Now, people are his thumb and they want that is dumb, pounded. I support a push after that tragic day. And two months of prize, this custom shame. He met those soldiers and been late in get away. Then shifted the blame to the dog who saved him. I like that. We're not too piling. I like that. They're not the ones for which I'm not. They can't drive. What's going on with this dog? We're not repiring. I racked a few minutes until the practice of having fun. As I spread freedom to the boy doesn't want to. The bloody gruffles have only just been done for. For the RGE and I love Earth. All these reason and they are kids to die. And the ruling mudwoods stay support this guy in advanced stages. Simply some must be the reason why. They believe your choice is Jesus Christ. We're off you pie, I ride. They're not the ones for what I'm. What's going on with this dog? We're off you pie and I ride. Boy, George, why do you hate so many big patients? It's hard work. It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work. We've got a hard work. I see on the TV screens how hard it is. Yeah, I pay. It is so hard. Yeah, we believe it. I play that again right now. Would you? That was great. I liked it. I hadn't heard that yet. That bit? Yeah. I got the new crap today man. We're not mucking around. We're putting it in the gear now. We're not holding back. What to be in my that monkey comment. Let me ask you something. I am looking at my pool. Maybe it's my computer again because you're always telling me well, you haven't refreshed and you haven't had a bit douche to do. Right. That's a story because I still see the old pool on there. We're having some internet problems. I don't know if Eric and here is yet. Josh went out during the break and said to someone. Yeah. But we were not streaming and might still not know. We were streaming again. Well, he said that we were. But you know what? Well, that's what's Eric fan airs have sues up to. We already got a couple of facts saying that we're not streaming. And are we streaming now or not? I'm sorry. I do like a really good show if the people on the internet can't hear it. We have audio now. Okay. We have audio now. Which means get the no pool on your air can quick dittling around. Okay. He'd air did a great job on a thing yesterday for the. Paul in places in Broward. Yes. Why we only had the Broward once and out the ones in day. Because that's the site. That's what comes up on the site. Oh, the different place for date. I don't know what it is. We have to go through more research. Whatever. But anywhere we got not only they put all the locations on there, but even the map. I mean, right, dumber than saw us to choose you exactly it. I mean, we did everything except like send a limbo to pick you up and take you there to vote for John Kerry and for Betty Castro oil and for Prop 4 and against Prop 3. So get with it. I mean, isn't everybody in day voting for Bush anyways? So we don't want to know. No, no, no, no, no. In fact, I got a great story about that coming up a little bit later on. Here's a preview of some of my bedtime stories. Well, I got some good craft today. Oh, early voting problems in Boca again. No, rocking the Cuban vote from the nation. Well, wonderful nation. You notice the only two things that they have left to talk about is that Kerry is too freaking liberal and number two that he picked on Shani's daughter. Right. But he is still hot with that crap. Oh, well, it was she was fair game. They used that expression there for was obviously something that was pre planned all this other crap. What the hell does that mean? What's what she meant by saying she was fair game means that she's out of the closet. That there was no impropriety in talking about her being a dike. That's exactly what that means. But they're continuing to cater to the dumbest of the dumb, you know? And the fact that they don't understand is they already got those people. They got them locked up. They got all the trailer tracks. Just look at that electrical math. Those red states again, man. But that's them dumb as us. Okay, let me vote on here. Oh, this is going to be tough. This could be the toughest pull I've ever taken. We've we've done this before, right? Yes, yes, we have been very as a force in various incarnations. How about those red sauce by the way? I went to bed because I did not do a great job of orienting this cold. I was definitely coming down with it. You know, you get the scratch and the meap is in the sore throat. And I did a fine job of Dr. and myself. And so I went to bed. It was for nothing. And I see the red sauce one. So I take back and I'm going to tell you right now Josh why they won these three games. Oh, why is that? Now you see your life already because they got the impetus. They got the, um, they got the enthusiasm. And two of the, uh, go, step on a Patriots beat Seattle on Sunday. Okay. You know, as they hadn't won again, they lost to me in a row. They got blown out. I mean, just in bear, what was it? Nineteen eight or something that they before? Yeah. Or they got all the sudden here. They come in a win three in a row. They've even up the world series. Even when they're right there in New York, a janky stadium last night. And it's been a contact to Patriots in the Tom Brady and Bill Belicech for that. That's the undefeated Patriots who've won two Super Bowls in the last three seasons. And one twenty games in a row as opposed to the year Dolphins who are well. We've need to say, now what was I just about to do here? I just voted. Oh, a board again Christians is taking the early lead. I remember the problem with that. That would be fine. We go. How about the Jamaicans who are board again Christians and also on Wikens Jewish? I don't want to say there's any hanky panky going out with the election. This story just, this should give you a great idea of what they're trying to pull. Man, this is so amusing. Some absentee ballots distributed to hamilton county voters don't include the name of democratic presidential candidate John Kerry local election officials confirmed yesterday. They had a small mistake. You're not a Terry today. You're not a Terry today. So do you want to vote for Bush or Nader or a few other people that nobody ever heard of or a Bush or Bush? For Bush? That problem they put Bush's name on a second time or Nader when they were uh, Kerry was supposed to be. Because of a printing era limited election officials believed only a few ballots in the force they believe. We don't know but that's what they're thinking. In the fourth park area absentee ballots recently mailed out of school that democratic presidential ticket of Kerry and John Edwards. It's a screw-up said Tim Berter. Chairman of the Hamilton County Board of Elections, this just feeds the paranoia that's out there. The tragedy thing is that even though I think we have a very fair and accurate count here, this will cause people to question the accuracy of our operation. No kidding. Think of reason we weren't streaming by the way is because Howard got off early at 10, 28 this morning. Yeah. I mean that's a good excuse. I don't know what a slacker. I mean because Robert didn't maybe Robert didn't hit the button. Because maybe Duff was too busy hitting Robert's button. Although election officials believe only two voters have received the inaccurate ballots today. Berksa had he's worried that the mix-up will open us up to all kinds of questions that can guarantee no Schmidt. He also considered that some may question whether the problem is a deal of it only a few ballots. I guess we'll never know. I'm happy we're talking about a very small number. Berksa said that something that should never have happened. Again, no Schmidt is my comment. One of the voters who received the inaccurate ballots today, she just couldn't believe it when she opened her absentee ballot on pulp. And noticed that Carrie's name was just missing. I'm sure it's just an oversight. Right? Yeah. I don't know if this is something was wrong. So the voter who asked not to be identified, but you'll wonder whether others maybe didn't notice it before they sent their ballots back. Ah! The printing error is the second major mistake to play Hamilton County's absentee ballots for the upcoming election. Earlier this month, official scrapped 17,500 absentee ballots after Ohio Secretary-State Kenneth Blackwell ordered presidential candidate Ralph Nader off the ballot because of invalid signatures on his candidacy petitions. Those ballots also have been tainted by the election board discovery that the punch positions of Hamilton County Engineer Bill Brasia on one of the candidates for Ohio Supreme Court had been swished. Nader's removal from ballots throughout Ohio also figures to the new problem that caused Carrie's name to be dropped see. I didn't realize that the Nader's not on there. Good. In seeking to remove Nader's name from some local ballots, Hamilton County officials inadvertently struck Carrie's name instead. So in other words, that was right. Nader was on there along with Bush, and it was Carrie that caught knocked off. Well, at least they were trying. On the flawed ballots, the words candidate removed to appear on the line where Carrie's name should appear on the line below Nader's name, where Kennedy removed actually should have been printed remains. So when had Bush and Nader and no Carrie, which is really scary. Zyne America, maybe they're and then the registrations, the Democratic registrations that were turned up in Oregon, we actually saw the pictures right in the waste basket. Oh, that was just a disgruntled x-employee ride. You've always got an answer for everything, man. It always got some bogus answer, just like this crap with Teresa LaPore again, it's just like all the other bogus garbage going on. It's awful at once again, and it's only pre-voting now, it's only a little forplay. And he still can't get it straightened out. Which of course, when this kind of crap goes on, this makes it very easy for them to kind of wait till two weeks from yesterday. Tell us, see which way the things are going on, how many votes they need to fix in New Mexico and how many votes they need to fix up in Wisconsin, and how many need to fix up again and floor it. I'm sure that Glenn to end the hood is working feverishly on it, along with that fat ass governor yours. Don't forget Betty Caster for a Senate and we import Dante. Just say no to Melmartina's that Nazi piece of crap. Yes, on Proposition 4. Oh, there's slots. You ought to see the article that's in the at-herald, and we talk about biased. I've been saying that for years, they help puts their editorial opinions on the news pages, and then again on the editorial pages too, but just amazing. They're so hysterical about those slot machines, those one-eyed bandits. Oh, they're going to get you. Oh, you got to do his play a month's ban, you'll be hooked, you'll never have another dime to your name. But play that lottery, that's a good bet. You said what I'd ban, it's right. Yeah. Okay. Not one-eyed monster. Are you starting again? I'm going to report you the Joyce, Mr. 1056 at 5.60, I can't wait to get on Joyce free radio. Have no color. If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking you could be doing a lot better if you had some hair. If you get kind of a scare when you see that bald spot, here's the answer. Call my good buddy Chuck Alphiari. Charlie's been helping the famous and the infamous and everybody in between for over 30 years now. But third man. That is correct. But you would never recognize Charlie's work when you see it because it looks like real hair. You never know it wasn't. It's a piece. Charlie's quit in the best and most natural system in the business. The most critical area of any hair system which I've been told you forever is the hairline. That's the deal. And Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% un-detectable. The hair looks like it's grown right out of your scalp as opposed to some barnyard animal to let fall out of the sky out of the top of your head. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing to lose but that ugly bald spot that makes you look so bad and old. You're trying to system for 30 days. But good man. And after a month of year, all of the way looks and feels and smells, you return it to your money back. Make the call today, tell Charlie you heard about here on the World Famous Deal Roger Show and get you your special QAM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hairline system. Call toll-free $100-321-2413 and don't forget to stop obligation Charlie will sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger he can make you look at a very minimal price. Here's that toll-free number again $1-800-321-2413 or run the wicked web at StraussAlphiere.com. Where of exploding bald? And I like to be free and you watch it in important and important days. Make it again so we don't have to keep making people in and record something free. You're a real hypocrite, huh? Oh, you're a real hypocrite. Oh, you're a completely shane. Freedom's home about to close our eyes. You're from the corner of the gun, or spread in our brain. The democracy that these hierarchies want to show desperately now, at least to my college entrance in Colton. We're going to be a real hypocrite. We're going to be a real hypocrite. We're going to be a real hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. We're going to be a hypocrite. Have another drink, drink, drink. What do you say to that? We are going to be talking to you. Are we being talk about a piebano or bring a rag home? Do you work at crazy? Let a 2 or a 5 or 6GWTCM happy Wednesday to look at the price of Q and fraction of what they used to pay everything every single issue you look at like I said yesterday's crap and You got deal Walter upon or yesterday on CNN with wolf looks great making his big pitch for W And that has shocked at the NASCAR crowd is for W That was one of the most I don't know whether to laugh or cry one of the most amusing things I've seen in the years They'll wall-trump well, you know you shake your vision hand in your shaking hands with a real man. No, yeah Grapped dr. Cheerleader now one of them Lily liver the pinko a flag Yeah, oh, let's see well, here's another one now you had this when you did the pull please that Republicans I forgot about that. Yeah, you did this not that long ago, but that's okay. Something like that And let's add that on there Josh. It'll give you something to do put Republicans on there, please How's that pull coming so anyway? Well, those three much to my amazement actually put his he put his feet to the for a little bit Dale Walter put his pedal to the metal and he said well, what about the fact that John Kerry you know volunteer the for service during Vietnam and the George W Bush or You know, we'll join the national year and Walter's response was which is obviously scripted You know they give them all the little the lines to you right the car's up at a course bushes big online Comes up with this crap about well that really speaks that that's an insult to the people in the guard today And well, let's create amazingly step out of his Nazi boots long enough to remind him that the people in the guard today 43% of them have been Our now or will be in Iraq as opposed to back during the event now more when joining the guard was just another way of dodging the draft And his and his response was just like Bush's response on is he in favor of Rovi Wade or repealing it A non answer he came back with well all I know is a George Bush is a straight shooter when you shake his hand in an all-in He's a great. I love George Bush. That was his response which was really really well worthwhile having a monitor We'll get to that whole thing. I got a great story about CNN and about that thing that bulge and Bush's jacket I got some good stuff here today But we better take a whole bunch of calls don't you think let's do that No, let's look at a poll first Which of these groups bug you the most born again Christian 60 we do that fact let's do this once a month. This would get out of our system 126 votes born again Christians got about half of them. I hit everybody 19 Cuban 16 WQM hello Hey, no I do it all right all right I remember before you said you're having audio for any day, but you say any 100 G.A. You don't say that no, no, no, no, no, that's it. I guess that's what we'll have to do any K from GA Okay, thank you. Hey, these are good calls. I think The first guy like an overgrown child what happened to Howard Howard still on you guys cut him up We don't cut Howard off But when he says the last word the last breath that's when the stern show ends on his station Okay, so give us a song to dance you emotional cripple simple to you that words Howard Okay, that was the first call. I'm getting worse from there But I like taking a lot of these. It's the bread and butter, right? Like line lines my favorite QAM hello How you doing? Okay, how you doing? You're facts about what same what the whole question for yesterday About Republicans? About whole questions about movies everyone should see and I said it George George is leaving everything we get the facts George. We get this guys back Number number any facts like that. I know get it. So send it again. Get with it Now that movies everybody should see we've done that more times than this stupid one We're doing today get with it pal. We're causing a facts like why you people man are stiller than last year's mozza get with it Of course remember I did have to reset the machine this morning So maybe he said it after it he probably said it you didn't get it because your machine was screwed up I couldn't fact you this morning either and then I went back to bed just to make sure I missed certain people I certainly hope that those people get to message this isn't like a couple of a day deal If they want to deal with anybody deal with you or they can call norm can't I'm not dealing with people who want to ruin my day See that here's a great piece of philosophy and I really mean this If your wife ruins your day dump the bitch if your kid ruins your day put him out on the street make him homeless I mean anybody ruins your day just get get take them out of your life. Yeah, I want to say what I've been too short to have people ruin your day What if they ruin like a whole years of your life well that case and then dump them like an ocean would be good For the FDA stops distribution of unauthorized clue vaccine from Canada The federal government stops them central this is hysterical this is a panic And I should put out to the people in Canada aren't too excited about this idea that the American public is gonna start draining all of the drugs supplies from Canada They're getting a little bit paranoid about that because they only manufacture a limited amount because there's only how many million people here About 30 man and Canada But nevertheless I saw this yesterday also one they certainly not news Nazi network and about uh well, you know the FDA hasn't really Checked some of these vaccines from the FDA the same people that that approved viax and filetamide and all these other drugs that have killed billions of people the FDA which is nothing but a sellout all the all the Manufactures of food manufacturers not the other or the drug manufacturers Anyway The federal government stops them central Floridians from getting clue shots yesterday or today. It says Wednesday and that's today because the vaccine was from a Canadian company Not approved for use the US About six unless it's Thursday and I don't realize it yet is it Thursday? It's Friday, huh? Yeah, right there about 6,000 doses the vaccine were to be given for free starting today a clinics in orange Seminole, Oceola counties as seniors desperately try to get shots in an actual vaccine shortage After the officials had no details about the mix up they were investigating how the unlicensed vaccines ended up being shipped The doses were received Monday by Githilthi Florida a partnership of Florida hospital the orange County health department and others The vaccine came from Shire Pharmaceuticals group a British company that sold its vaccine division in September to a Canadian company ID by Omnetical Get healthy Florida bodies vaccines from Taylor's pharmacy in winter park Store owner Alan Devers said he ordered doses to remade your whole sale of a cash and corporation Deaver realized they weren't from eventist past tour the only authorized maker left for the US But still sent them to doctors offices if give healthy Florida He didn't know how many doctors have received the vows are what they've been given to the patients If federal officials were negotiating with ID biomedical to secure a small amount of doses in January said lester Crawford acting FDA commissioner and that's the end of the story So in other words because the FDA hasn't put their squeal of approval on yet Therefore these old parts that are standing in line polishing an 85 degree heat for hours and hours They're ready to pass out and croak right on the side right in fact did you see there was one woman had a heart attack at died died You see that yes waiting for her flu shot you miserable bastard 2000 people are gonna die because this idiot is not top of things He screams he hollers he's always really good when he's prescripted and got that little thing Is there but what did you say to him? Yeah when he shakes his hand you're talking to a real name and when he shakes it Cherokee halter rack work after aid chiefs kidnap let better take a few calls though first Probably get some voting updates. I'm gonna go down around town WQAM hello No, not yes, sir How are you? Okay, yes, today about link TV. I just wanted to give you their website I saw last night Call me yesterday, huh? Okay WQAM hello Oh this guy again do I pay oh he's back after a long absence that one's back I have no Canadian income sir, but I do play GST and PST and AST taxes here are brutal So just blow it out your ass and get a life WQAM hello To am yes, sir. Yeah, I can talk to Neil speaking Neil yes, did you hear Jake fielders been stuck out of his house the last three days? Who? They killed her off who knows that You know why they came to go line across his front. Okay great great funny R 6.5.5.6. He pound five 60 and he Verizon and see it a while totally they're gonna be good today, right? You said you had a lot of stuff. I do have a lot of stuff. I'll give it all in Let's see only your physicists has can't stand any of them even those in my family says this facts from Some of the good choice they'll do well on this poll. Okay new yorkers new yorkers put the oxen there That was uh take what are the top three positions when we did this? Yeah, we've been this poll before and uh I don't know What kind of a negative to anything which is already a big response on they like negative They like hate like he's cause we're getting today I'm glad to see though that the whisperer is back it's got a little bit worried about him I thought maybe they got the butterfly net and so I lost week too. Oh did he? Yeah. Well, that's good He's a worky It's after 11 at 5 60 WKWM if you want to know more about following a low carb diet if your fat is a cow and you want to lose some weight and stay alive If you want the best tasting biggest lesson of low carb foods in the best price Here's a store you are gonna love it's called you got it. Delights a West Boca with your starting or restarting the Actions the sugar busters the South Beach diet God permit or any low carb sugar free diet Delights a West Boca's always been the number one low carb store in South Florida I like I always tell you can buy your meat and your cheese and your seafood and the supermarket But if you want some variety if you want some all goodies they can kind of like get some taste out of here's the answer for you Delights a West Boca your low carb headquarters They've got over 1200 products like carbolite ice cream breads pasta chocolates brownies cookies and more the people are working They're no low carb dieting inside and out the license open every day of your life seven days a week from 10 an a.m. till 10 p.m You find the lights on the northeast corner of glazing 441 right next to Boston market are column pull free at 1 877 low carb that's LOW W C-A-R-B low carb run away with low carb.com there's only one but it's the lights of West Boca your official Actions retail center You have no all the boy I'm a Catholic no And That's so Cuz There's a human dreadlock of a crowd-shower I've always known someone calls you mad at all They could've like have a party Hey, celebrate, party all the time Hey, man, I'm glad you're here to do Stopping the bridge is wild being From Papa No. 3 One thing we didn't say, P.You and all more, sorry, I wish we won't do it again 1118 and here's an interesting fact from Franken Melbourne, who says Post says no draft, okay, then why is the Selective Service looking for draft board members I close a copy of the Selective Service Information Request page from their website, you can find it under careers. Like that touch careers for chicken hocks. If there's no draft plan, then why the need for draft board members, and anyway here's the second sheet that includes which is a copy of that. Local board membership information requested said, local board members are volunteers appointed by the president. They play an important community role closely connected with our nation's defense. If a military draft becomes necessary, approximately 2000 local boards throughout America would decide which young men in each community receive deferments, post-boments or exemptions from military service based in federal guidelines. And if you're interested in receiving information on becoming a board member for the Selective Service, please complete this form. Must be 18 years older, citizen of the US, must a register with a Selective Service, Yadiyade, Yadiyade in the Kozon. How do you like that? But I guess it's just an exercise, right? Just in case. Right, who knows there might be a worselmdiff? Now what's this other thing you just asked me? This constitutional amendment? Oh, I aborted it. Because it was long, in other words, it's a breakdown of all of the amendments. Oh, amendment one is the prettal notification of a minor's termination of pregnancy, which is these, it's like six pages. No. Okay. I don't want all of these. I mean, it's obvious what you've been a photo against that, right? Right. And the second one, I have no idea what this is constitutional amendments proposed by initiative. I don't know. Oh, you're supposed to be on top all as well, not. Too bad. Tell us something to the cover page. Huh? Which is size of listed. We got bigger fish to fry, okay? Charity Halls Iraq work after aid chiefs kidnapped. Aid organization carried a national suspended separations. Interact completely, following the kidnapping of Margaret Hassan, it was announced today. Caraw Australia confirmed that it had halted all work in Iraq because of the kidnapping, instead of expected to release a statement with the hours. Caraw Australia chief executive Robert Glasser told Australia's ABC radio, our staff were not operating currently there and they're certainly not working there. Now in light of the current situation, he said, caraw Australia did not know why she'd been kidnapped. She, by the, I don't know if you saw the story. She'd lived there for 30 years. Yes. Bob Bird and man. So in other words, it's not like she just went there to start doing these things. The good work she was doing. And she'd been there for 30 years, but evidently, you know, she's not going to be a non-airacking. And it was right. She was born in Dublin, holds dual British and Iraqi nationality. She was snatched just hours before as she was driven to work in the west of the capital yesterday morning. Now, does there a report of that in unarmed, an unnamed armed Iraqi group said a kidnapped Mrs. Hassan. So there you go. I continue. They're hoochering and to be headings and all these other things. I saw a great show on a biography channel last night about the Saudi royal family. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, my, what a friend. Are good buddies, the Saudis, baby. Bandar, bush, all of them, the boys. I tell you what they went. Bandar, bush, hold hands with George's W. And George's W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. His pompoms with the other hand. He's like a real man, you know, they're both. They're both. They're a wall trip said. Well, you're sure, for actually me, a bunch of stuff. Let's see. The second amendment is constitutional amendments proposed by an issue to it. What I would have had is the medical liability, where we know that we're voting, no, number three. And yes, I number four, which is allowing it's see number four. I want to make one thing very clear. It authorizes the voters of Dayton Broward to approve slot machines in per mutual facilities. In other words, in the dog, highlight in the race track for rat. Or tracks. Doesn't make it automatic. It doesn't make it automatic, which means that Dayton Broward would still, if this is statewide approved, and I can't imagine why it wouldn't be because this money is guaranteed. I'm like the lottery. This is guaranteed. They've got safeguards in it. It is a whole article in the Hull about it today, which even is negative as they try to be. Makes it very clear that this money will go to education in the state. Yeah, but it encourages sin. Well, too bad. But if it doesn't pass statewide, there'd be another election in Dayton Broward. And of course, the last times that the gambling thing was on a ballot, it passed in Dayton Broward. So I think it's just kind of a move point after that. But at any rate, that's number four, which you will vote, yes, please. The minimum wage amendment number five, I have no idea what that is, do you? No. We're feeling about high speed rail amendment. How's that high speed train coming by the way? That bullet train? Oh, there it goes. Patients write to know about it, verse medical in. Well, maybe some people can out of the little homework. We still got two weeks. I'll do a little bit of homework and find the thumbnail sketch of each one of them. Or I'll just back some to you. Or whatever. Why, you got it all there? Yes, well, I canceled it and it's coming through again. Here's a very much more important story. The 9-11 secret in the CIA is back pocket. This is from the LA Times in Robert's sheer. He says, it is shocking. The Bush administration is suppressing a CIA report on 9-11 until after the election. And this one names names. Although the report by the Inspector General's Office of the CIA was completed in June, it hasn't been made available to the congressional intelligence committees that demanded it to study almost two years ago. It's infuriating that a report which shows that high-level people were not doing their jobs in a satisfactory manner before 9-11 is being suppressed. And intelligence official who has read the report told me, adding that the report is potentially very embarrassing for the administration because it makes it look like they weren't interested in terrorism before 9-11, or in holding people in the government responsible afterward, kind of like what Richard Clark said. When I asked about to report representative Jane Harman of California, ranking Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee, so she and committee Chairman Peter Hooster of Republican and Michigan said a letter 14 days ago asking for it to be delivered. We believe that the CIA has been told not to distribute the report she said and we are very concerned. According to the Intelligence official, it spoke to the condition of anonymity, released at the report which represents an exhaustive 17-month investigation by 11 member team within the agency has been stalled. First by acting CIA the record genre glove and an obaic Porter Jane Misrogoss, the former Republican House member in Chairman of the Intelligence Committee, recently was appointed CIA chief by President Bush, Porter Misrogoss. The official stress that the report was more blood and more specific than the earlier by partisan reports produced by the Bush appointed and other commission in the Congress, but all the other reports that 9-11 did not do is point to figured individuals and give the how and what of their responsibility. This report does that, says the Intelligence official, the report found very senior level officials responsible. By a law, the only legitimate reason the CIA director has for holding back such a report is national security, it neither gosh-normal-glacans involved national front before they start to job. Call them today toll-free using the first time you've never dreamed of calling anybody else again. Call them at 1-800-2-4-8-5-7-1. That's 1-800-2-4-8-5-7-1, run the wicked web at strideconsets.com. You're listening to me, you're listening to me, you're not your ex-gloosebly. On 5-6-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8- Now, read the butterfly ballets, starting with pushcating in the left column. You can, and Chickal-Grew, where, Mangala, Ike, men and girls in the right. Where's our label? Over there. Disciples guy. Yes. Is this the guy who makes my baby food? No. Now, simply, punch a hole in the 1959 unit back, keep punch guard. Okay. Wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. All right. All right. No. Uh, okay. I'll punch again. Yes. Oh, no. That invalidates your boat. All right. Yeah. Punch again. You do that again. I'll punch you. I'm gonna fall off the foot, Major. Why you? Shhh! Sorry. I thought I wringled heebes. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. Let's take a look at the poll so far. Which of these groups bugs you the most? Three hundred and sixteen votes? A born again, Christians, hundred and twenty. Republicans, forty, two, that's moving up that zooming up the list. I hate everybody, thirty, seven. Cubans, thirty, five. I like everybody, fourteen. Well, goody, goody. African Americans, twelve. Patience, ten. Red, next, nine. Arch Canadians, nine. Jews, nine. Muslims, eight, New Yorkers, four. What if they're, New Yorkers who also are Jews? Oh, Catholics, four, and Jamaica, one's three out of three hundred and sixteen votes. A lot of people out there not to like. Well, just, you know, I mean, you can pretend you like everybody. And, oh, people are just people. They are like, okay. What do they like? Uh, early voting problems reported in Boko again. This must be a mistake. And this is the joke. I'm sure. Comey lives. I would think if we've got his Zinns with this election going on less than two weeks away now, we'd be getting Zinns a calls from people who voted the last couple of days and have been counter-need of problems or no problems or what are you know, they're all the stuff going on. Let's call in C-span and have them cover the show. Okay. So they can hear somebody's neat calls. Yeah, they can't. The camera on your picture. I have a whole. Like this one, WQA and hello. Yes, sir. A while ago, they played a song that was like a scoop of the monster mesh. Yeah. I wanted to find out where you get it and what it, who shot does it what it's called? Were you ginn it? Yeah, I mean isn't it somebody can purchase somewhere? No. But you can get it a Kathy Willow's house, okay, pal? Not well, not you. Somebody about 40 years younger. Yeah, and I wouldn't see Span have been just that they were a tickleder fan. I think they get that yellow. Okay, that was exactly what's so far this right about. That was perfect. That was our, that was one of our younger calls. WQA and hello. I think I voted for neither, all right. WQA and hello. Hello, I'm Paul Beach, okay? Yes. And it's so easy my dog can do it. Yeah. Listen, then by all means get him over there. They shoot, yeah, well, they do it. They do it. Howard David's bitch. And I don't see as I fire Island. Agent Bush and Agent Chiefs work hard to solve their queries case. Yeah. Agent But, the gang, but, Chief, get down here now. I've got a skiff. Eh! So, I bring the wine. Oh, what you just can't throw friend. I'm talking about a dead body. Ew! Necrone, no, no. So, yes, I fire Island, party firesteen, Richard Siddlestar as TV's newest. Not so ambiguously getting grind solving duo. Check out this, but. I've examined the physical evidence. Let's get physical physical. Hey! I don't know if we put up plug and egg butts. Now, I've deduced the statement, prefers entering to the back door. So, great. That narrow down the list of suspects, complete. CSI, Fire Island, with special guest-guard rooper-debra beast. Kill my heart. Love him! Don't miss CSI, Fire Island. Coming soon, but not too quickly, too serious. Sixty-tool-done is five, sixty. I must be psychic, you know, because I was just talking moments ago about the joy center. Plug. But nevertheless. Oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Power, five, sixty, any Verizon, singular wireless lines. Martha Stewart's in a jam again. In prison, domestic TV Martha Stewart may be caught again into jam, quite a report published today. The New York Post-siting an unnamed inmate at the Alderson West Virginia Minimum Security. See the idea that season jail is so ridiculous, even though we can't stand that bitch. It's just, it's crazy. It's madness. How's Kenny Lado and Kenny Boy? Yeah. Anyway, they report that the guru of good living meaning Martha not Kenny Boy. Spend some time last week picking crab apples from trees on the campgrounds and using them to cook up sweet jelly. The normal person would get punished for that, but the prison guards demanded not to see her the inmate was quoted the same. The crabby inmate. The inmate went on to say that Stewart might not have known it was wrong, although other inmates have since advised you to refrain from stirring up any more treats. Ha ha ha. Oh no. The post-sited a spokeswoman for the federal prison camp is saying that she was unaware of Stewart's exploits, adding that it is unlikely that their prisoner would get into serious trouble for such activity. It's a 105 acre compound where a lot of different trees and crab apples are amongst them. Said Don Zobles, spokeswoman for the prison camp, and if it inmate was seen picking them, we would have a discussion with him in formal discussion. Well, what did I, I don't get it. What's wrong with picking apples? Well, they were forbidden. But cotton October 8th, the CBN 751 sentence he'd been visited by her daughter Alexis and lawyers during the past few days and who cares? Okay, get around there already. It's embarrassing, but just like I'm going to play that the muddy pipe on the Erkai Al thing. Yes, she's an uppity rich bitch. Sin Claire, speaking of the media, Sin Claire says it will not air the carry film and its entirety. But hey, are crumbling man, it says our beautiful thing to see. They're crumbling fast. Not there broadcasting under widening scrutiny over plants where a documentary about Senator John Kerry's war might wartime activities. Not 30 years ago said yesterday it would not show the program in its entirety. Contrary to numerous inaccurate political and press accounts, the Sin Claire stations will not be airing the documentary stolen on her in its entirety. The Baltimore Base Company said in the statement, that's what they're saying now to cover the rest. Sin Claire said it would air a special news program on Friday called a POW story, politics pressure in the media that would discuss the allegations surrounding Kerry's anti-avvietnam more activities. Sin Claire continues to veal heat from Wall Street as the company shares fellow another 23 cents. To close at $6.26 in yesterday's trading. The stock is done more than 12 percent since October 11th. The first day of trading after the LA Times reported on the airing of the documentary. Lehman Brothers cut its 12 month price target from $9.29 from 10 is endless to William Myers noted in the report that airing the documentary has no upside and only multi-dimensional downside to the company, for example, by alienating advertisers and regulators. But that's not Sin Claire's only business problem or its only experience with controversy. Sin Claire's financial laws were highlighted Monday and J.P. were going to decision to initiate coverage with an underweight rating that indicates it's expected to underperform in its peer group. In a conversation with management we detected substantial frustration with the company's stock price said, aimless Barton Crochet. In the day, Sin Claire's stock is down 56.7% year today compared with the S&P's 500 rise of 0.2% for the year. He adds that Sin Claire may consider trying to go private, but we would be hindered by its debt. Oh, I love it. Hullman Drill as they say. Don't forget to join George McGill and Volca Brian today 5-7 for a happy hour at the Treasure Island. Just off the pulmeto just north of the 142nd Street exit stop by to win some really crappy low budget prices and be sure to check out this way's feature. Stephanie isn't she wanted pops bowling balls out of her. Yeah, that's Stephanie Evans. The George McGill and Volca Brian at Treasure Island tonight. She knew it was okay last week. She did Volca Brian. His head popped right out of her. 5-670560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, we're going now. How you doing? Alright man, I got two wager for today. Oh, I want one. I remember second and I want for tonight. I just lived a beat up on that empire in New York State, New York Yankees. I'm remember second with a go bush. Yeah, both equally outstanding. WQAM, hello. QAM. Ooh. Is that Euro ring? Hello. And it sounds like that Euro ring. Maybe the pop is on their line. Hey pops. Not now. Have they sung like that? Pink Floyd. Funtel. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I got one for your poll. What do you mean you got one for our poll? Who? Dumb people. Retar. Yeah. We already put Republicans on there. Oh yeah. Okay, I'll do. Retar is just good. We don't want to pick on a president. Okay, that's good. You want to put that on there or not? No. Okay. You had it on there. We've had dumb people on your poll. I did. I think. So well, put it on there. Anyway, dumb people give these people a choice. Maybe give what they want. See, that's the one thing you haven't learned yet. You're getting better every show. But you want to give them what they want. If they want crap, give them crap. Give them tons of it. Like if they want it. It's cheap. Give them tons of these phone calls. Maybe that's what they want. They don't want anything like my stimulator brain. Oh my god. He's reading those stories. It's this. We want to hear more about movies. They mean movies. Movies. That's what we want. Let me tell you. Let me tell you again. The ones who talk about that crap the most. They are the ones who get it to least. The ones who pretend like the Board of Good Christians who are leading a running way with our poll. They're the ones who are doing everybody. Because Board of Good Christians code for. Closet pervert. I mean, some of us perverts were out of a closet. At least that's okay. A closet pervert. AKA hypocrite. 413 votes. Which of these groups bugs you the most. Okay. And Christians. Hands down your pants baby. 154. 37% of all of you say Board of Good Christians. Screw them. Republicans. 59. I hate everybody. 44. Cubans. 44. You still can't let go of that Cuban thing, man. I like everybody. 16. Haitians. 50. But they sure have clean lawns. African Americans. 15. Oh, wait a minute. That's just moving up there into a tie with Haitians. Maybe you ought to have ID cards for the Dark Folks. Muslim 14. Redneck 13. French Canadians a dozen. Jews 11. New Yorkers 10. I would assume that most of the Yorkers and Southland are all. But well, let me get a lot of Guitos to. Yeah. A lot of her Jew Yorkers. That you make in five. Catholics for and dumb people just went on a very good work. Josh 423 vote on our suit pool. I got an article here that the carry people aren't going to be too happy with me. But I, you know, I haven't I said that it's a pretty peepore selection. Yes. Doug Thompson writes the rant in the Capitol Hill blue, which is now standing website. The George doesn't like it all. But he writes ain't much of a choice. And I hate to echo. I mean, naturally, I already voted for carry and would vote 100 times the chance. I hope like hell. He's going to win. By the way, the latest Florida state by state poll. I should point out. I forgot to mention this. It shows 47% for Bush 46 for carry and one or two for Nader. But how do you like that? It's not within one percent. A couple of days ago, Bush had a four point lead. You know, these are the daily and every couple of days. They do these tracking polls. State by state in the ballot ground states. And also Iowa, the latest one shows carry 47 bush 47 a Nader with four, which is very disturbing. You see, you people are going to vote for Nader. Are you going to do every vote for Nader is a vote for Bush, make no, at least in the battleground states. And didn't Nader already urge didn't he already say to the people a lot of the vote for him in the close state to the battleground states. They should vote for carry. Did he already say that? Yeah, sure. Let's say he said that. No, he did say that. Okay. It was months ago, but he said it. Anyway, much of a choice right, Stoke Thompson and a great capital hill blue, which George hates that. I have the white EY. Well, no, that's because they're the hardest. They rip both parties and they tell it like it is. I don't know what you say that. I've never said any kind of the sort. Just for the hell of it. Okay. If George W Bush had not turned the citizens of this country into an angry mob filled with hate and distrust. This election wouldn't even be close. God knows, John Kerry's not the answer to this nation's woes is legislative record of unconscallot that, would in the best of times write nothing more than an asterisk in the history of the US Senate. But this is hardly the best of times and Kerry, through no accomplishment of his own, finds himself locked in a dead heat battle for the presidency, because many Americans hate Bush so much, they're willing to rest the future of the nation on a lackluster liberal who never saw political position he couldn't change. This is the level we face in two weeks, a choice between a reckless zealot who's led this country into a war can't win, and a wishy washy opportunist who could lead a pack of cup scouts out on overnight camping trip. If you think this ain't much of a choice, you're right. As campaign 2004 winds down American space of future that's cursed with four years of more of the same or more of the unknown. Bush is the great divider, a mad man whose policies and actions have ripped this country apart, the architect of the most divisive wars since Vietnam, the highest deficits in the history and administration whose lies dwarf even those of our last great provocator William Jefferson Clinton. Kerry unfortunately isn't a man on a white horse riding into save the day, given Bush's record a chimpanzee with IQ of a two minute egg could be leading the polls by 20 points. I gotta read that again, I love that. It's great luck. Given Bush's record a chimpanzee with IQ of a two minute egg could be leading the polls by 20 points, but Kerry's many missteps and vacillating positions on issues leaves one wondering how we even got into Yale much less graduated. This is the race between dumb and dumber, numb nuts and dim-wit, queuedly and tweedled dumb. The only difference between Kerry's campaign and a cup scout pack is that cups scouts at least have adult leadership and the only difference between the Bush administration and the same pack is that cups scouts don't have heavy artillery. So what's a voter to do come November 2nd which it will need to us most walk into the voting both to make a decision, then good question. With two weeks to go, I still don't know who I'm good about four or even if I've got a vote. The future of this nation could well depend on the decision all of us makes on that day, yet I can't help feeling any decision is fruitless because the mess of this country faces is beyond repair, at least by anybody on the current presidential ballot either way or screwed. Says dog Thompson. How do you like that? So a little bit to want us for most folks, but that's the problem with the two party system it blows it sucks. So why don't you support me? You may have crats afraid of you. Wow. Yeah. Talk about it. I think that was later on before asking about that bit. The call back the second time. I was caught off before I can't. I think somebody ought to split the fan belt in 65 core, very little teaching. Old Coot. Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM hell you horse racing fans and poker players, Pomp and a park racing and poker is just a gambling action. You're looking for plunger guts out. They're located a half a mile from both I.95 and Florida turnpike. Pomp and a park is easy to get to invest of all Pomp and a park features free admission and free general parking everyday. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon goes until midnight and live racing gets underway night late 7.25 PM Friday and Saturday. The Poker room features tournament action with special Texas hold them and 7 card stud tournaments start to get noon. And then it goes out about this Saturday October 9. See I don't have any new copy here. Troy, you idiot. This Saturday October not the idea of how well they don't have that no more. That pathetic. Pomp and a park is also open for some casting airb day 7 days and nights a week with a best and hardest racing through a butt high-lash from all across North America for you to watch in plunger. Pomp and a park located at a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the current racing schedule please go online at pompandopark.com or call 9.5497222000 because Troy's busy biggest celebrity now. Pomp and a park horsepower even plunger guts on. Pomp and a park horsepower even plunger guts on. Pomp and a park horsepower even plunger guts on. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. Like William Holden said today and let's just say FU-2 honey and that's for a tourist ride for without the honey port. Yeah, if you try. He just handed you this new copy from Pomp and a park in the floor and there remember seeing something like that on the floor this morning and I thought you found it on the floor? It's worth it. Well that's a good place for. In fact, there were people in here last night you know it could have been moved around. Right, there were people in there just the absolutely the basing our studio down there. That's really sad. Anyway this Friday in Saturday night at Pomp and a park, $100,000 of the Florida Sunshine States for 23 years old. What I just said, 23 years old. On the Saturday there's a free-cosseted pump at a park starting at 7 o'clock featuring the best rolling stones tributed band in the country. Sadest faction plus the mama band is storm otters doing their tributed to the doors. And that isn't good enough. Don't forget to mark your counters now because before you know what the first freeze forgetty dinner night of the season take place at Pompino Park on Monday, December 6th or whether on your sleeve on your rest on your tombstone Monday, December 6th. Okay, sorry about that tick but we got it all in there. I want to get ticked Fumberg. I'll bet on a shape. Okay, we got to hang on to everybody. We got you know what I mean? All right. Hang on by our thumb. And as far as the Dick Fibrex concerti also ridges of ES vote please on amendment 4. It's just like the spot we just had. This time there's no another scrap of our well it's going to replace somebody other funding. This is on top of whatever funding you're spending on education that's guaranteed it's written right to the amendment. And there's no way to circumvent it like what a phony balloony lottery. Lottery is really good bet. You know? Anyway, here's the faction of Jason who says I voted yesterday. No problems. Pine Island a bar full of art. Let me say it again. Go to thearages.com, Ariston of fabulous job. If you want to know where to vote. And click on the thing there. He's got the map and all of the site the location. It's an excellent job, Eric. It's about time. Anyway, Pine Island a Browdy voted 40 minutes total. Even some of the poll workers do what was going on, which is a shock. Some of the ones that are 100. It said votes are stored locked up and under a video until the river first no precounty. 2. I'm still going to a white on election day. My polling place to make sure my name is off the registration had to go to early. I think it's a good way to double check that your vote was counted. And three went to the Kerry rally at CB Smith Park 15,000 people their Kerry was great. And Bobby Graham was great. And that's great, Jason. Thanks for the good news. There is some good news. There we now and then. As opposed to some of the negative to rate turds that we got there in South Florida. Turds. You turds. That's the word. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Jack, you, you're right. I got a huge pile, you know? Yeah. I've been on Howard's contest. Have you ever heard that him or her contest? Oh, we're really good. We've heard that. A lot of these important calls and men that's the meat and potatoes, the bread and butter. The peanut butter and jelly. 5, 60, honey, Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, I just want to report that I voted this morning. I've heard of Graham. I can't work like very at commercial and pile I want. And there was about a, I'm out of 50 minute wait. As a line move very quickly and the poll workers were competent. They were, the guy who was actually, you know, once you, you're credentialed with the guy who was actually putting people up to the machine. He was very, very good. He was excellent at the murder. And the mention of the, I voted, yes, gentlemen, for. Good. And of course, you know, voted for the person who's going to be the next president of the United States, John Kerry. And I regained everybody else to consider voting early. It really does, you know, remove the, the possibility of having crowded and, and, and you do I, you know, on the actual election. I think it's your way of doing a plus. Plus, I think it creates a lot of, um, advancements. I mean, you know, when you have two solid weeks and then a lot of people, when there's only one day to vote, uh, they find excuses. You know, they can't get out of work or there's too much traffic. They've got every, every, every, every excuse is now. I think you can get a big turnout. Thank you, I hope. Thank you. Thank you. Good job. We done it all the way around. You voted yes and pro before we voted for Kerry. And it's quite a radical. I read by Doug Thompson. I agree with most of what he put in there. But the fact that the matter was you got it. You got a choice. I mean, one of these people is going to be the president of the next four years. And, uh, Kerry's got to be light years ahead. I mean, it gives there any contest. Is it even close? No. But an intellect, a man who, uh, you know, had some balls. A man who went and served for his country while the other one was draft. I'd be going with his, uh, heartless vice president, who's busy. I'm going to pick it on there. You may, you may, you should die. You can there. Pick it on there. Yeah. They keep showing the clip by the way. The interview with him and his wife. Where he was the one that brought it up in the first place months ago. Acon April. About how his daughter was a lesbian. And it's well known that she's a gay leadership. And that's why he disagrees with Bush on the anti gay marriage amendment. And people ought to be able to do whatever they want. And that's okay for him to say it. It was okay for John Edwards to say it. But I'll be because they had nothing else. That's what they're reduced to when he's last two weeks. And here's this guy who's so liberal misjudgments by scobernous. And on one hand, and then on the other hand, we got, uh, they called my daughter a die. And that's it. That's a hell of a, after four years in office, those are too fantastic things to really be running on. He's a bad man. He's too freaking liberal. Oh, there's bubble. He's going to campaign with the Kerry and Philadelphia next week. Did you see that? I did. That's good. He's coming from Chappaqua. He's going to crank up his heart. He's going to steal the Chinese pacemaker just in case. WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, man. I can't believe I got you. Okay. I got four things. First of all, rules. You have four things, huh? Four things. Number one, coach George, or you yourself, just hear the movie saved. It's really, it's going to take a back to us, you. Uh, nothing but good things about it. Yeah, we'll be saying. I'll save. Yeah. We're so many more. She's off in minutes. Number two. You've got to talk about men. I'm a men three because I'm studying to be a nurse and you have to talk about it. It's very important for the healthcare. Very important. Number three, I saw. Well, what do you mean is very important for healthcare? What does that mean? Well, if they keep suing for a lot of money, then a lot of nurses are going to be around. And doctors are going to be, you know, a woman, a woman three about the, uh, Yeah, I'm always wondering this. Didn't append it, uh, the one that's proposed by the Florida Medical Association, right? Right. Right. Uh, number three. I saw fair height for an hype. 90, 11. It's almost a booth. Yeah. Yeah. And number four, keep going with the brothers. Keep going. And by the way, my brother, what are you on? Good game. Oh, holy, oh, by the way. Oh, hey, man. You know her. I know that one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 are the Verizon and singular wireless lines. I'm telling you this early voting thing. Florida, we're going to have 50 million people vote. Of course, we don't have nearly that many living in the state. That's okay. So anyway, yes, I digested the amendments and here it is. You want it? What do you mean you, digestion? I read the whole thing. What is it about? Wait, which one? All of them. Are you already facts me that? No, no, no, but I went through and uh, and here's the year's the run down. If you want to be real quick about it. Okay, go ahead. No one, one. No one, two. No one, three. Yes, on four. You're going to get our, our, who the, a friend there? I'm saying we said no one, three. No one, three. No one, three. Right. Yes, on four. Now, wait, what's, oh, four. Yes, four is the, uh, right. On the for education, the slots. Yes, on five, which is the guaranteed minimum wage amendment, which only brings all that does is bring Florida up to standard with federal law. Right. So that people can get minimum wage in Florida who don't normally. Yes, on six, which has repealed that really silly, but it's high speed real. The bullet train, oh, but we love the bullet. What's the pit we got on that? What is that cone? Oh, I don't know. It's a book of random. I know. I love that. You'll tell me to take it up to the seven second delay. Yes, on six, we already did that. Yes, on seven and yes, on eight. Seven is the patience right to know about adverse medical incidents. That's correct. They do have the right to know. Yes, they do. And so yes, on seven and eight. The public protection from repeated medical malpractice. So obviously the answer one of those yes. Yes. Okay. Says current law allows medical doctors who've committed repeated malpractice to be licensed to practice medicine in Florida. Guess what? I don't think so. So they want to change that, which just makes a little bit of sense to me. This amendment prohibits medical doctors have been found out committed three or more incidents of medical about practice for big licensed to practice medicine in Florida. I must say came from Cuba with phony ID. Is there a week that goes by that we don't find that there's somebody who's either practicing dentistry, cosmetic surgery, or open heart surgery. Yeah, who's not a very arbitrary. Right. Not a real doctor. I get in. I wonder if they do a lot of bottomies we could show you some help at QAM. WQAM hello. Did we get a group rate? QAM hello. Not there. WQAM. Oh, I know. Yes sir. I bet you're all in. Oh. Well, he gets on shorter and shorter every time. You know what? Just amazing. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Pretty good. How are you doing? Good. Just want to get great comment on that article. You just read by who the chaps and it was. Doug Thompson. Can you put that on your website? And if not, where do I find it? It's on there. What's on there now? Yep. Good. Good job. Thank you. You got it. It's on there. And so it goes to show you even though it rips carry and bush equally in ass. We just don't put articles on it. I'm actually most of the articles that we put on there are pro carry and ripping bush in ass. Well, the serve. But I read that thing and I thought well, I certainly agree with most of what he's saying there. It's a pretty peeper choice. We can't even say the first part of the peeper were there because joyously it all bad out of shape. We don't want to give joy. But it's the best we got. I still say I don't care what anybody says. Forget about the whatever the hell you said with the IQ of a symbol. But I still say there was the man right there and they made damn sure that he didn't have a Chinatmets Hanson Hill bullet train. Is that what it's called? Yeah. I love that bit. How long is it? It's about a minute. It's about a minute. It's about 10 minutes. Why am I sure? I'll just take the bullet train. Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes. On the Florida bullet train. Thanks to her well-received landslide boat. Now put in the bullet train. Oh, y'all hold your chest. Up up up up. And come on, dad. I just take the moderate off for some barbecue. When the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa, you items of this game day. When you can explore the tropical barrier reefs made entirely of Kyo-Bang-Dyo-It. Your whole confidence and compatibility of elected officials has finally paid off. Take the Florida bullet train. We traveled in for the mission of the Florida bullet train call. Wait a minute. Oh, wait. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Where is that article? I don't want to tell my son and then find out we didn't put it on there. We put it on there, Josh. Yes, I'm there. Um. Hey, much of a choice by Doug Thompson's right on there. It's that way down. We got a whole bunch of articles under today and much of Josh's just made. But nevertheless, it is on there. I'm the list. 1213 at 5.60 WQM right now. I'd like to tell you about our good friends over at guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach. With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, they helped out to listen to a virus and never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home. Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgage as he could get. And they were closely with him to determine which one was best and then they made it happen. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach. So, VTU can call him toll free. 1-800-734-6616. Whether they're looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate or one of many low-rated adjustable mortgages. guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach has exactly what you'll be needing. The offer payments is lowest 332 bucks for every $100,000 you borrow folks. guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach can make it happen for you too and not only will they do that, but they'll even send you on a cruise too. That's correct after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach. You'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruise's complements of guaranteed mortgage bankers. So, column right now toll free 1-800-734-6616. Whether you want to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage, these are the folks you want to be doing business with. Call 1-800-734-6616 or on the wicked web, you'll find them at guaranteed mortgage bankers.com. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach where they'll treat you just like family. Call 1-800-734-6616. Your little new Rogers exclusive lay on 565 to you and him. It's day all you buy every town. Oh, oh, oh, at 565. Oh, WQA. This is out... Oh... Franckon. No. No. On this segment of the Out-Frankin show for the benefit of my audience. That means all of you out there. I will attempt to fold balloons into the shape of animals. Now, can we have the atmosphere of the... Now you'll be amazed at how realistic the balloon animal can be. I'm not really sure. There. Now, does not resemble a poodle or a doxon? I'll let the audience decide. Give me a call to carry your thoughts on this and engage in open conversation. And that would make me call this thing again. A lot. Okay. We have a hard break for... Or is this a soft break? Oh, now I'll never know. Oh, wow. 20 past known at 5. 60 WQA. I'm happy we can compete with that. Oh, there's no hope. I know. Wait to hear this story. This one is going to set you topsy-turvy. Maybe you're going to love this. You're going to go crazy. I want to put my pants back on. Borsche relatives use websites to show support for carry. Okay. 6. 6 Blood relatives of President Borsche who support John Kerry's bid for the presidency have launched a website to publicize their sharp disagreements with Bush's policies. The site. In, we can put a link on our website to it. Okay. In fact, I would strongly recommend that. Okay. Bush relatives for carry.com. Pretty easy, right? Okay. W-w-w. Bush relatives for carry.com. Consistive personal statements from a group of decidedly liberal second cousins of the president. None of whom knows him personally. All our grandchildren of Mary Bush House, the sister of Prescott Bush that Nazi, the former U.S. Senator from Connecticut, and the father and grandfather of the two-poosh presidents. The introduction of the site opens with a slogan because blood is thicker than oil and states. As the election approaches, we feel it's our responsibility to speak out about why we're voting for John Kerry and to do our small part to help America heal from the sickness that's suffered since George Bush was appointed president in 2000. We invite you to read our stories and please don't vote for our cousin. Hillary House. No relation to former Tiger Katcher Frank House. Hillary House 39, a third year law student at the University of Washington put together the site with a participation of three or six siblings. Sheila House. Tracy Cannon and Chris House. Oh, let's take it to the house. Before our children of Mary Bush's son Francis House, the turret now deceased who taught English at a prep school in Connecticut. It was the first president of former president George 800 Walker Bush. Jeannie House and Henry Kinsey House, two children of other Mary's, another Mary's son's James House also provided pro-Carrie testimonials. The website was put up in the Petta of the Kerry campaign, Hillary House, saying adding that an email she sent to the campaign about a month ago had been answered. Kerry campaign officials in Washington state and Washington DC said they were on a were the site, Leah Yoon spokeswoman for the Bush-Chainee campaign in Washington state to climb the comet about the site. They're entitled their opinions as American citizens. She said the odd yati. I'll spoke to them for the Republican National Committee. Hillary House said she got the idea for the site when she heard that Jeannie House a pastor in Wisconsin and briefly spoke to the Massachusetts Senator at a carry of an after we noticed her waving a Bush relative for Kerry sign. According to Hillary and her sister Sheila 49, a mental health counselor in Harwich, Mass, when Jeannie explained the house family connection to the Bush's and said they were nonetheless enthusiastic about voting for Kerry that if her Democratic nominee took them as suggested they start a website. Jeannie House declined a comment and her statement on the site she denounces what she describes as Bush's imperialist cabal and stated that her understanding of Christianity based on a concern for peace and social justice was not compatible with the work conservative brand of Christianity and braced by the right wing lunatic president. All the house family members writing on the site are sharply critical of the president. The story of the house said she didn't feel comfortable telling friends that acquaintances of her family connection to the president given this conservative views until putting up the website which was completed about a week ago. I was very quiet about my family relationships. She said I was really really embarrassed to be related to the president. How do you like that? And who the hell can blame that? Lamer. That poor nice lady. We're going to say a bit. So there you go. That's excellent. We got that honor yet within minutes. Relives were Kerry. Whatever the hell was.com. Smoking. Now Pat Robertson was with Paul Zahnlais. I was unfortunate enough to see that for about three minutes in between any of the baseball game. And I saw that the grinning boom ball on there. I thought to myself, what the hell are they dragged his ass out there for again? But it turns out that it was a good thing they dragged his ass out. You want an awye? Why? Pat Robertson says, Bush told me there would be no casualties in Iraq. Yeah. He warned Bush of the toll in Iraq and the president's response were not going to have any. A war where nobody's going to die. How do you like that? Not that this president don't know nothing about nothing. He's a chicken hawk. Right? The founder of the US Christian Coalition said yesterday he told President Bush before the invasion of Iraq that he should prepare Americans for the likely that of casualties, but the president told him. We're not going to have any casualties. Not even at Abu Ghara. Not even there. Pat Robertson and Arden Bush, the reporter said he had that conversation with a president in Nashville, Tennessee, before the March 2000s. Re invasion. He described Bush in the meeting as the most self-assured man ever meant in my life. You remember Mark Twain said he looked like a contented Christian before aces. I mean he was just sitting there like I'm on top of the world Robertson said on the polls on now show. And I warned him about this war. I had deep misgivings about this war, deep deep misgivings. And I was trying to say, Mr. President, you've been up and prepared the American people for casualties. Robertson said the president then told him, oh no, we're not going to have any casualties. The number by the way last time I checked was 113. Well, God told him there wouldn't be any. Right. Well, God lies because God also, if remember, months ago, told Pat that the election was going to be a blowout. He mentioned this last night. Now he says it's going to be nippin' tuck tight. Tides of which is asked. That's what he said. Robertson, the telepensialist who sought to be a public and presidential nomination in 1988 city, which is Bushwood and Mithamist, theyx made. I mean, the Lord told me it was going to be a disaster and be messy Robertson said meaning the war. I warned him about casualties. How do you like that? I'm going to read those two sentences again. I'm reading you as troops have died. The other 8,000 been mooted in the ongoing campaign with a casually told significantly increasing last six months. As the insurgency there has deepened. Asked why Bush has refused to admit the state center, Rak Robertson said, I don't know this politics game. You know, you can never see your wrong because the opposition grabs onto it. See he had meant any screwed up. You just can't do that. Ha ha ha ha. Even Pat Robertson says we're dealing with a dumb-o. Although, of course, he's supposed to entwist. He's supposed to be a liberal senator for Massachusetts. Right? Right. 26 past nine at five, 16 WCM. It's good thing we had that extra 15 or 20 minutes today because we got a lot of crap here. Man got crap up to my earlobes, including the one from rolling stone that I like to best help. I'm stone who should I vote for. I should move that up on a pot. Yeah, you should. I should. I moved that up. During the lunch hour, it'd be perfect. Can we get that on there, by the way? Josh? Yeah, it's going on right now. It's going on right now. Help, I just don't want to say that I vote for. He didn't say what was going on. Huh? What's going on right now? Josh is going on right now. Going on. I'll see the problem with it is it's 45 pages long. And I didn't obviously print out the only the first part that I wanted on there. The first two pages. So that might have thrown you a little bit off. But nevertheless, he'll check it out and he will get that on there. Trust me. 27 past noon at five, 60 WQM with all the hurricane mess we had in September. Armstrong Ford a homestead must clear out all remaining workforce to make room for the 2005. You'll save lives as expeditions, chronic torsive focuses mustings too. Every O for under lot, every single one of Armstrong Ford a homestead has been dragged to the reduced and you will literally save thousands. Plus Armstrong Ford offers lots more to its low customers when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford. You'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct. Tires and batteries for life. The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't even stop there because right now they're giving you a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you'll be buying. If you've been wanting a new car but putting it off weight no longer because David rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price. And don't forget they're locally owned and operated they'll treat you just like family. No bait and switch, no BS, no hide in your keys, credit cards, all that stuff. No phony deals just the best prices in town. Armstrong Ford a homestead 307 25 South Dixie highway. Just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on at wickedway at Armstrong Cars.com and drive a little and save a ton of thousands on that new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of Homestead. You're a seasoned real ruggers. Congratulations on the price of Dixie. You A.M. God! We don't intermica in the town of B.M. Take on babies and girl, catch whoever's seen. Ask anybody in that neighborhood. They tell you this country where the country goes. Rastoman has some he want to sell. And from a mile away you can't detect these metal off-schools. Stoke can't just smoke. Spick a dozen eat any foreign bait. A American tourist home here and say, Got nothing like this in the US, they smoke. Stoke can't just smoke smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke can't just smoke. Smoke all right. The country could bark. On the tell us on you are at our stop man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you hear. Are you sure? And if we put on the air from miles around. The biting river you bite the ounce and it out. Rastoman said to her, I'm all right. They can't just be good tonight and then they smoke. Stoke can't just smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. Smoke can't just smoke. Smoke can't just smoke. They can't just be good. Six out of nineteen votes on the poll. Javan. Which of these are groups most most? Squarespace deal with people as individuals. No, that's right. Born again, Christians, 211, wedding hands down. There's nothing even close to them. They're obnoxious and disgusting and try to always push it off on you. And they stick it, etc. Just take it back home and leave us alone. Okay, just take over like Dorothy Coders somewhere. Get out of our face. Who are you belong? Republicans 96. I hate everybody 61. Cuban 60. Dumb people 31. Haitians 24. I like everybody 21. So you see that? I like. Oh. Oh. We heard of the African Americans 20 New Yorkers 19. Jews 19. French Canadian 17. They are. Oh, man. Are they disgusting? You think the French Canadians said, well, I guess they come from Quebec. Oh, brother. Totally a couple of weekends ago. I went to Montreal to the casino. Great casino. Beautiful place. And it reminded me of South Florida. Beautiful place. But just to the wrong people there. Great place. Horrible people. Anyway, French Canadian 17. Red Nix 15. Muslims 14. Catholics 5. And you make it only five. Mind. Well, that's because they don't want to piss off their drug dealers. Speaking of that, what is the great facts from Andy, which I'll get to eventually a couple minutes. Do you read it? Yes, I did. Pretty good stuff. Oh, and how come it is that you remember before they award, they were saying, oh, well, we got to be very careful because Sonoma is going to attack our troops. He's going to use those chem, as they close it a bag dead, they're going to get attacked with those chemical and biological weapons. Remember that? Right. And then there was this great chalk about, oh, gee, that didn't happen. Why? Because he didn't have any. Oh, Connie lies. Oh, see what they're doing in that up again. They already found everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Also, I'm just going to gas our troops and he's going to use those chemical and biological weapons as he gets desperate and cornered it. Well, guess what? He didn't have any. He'll come in there. Anyway, this is from a rolling stone. And the reason I guess we didn't see Josh's referring to the other story. I just read about the Bush brothers getting on their good job. But I was talking about the help I'm stone. Who should I vote for? From high times? Oh, no, that didn't go on there. That was the link you sent to me. It was weird. Yeah, well, the promise it's 45 pages. I guess you have no way of extracting like the first two pages out of that and cutting it off at that. Yeah, good call. So I'll just read the first two pages. How's that? There. Or I'll just read all 45. I just printed out the first two. It's the important part. It says, who help? I'm stone. Who should I vote for? Short answer. John Kerry. Long answer. If you liked the job George's WVO should do his present. You should go ahead and vote for him. But if you ask high times, that's a bad idea. We think he lied about Iraq being a war-class resort and that's too big a lie to let pass. Now, maybe you have faith in the president and don't think he would lie about a war fair enough. The first stop had to think about America's other war. The one we're fighting in losing Colombia. The one that targets in the rest can't surpasses his gunpoint. The one that's filling out filling our for profit prisons. The one that's denying first offense nonviolent post-mokers college loans. The one we know to be nothing but a big lie. That's going to be bigger and bigger since Nixon first took it as part of his election campaign in 68. The war on drugs. Let's say it plain. The war on drugs is bullshit. And, of our acclesion, now more than ever, the war on drugs is bullshit. Every dollar the Bush administration has spent on television ads, claiming pot smoke is for 9-11, or paying Tommy Chong's rent. Is one dollar less spent to secure a port, but body armor on a soldier or hunt down with some of it in law. This seems obvious until you remember that the drug war is not about reality. It's not about winning. Everyone knows it can't be won, but it can continually sustain the drug warriors. People like Bush's drugs are John Walters who consistently claims that marijuana is more dangerous than heroin. In the 1980s, John Kerry exposed the hypocrisy of these drug warriors, while serving on the set of former relations commission, he hit an investigation that turned a extensive evidence of drug deals involved in the CIA and the contra rebels in Ikhar Agua, evidence that pointed directly to the drug forearms hostages of scheme at the heart they ran contra scandal. Kerry wasn't afraid to take on the dirty dealers who won our nation's corrupt drug war, just as he took on the corrupt masters of war in the Pentagon after returning from duty in Vietnam. And in the other corner, wearing red trunks, we have George W. Bush, who took the easy way out of name, supporting the war he would let someone else fight with little help from daddy's friends. After securing W. Spodin the Champagne unit of the Texas National Guard, Bush's father would go on to head the CIA during its freewheeling 70s days of military coups, and international Marcotta's dueling, and was promoted to Vice President by the time the agencies' Comfort connection was exposed by John Kerry. Meanwhile, both juniors spent the first half of the 80s getting wasted, perhaps on some of his father's contra coke, and the second half letting daddy's rich friends bail him out of failed businesses and making him managing general partner the Texas Rangers. Now he's our president. Last year, 700,000 people arrested for pardon the U.S., and Bush's justice department continued to raid state sanction medical marijuana gardens at gunpoint. John Kerry has promised to end the raids on medical marijuana gardens immediately, and will have a policy toward marijuana and other drugs that make sense. The alternative for more years of Bush's continuing disaster for the rights of Potsmokers, many other Americans, but don't take our word for it, and it's got a link to other articles, for example. Kerry's marijuana experiment that democratic presidential nominees be sought in support of a groundbreaking proposal from the University of Massachusetts's Amherst to grow marijuana for FDA for medical marijuana research. John Kerry to Rolling Stone said, September 2003 said, I've met plenty of people in my lifetime who've used marijuana about to save them out of some people drink beer or wine or have a cocktail. I don't get to excited by any of that. Kenneth Straub, former director of normal, says there is no question that marijuana reform policies would be better served with someone else and office other than George Bush. Ethan Navalman, executive director of the drug policy alliances, but it comes to the drug war, the Bush administration is a disaster. The marijuana policy project who created Kerry A. Minus on marijuana policy said, Kerry would stop the DEA raids on seriously ill medical marijuana patients as president. Kerry has previously said he favors federal legislation to allow people with cancer aids and other serious illnesses to have medical marijuana with their doctors approval. Normal.org says as a senator, Kerry has been supportive of statewide medical marijuana reform efforts in the Somes State of Massachusetts. He praised legislation to prove by the Massachusetts legislature in 1996 that South West Applechet medical, I am in this ill marijuana therapeutic research program and most recently wrote a letter to the DEA in support of a university of Massachusetts Amers proposal to manufacture marijuana for FDA approved medical marijuana. We say it goes on and on on high times dot com if you want to look up the whole article is 45 pages long. High times dot com. Got it. I got it. I'm sure you do. You are listening to me. Roger. It's glucidly. On five six. Two eight. Two eight. Push. I'm out. I guess not. I supported Bush after that tragic day. And two months of price. This cousin, Jim. He met the soldiers in the maiden get away. And shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein. We're not you. I ain't high ground. They're not the ones for without us. What's going on? We're all just about. We're working high back. The men's conductors are having a bomb. As high as red three of them. The morning, the one to body problems. And only just become poor. They are G.E. And hello, Berton. We literally standing our kids to die. And the ruling mudwards still support this guy. In advance, they jump to police must people reason one. They may be George Floyd, his Jesus Christ. We're on your part. We're on your part. We're not the ones for without us. What's going on with this guy? We're on your part. We're on your part. Boy, George, why do you hate so many things? They should. You know, it's hard work. It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work. We've got a lot of hard work. I see on the TV screens how hard it is. Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. Just got to fades off and do a Netherlands. 1246. That was for George. Because you like it so much the first time. That's great. Anyway, I just mentioned this for anybody out there who is thinking of voting for Ralph Nader. Don't. In 2000 in the state of Florida, Ralph Nader got 97,000, 48-ed votes. Push allegedly won when they stopped the count at 537. Okay. Nader got 97,000. The percentages in Florida in 2000. Because they pulled the anator people. 47% of the people said if they didn't vote for Nader, they would have voted for Gore. 21% for Bush and 30% said they wouldn't have voted at all. Does it take a genius to figure out that if two thirds of the votes that he went to Nader that's, uh, be 60,000 is a little more than 537 that Gore would have voted for. And in this year's polling so far without Nader on the ballot, those people who plan on voting for Nader, 51% said they would prefer Kerry, 23% said Bush and 25% said they wouldn't vote at all if Nader were on the ballot. So the same thing's going to happen again, possibly and very probably very likely if you idiots go out there. See, you know, those people are just like Nader himself. That's why they will take time because they're stubborn. They're like stubborn meals. Rounds with fools. Here's a facts from J.P. lawyer listener who says as we sit in our churches on Sunday from the pulpit comes a booming voice espousing all the reasons why George W. Bush is the candidate for Christians. And the Christian churches all over this country every single Sunday that offense for the war in Iraq is it will spread Christianity throughout the world. And you know what I said wasn't too long before we got in there that we had our Getskies going over there already? I know. Yeah, the missionaries. Uh-huh. Who spent a lot of time in the missionary position. Anyway, J.P. says have an equation of my whole life and I am today. But if the God that I worship approves of killing women children and elder men not to mention Americans, and if that God approves of removing fathers from their children, sons from their mothers and husbands from their wives for the sole purpose of spreading Christianity in the Middle East, and that's not my God. It's truly said, it walks these poor souls sitting in the pews on Sunday clapping and approving the words that come from a simple man's mouth. Religion is crept into their souls and distracted their capacity to think for themselves. The great study is exploring your find that no God approves of this madness wake up Christians in the music who say it's. When asked to name one single thing, Bush is done for the good of the whole of this country, the church going, a Bush supporting Christian darted Yale, a foot darted forward in the old. This is a war about spreading the word of those who need it most. Dear God, I pray you don't bless this crusades as J.P. Dear God. I got to get a hold of that. What are these days? The else? Huh? I could email it to you. What am I going to do with it then? That's right. We should have, what's his name? Fix it, come up here. I'll burn the mess of my board. No thanks. And the fact is, and says, hey, Neil, I'm sending you this fact to inform you of a conversation I had with my father-in-law. He's the type of person that sits in front of the couch all day and watches television. That's basically his only source of entertainment since he doesn't listen to finger or fairly all day. As a result, he watches Fox News all day long. Oh my God. I had a conversation last night with him. He asked me who I was voting for, which left me quite bitter once we were done. These Republicans are so blind that the idea of George Bushen is not to regime that they live by it and swear by it. If George Bush were to say, I'm going to end the world tomorrow because it's good for all Americans, most Republicans would say, you know, what could idea? They don't think. They're machines with the ignorance button jammed. All this man was talking to me about the whole time was how great George Bush is and how John Kerry's a communist. Were Cubans so that topic always comes up with any democratic president for some reason. He's said that if John Kerry were elected, Fidel Castro would roll down A1A with a fat cigar in his mouth and no worries. At least we'll get about a cube anyway. Which in reality, bottles of the mind have someone can actually think like that. He was also stating that it's the right thing to send all our troops to Iraq because we're defeating terrorism that way. When we already the troops should have spent more time here protecting our home than go off and fight for a pointless cause, he kept repeating how we should keep sending American Afro-American to Iraq to get the job done, basically till the drag comes round. The hymn there's nothing better than that. There is no other way for these people that have simplistic mouse-like minds, would know we'll capacity and think for what will truly benefit the greater good. It's sad how all Republicans have forgotten the real reason why we're at war, where war because we have to defeat the terrorists to attack our homeland, Osama bin Laden, not Saddam Hussein and his weapons of mass destruction. Is our recall when we were part of the Gulf War we took down almost every Iraqi plane they owned, almost every bit of our terror with destroyed. So what threat? What weapons of mass destruction? The nerve gas he used on his people? Well good because he's not the only dictator of a country who did that stuff that was people, plus don't forget Andy, we give him the gas in the first place. We encourage them. There are plenty of these dictators, I was trying to get all these points across that it was worthless. We need to listen to them because they won't listen to us. We are weak, Bush is strong. There was no whole PS. He's an atheist. Ha ha ha ha ha. His father lost an atheist. A atheist for Bush. That's like Jews for Bush. That's like, as farch as for a David Dube. Yay. For Bush. Thanks for what's the guy out in Topeka Kansas, Fred Feltbs? Yeah. Hey, listen to you. We haven't had a pizza he likes the best. I give up. Tombstone. Oh, I'm reading too much, but I'm enjoying it. I'm just filming at the mile. You go, girl. Okay. We could take a few calls if we had it, but they're too busy either. Mesmerized. We're going to get that one there. Yeah, but that's line six you know what that is. QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. So was there any doubt? I mean, I told you I had 20 minutes. I've been reading all this over half an hour maybe and this is one bozos that were ringing and who else would be on there? A retard, you know, a mental image. By the way, how's the pros and cons of black coming sweet heart? Um, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump. I don't hear hardly any women at all. Now we're all how you're week one last week when I was on vacation. They're like two or three, you know. Yeah, they're just gone. I don't know what to deal with with. Maybe there are busy organizing protests or something. I don't know what to do. Remember back during the Ailyon days? I keep thinking about that. That was hate. Let's have another pot luck supper to plan our strategy or strategy for what for a freight and cuban. Ha ha ha ha ha. That was incredible. Well, at least it gave Ms. Cunc something to do anyway. Let's have a barbecue and. Right. Right. There you go. WQAM. Hello. But I hope it's circumspect. Yes, sir. How you doing? I just left early following. Yes. And my first question was, could you go anywhere you wanted to vote the county? And they told me, yes, though. I was waiting now and half of that left. Right. But they give you the sample ballot that explains all the amendments. So you just surprised when you walk in there. Right. And that people should do their homework before they walk in. Otherwise they're going to be a different forever and a day to vote. I think I think that everybody, you know, who really wants to vote, just go by one day. Pick this up. Take it home and study. Then go and make an educated. Right. Because it's like they got to go to the track. It opens the racing form in front of the teller with 30 seconds to post time. And he's studying the form. And you should do your homework ahead of time. So when you go in, it's like one, two, three and a time. So what will make you so ludicrous is you're here about most of this until the week. Just beating up to the end. To be that was non there. But just just a little minor mistakes like that. You know, you can see how just if you complete a computer glitches by those old bitches, you're bitches. Yeah. Computer bitches. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I tell you, so the broader county court house where they have. They're really voting going there. Right. They are out to door voting must be 3035 people online. And lots of carry buttons and supporters being passed out there. Got to pray. Did you vote on number four, Prop 4? Which ones have been up at Gambling? Yeah. I want every kind of Gambling possible. Yeah. Okay. Our kind of guy. Thanks a lot, pal. Good. Yeah. I mean, this business is a wild Gambling is evil. We got, I've put it this before. It's so stupid. We got every kind of Gambling in Florida. There's any other state in the country that's got as many different forms of gambling. You have per mutuals. You got dog racing, you got high lie, you got harness racing, throwback racing, all of these things. Plus you got the Indians there with their casinos, rake it in the dough and we're not getting any of that. And not always education, not getting any of it. The state isn't benefiting a way shape or form from that. They're rake it in money hand over fist over lip wrist. So let's get with it. Yes, on Prop 4 and certainly no one's fight of our good young friend to call before I played our nurse friend. Yeah. Just vote not like our Orthodoxy. We're listening to Neil Roger. Sorry, don't worry. I'm five six six. You're eight. David. David. This is General Richard Miner. Oh, hi, General. How could I help you today? But now, we got some mob pictures coming out to the apartment in a fence with like a CBS not to show those on the actual television. Well, Mr. You would have his heart fed on showing you had peace this. I understand that, but I'm asking you nicely the first time. Well, I'm afraid we can't help you. I'll just one other thing. You know, mind. We must have. I'd like to hear the Neil Roger's one that you are. On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again. Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true. Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members get a brand new liver. Everybody gets a liver. I'm not going to get a liver. Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new UV alarm. Everybody gets a brand new UV. Everybody gets a brand new UV. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot monkey. The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Oprah, giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for it even though she could easily afford to. Everybody gets a new liver. Everybody gets a new liver. We're alone. We don't want it to be 60WKM. Don't forget to enjoy George McGill and Booker Brian 5-7-7. For happy hour, Treasure Island located right off the pulmetal. Just know that they have 122nd Street as it's stuck by to win some embarrassingly cheap prizes. Check out this way, feature the Rift's Norton Stephanie Evans. She's the ping pong lady, right? Boying balls, watermelons, come quats, water. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Raise the high potential numbers. Govka. Somalia. Swallowers. If Hy Lords expects that they will not choose one's 50 stun. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. Swallowers. and poor for the embargo against Castro's Cuba, and has been saucyying up his broken English with English speeches with broken Spanish. On August 27th in Miami, he said, last weekend we're continuing to implement our strategy of law-very-dough the truth. To see a curious speaking French, by the way, that audience of Haitians here today? No. He speaks fluent French. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, he's a breed eating liberal from us. Right, that proves it. Probably its French fries too. And French toast. Thanks to Bush's man, a lot of new regulations limiting travel between the US and Cuba-significant political divisions have taken root among here to four reliably Republican-Ocubian Americans. As a consequence of the free policy changes, if reduced by Bush's commission for assistance to a free Cuba, Cubans would grow news to visiting family on La Isla at least once a year can now see the relatively only once every three years. The commission also plays new restrictions on remittances, money's family sent from the US to other countries, and changed the definition of which family members are eligible for both visits and remittances, dismissing the Latin American sense of family, which includes distant relatives and favorory and more waspish North American one, which emphasizes spouses, sons and daughters, parents and siblings. These policies have divided the Cuban political family, by dividing the Cuban genealogically a genealogical family. When the president arrived recently, Miami-Arguina deliverers speech aimed at sure enough support among older, more conservative Cuban Americans, greeting him outside where a group of younger, highly educated, 2030 and 40 something Cuban American protesters. waving American and Cuban flags and placard saying, Bush don't divide the Cuban family, remember as a group such as Cuban Americans for change, which opposes the travel and remittance restrictions with the same single might in this that has long defined the political culture, centered in fake Spanish colonial streets of Lillavanna. For them, the family crisis has supplied to the embargo, and as a result, the 40 plus a year embargo based unity fostered by aging ex-alpatriarchs and CIA operatives that are coming on glued. The once monolithic wall of Cuban American politics is cracking. Can you hear the crack? Oh, that was. They were smoking. The election year of volatility of KO, which opaletics was previewed during the LN Gonzalez affair, which galvanized Bush and gorgeening Cubans around the old-guard Republic and embargo politicals to help Bush depict we in 2000. But the alien saga was only the most public seen in a political drama that will reach its climax when USborn Cubans in those who migrated after 1980 come to full political maturity as they register in vote of the next decade. It's already clear that the division between those who wanted to find the Cuban family by continuing and tightening the embargo, and those Cuban Americans wanted to unite the family by removing the embargo is permanent unlike the ones in movable institutions that built Cuban American power. The Cuban American National Foundation was once the star chamber of mommy politics back when it housed the desk of late Jorge Moscarosa, who's distraught in the White House and helped shape U.S. policy around Cuban the rest of Latin America. Moscarosa also held a hand in selecting people for crucial positions from local and state officials to the head of the Parfola and American desk of the State Department. Today, Castro foe, Joe Garcia, former head and current member of CA and F, outlines the new contours of KO, to a real politics. We're not single-leash any more, and we care much more about things just in the embargo. Garcia has been outspoken about what he feels as they short-sighted in this to the Bush administration's Cuban policies. I think that what Bush has done best is to refine how he says Viva Cuba Libre in order to produce a short-term psychological effect that inspires people like by grandmother who was just placed from her home, displaced from her family, displaced from her culture, displaced from her country, he says. And her refrain heard with greater frequency along Kai-o, Joe Garcia adds, unfortunately for the Republicans many have heard this four years ago, and know that it means nothing beyond November. Changing on Kai-o, Joe, baby. I would like to see, would you like to see Fidel, Dr. Lone, the A1A with a big fat one in his mouth? Big fat one. Gary Young writes, in the Guardian, or it's that the left wing Guardian, you know? Oh yeah, well, we're just sending all of that great propaganda to Ohio, and I hope they continue it. Suppressed to vote by any means necessary. He says in the 60s, police dogs and billiclubs kept black Americans from the polls, today's methods are more refined. He said there's nothing like George Bush. Let me try it again. There's nothing George Bush likes more than they're still in the virtues of democracy in faraway places. And October 8 during the second presidential to Lady Promise, freedom is on the march, tomorrow Afghanistan will be voting for a present. Apparently, some Afghans enjoyed the new freedom so much they voted for the U.S. surrogate Hamid Karzai several times over, after the ink used to mark powder that voters' stumps were off. At the middle of the day, all 15 of Karzai's challenges had withdrawn, freedom was not even limping, let alone marching. Today's election is not a legitimate election, said Ubbul Satar Sarat, after he and other disgruntled candidates had met in his house, Bush's national security advisor Condoleezer Rice knew better. This election is going to be judged legitimate, she said, I'm certain of it. When it comes to fixing elections, the Bush administration has a way of making the lame walk. By Monday, an ex-adulted poll funded by the West government conducted by the International Republican Institute, which has listed the Republican Party, revealed Karzai's Accountable winner. After diplomatic armed twisting by the West ambassador, the 15 challenges would do therewithdrawals. It was a miracle. A few days later, the final presidential debate, Bush would literally claim divine intervention. If at QNF Afghanistan, I believe that the freedom there is a gift from the Almighty, he said. Back in the U.S. however, the Almighty seems far less generous. Bush's enthusiasm to export democracies not match by his desire to defend it at home. We just have the fortnight to go to the presidential election, efforts to obstruct and deny the vote, especially in black and Latino voters are intensifying. 40 years after the Civil Rights Act enshrined the franchise in the Constitution of African Americans, freedom is being crippled. The group most likely to serve in a rack in Afghanistan, where they are sensibly outstanding democracy in freedom, African Americans, is most likely to be denied rights here in the U.S. There's nothing new in this contradiction in the Cold War when the U.S. led through the eastern block on the delights of democracy, black Americans couldn't vote. The issue of disenfranchised, disenfranchised, but doesn't affect only minorities, the use of electronic voting in many states using machines that leave no paper trail, as sent confidence that a fair election is likely or even possible into free fall. Once dismissed as the obsession of conspiracy theorists, Fira Fraud is now mainstream. When your vote be counted as the cover of Newsweek, election protests already started, Fraud intimidation led in key states as he was stated a front page. The former employee of a company heard by the Republican Party to register voters in the vatices who was told a throw-dever-cratt registration forms away. And last January, the Republican Ellen Bogdan off only seen Flores Senate by just 12 votes out of almost 11,000 cast. According to state law, there should have been an automatic recount, more over 137 votes emerge blank, but because the voting have been done by a machine that was nothing to recount, Bogdan off took the seat, the machines will be used the same ones and over a second. Sometimes these efforts bear the official imprematur of local officials. Given that a buckle in Florida four years ago, you would think the governor, Bush's brother, Jim, will be anxious to ensure that anyone who wants to can vote. It's steady-synth produced rule that registration forms should be rejected, if a citizenship box is not complete, even when people are cited both on the same form declaring themselves to be US citizens. Meanwhile, or how is Republican Secretary of State, Kenneth Blackwell attended with force of rule by which only registration cards printed on heavy 80 pound paper stock would be accepted, claiming lighter cards might be shredded by postal equipment, meaning that voters who have to re-register on heavy or paper might not make it on time. And last summer, the chief executive of Dive Older Which makes many of the voting machines said, he was committed to helping Ohio deliver its local votes to Bush. African Americans were randomly principled, targeted, Republican campaign to block the voter like the 60s when black Americans were barred from the polls by police dogs, water cannons, and billiclubs, the means today are more refined. Occasionally, the masked slips. In July, John Papa George, Michigan's Republican State Legislator told a Republican meeting, if we do not suppress the Detroit vote, we're going to have a tough time in a selection cycle. Detroit is 83 percent black. It doesn't take a genius to work out whose votes he was keen to suppress. So far, it's been mainly a mix of petty harassment and bureaucratic pedantry devised to imitate newly registered and poor voters, a huge proportion of whom are black and Latino. Take Florida. According to the Washington Post, African Americans in Republican run Duval County, where the most likely, to have their registration forms rejected, while rejections for Democrats outnumbered Republicans by 3 to 1. In 2042 percent of ballots rejected by Duval County election board came from mainly black areas. In Ohio, Mr. Blackwell also told election boards that anyone who turned up at the wrong polling station would not be able to cast a professional ballot to be a verified later, the Democrats successfully sued saying that the ruling would disevantage minority and poor voters who tended to move more often. It isn't difficult to fathom what is driving these efforts, which are being reprecated throughout the country, the best indication of how an American will vote is race. More than 80 percent of African Americans voted Democrat in the last election, incapable of persuading them to vote Republican Republicans now see to prevent them promoting Democrat. This task is become especially urgent because voter registration recently ended many states, revealing that the voter rules in black and Latino areas have swole in the far greater numbers than Republican precincts. Between the last election and August this year, almost 200,000 official black voters were registered just in Florida. So while these attempts are clearly racial in nature, they were essentially partisan in motivation, but apologies to Malcolm X about winning by any means necessary. Republican support democracy when democracy supports Republicans, but they're equally happy to do it without it when it's inconvenient. It's always true abroad for Venezuela and Icaragua, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, now it's true at home from Detroit to Duval County. Freedom is on the retreat and the man who assumed office four years ago thanks to thousands of this in private disenfranchised black voters is again leaving the charts. I think that I see just makes me laugh out. Who this be the stuff I'm smoking? Yes, it's the glass. Why is really classy? I'm home, no way to talk. Just now we've won. We've gone home, no way to talk. Somebody with that name. The endorsement also will put Schwarzenegger to the state Republican Party which officially opposes Prop 71 and perhaps with the Bush administration which has limited federal funding of the research to pacify the right wing party again, the lunatics, the fetus squeezers, the embryo huggers. Man, now what's this? Well, look at that, these are the top advertisers that have ads cushioned around the sinclerad. What? Do you understand that? I don't know. Ads cushioned around the sinclerad showed that they're going to show a Friday night on the out. Most not all of their affiliates by the way, they're going to carry it. Most now. They're back and off like they're back in line like crazy. Hit him in the pocketbook, maybe they weren't like hell. Let's see, RVs, what else? Circuit city, full-mark gun and pawn and Tennessee, Hanifer, Supermarkman, Portland. Huh? Somebody's are for local. Right, understand, Homek is credited in Des Moines. I am his pet food and Dayton, but I am his national product. Once upon a child, when Mark Minneapolis, most of the Flint Michigan right away, in Flint Michigan, I bet your Michael Moore's been excited about that. Yeah. U.S. Senator, oops. And that's not ours. No. And Watson's in Kansas City. That's interesting. We're doing the promised most of all, though. Maybe we want to put that on there. So people can click on these links and has links to the, um, you want them to do that? I can do that. So people can let the know how disgusting and grotesque and upset. They are all the way again. We just, I mean, the only one in Florida that I see on here is Fullmark gun and pawn and tell a Hancy. And there are a couple of national ones on here like Arby's in Circuit City. But anyway, if you want to find it, not that's okay too. I'll leave that in your fine hands. I'll just let it go. Well, we're fine. See, now, here comes, which I threatened to read this earlier in the day. And I keep putting it off. I have no idea why because this should, remember how many times I've told you that when I go to Europe, which is about how many times a year. And I watched CNN international over there that they really give you good news. I mean, they read more like the BBC. They don't suck up to the administration. They don't have debacle in Iraq. And it's like a different network. But again, you don't see that stuff domestically. Well, here's the tip off. By David Lindorf of Counter Punch, he said the scandal of George Bush's earpiece debate cheating device continues to grow. I just got to look at the full Fox tape of President Bush's May 04 joint news conference with French President Jacques Chirac. In that tape, as in several other tapes I've seen, Bush can be heard seemingly getting prompting from another voice. About 12 seconds in the piece, the leading voice says, and I look forward to working to and Bush comes in with, and I look, work in, and I look forward to work in to the verbal stuff of Mexico. This is no electronic echo or sound synchronization problem. At another point, about a minute and 16 seconds in the tape, the leading voice lets out a loud exhale of breath. Bush does not follow suit. There's no preceding voice when reporters heard asking a question Wednesday. Since writing my initial expos in Salon magazine, I was dead you drew the quest for an abuse by local, station news programs in Tachos host, all of whom gave the story serious coverage. But no calls from National Radio News programs not even NPR, which never did a piece only a commentary week late on its on the media program. On the big TV now, worse to start with handle is comic relief. It made Letterman, Letterman, and Comedy Central, but not the news programs, though they're the ones with a video archives which reporters should be combated on the part of the National Media? If it were just a matter of lousy newsjers, then it would be bad enough. But the fact that both the times of the post-author need to publish serious stories about the matter of the day to story broke, and that CNN saw this important enough there at on CNN International, shows that something far worse is going on, the deliberate deep-sixing of a story embarrassing to the president. The White House of the Bush campaign for their part continued dismiss questions about what Bush was wearing in the debates, and other questions, okay, since five from the story to the internet, or that the internet. In fact, this has been the case with many of the important stories about the Raccoon War and the Bush administration. The internet is proving to be where the real journalism is happening. Amen. David Lourndar, Lundar, which is why we put these stories on our website and why I spent all this time reading them and fumbling through them here on the show. Because if you expect to get the real news from CNN or Fox or MSNBC or the commercial networks, you can forget about it. As somebody I wouldn't know would say. You know who would say that? Who? Well, but got about it. Who are the netted? 26 past-what-in-five, 60 W.U.A.M.A. IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a tour on you financially, physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about those IRS problems that come back each morning when you wake up and maybe during night when you're having nightmares about them. CPA-G need buck wall to the buck wall tax firm will help end your IRS or our rest problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have IRS problems. Onitified potential criminal prosecution can all unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost on your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage, levial payroll taxes and penalties, you want to settle for a thousand less than you owe. If you need time to pay, whatever the deal is in your case, the buck wall tax firm can help you out. They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief for IRS harassment. Best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS you did the buck wall tax from handles, all meetings and discussions you don't even have to. So, column today and get yourself out of the hole called 954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800. Whether you're 10,000 or a million in IRS taxes, the buck wall tax firm can help you. column today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at IRSfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS not going to get that front door. 954-575-2800. Child obesity is a national epidemic, but how can you teach your kids healthy eating habits? It's easy with low carb Mr. Potato Head. Cool, low carb Mr. Potato Head's ears are made out of bacon and this feet are made out of hamtags. Yes, all the parts of low carb Mr. Potato Head are made from all the healthy foods your kids should eat. Put in eyes made from steak or a mouth made from pork loin. Do we get to eat the potato? No kids, that's carbs. That's why you should never eat vegetables or fruit or bread or dairy products. Yay! If you want your kids to grow up healthy, don't get them toys like bicycles or basketballs or basketballs find them low carb Mr. Potato Head. Well, the makers of little high-sand you'll plastic it. 132 at 560WQM. Here's the appulso far. What's your, what's in these groups? Bugs you the most? Born again, yeah. I hate everybody 71. He's in 32. New York is 31, which we thought would do better than that. African Americans 29. French Canadians 28. They are the worst. Oh God. The disgusting rude nasty. Anyway, Jews 26. I like everybody 25. Red next 24. Muslims 20. If you make in seven months and Catholics only five. Well, first of all, I mean, you know, most Catholics think it's all plus your crap anyway, right? It depends. They're their shapes. Well, separate Dennis. Let's see, what's this spatula just saying? It's becoming a parent, the final smear against carries, but it'd be more of yet, and I'm a war veteran, regime that is anti-bubbubbubbubbubbubbubbub. Well, you know what? That stuff is ancient history. Now, I mean, the fact that they even tried that in the first place, and has some success with it, is only attributed to the lack of education in America. And then nobody knows any history. But I think that crap that happened 30 years ago, I think it's a little bit too late for that by now. Anyway, Jim goes on to say, in 62, I was 17 and I was just like Bush. I didn't like the war by didn't like the early anti-war more of an either. I had caused deferments, and when they ran out, my father had afraid it was a career officer in the National Guard. He found an opening for me. I even remember what the establishment was saying to defend the position Vietnam. We have to fight the communist over there, they'll come here and kill us, son, for me. It was people like Kerry and Paro that helped legitimize the opposition of the war, and that's finally brought it to an end. It is of utmost importance that you and other responsible folks people work to get the whole story of Vietnam era, and Kerry's role on behalf of all of us at the end that were on the year, and after as many people were being lambasted by the Bush propaganda machine, we can't let Bush manipulate history just to justify our continued involvement in another wrong war. God bless America says, Jim, thank you, Jim, excellent point. Where is Jim? Jim is a somewhere. Well, he's right, and I don't know what else I could say. I mean, those of us who lived through it, it was a grotesque brutal war. We should have had no business being there in the first place. Other defend the building, National Corporations, that was what that was all about. Again, yeah, like the good year, Tyran rubber company, things like that. A lot of rubber over there. I mean, how can you have rubbers without Vietnam, right? But anyway, to make a long story short, as the 60s were on, and the hippies were a busy getting shot at Kent State, but finally they persevered in more and more of them in the early 70s and finally brought it to an end. But in was only, I think Walter Cronkite, as far as the media's concern, can finally be given credit. Why don't we have a Walter Cronkite today? I guess what, Dan, you ain't no Walter Cronkite. As you know, this is how quickly your horse wasn't his decision, but I'll quickly see me as back the way from that story that we're going to have on 60 minutes about the philonious reasons for the war in Iraq. A little bit of hell of a lot more important than the one that showed that they got all the heat for about the guard, which hereby knows that anyway. But nevertheless, and of course, it's very fashionable to talk about Hanway, Jane, and about Joe and Bias, and all these other commies, sympathizers, pink, O's and set of ones, so on. But all the atrocities, the media, I'm assicuable, these things are a part of history. They're well documented. We've put your thousands and thousands and thousands of people, 58,000 American kids came home and body bags in again for what? For nothing? For absolutely nothing. Based on the Gulf of Tauken resolution that was alive, so then in Johnson King or whatever in Flex's muscle, see Johnson would have gone down in history as a great president, would have died. Yeah. So the Republicans have succeeded very well in taking this word liberal, making it an authority word, the Pat Robertsons and the Jerry Phil, while all the other right wing Christian East is man, they've made liberal who, dirty word, what what the hell's wrong with that? And this article points it out very well. He says, wasn't Jesus a liberal? Liberalism has been under a self for years now, the bad wing of this grand political philosophies, all to the contemporary definition of liberal to the point that conservatives use it as a profane word. They use it to paint a political punas anti-God and anti-American. It's got to the point that moderate liberal Christians are afraid to be open about their political leanings, sadly it even affects their conscience and choices that they end up devoting both. This is especially probably the means of Christian evangelical minister who loves America. Liberalism is defined by weptures third new international dictionary, a political philosophy based on belief in progress, the essential goodness of a man, and the autonomy of the individual understanding for tolerance and freedom for the individual from arbitrary authority in all spheres of life. I'm not sure why anyone would feel threatened by liberalism is defined by the dictionary. They are apparently they apparently are unaware of simply refused to acknowledge the long history of liberals who have labored for the better benefit of society in the furthering of God's kingdom. The labor movement of the early 20th century was hated significantly when major Christian denominations got behind it. No average American would have a fair wage today if a weren't for liberal Christians and labor activists. Liberal Christians and civil rights activists fought and still fight against conservative America for racially quality. Trave labor laws were enacted because liberals fought for them. Medicare and Social Security existed a because of liberalism. Bleeding heart liberals have long advocated for the homeless, the hunt with the less fortunate that this in franchise. The women of America older rules are big thank you for their almost equal rights. Tree hugging liberals fight for clean air and water standards instead of favoring industrial polluters and short-term profitering that destroyed God's green earth. Liberals believe in affordable healthcare for all US citizens. They also believe in higher taxes for the rich and lower taxes for the Middle Affairs that is American politics. We better do the break it off and finish this when we come back. Way like men and they look like women. You think the end is swollen, huh? While leaning out there gun, whoa, why the hell? Why the hell? To know what Christians you were born. That's not true. Why the hell? To know what Christians you were born. See that standing peanuts in the town again and you. And hush it all down with a 12-packer prelude. Liber life aboard a pop-ter heaven you go. God only smile and find for me. 146 and 5 today. How many of you have? What? I want to hear the bell pepper. Yeah, I got a hurry man. I got to make my witness. Anyway, he didn't back to the end of this scary advanced article. Wasn't Jesus deliberately. Jesus was the ultimate liberal progressive revolutionary of all history. The conservative religious and social structure that he defied hated and crucified him. The examined his life and didn't like what they saw. He aligned himself with the poor and the oppressed. He challenged the religious orthodoxy of his day. He advocated pacifism and loving our enemies. He liberated women and minorities from oppression. He healed on the Sabbath and forgave a golden rose in prostitutes. He associated with drugs and other social outcast. He rebuked the religious right of his day because they embraced the letter of the law instead of the spirit. He loved sinners and called unto himself. Jesus was the original liberal. He was a progressive and he was judged and hated for it. It was the self-righteous religionist that he rebuked and he called him hypocrites. The primary issues of Christian liberalism were birthed when Jesus spoke to the profoundly prophetic words found in Matthew. The scriptures revealed God's hearts for the poor, the sick and other neglected people throughout our history. Matthew 31-46. Christians should read this text in judge for the results which are the two groups mentioned there more accurately reflecting political parties of today. His liberalism lives on that they and issues have not changed much. I'm glad the conservative Republican candidates advocate for the family and a few Christian issues, but we've got a quick pretending that through the only ones that Christians should consider voting for. People shouldn't call themselves pro-life if they're only anti-abortion and yet feel our twinge of conscience over the unforeapplication of capital punishment or warst law for dubious motives. A true pro-life position here is just as passionately for the born as the unborn and views war as the last resort when all other options are exhausted. Christians should look for candidates that will work for issues that are of importance to Christ and it can be tacky legislatively. Sadly, most of those causes have historically been opposed to ignore to minimize by conservative Republican policy makers. They seem to dangle the moral issues carried around election time. Then even with a Republican control by-thousand Congress prove themselves powerless to do anything about those issues when they convened to legislate. Issues such as eliminating poverty and homelessness in America, two equal rights for all citizens, environmental protection, a fair minimum wage, affordable health care, lowering our infant mortality rate, all go on attended just to name a few. I have some questions for the Christian right, why have you not held our current elected majority officials accountable for their failure to address the full spectrum of Christian issues? Why would you vote for them again? It's time for Christians of conscience to stand up to religious and political hypocrisy. Christians should probably proclaim progressive values today and should advocate for the Christian liberalism that is our heritage in our legacy. And, oh my god, hurry. Michael Mayo finally wrote a good call. It happens about once every how many years? I've heard man. About two, three times a year, Mike writes something because he's basically a sports guy that they share well off of the issue of the thing here. But at the Sun Sentinel, Michael Mayo writes, and yesterday's Sun Sentinel, election 2004 blunders and wanders to Nazis. Can he handle it? Amazing. He says, Brandis Nightsenter crew at the elections office have a whole year to get this 2004 presidential election right, and they blow it right out of the starting gate. So now we have problems again. If there are two phrases you want nowhere near each other, it's election problems in Broward County. By this point, after all, even through after the 2000 to buckle and myriam elephants reign of error, we were supposed to have solutions instead we have problems still. Nobody wants to hear excuses, and now we have to wonder with 15 days more of voting to go, how many more problems declarations excuses will there be? Last week, with the first wave of absentee ballots, the problem was committed to repostage information. On Monday, opening they have early voting in 14 Broward sites, it was a computer glitch. Small consolation at the glitch wasn't with the distrusted electronic machines. This involved the computer system that was supposed to transmit voter information between the election department nerve center and early voting sites. So on the first day of early voting, the first images of people waiting in not voting. That should fill everyone with confidence. We were all discussed and said clear stucc or of lottery of lakes. Stucker 81 went to a library in Tamarack to vote for gave up after an hour. You would think that would test everything beforehand to make sure it works, Stuccler said. At least work consistent, whether it's election systems or election supervisors or elections validating, Broward's motto is, if at first you don't succeed, try try again. Stuccler will try again today. We need to do a very loud blast of the song learned to fly by the food fighters. A rock group who's frontman despises Bush. A lyrical excerpt who was I swear I'm not making up. Hooked me up a new revolution because this one is a lie. You are the same thing for me, the Roger. It's crucibly. On 560, you and M. I don't think I ever said I'm not worried about a son of an island. It's kind of one of those exaggerations. Of course, we're worried about a son of an island. We're on the hunt after a son of an island. We're using every asset at a disposal to get a son of an island. I don't know where he is. Nora, I just don't spend that much time on it. I'll let you out of here. And again, I don't know where he is. I repeat what I said. I truly am not that concerned about him. The Middle Eastern World Will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nooks they're toasting at the right. We're just filling it over and over into our head. Daddy, rag, has some weapons of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. On our guard, we've exploited instead. Hate their loyal to be content. Going after sit down to play Kato's Zama. There's no longer mention of the name in Lodden. But no one sees concern, dull, and be in complacent, believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through media. I'm a nephews, an emperor. Right wing is filling it over and over and over to our heads. Daddy, rag, has some weapons of past destruction. The lost civil rights is the right that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash, property. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, Blime no pity and cattle don't have any reservations. Thou do provoke battle ends. World and violation, old regime must fall. And how the virgin is known, with no objection at all. Tell the crackstone have the fall, man. The right wing is filling it over and over and over to our parade. Watched hands, I rag, has some weapons of past destruction. We're all in a hurry, only I rag, has some weapons of past destruction. Good morning. Our nation is proud of all our workers, so I will double the number of people. They have lost manufacturing, textile, and other jobs. We must protect workers and small business owners from the family, friendly, fair, pro-growth system, and increase for the lawsuits that threaten jobs across America. With all these proposals, we'll provide American workers with a complicated mess. Filled with special interest, loopholes, and sadly, our people with more than six billion hours of paperwork and headache every year. Thank you for listening. Bye bye. Our staff, who the rockers is. We're all in the rock. You'll be able to get my image for the party. I just go get drunk. No!