I hear Harvey's green with enviage that I'm hearing. Yeah, with an HD radio digital signal. And who better than you guys coming in pretty good with all kinds of drugs and parents token time? My enemy Ford's mother gave up. He's wrapped the toll record here to get some real good stuff. Good thing. Oh, right. Shhh! Shhh! Shhh! Hey, there we go. Hey y'all, my name is Hans from Eugene Thomas. Friends of Bush's Harmony for the Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people that dare to think just off. I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. Yeah, they wouldn't have been a pinjoy. Yeah, maybe sing a song, you know, I know, remember y'all. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got it, what's your- Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I'll be Tokyo! And I'll Tokyo to the East and I'll Tokyo to the West. And I'll Tokyo to the West and I'll Tokyo to the North of San Daniel gonna pass. Oh, right, I'll be Tokyo. Haha! Let's go back for the y'all. But you'll find a guy on the rickety command. It's a 10.02 or five, 60 WQA, but he's a speakers, the whole thing here. By the way, the Elites keep flickering and flashing like on a mic light. It's a real disaster. I notice it between Duff and Clarence, they still can't get their S together. But I think we'll have that picture on our website. Yeah, and we're asked to ask. Now we're Jennifer Conley, but we're with Duff and Clarence, S to ask. Let's go with that. We'll get a lot of hits on that. He'd be a rookie Williams that we took as many hits as that. Gonna be it anyway. Todd Drek was in here for 25 minutes. I want to announce to the world that he's the biggest whole I've ever met in my life, okay? Even Gary Sarner can't match up to him. All the wonders to the partners in crime is what I'm hearing. I never realized until this day I was always always by Zeneo Lola. Or was it to tag? Well, what I tagged was a Pint. Oh, I see. He was by Zeneo Lola long. Hey, by the way, it's nice to meet you. Richard Conley isn't he the actor to play the by Zeneo? Indeed. He was good. Yeah. He looked like our real mobster. He looked like a kind of guy. You'd see it run away 84. Or it jose. Oh, and you haven't asked me to go. Oh, hey, I won't. Or I can't be bothered. Okay. When you're on a Russian here, you're just a little guy. That's right. Eat that kind of amount of food anyway. So that's our poll question today. Who's the bigger poll Todd Drecca or Gary Sarner? No, that's not the poll, but it would be a top choice. You know what? I think it's the same person. You ever see him in here at the same time? No, no. Oh, but we have a Todd. The answer is no, just forget about it. Okay. I don't want to do any accounts for Todd Drecca. In fact, did I say that to you a long time ago? Yeah, you can't be bothered with him. He's a slime ball. He's annoying. He's irritating. He's aggravating everything he touches is like, turns to Greck. Yeah. Always a big major song that I danced. And you just saw 25 minutes. I'm going to tell you Sammy Davis Jr. would've been proud. You have never seen a tap dancer team. He was actually dancing around this. You're mad at me. They're not getting lost. Go away, Todd. Don't go away, man. Just go away. And by the way, hey, call a good man. Oh, sorry. I just don't like the guy. Can't stand him. Sam, I'm too easy. I'm going to start being a real hard ass. And then he goes out of this business about, oh, it don't 25, 50, where I thought our main demo on this radio station was men 25, 54. Is that what we just got our bonus based on? Yeah. Is that what we always get our bonus? Is that what everybody's bonus is based on on our target demo on a so-called sports and talk it under Tim station is men 25, 54 is that right? Yeah. And I don't know, but I hear Moe who's got pretty marginal ratings all the way around. A good friend Moe. And I'm listening. OK. And he seems to have spots up the ass. In fact, he even he, it was like, does he roll over again? And you know, when he was saying this morning when I was coming to work, we're just here like in between the spots. He's trying to catch on. Yeah. Even an old codger like him and old fogey like him is starting to catch on. We're just filler between the spots. That's all. They got that thing in. Of course, they did the same thing the first team in Engrig Reed Blames. Oh, it must be Joe Rollers and must be Gild A and must be Defaway. By the way, I speak on Defaway that 850 WFT with all their billboards might as well save that money because they'd brought in in this market. They have a big they didn't show it all again in that book. None. Who do they have on besides Defaway? Defaway and Defaway and Defaway. I don't know. You'd like to listen to it. But if you were the one if you're a savvy sports fan, though, you ought to put punch a button on 850 on your radio. That's what Jim Sarnys said. Oh, really? They do sports. I don't know. I don't listen to it. Why would I want to listen to it? Who cares? We already got that 14 evidence where listen to that. Oh, Carl Benanas Foster there, who bought his way back on your I say let's have a thousand sports stations in South Florida because that'll bring a lot more people to sports. No question. That's what Ray Perry said and he knows his craft man. He's a crap specialist. Like most of Greg's friends, crap specialist. Like Gary Sarnys for example, he knows his crap. Anyway, so Todd the answer is, no, don't come in here before my show again. I mean, you think that muffin clearance would have gotten him out of here. Wouldn't you? Would have dragged his ass out here. I don't want to see him. I don't want to watch rumple stills can hop it up and down like a banana and heat for 25 minutes. Be from going to go on here and do a high rated big page show, which you'd be amazed that everybody in there brother listens to. I'm discovering something very sad that I'm here even more so than usual because I'm finding I'm discovering I'm running into Jews for Bush and I find that very distressing. I'm not talking about I'm talking about people are supposed to be bright educated people. Right. Who and again would have calmed would have boils down to who's that? Is that somebody bothering you when ever again? We're doing a very important radio show here now and I hear I can hear it all the way in here on the inner come. Who is that? Who was that? That's the list of water not seen by the watch. She wants her just confirming that you know we're not doing those spots okay, fellas. And by the way, we're doing a show running air right now. Okay, don't be doing no more intercom in with George while he's supposed to be intercoursing in the area. Okay. This is business. Remember the spots. Excuse me. I forgot about that. We're just that. I was just saying about the Jews for Bush. Yeah, Jews for Bush. Oh, and it comes back to people. See one thing all you people out there need to find out okay. Anybody already know this but I just want to reinforce it in case you forgot. That there's a whole group of Cubans who all I know is Cuba and Jews who all you know is Israel. Do we live in Cuba? Do we live in Israel? No. No. I'll log us in Boko you might consider you. Yeah. It parts of the day. You figured you live in Boko you live in Israel. But we don't live there. And quite frankly it's like I spent a lot of time in Toronto but do I care about Canadian politics? No, not at all. Not in the least. It's very boring to be honest with him. Most of those people Paul Martin is his boring as it gets and all of those people. Remember John Deefen Baker? No. I got him. He was like a dead man in the suit. He was like a don I'm standing up. Which is an easy when you're a dead man. But not necessarily so I don't care about any of those things. I mean, whatever happened to America. Why don't we care about what's going on here? You let down the garden path. This country being destroyed. Your freedoms can take it away. And people who otherwise have no excuse. Well, you know, any president that's strong for Israel. Well, what do I care about that? Like Michael Morrison, give the Israelis and Appalachians each in Equal amount of weapons and let him kill each other and find. And then you know, that's my road map. That's a loot. That's my road map. But I'm paying. You have a good time and get out of our face. Leave us alone. We'll see whose luck it stops soaking us two and a half bucks a gallon of gas. And you know what, you notice how the medium manipulates this too? Well, you know, just that for inflation back in 73 was like that. Nobody cares about that. When somebody goes to the gas station and it costs them 50, 60, 70 bucks to fill up their tank, they don't want to hear stories about it. Just that for inflation, my ass. Okay. They don't care about that. That doesn't put any more money on their pocket. All they know is that they're being raped of it. And they're not too crazy about it. Oh, and thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President. Thank you so much. So George had a very important hole yesterday, which we'll get to momentarily have to do the break. Because we are here for the spots. Make no mistake about that. Gary Sarder and Todd Dreck, they know that. Yeah. The two of them ought to be on death row together. You know, in fact, who would you rather see in jail Martha Stewart or Gary Sarder and Todd Dreck? Chained together. Oh no question. See, I mean, OJ Simpson, he's playing golf. You know, one of my, uh, somebody was telling me this the other day in the surveillance standpoint. OJ, he's playing golf. He's walking around, living a high life. His life up his sleeve, up his ass and everybody killed two people and called blood. Everybody knows it. He's walking around free. His life. Martha Stewart, the worst thing she ever did was maybe like, uh, a grace on passion. She cooked a bed to maybe a suitcase sometime. Yeah. Maybe she made a bed recipe. And so she tried to do a little sneak little things. You'll be returning things off. Right. Okay. So was on ethical. She lied. She was stupid. But she belongs in jail. And OJ Simpson is walking around for free. You know, I'm just this. You tell me this is what America's all about. And you're worried about Cuban Israel? No. I said to help with all of the Cuban. That's what I say. Right. Both the varieties. I'm tired of it. My whole life, I heard that from my crazy Zionist father who luckily is rotting in the ground as I speak. On Israel, listen, is your, and every time you go there to live, he'd like come running back here with his tail between his ass. How come? Because it sucked. Oh, yeah. The food there, I guess, is even worse than an Amsterdam. And that's quite an indictment. Yeah. And at least an Amsterdam, you've got other choices. You can eat other things. But I mean, well, why would anybody in the right mind want to go there? It's like, I mean, Nicholas Bergberg said, that's a situation. But why did he go to Iraq to make a buck? I understand that. But you know, something there's all kinds of plays. He could have built towers here. Right? He could have gone and peed on the IOD tower to have all kinds of problems with that thing that's rotting in the bay. Howl of Burton than there's subsidiaries are offering a lot of my, I understand. But the fact that it matter is if you go in any brains at all, if you value your life. What did I tell you? There are three places you don't go. If you value your quality of life. Number one is the Middle East. Number two is Iraq. Number three is South Florida. That's all. If you care about your quality of life and stay alive. So yesterday I got a chance to see Boko. If you know what Boko looks like, once last time you were in Boko. And while it goes, looks the same. Now it looks like lawns and swam. Yeah. Looks like tamar. Very boring. What is the big deal with Boko? It's not so fosters that is down here. That's it. No, that's the point. It's not so it's not fosters in tamarack. That's trying to say as we know dark folks. That's yeah. That they like about it. Who's they all those old Jews that looked up there? Those are them. See on your old Jews that are obsessed with Israel. Quit moving away from where the shwarches live. Okay? Because it's just they keep following you around. You'll discover. Okay. And then the Cuban star moving in then you don't want to whether to scream or eat the chicken is banana. Okay. So you just can't run. You cannot hide. You can keep moving to Boko. You can move to Jupiter. You can move to Stewart. And they're still going to find you. Don't worry. You're interested in Israel. Now let's see what it is. Real. Have a great time. Okay. Well pray for you. After wailing wall. Unless of course you happen to be a woman. And we'll just throw rocks at you. Big bricks. Or speak it up. A big brick. How's Clarence Thomas doing? 12 minutes after 10 at 5 60 WQM. You know, boom is not just your ordinary pedestrian TV. But it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish. And HD receiver. The picture is so superior to regular TV. It's like comparing the latest DVD to a scratch-y old piece of crap. Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Boom has got the most HD TV anywhere. It provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV. Uh, DT. Whatever I said HD TV experience. Including the satellite dish HD receiver and remote too. And boom has got over 30 channels. About 30 minutes. Of HD programming. So you can watch ESPN and high definition too. That's three times more channels than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels like HD. Oh, MTV. Even your local channels too, such as they. Apologetically are their week. Boom has got over 120 channels. The great entertainment. Boom's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, Music and sports. Then you can't even get it all from your cable or satellite company. So with boom, you've got everything you have now. Plus all these awesome high definition channels as well. Which makes you TV actually worth spending all that money on. Call of home today for a limited time offer, which ends May 31, which means you only got a couple weeks left. Call and find out about it. Tofu, it's 1 866. 848. 86666. That's 1 866848. 86666 or visit online at boom.com. The offer includes free installation, November on cost and no long-term commitment even. So call again 1 866848. 86666 or online at boom.com to start booming today. 86666. The radio is on your computer. Oh, I'm a QAN. It's people are ISOs. RUNS THE HELL. ORIP. Do we have to give you a picture? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Are you OK? If I want to go on to go to the business, go to the business for your happy strip. And track. RUNS THE HELL. You sure are doing great once they did. We thought it was funny. Do we make a naked human pyramid? I think it's not a wacky. I'm listening. I'm listening. Bye bye. 10. 17 at 5. 60. WQAM. Anyway, I was out yesterday and it will be out again tomorrow. Two Georgia. It's a good job. The other day I decided to let him work tomorrow. Tom Jekyll said, I'll just work. Like everybody else here, I'll show up when I feel like it. How's that? Like some weeks I might be on all five days, some weeks maybe one day this week, three days. This is kind of like a practice for the summer schedule only in reverse. I'll be here Monday, Wednesday and Friday. You tuned in Thursday and then like in the summertime, it's just the other way around. Mix and match. Right, mix and. Right. So anyway, George found it. Where did you get this picture? Oh, it's all over the internet. It was on the Yahoo most frequently viewed in the emailed photos. John carries horse-faced daughter, Alexandra. No, no one do we haven't seen her before. Now, I guess he didn't learn from John Howard Dean's mistake of letting his me his wife get photographed. Judy Dean, Dr. Judy Dean. I mean, apparently Alexander is a director and was Alexander. Alexander. No, I think you were right. The first time Alexander with the movie, well, if we didn't know better, if we didn't see better, I wondered. Well, I could have been a paste on because he looks a little pasty to me. And then right, she's wearing like a see-through gown. And there it is right there in our website. There's, of course, see, I still say the same thing about that. I've always said the booby guys who just, that's all they care about our boobs. They don't really care what's the hatch to. That's very sad to me. It's like the penis people. It's the same thing, you know? No matter what's the tent. Oh, my god, look at that. Look at that. Look what. That. What do you saw Todd's reckonator? Did he like it walking? Well, anyway. So there she is in all her glory and she is just beastly. I, she, have you ever seen her and Judy in together? I think it's the same face. No, no, she looks just like her dad, boy. Just stick a pair on him and scary. There it is. Scary rhymes with Carrie. So she inspired the pole. Oh, about who's got the hottest daughter. Hotter daughter. The hotter daughter? Yeah. Kind of runs. Anyway, sirs the pole result from yesterday. He's got the hottest daughter. I don't care what you called it. And she actually got votes. Oh, my, well, it's quite a little bigger there. Yeah. The booby, he was, he got the booby prize. All the rest of the money. He's got the booby. You can actually see one. I mean, like, oh, and what kind of crap is this? Got it's running for prison. Is his daughters running around like her boobs sticking out? What's was in France? Oh, I see. Well, we know about them. That's the old Europe, by the way. Who has the hottest daughter? Stevie Tyler 343. No question about that. Even if you don't like aerospace, or him, or his lips, or any of these things, he has got a very, very fine looking daughter. John Void. I don't know who's daughter is Angelina Jolie. Oh, I never knew that. So this moment, I thought I remember the tassel. He was calling her crazy. Oh, he was calling her crazy. Oh, he was calling her crazy. Oh, man. 281 for John Void's daughter, Angelina Jolie. Goldie Han, who's daughter is Kate Hudson. Oh, 1993. So that was a good race there, those three. John Aynis, I mean, Aniston, 96. Jennifer, friends. That makes sense. Paul Servino 93. He's got a daughter, Mira. Naomi Jud 86. Honestly. George W. Boy 71, are you must have voted for him? Cause you got a hot rose to drunk daughter. He's, yes, I do, but no, I did not. John carry 55 who's daughter's name is Alexander. And she ain't so great. Wow, wow, wow, take a puke at that bitch, huh? Oh, man, she is nasty looking. God. She, I'm telling you, she is the same person as Judy Dean. Maybe they just swapped wives or something. Or daughters, or I don't know what she is. Anyway, she's a pathetic John Barrymore 46. Tony Curtis 38. Tony Curtis 38, Jamie, the Curtis is hot. Whatever. Yeah, we did again. There you go. Same kind of thing. And she's not even hot for a dicha. I mean, she's very ducky looking. But I mean, she's for face. Yeah. Yeah, in fact, she's got a very similar face to Alexander Kerry. Bill Clinton. Oh, no. Oh, no, I'm going home. I don't get it. I'm going to go give Todd record kiss. I can't believe this. Bill Clinton 37, are you people out of your mind or what? Wow. Chelsea Clinton is hot. But again, keep in mind, these people are the end of the round. So these are the ones that are surfing, and looking for a breast for a nipple for, who it's a body part. It might actually have been on something that was alive once. Blind people can vote on that poll too. Yeah, I'm sure that the Batavia Mike probably voted on their two. He probably tapped it out. My hammered all E32. She's like a kickbox. It is so pathetic. Man, Elvis 31, Dijk. Clouse Kinski 31, who's his daughter, Stasiya. I see. Clinton Eastwood 30, how many D. About 30, man. Clinton Eastwood is daughter of his Allison, and she's beautiful. Henry found 25 by now. See, they don't hold it against 10 or a change. She and her day, and even now she don't look that bad. Right, she held up nice. And in fact, out here on T, she looked at a hell of a lot better than to be D. But whatever name is, Alexander. Ingrid Bergman 19 is a Belarusian. Blight Danner 16, whose daughter is going to have a paltrow. Yes. Oh. Oh. She had bush 15. Oh, no. Nicole, please, please, Nicole. Another one. Oh, my God. Talk about a horse-faced bitch. Jeff Bush, this had to be a joke. Maybe they just earned a lot of entertainers with great looking daughters. Lionel Richie 14. Nicole, and she's adopted, and she's ugly, but whatever. Well, but she's now, Nanking Cole 13, Natalie Cole. She ever stole a freight train. She's with Aunt the bottom and list. That's probably because she's dark. And Frank Zepatin, whose daughter, Moon Unit, is a really ugly and looks like a couple in Zepa, looks like he did, which ain't together. Her horse-faced. I don't understand these people. Maybe they like horsey-faced. So maybe they're a horsey. You know, Beckham's. I don't know. Horsey-sauce. Oh. So almost 60 and 100 votes on air, so a staggering poll. George Riddie came up with a jackpot there. Thanks, of course, to that picture of a... Alexander Kerry, the great. Wow. Wow. You think he looks bad, man. Oh, man. Maybe that's why they let the picture out. Maybe. You think he looks frightening. Take a look at his daughter. You'd look like that, too, if he had a daughter. Looks like that. That's right. That's the only mole. Where's that? Is that in here? The Howard Dean thing? The Howard Dean's wife? She, I don't know what's in this, uh... I don't know either. It's not in there. I mean, we got it. You don't have it? No. Get out of here. You got this. Is that what I thought? Oh, it's got... Uh, not in there. I got to leave. Yeah. I got to leave something place in this stuff. I want to play, because you don't have any of it. And since we're only allowed to play a few bits. I've heard of that. I've heard of the new rules in place. And these are bush people I should point out are actually justified. Well, you know, maybe that's not such a bad idea clamping down on what you, uh, uh, uh, ice holes can say. I know, but on the fact that I played that sales, uh, people are ice holes thing. That inspired me. That's that adequate for me. Instead of trying to come up with something like, like, spas, hola. Yeah, ice holes. What's wrong with that? Never use one. I've used a nice pick. In fact, it looked like what you call me Alexander's face is a matter of fact. Ice pick, I said. Anyway, here's, uh, today we got behind to be decirting somebody a little bit but are looking then, uh, then Alexander. Can Basinger, who's still on the, uh, to bed for an old babe? It's a facinger. I said Basinger is why I say, I don't care how she says it. All right. I don't care how Tony door set pronounces. And then I'll say it however I like. Okay, and she'll still reckon money. She don't care. Can Basinger. Born December 853 that makes her 47 and wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. She's almost 51 years old on December. Talk about ancient born in Athens, Georgia. Not Athens, Greece. Not in the Greek. And man, she's been in the Elvis is left the building. She's doing right now. Never heard of it. No, because it, because it's not out yet. She's doing it. Cellular. Also the same thing she's working on that door in the floor. The door in the floor, 2004. It's completely, but you haven't seen it yet. Well, I know. Eight mile with M&M. Plus every M&M is on eight mile road. No, don't. No white people there. Plus the child, I dreamed of Africa. How about the combos on eight mile road? Let's go there. It was a great attenuation restaurant. They turned it into a strip joint. Right across the street from the WWJ towers in Detroit. Not pretty interesting stuff. Don't mind me if you never were in Detroit. Don't go to Detroit. Okay. How many white people are looking Detroit? I'm turning man. And believe me, you don't want to be number 31. I'm 22 years old, . Same goes for me in the NBA burgers. That's ridiculous. I just don't think I'm going to tell you what to do. So, don't smile. What's going to be the lowest weight? Well, I think this theory comes together For 30 years and a half a week. What one has to say? And learning a bit faster just to accept your aim. I think I'm gonna hear her add that totally right to you. Granted be he has some意ers wide Absolutely, some quarters must pay things in What was the doctor drinking? And he must have recently bad eyesight Oh, we're gone! Michigan! How are dean? Good job! Good job! Get out of here! Do your work! How are dean good? Good job! Good job! Oh, King, open, open, open In those voters, vote in How are dean is growing this crowd And what's Clarkson Perry It's a better than who he may be A commonerist is what the doctor needs The hopeful next Sunday Should think twice before display Perfect, boldly comes at horsey feet That's a big deal! How are you? How are dean? It's round! Call a portal for you, dean Watch the dean's view! How are dean to show? How are you? How are you? K31 at 560 we got the mad dog at two The hump for the Hebrew hammer is four In a studio in Oles, Marlon's on deck 630 Astro's at the Marlon's boy They just can't beat Houston Man, they got pounded nine two last night They'll try to get tonight at the stadium At what time is it? 705 and then any care for the baseball game Next week I do believe you might From the powers that be gets a schedule for next week I think we got a couple of early baseball games Next week, how do you like that? I love it We love those Marlon's on those days only The rest of the time we just don't really care quite frankly Because we're not bandwagon jepers on this show Oh come on Neil, jump on the heat bandwagon Why me it's all over now But we're not trying to bandwagon? No, come here less Watch Tampa, maybe it's silly I'm not going to be a pretty entertaining game last night Over there in Tampa How the panther's doing? Oh, I just changed the bowl I know Eric is going to be extraordinarily upset And you know what? I quite frankly don't care I'm tired of pampering emotional cripples I just can't deal with that You know what? I mean it's my priority It writes my show And if we've already done that other bowl I was just, you know, Tony Randall died And you know, like Tony Randall, sure Anybody who didn't like Tony Randall You're a communist in a piece of crap And we're going to come in the courier It's as simple as that Right? Or have somebody do it No, we'll come personal That's how pissed off we're going to be If you don't like Tony Randall I mean what's not to like? Right, he's just a good guy You can be able to tell a great thing He's like the odd couple Or a love swimming pool Who is like the odd couple Or maybe love a little too faggy for you Or something like that But Tony Randall people like them Right Jack Clarkman was on last night Larry King How you like toast to that for an hour I was in about two or seven I thought, well, you know, although there were some other people on there But I was Clarkman was talking to all of that Very difficult not only from the speak but to listen to him speak You feel, you know, you feel worse than he does Because he claims it doesn't hurt So I changed the poll about dead personalities We've done that a million times and Mo gets really upset I've slowly do shows about dead people Probably because he's contemplating his attorney The number one which can't be there for off And number two We get more response about dead people And he does talking about the bricky Williams But anyway, here's the poll we're going to do Who is and we got another one for Friday Not tomorrow, don't steal mine tomorrow Who is the ugliest big name female? Alrighty then, that good poll Who? Why was inspired by Alexander the grade? I got 20 21 Names Oh I got 30 Who is the ugliest big name female? Larry, we consider her to be big name because she's carries daughter I mean, I didn't say to her I never heard of her Until I saw that So we can't put her on her How about you, Dr. Judy Dean Okay, we heard her, we saw her Which of course was the beginning That was not just that was the beginning and the end of the end Hey Eric, I can't add until you change this thing Just relax, okay, I don't expect to know Like instantly he's probably like You know, probably dropped his breakfast breeders all over the floor Now running to his keyboard Oh, no, you know, got to make a change on her But we only had one name on her anyway So it's not like he had to do a big one on the planet You're going to vote for who Tony Randall is the ugliest big name female Still under Oh, no, I know it Because he hasn't changed the deal Would you just cut him a little bit of slack Roberta slack button Man, no, you're not You're just picking on poor Eric and you remember No wonder he is so neurotic and acts like that I love Eric and you know what I mean by acts like that Woo Anyway, there's the poll Eric Who is the ugliest you're hoping he's listening in Has his internet kitchen all up and everything Who is the ugliest big name female? Alan Friday, well, who is the ugliest big name male Which does not include me in Hank and the talk a big name that we're small potatoes We even plenty of opportunity to take shots of us on the poll, you know, all of the time Think a little bit bigger, a little more popular, a little more well known Then all of us ugly goofballs here on this station And believe you are we are ugly Is there anybody who works in this way? I mean, no, really we got a bunch of ugly people here right on the ear Oh, yeah I'm trying to think of somebody who looks like almost human Well, you wouldn't agree but Joe Rose looks almost human Blockhead? No, it is not. Most guys don't have a head that's four times bigger than the rest of their body Size not with stavindy Facially he looks all the parts from the right place I'm the one and I get quite important the gap tooth Since I got him to like you were that whole and his teeth He had the kind of Lisa gap Of course, she's got a gap in her teeth and one on her back comb That's another story But Joe had the gap in it I said if you're going to be on TV on channel 6 there Joe I'm sorry on NBC 6, excuse me You got to like look like a men's she looked at me what's that You got to look like our real human being like some dumb Jack And so he went to like a real dentist or something Got his teeth straight got whatever they do you know Crounds and these things I said this old queen knows about crowns Believe you me. I wear one on the throne all the time So Joe rose yeah, I guess compared to anybody else he looks almost human Gelty of course looks like he looks like Rapunzel guilty Then he He's got a long wand here Well, maybe I don't know man. See looks like Rapunzel but glasses on I don't understand Who is the ugliest big name female Dr. Judy Dean Rosie O'Donnell let's go up with the obvious just a couple here Because you know once we start building these pools you get pulled the rings boring pull those more chose more And we get him who's obviously got absolutely I have no life and even a semblance of a life and of course We always enjoy hearing his in entities almost as much as canbap and mighty calm. We haven't heard from him in quite a while Maybe he's busy. I got the winner. I think okay barbers try and oh the ugliest big name for just because she's cross side Christian Christian Christian Krueger's cross. I don't care because because she's got to know This knows the bigger than five other people that have zon error. Oh, look at this. Here's the a phony look at that Phony little the hairs little Jerry with a squiggly writing who's peat today and tomorrow Be itty and the thursday's a Friday. He'll be somebody else get lost Don't read it. No interest whatever. Okay, and thanks for listening every single minute of every single day To the world famous new Roger show see this is what really cracks me up about the chronic salon with the fact that they have no I have no life Is for all of their bitch and embellionking this is their life as rough Edwards would say this is your life This is it kiss the radio. Okay, we tried to over and put your lips on it and the radio to give it a big kiss We ought to be kiss forget that country that knows picking crap. They play on our FM. We ought to be the big kiss. I want to buy it turn into happiness Now because this station is all you got left is there any other English language station that anybody lives to know that isn't that's got anybody like local and no I mean don't tell me I O. D that they have one show with somebody local on no it's all piped in crap It's all two channel garbage we could change kiss content. You can hear in the 75,000 different markets. Okay, the same right wing crap the same propaganda the same What the not that all that crap? So this is it. This is all you got left. Which isn't saying much, but we are it I think it's about time the people in this market star realize in that This is all you got it may not be much especially at certain times today Early in the morning, but this is all you got see that are gathered around your radio is like because someday you'll be saying a couple of years down the road Oh gee, I remember when we actually had a station where there were some people that we you know that we knew who they were and they knew us and they you know They knew the difference between sunrise Boulevard and Tendled rise I was dairy road and candle drive and Glades road in bokeh oh sitting in bokeh looks just like Tamarack Little more perceived no no Well, no actually I mean there's some parts of it if you go behind some of the big office buildings and there are trees and wooden areas It's beautiful. It's but who now sees that who the hell spends the time running around behind office buildings? Purves we are and other people are trying to kill some time But other than that when you drive through there when you're in and by the way thanks to my friend Ken Halper and a national limo He's he's great. It's better what you said at one time huh? Well, don't you remember that he had that no speaking English brother wasn't his fault or was that silly brother? I mean we go where we are going you know that was somebody else. Oh, yeah Sorry, I'm not sure situation. I was the victim of it. So don't be seen that now Ken is great And I really appreciate it because I certainly wouldn't want to have to drive to bokeh by myself and get lost and like oh Geez, why do people live in bokeh who work in data-brower? Why? Some people live further And still work here. Oh, it's something else. I don't let me forget to talk about today the Hard rock casino Your close personal friend Joe Castelo called me at home two nights ago as a matter of fact Don't bother me Joe your great guy. I love you, but don't bug me you get on my nerves And what? No, he does he gets on my nerves because I but if I had something to tell him if I could offer him any more assistance than I already have I would be more than delighted to do it. I can't do anything for him. I have no no influence here over what they put on a year or don't None if only yeah, so but anyway He was told me about that place about how it just jam packed which I did mention that the right a about driving through there Would he in the limo come back from the airport? You couldn't buy a parking spot there for a million dollars and And evidently at nighttime if not just the old blue hairs that you have at the other similar old place in all the The jury entries. They're like a lot of young people living in breathing people and they're looking for something to do for a good time But for them and they don't have like your real honest goodness slots with the you know the spinning But you got you push a button and does the same thing there is what he said Been how can a guy like him be affordin to be at the hard rock casino anyway that the weight always goes must be Gambling all the way to the money otherwise harder money, right from that spiffy ad is in CG worth That's just a joke, you need to just relax. Okay until Joe don't call me anymore 19 before 11 at 5 60 WQ a.m. Oh I guess who we saw this morning. I'll give you one clue. See him Yeah Josh court has stuck his head in the door there. See him. We closed the real fast now his head looks like a See him Anyway, lobster fest is back at the Emerald coast if you've never been there you're missing out on a real treat man It's not just meal. It's a feast. It's for now You don't have to be fat when you go in, but you probably will be on a way out the services great and the food is Unbeatable everything is fresh delicious. They don't use any crap no MSG no corn starts They cook everything with the only cholesterol for your oils They got six different kinds of soups dozens of delicious mouthwatering entree's like New York strip made Ordering their sizzling Asian grill along with a new whoon on fish Mean lobster thermator style. There's Joe a crab oysters on a half shell handcar primary of their brand new Thai specialties And they promote healthy living like I said with no crap too. You'll never walk out of there with the headache The buffet features a full salad bar full Chinese food line up the brand new sushi bar and fresh. See him cocktail what that was that Do you hear that Sound like somebody from power 96 is about slam to maybe somebody used time-dreck is like a ramming rod In the wall there. I'm serious. Sound like somebody's salespers just got like ran right through the wall over there Speaking of steam anyway, and if you have any room at the end of all of this stuff, they got a great desert station too So pace yourself Just spend a couple hours there. They got bells and waffles and pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh food What an ending to a gigantic pickup three Emerald Coast locations pember pine sunny Austin sunrise Take the whole family book in X business luncheon right now Zagot restaurant reviews votes them number one in WSVN news number one a subtle as best Asian buffet in your degree It is sensational column for our reservation information to nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for information on the world famous unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet Soon it's the movie with all been waiting for prayer As a gladiator it's Troy the classic story of Well, it's based on the epic poll might oh who cares that's Brad Pitt and a gladiator of Kirries and now we must engage in hot sweating men on men combat action Lip is worth a cutting-down thing about joy McSeed calls it the field myself hit of the summer McSeed said past me that Trojan honey and in the words of McSeed if you see only one home a rot-clad eater movie this year True and If muscular men and letters get their your Achilles heel then friends to a theater near you to see Triad pit as you've always wanted to see him in Troy's made it hard for But this for people out there I guess on 1948 at five 60 WQAM six votes on a poll Muskus we only got a couple of names on it who is the ugliest big name female especially inspired by John Kirries me as daughter there yesterday Alexander the Great Rosie O'Donnell three Barbara Streisand two Dr. Judy Dean one got some more names here for your monocle of Winsky She is nasty. She is a cow Come on, Boba you can do better than that Sandra burn heart tied. I see this is the way to try to do like him, but I'm not gonna put the other one on there one who is the ugliest big name female Not name a much of ugly people, okay? Get with it. We're gonna start really laying down the lawn is show aren't we? No, yes, we are here's one that says George picked my First choice cross-eyed Barbara Streisand but my second choice is share that's a good choice She's big name. She's big. She looks ducky. She's got a bull-like daughter and she's a gross Of course, she also's 85 years old. She don't look too bad for 85 No, it's the blood of young virgin she drinks. Specialist Jeremy civics on Wednesday They played a guilty criminal charges in the Iraqi prisoner of East Gambling was sentenced to one year confinement this morning His sentence by a special court martial judge includes discharge for bad conduct and emotion So it's pretty the guilty to consider you know What I'm discovering is I talked to various people around town is that the American people have no idea what's going on in the world They get there they they find out what's happening in the world in little snippets. You know, they see a headline Or they hear somebody saying oh gee, they decapitated our guy and all we're doing is putting a few hoods over the heads of somebody Iraqi prisoners How come this been so much time talking about that and having these hearings people who are there? Yeah, how come they're having these hearings going on where they're like brutal and decapitated this guy? Of course we should be surprised that I guess because they blew those plop Plains they flew into those buildings and killed thousands of innocent people So it's like some big surprise that they decapitated people and Saudi Arabia. They decapitated people all the time Every day right Because they're so much of barbarians in Saudi Arabian and of course come to find out that the very latest car bomber As another Saudi national Saudi Arabia is the sugar in the wood pie on the sand pie. They're not civilized like us Right we kill people lightly like money python. I like it bombs all so it's good Civets pretty guilty conspiracy to maltreates the ordinance or detainees They were literally to booty for willfully family protect detainees from abuse cruelty and now treatment and my maltreatment detainees Civets 24 of Hindman Pennsylvania is that Hindman. I don't know what I don't care Had to present evidence to the judge of his guilty plea Pennsylvania other than Philly is a pretty sloppy place Everyone in Pennsylvania? No, don't ever don't film me. It's okay I mean there a lot of nasty people there. I mean there's sports fans especially are obnoxious But who in then since you don't care about that you would mind. Philly's all right pretty frilly, but it's okay And then you get on the school killer spres way and you can't get off it. It has our wigs. It's You ever see an expressway that goes like through the heart of the city and there's no way to get off so to speak Anyhow After any we got bugs in here. Oh, let's get our good friends from alternative management Steve over there. Let's get them in here We got a bunch of bugs flying around here Kind of crap is that typical. Oh, brother. I don't have any bugs in my studio in Toronto. We're in my apartment Because I'm not a slob. I may be like a hell Which is fine with me because I don't care about that, but at least I keep my place clean out of little bugs flying all around here They live here. I think what this place needs if you're part of the expression is an exterminator Starting in the sales department will be good. Yeah. I don't want to mention no names. Gary or Todd Anyway Civets gave explicit details of abuses he said took place November 8 including six or seven other soldiers including beatings and Positioning the prisoners in sexual positions. You identify PFC Linda in Glib your girlfriend seen him many the photos as pointed to the general Genitals of one detainee and laughing At times events became emotional when describing two brutal abuses said involves specialist Charles Grainer a total of 70 Usortes have been accused yati on yati grain a recharge of conspiracy to maltreat prisoners They're election the duty for allowing prisoners to be maltreated cruelty and maltreatment maltreatment A prisoner's assault a prisoners committing a decent acted delirate of start to justice all of these things But then again why they make in such a big fuss about this when and this is why they work in people are so stupid They don't read books. They don't read newspapers. They don't read even watch a whole newscast such as it is They see like little headlines and that's why these polls mean nothing polls don't mean I mean the poor results are based on lack of information or lack of knowing anything as opposed to you know And even in spite of that now bushes numbers are dropping like a rock like a boulder Because finally you start putting well is headline together over here and this one over there and maybe things are going so great Maybe they actually lied to us and rum spell said you know that seren gas from the other day. Wow, and he don't think it's seren gas He said in fact he thought it was more like serendipity Dippity do and that's what it was Dippity do yeah, just a jar of it and they smirred it over the missiles. He smirred some dippity do And then the mustard gas had time to find out one even like great poop on it was just a cheap French is mustard was like a generic public sprangers Who is the obvious big name female? Let's hear a poll question today. Let's get with it here. Okay, Rosie O'Donnell 16 Sandra burn heart 15 barber strizen six Dr. Judy Dean a real miscutter of her was one too I'll tell you one thing she ain't good for Israel. She ain't good for the human race Shares got one and Monica don't have any out of our first 40 names. Okay. Let's get this list built. Okay. Let's do some poll building because poll building is maybe boring But it's time consuming and they love it Sure kills for how did you did yesterday you had you built it right built that poll Steve Tyler and his daughter but they were right there on top So to speak top of the pile 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon. I much is do the whole show on Gary Surner and Todd Drek. I much is do that all that's pouring to the audience But I just cannot deal with those kind of people with these phonys with these fakers What these BS are to don't come in here bother and me with your BS okay Todd. I don't want to see I don't want to smear. I don't want to do your account. I don't want nothing to do with you And by the way say how did the Coligan man while you're at it you idiot See that well that was that's all we need to know that's a long time ago. That's all we need to know about him when he reared his ugly rear in this place That was enough WQAM hello You sure how you know today pretty good tally what's up? I got somebody for your process. I hope he's okay though. Oh, she's dead. Silly a cruise Silly a cruise was a good guy. I got it. You she agreed Perhaps you remember the name of that I really pissed that though Luther Whistle in with Monica. Oh, yeah You took the trip well I don't want to I don't want to do this Okay, thanks pal. Let's see there goes he puts two on again. That's okay. He's a good guy Hey Yeah, she's still dead by it away and then of course we always got I remember if we can play that or not there might be something in there. I don't know Do you know if we can play that no we can't you mean definitely clearance have been in here going through this DCS and clearing out all the stuff that we can't play anymore Are you shouldn't me or what? Huh? What kind of an ice war are they? What is it wrong with him? Oh, that's right. They're spending a lot of time asked to ask Maybe we ought to ask them about it WQAM or ask and you know I never even got into a portoni rattle yet I mentioned it in passing like he did he passed we mentioned it yesterday in passing oh He'd have one did he die? Yes today, I guess before your show During oh no I hate that when somebody famous dies right in the middle of the show Tony Randall the Emmy award winning act you made the role of fussing neat Nick Felix Unger in fact He was used to be every now and then make a guess appearance on the education only over his nongers On his uh TV's the odd couple is daddy was 84 well quite frankly 84 is the old enough He was making babies just a few years ago Yes, and did none of them old farts making babies, but in his case we made an exception because unlike Larry King we liked Tony Randall The actor died in a sleep Monday evening and in my uh you medical sentiment in the York the cause of death was Complications from a prolonged illness he had pneumonia and had some kind of heart the surgery or something then he got pneumonia and then he died That's a shame Jack clugman right now. Yeah, I caught man still running around like this Now if you're smoking him faggot's out there right now on you kids especially There's a walking ad cuz Hamilton burger from perimation showy in around these dead But if you want to be like uh you know Jack clugman and talk it like this just keep puffer away And in fact it's okay just keep smoking on them cancer sticks and pretty soon You won't be able to talk and you'll have infosema and the bronchitis and Cancer and all these horrendous things black lung disease brown lung disease purple lung disease purple People leader disease and you'll be dead. I just you know, it's a free country to a point Not really, but I mean if you want to smoke smoking if you got him That's our clearance token Thomas to the dolphin smoke him if you got him 1057 at five 60s a matter of fact what a segue nobody wants to talk about along the disease or cancer heart disease All of these grow test things that we can get But it's a proven fact that the disease responds extremely well to trim in if you find it early That is the key that can be the difference between life and a Rotesque horrible death Hollywood die not to centers proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams That really can detect cancer and other life threatening diseases in their early stages while it's not too late to do something about them And of course if you don't have any problems at all when you walk out of their office you got a big smile on your post and you got peace of mind There's bugs in here again guys dang it man There's nuts in here. Look at that more over there against the wall For all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostics center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for the testing Give you in your family like I said only moments ago piece of mind in fact next a piece of The thing most people like best is peace of mind right after piece of Hollywood diagnosis center office you state that the imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much more Hollywood diagnostics center they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to your door Call Hollywood diagnostics center for your imaging exam two day when you make that call it could be one of the most important ones You'll ever make and like I said if there's nothing wrong you have a big smile on your post you got that piece of mind call nine five four nine six 3600 nine five four nine six six 3600 And local here sports radio five 60s You Get ready to blow Oh Just in case you did And recognize the chin and this ambitious dies TV ads are full of lines Why are they only running smear campaigns none of them have any shame standing for the heart Smart this All Your Chicken Even up the store Instead of the negativity We have a choice So let's not take it anymore I'll learn that at least nine killed 15 injured and Gaza explosion done a little bump in the road map poison girl There's a little bump in the road all right Everything will be just fine make no mistake about it in the middle east all we're fine Let's see here's a look at this I got this article on our website. Thank you very much. Okay, but how I killed people in a rack in yadda on I got it. I'll get to it On our website always a really good idea if you have a computer which you must have if you downloaded these stories and printed them out right Right, look at new Rogers dot com you'll see we already got that story on right. I just mentioned that in past year. I don't want to start your reading anyway Right, that's right. We got the good stuff. That's what clearance Thomas said We got the good stuff. I was watching the sports last night during the newscasts such as it is here And I see that Jay Fieler is still on the dolphin team. Oh, man. Oh, man. That right there's a very bad oldman. That's a bad sign Anyway, oh look at this and this is like multiple pages. Oh, God stop doing this already. Where yet you idiot? Okay, for the pool. Here's one that says bread of ancestor and who owes all her fame to O. J and of course his grotesque nasty even on a man Dog had a ride allegedly the hot spirit. That was just that was a he's just fun in you There's no way in the world a man dog who has much better taste than that that he had the hot spur Greta He just playing games with it. That's all playing with your emotions. Fashion loose because no matter what he would have said If he would have said that Alexander Kerry man what a hot number she is. Oh, he's right man dog. She's really something I made a typo. I'm not out there. What is your right the capital V capital A Sus Infigina and sister All right, worry about that that should be your biggest problem. I'm gonna say well, what how much more this crap is there you idiot? Don't worry about canceling it. They'll just refax it anyway Over my dead body they will Anyway, here's the winner Even a won't win, but here's the winner Chelsea all who got votes on your pool yesterday, which I like no seriously there had to be either a joke or maybe all the blind people I'm sure we have some visually impaired people in the audience some mentally impaired people We don't have a lot of those they call every day, but Chelsea Clinton man if there's anybody more me as than she is in the big name category I'm sure you could like walk into them all now she's ugly Yeah, no question, but I hear people describing barbers strys and does the lovely barbers strys and the beautiful I don't think I've ever heard anybody say that about Chelsea big nose cross-died bitch What do you mean you haven't heard anybody say that you had a whole bunch of votes on your own? Yeah, but I mean when they talk about her meat on here, they got the poison gas going on again Seren gas we got the Seren gas in here the Seren density singers are gonna be seeing pretty soon when I flop out of the floor from it And we got little bugs flying around what up the disgrace what a joke Like the hump or would say like the Hebrew hammer would say Now guarantee that Hebrew hammer is gonna be voting for John Kerry He's not gonna be making excuses why he might vote for Bush because Bush is good for Israel Maybe the burning portion is real, but that's about it God John Rivers You know something As ugly as she always was on a biography channel few nights ago She was on with her a daughter in the whole story about the whole space yeah But the 85,000 plastic surgeries that Jonas had she now she started to get like Michael Jackson She's got a plastic nose that's like over on top of one cheek like just not her eyelid Where her eyeball used to be oh yeah, and like I mean she is really and can you explain to me why? Why what is the point I understand there are people especially women who are very vain But what is that supposed to prove take your money and go off into the woods and have a good time? She's got millions Not enough. Every grain coming back. She killed him. Oh, no person about that make no mistake about it They made that pretty clear in the biography thing Gloria as Stefan it says although local media would have you think she's listed or an Eva Gardner combined Gloria step on I don't I don't know I mean she's not attractive, but put her on it. You wouldn't put her on her to make you happy She's a piker on this list. Yeah. She's a ciker By the way Doug ciker from NBC news. He's dead Who is the ugliest big name female? Dead or live I guess I mean we didn't really specify that's why I say the cruise guys. She's nicked in there That's just the piss off some of the professional humans out there because we want to get in a little no No, they need to move back up my list again with those professional Israel likers. Oh Bush is good for Israel. Yeah, alright. Wow How could you how could you be sir ignorant now? Now he's not good for anything in a world I mean if you're concerned about the the conflict between the Arabs and the Israelis then Bush is about as much as Rehears and he's makes sure won't look like a good guy. That's how bad Bush is he's as bad as it gets He's the one that's turning the whole world against the West, but don't confuse them of the facts. Okay, but any of our good president I don't want to go into it Who is the ugliest big name female 104 votes and Rosio Donald seems to be leading the way 31 Dikey disgusting grow test. I mean a lot of us are ugly, but we don't go running around try to pass ourselves off is like, you know, right something anything But I think about a big fat ugly dike Sandra burn heart 24 barbers strike sand 16 for cross-eyed babbs See that cruise is got a dozen live the triple 11 Dr. Judy deans got four Shear has got two monoclewins. He's got a pair That's what the boba said Greta van Sester and one Chelsea's got only one and Joan Rivers just went on in list Chelsea's only got one Out of sight at him. And you know, Hillary used to keep her hair the same you know how like Chelsea's got that right? I know if you see the early pictures of her who she and bubble first hooked up She had that same Grow test frizzy do as they do why why do they do do that? Why is that supposed to be like attractive is it supposed to be? What is that oh we could write a book? He said gruesome stupid stuff women doing they think it looks good. Yeah And the worst part of it is men and women there are people actually would look pretty good if you had a that's the one thing I will say some of those make over shows. I have never watched one but I know they do have money Right some of those even though I don't really care about the people but they might be fairly interesting because it goes to show as some folks They're realized that they could look a little bit better That they would like drag that musk rat and feed it and put it on the floor. You must have hush your hair would be nice. Oh, yeah would be good I don't have it off the brush. Right now I got me a nice haircut, okay now. I don't have a nice shirt on day because I was wrong. That's a great shirt. What do you talk about? That's a perfect way to wear this shirt. That's a very unabtusive decent It's an old man shirt. I mean I realize I am an old man. You got the buttons on the collar Oh, I'm sure it's had well I'm done a column most of them to do it's the fine That's the original. It's got a button down collar that makes it a nice shirt. It's a good nicer than then your regular Perocule shirts. Yeah, I haven't worn any regular Perocule shirts say even in you don't even see me up the one It's an art nicer those like dingy green colors that you don't see around anymore They got a little few stains on them from spilled food those are the not nice ones. Oh, I mean like a one fat rich word those 10 minutes after 11 haven't heard from fat bitch. You're I quite frankly now I'm sure he's all right I just I just don't have time. I've just got a lot of stuff going on. I'm getting all my inners and my outwards and all these things checked out while I'm here just want to do all of my you know plumbing you know I do I just want to see if I'm actually gonna be alive for one And if so then look out you know, and if not well, it's way code just the way goes check for polyps Check for polyps Right that worry about polyps. I think you're out of them. Yeah, I'm proud straight all of these things when you get this part of God's gift to all of us Yeah, good right all of these horrendous things that God invented Cancers and Painful defecation things like that speaking of muff I think I have I think I have an idea why he suffers from that melody, but that's he said it one What I mean it could be wrong but I think I have a real good idea In fact I saw when I pulled up this morning there was an excavation crew behind him Which I thought was pretty interesting yeah Right behind is Behind anyway Quit with that painful defecation stuff okay people are starting to talk if I start to make funny and now that's not good He looked bad today. He looked really bad in the I didn't notice yeah, he looked really pale and won From little of Anna hey, boom is TV, but hi definition TV is what we're talking about delivered by a satellite dish DBCver and by the way Gary Sarnas a real hole The picture on boom is so superior to regular TV the quality's like comparing the latest DVD to the very first Kinescope recording that was made 100 years ago Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV Boom gives you the most HD TV anywhere And they provide all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote Boom has got over 30 God third in the channels of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition That's three times more channels than you can get from your cable and even though they've got all your favorite channels like HBO and MTV and your local channels too Boom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you Boom even as exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can get from your cable or satellite company So with boom you get all the stuff you've got now plus these awesome high definition channels I don't know why you'd want to go out and spend thousands of dollars in HD TV said not have something to watch So here's the our way to do it call boom today For a limited time offer call 1 866 848 8666 These six or visit their website boom.com the offer includes free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment So start boom and right away by making that call today at 1 866 848 8666 or check them online at Boom.com you better do it now though because the offer ends May 31 Hey And in order I'm 17 and made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside on Monday morning when Mo and I bonded out there by the door and then I missed him this morning I just missed him by a couple of minutes mad Mike Ball headed the change smoking mad Mike was sitting out there in a chair that's got his ass embroidered on it I said damn I missed my buddy this morning because I saw his car was already going and just missed him Well you still have Friday. I went aweshocks Now come in extra early to make sure I bond with Mo one more time He's What he is? Who is the ugliest big-time female? Rosie O'Donnell's got 48 Sandra Bernhard's got 32 you believe man. See the cruise 25 Linda trip 23 barbers drystands only got 20 you thought she would hands down Oh Who did I vote for? I don't know how voted for so would you vote for doctor Judy Dean for Gloria Stephon to share two Monaco one ski to Chelsea Clinton's only got one jumper for one glory veteran sister one at 151 Chelsea's only got one She could be the ugliest thing on a face of the earth. She makes rumple stills good look like Greta Garbo Oh, we got a nice picture. I should point out a kid basinger Mason yeah good I don't care how you say it. It's an excellent pick nevertheless and we like her a lot because she said that Mickey works now Yeah Well now can we still play to Mickey work cuts that are some of them. Yeah, you know, you know Some of them not welcome the ones that we can't play are kind of obvious right up front But but you don't know what they are no I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here That's okay. Yeah That's one of them. Yeah. It's nothing to Mickey. Okay. Those were the great days at Iodin and Mickey work was out there Listen the show calling in Ed is girlfriend and his girlfriend. They had like it was like a ambush Which you like to say can't like what fat boy did to me here on Monday morning Yeah ambush Somebody says here's a good one for the pool and they're right and colder talk about skanky and scabby and nasty and pastramy All those things to be able to get the E on the under her in yes. I believe so In fact every time I see her I say E God look at that piece of crap and here's a very good one that nobody in the audience probably would think of because we don't have it too many birds because they give us the schmits I would write commemail Parker bowls right over here. I would play that bit only. It's not in here. You don't have anything in here The one about the prince Charles and Being by all I love that but you don't have me. What's it called? It's called prince Charles is uh I don't know something. It's not in there. Where would it be from? I don't know no you don't have it. You don't got it. It's in H.C. N.V. You don't have it They don't they don't like you Anyway, they don't get around her criminal Parker bowls and prince Charles He's in the curling more he rides horses asses with his kilt sign he likes the way it feels Well your brits man are so freaking silly. It's just as unbearable What did you see the again the white powder that went up in here behind Tony Blair this morning and Parliament? No, yeah, it was like somebody threw something there was a whole bunch of like powder went up and maybe powder I think it was a message like take a powder Tony get lost. It was a guaranteed one thing Because if a wooded we'd have been hearing about it all day long I don't know where the hell I had that And therx yeah, what's what's that under and therx? It is no, it's not I already played a one That's right 567560 pound five 60 on a AT and C in Verizon wireless line Chelsea Clinton better start moving up their list I'm gonna be really porked off if Chelsea don't start getting a few votes George is gonna do the show tomorrow WQM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, you need to put those in on there. Roseanne is grow test. She's nasty. She is up noxious The sky now that's not just the way she looks either You're telling me you gotta put it up there. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. You got see you around the block 560560 oh and listen to this ABC news says Definitely a cover up a cover up oh my god Doesn'ts a soldiers other than the 7 military police reserves to have been charged? We're involved in the abuse that erects Abu Grep prison and there's an effort under way in the army to hide it a key witness in the investigation told ABC news A cover up what a shock what a surprise Military intelligence analysts sergeant Samuel Provinc told ABC news that the sexual humiliation of Iraqi prisoners Abu Grep began as a technique ordered by the military intelligence and interrogators There's definitely a cover up the witness sergeant Samuel Provinc said people are either telling themselves Or being told to be quiet Provinc who's about Was partly 200 second military intelligence battalion station Abu Greb last September He spoke to ABC news despite orders from his commanders not to what I was supposed what I was surprised that was the Solancy said the collective silence by so many people that had to be involved that had to have seen something or heard something Provinc now stated it stationed in Germany where he will follow orders very well you understand They have vays grand the top secret computer that were used by military intelligence at the prison He said that while he didn't see the actual news taking place the interrogators with whom he worked freely admitted They'd direct to the MP's ref treatment of prisoners Oh anything the MPs were to do legally or otherwise They were to take those commands from the interrogators he said One interrogator told me how commonly the detainees were stripped naked in some occasions wearing women's underwear He said it is your if it's your job to strip people naked yell at them scream at them. He only ate them It's not gonna be too hard to move that to that from that to another level It goes on and on. Yeah, it's just a big cover up. There's all kinds of crap going on and rummese felt was behind it was the name of that operation a code a say p a copper No, not a say p oh It's in one of these stories. I'll get to eventually copper Copper head oh, you can't say that anymore. Oh, sorry We're just talking about pennies They're having a sale of pennies right? Copper pennies, right? tastes like a Anyway, Stuttermen Gills says what about woppy goldburg? Oh, oh man Meals that I have eaten years ago are starting to force their way back up thinking about woppy goldburg And those dead locks Oh, here's once his queen Elizabeth She is extraordinarily ugly now. What do you know? What do you expect her to look like and was she good looking when she was younger? She was just regular no, was she was not regular. She was now like the nasty ass Batonburg looking bitch The house of Windsor man. I mean, it wins your raceway. My friend Marty Adler. I do like you know Especially when Kevin Wallace and Brad Kramer are driving on Wednesdays and Sundays at Windsor Raceway, but other than that But the house of Windsor that you know what they say in China, don't you a fubman drear Where they say hubsy and drears something like that first shop on your yiddish get a ride Let's see here's my all boy this year and like this one. She's a great person that says but what about let me give you a clue. She's a little Crazy shaky. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course our door. They've our girl Jan. You go boy Jan or Reno you know too bad she didn't win that I think we got sucked into that whole bill. Look, Brian deal He had a Chinaman chance and hell. How come we have an ending calls about the hard rock casino thing yet? Cuz they're all busy in there. They're probably having a good time plunging their guts out See the idea that we don't have gambling in a state and I read a couple letters to editor into papers this week Oh man you old farts about all arrest of us to have a crappy time and I'd enjoy life You people are just just take the dirt and I'm right now, okay? Just just crawl under the dig a hole in the ground crawling there and if somebody shovel you under an exit get lost We'll put a little pansy on top of your gravesite. I mean stop already You ought to see somebody's letters. I know you don't read it and I only do it cuz I do these show my fingers dirty But oh brother The last thing we need is more gambling and what they're there was one in the paper yesterday And we got to close that again. We got now. Yeah, yeah, and church being go to right Oh, no, no, no, never gonna happen man Now watch yourself How about the cow lottery the cow paddy a lot. I think you got one like good clearance Thomas said one talk over to line is what you got I wish And then after that then you get in tracks 567.0560 pound 560. We'll get some spy reports this week on the hard rock casino Joe Costello called me and told me about it the other night I know I already said that but I'm I just keep repeating that because I have no idea when he might be listening and as much as I like him a lot He's a great guy don't call me at home. I do yeah, you know We have nothing more to talk about if I find something out if I Know about anything I'll put it on the ear and then everybody in town will hear about you know I'll come on and say oh, guess what Joe's gonna be I was most starting on Monday or you know something like that or you'll call Barry Jackson I know I will not he's already got his story. He's got his mole. Okay. I wouldn't call Barry Jackson if he had a million dollars in cash waiting for me in small bills Okay, very jackass only a only a complete shameless idiot would Concert with very jackass only somebody with absolutely no self respect Because birds of a feather consort together You know what I'm talking about I do what are you talking about great. Hey, that's what I'm talking about 26 after 11 at 560 WQ or you still reluctant to buy a bed over the phone for 25 years millions of people are dialed 1 800 mattress and a TT RES for lowest possible prices in the best brands in betting The easiest possible way to buy a mattress because there's absolutely no risk if it's not perfect in every way Just call them back for a full comfort exchange Completely free within 30 days Not a man no extra fees no strings attached dialing actresses ranked number one a customer satisfaction and their winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call 1800 macros You'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule when it's convenient for you and the best customer service in the business Why would you waste any of your time slipping from showroom to showroom and wasting a lot of money to dial on mattress has the complete line of cealy surd a king corals Simmons temper Pete experience of an honest foster from Kendall to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers dialing actress can deliver the finest bedding around anywhere I've been using them for years and believe you may it's a piece of cake just one easy call as all it takes Just call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or log under their website at mattress.com give McCall right now toll free 1 800 mA TT RES And local this is 4 20 5 60 I tell you nothing have it your way. I hate to resort the torture, but you leave me no alternative Hold him down and put the phone up till is here You have reached great Satan HMO to be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down press I'm not me to be transferred to someone who tell you your prescription is not covered Press 2 This is a human to talk to someone who automatically deny your claim Press 3 You're violating the city of the city to speak directly with a great Satan HMO representative who will make you repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you Press 2 Good news by the way Georgia here that Todd Rex working on a great Satan HMO game on a year for a tomorrow So you can get some spots 1132 at 5 60 WCM we got the mad dog We got the Hebrew hammer and we got Marlon stuff man Marlon's in Houston and I feel tried again try to get it right I See the only head like about 12,000 people are last night That's at least in the box score which means that we had like 9 or 10 now what are the excuse I guess will be that everybody all the sports fans were staying home watching the heat lose That must be it right. What's the excuse gonna be tonight no more heat games? They're done they give the van in effort. They got beat the 73 70 lost. They're done So any panther playoff games? No, no, oh, maybe they're all gonna be homeless to watch Calgary and San Jose I don't think so By the way, let me just say this Tampa Bay as much as I like them. They really have a very very exciting good team But Tampa Bay lightning and the Calgary flames if it turns out that's the matchup in a stand-up finals The networks are going to kill himself not to CBC because we got one Canadian team there. Hey, but man Oh man a matchup made in purgatory Calgary and Tampa Bay. Oh my goodness Anyway, the article that the guy was facts me before which is on our website atrocities in Iraq I killed innocent people for our government It's a very long interview. It's on the arrages.com I just I'm just gonna read a very little bit, okay? Cuz it's a Honduras one of the pluses in interview. It's a question and answer thing We forget what wars about what it does to those who wage it knows who suffer from it Those who wait were the most I've often found our veterans who know it Chris Hedge's New York Times reporter author of wars a fourth that gives us meaning So that For nearly 12 years staff sergeant Jimmy Massey was a hard core some say gung-homorine In fact, you know what his favorite word was for three years. He trained fellow Marines in one of the most grueling indoctrination rituals in military life marine boot camp with a without Dr. Laura and the Sally Jesse Raphael The Iraq war changed Massey the brutality the sheer carnage of the US invasion Touched his conscience and transformed him forever He was honorably discharged with full severance on the last December 31 and is now back at his hometown wingsville north Carolina When I talked with Massey last week he expresses remorse at the civilian loss of life and incidents in which he himself was in Vana I just will read one brief question and answer What does the public need to know about your experiences as a marine answer? The cause of the Iraqi revolt against the American occupation what they need to know is we killed a lot of innocent people I think at first the Iraqis had the understanding that casualties are part of war But over the course of time the occupation hurt the Iraqis and I didn't see any humanitarian support And it goes on a great life and you really should read it. I'm not sure if you're one of those headline readers. Oh gee, they chopped off that kid It's head. Yeah, and all we did was take some pictures with some underwear And put them people back into hood They kind of bombed us. Maybe out of put Ricky Williams back into hood Straighten his act out. Aren't you concerned about that? I think it's really an oldman that they brought in clearance token Thomas to lecture the law How much he's paying in Oh, I would say Fine, he's I'm sure he's got a lot better crap than you're good. I'm sure from jealous in fact even Troy Strafford said at this morning Said he's he's only wishes that he'd get the good straw That's what Troy Strafford said our bald head and geek he's good guy Troy. We actually like him a lot for a sales guy especially We like Adam and we like Troy and worth the sales department hum and dread Well, they're somebody on is there somebody nice? I mean do we like skipping? No, we can't skip stand skipping idiot Todd Rekke. I don't want to ever mention his name again Gary Sarner. Oh, man. All I can say about him is oh Somebody sneak his mother in a pork and cheese sandwich for Gary Sarner for lunch. Yeah Yeah, go over to throw a toiletopical You want to pork sandwiches and then just just to make sure how tripe it really is sneak a little bit of cheese on her to some melted cheese wiz or something Just to make sure it's really tripe and he'll burn and hell. Oh, oh God Anyway, who is the ugliest big name female rosio Donald 61 rosy now we got one here that we can play. I don't know Yeah Play as much as we can So we can't anymore If you would rip me, my true word and do it. Oh my god. And be a cry. That's the one with which the wreck. Rosie, your don't hold. Give up all the lives. Now I hope never lay that messy life's God. I have no line. And I said, she wouldn't play the whole thing. I'm right. There's one market down on your calendar, we're a daily planner. Rosie, your don't want to be like her lady Madonna. A lot. Hmm. If I any bit that's done to that tune, even if it's a crappy bit, which that one's the green of very good. Now, fan ass Rosie, that's another story to be on. Yeah. What? I bet it's not even in here. It's in there, but yeah. There's fan ass Barbie. Alright. This one's every little more delicate with those things. Oh, that has really pleased going away. Find a new way to attack the big o' home. And eat your o' home. Stop. Until you explode. Just like your back fat child and lady. Tuck you by two sheets on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from two. You can't see your toes. But you can. Faster, piggy, cool, go. How to be fat disgusting in pasty. Oh, I think that's enough. Well, no, it's in those last few seconds that's sure. And I'm just not in training for that right now. Because the problem is that these, it's back hots don't match what you in a burden Toronto. And anyway, and I just don't need to grief. Five, six, because we don't want muffler and energy. I heard something in on the air. Oh, where the gray area. Yeah, you're in a gray area. Just take out the yard. Anyway, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I mean, I come back here a month later. The same crap with the pots on the board of the lights, the light, the light even the mic switch, which under the circumstances that we're in that we can't say into this and that. And everybody's so peeing in their pants. You think that the mic switch that had the light that would work. It doesn't sometimes it does. Sometimes it don't. And the other one at the Florida flicker when light keeps the flicker and out. Can't be bothered with that. Monday morning, our commuters like a whole bunch of these things on a 360 over here to want to make these sounds like that. And they're like, uh, just been erased, deleted. Delotted, deluded, and deleted. And between the two of them, they just spent too much time, much much too time, as to ask. That's, that's what it's all about. Yeah. Yeah, poppin pills and sitting around. As to ask, just like rush. Man, it's, uh, kind of a story set. I'm sorry. Five, six, seven, oh five, who's 60? Pound five, 60 on the AT and see and Verizon wireless line. What a place, man. What a place. Get me out here, can. God. It is just, uh, and these people all that and the, yeah, see, the audience doesn't even come close to getting it. That's a sad part. Everything that they think is stick is real. And what they think is real. That's, they, they just don't stick it. That's their problem. No, that's all right. I don't really care. The paychecks are showing up on time. As gone, uh, clearance, you're doing something. What's musto and what's her excuse besides listening to those book of Brian bits? You know, there's only like four or five every week. That can't just to fire five day a week. The better it'll be. Five. Oh, that's right. I forgot. They don't want to pay for number five. And of course, who's number six? You are number two. Five, six, seven. Yeah, that might. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Pound five, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. We need to come in and hold our hand. See, if they were really on top of things, they'd a drag time wreck right there a lot of here instead of distracted me. 25 minutes of, back by pat pat before the show. That would be part of their job. It protecting the assets. I should have shot video. I mean, he, he was hopping up in Dallica. I like a Mexican jumping bean and heat. And by the way, Todd, the answer is still. No, no, I don't want anything to do with you. Just go away. W. W. M. Hello. Good morning, Neil. I'm warrior. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I got a hard rock, fire report. Please. Okay, I was there on the second day. And I absolutely, we had no problem parking and no problem getting in. No problem getting to the poker table. But as far as the decor, I mean, if you, if you're really thin car, you think your invag is except this old gambling. You know, they've got those phony slot machines and they've got the poker tables. But the hotel itself is beautiful. It's gorgeous. Top notch. But as far as the slots go, you know, I just don't trust those engines. In Vegas, you know, they've tell you at 99% payout. 90% payout. Yeah. Yeah. Here they don't tell you anything. You know, they haven't, they don't have to legally tell you what the payout is. I don't know. I've heard him, man. Yeah, if you're lucky. I'm lost about 40 bucks. My brother and little one about three 50 playing polka. One thing I did notice between the daytime and the nighttime. The daytime is you would think as far as the people there. You're in an old age home. Right. But it's brilliant. Because everybody else is working. Yeah. The average age is dead. But at night, the class starts to come out a little bit. You know, you got a hot looking babes and people are dressed up a little bit. They got a beautiful concert hall. I ate one of the restaurants and it was excellent. So, you know, it's so far so good. You know, consider what we've got. But I mean, it's lame. I mean, I love going to Vegas or even paradise island. Right. But this has to be like everything else we got here half past. It can't be the real thing. It's got to be happy. And by the way, for your Paul. Yes, sir. Belky, Norris. Stoke isn't right. We got a man. Have a great day. I'll see you at the hard rock. It's 1142 at 560 WQM. The lights are on. The focus the place for all you fat people out there, whether you're on the Atkins. Oh, and they were teasing for an hour the other night on CNN. Well, Blitz Creek. Oh, we've got the breed. Let us just out this hour. The between the low carbon low fat. You know what? What do they tell you? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Few people. Let's certainly not see network man. You people are crazy. The crazy not seen that. We're good CNN. Teased it for an hour. And at the bottom line was absolutely nothing. Anyway, if you're out on low carb diets, like just about everybody is head for Delights a West Book of the number one low carb store in a country. Many of the reduced carb products on the store shelves are geared toward cutting back On carbs, but they're still loaded. Not to lose and wait. Delights a West Book is expert. Tease has always been on losing weight on the weight loss phase of low carb Dating. So you can trust your life on it or somebody else is that with over a thousand products and stock just about all of them, we got the lowest possible carbs that Confident way successful low carb weight loss. Pangeave is some taste and variety. Why you're still losing that weight? The spring sale isn't full so swing right now. So stop on by. Their staff knows dieting inside and out and they're open every day seven days week from 10 an a.m. Bill 10 p.m. Delights a West Book is safely far from Mo's house. It located on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Next to Boston Market. Look this like you're in Tamarick. Or call tool free 1 877 low carb. L.O.W. C.A.R.B. Run Web at slowcarb.com. Delights a West Book. Most definitely is your official Atkins retail center. 5. Local V6 is 560. 3. Zone yours. P.O.A.M. From Washington, DC. It's our players week on Jeopardy. Today's contestant. A belt-way secretary, Donald Rumsfeld. A senior V.T. Dick Cheney. And a chief executive George W. Bush. And now a host of Jeopardy. Alex from Facts. Hey, Johnny. Welcome contestants. Here are the category. You're Rocky Prisoner Abuse. Miss Treatment of P.O.W.s. Unconventional torture and ends with D. All correct responses in that category end with the letter D. George W. Bush. Pick a category. Let's say here. I'm going to go with the answer the day for 100 Alex. Answer. When naked, Iraqi prisoners are piled up on another, they form this shape. Donald Rumsfeld. What is a triangle? Incorrect. Remember all responses end with the letter D. George W. Bush. What is a triangle? D. Oh. Dick Cheney. A pyramid? Form of a question, please. Of course. Who's the idiot that released the pictures of the naked Iraqis making a pyramid? Correct. Now choose. I choose to blame it all on Donald Rumsfeld. Hey. I like that. Good one, Dick. Thank you. Thank you. On sorry, gentlemen. Blaming Rumsfeld is not an option. Won't a bad. Hold that thought. We have to take a break. That was more. Jeopardy. Our players. After these words. So that's going to be our poll question tomorrow. Donald Rumsfeld. Old goat or scapegoat. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 11. 702. 11. 8. Let's hear what we learned in German as German as German. I feel just like as you are my dear brother and when you need to learn that's why you are so not buying I'm not going to... I'm going to do this I'm going to do this I'm going to do this I'm going to show you In a two night It's like two little babies You're right, that's enough Oh man, I'm a disc What's all good is that? You haven't got anything in this DCS this year I just take this and throw the trash if I were you But I'm $100 bills you got there You got a fixed reward Pastents Holy moly see 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 Oh man, it's bigger than I just played You almost threw me off I'm a big bull's-your-toss it around I did break it up I did break it up I did break it up I did break it up If I give it to you now I'll never get it back in time You can't have it Oh man, I got a list I've got people waiting to read it Now go ahead I won't read it to me anyway Oh I see No, this is the one you got to read Maybe I'll let you take a look at the pictures Some of the deform babies from the years I'm American soldiers and things like that Oh no, I don't want to see that Why? Because we don't do anything wrong No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no That's just me depleted uranium That's not a rakey kid Here's a little kid with the like you Short arms and all the east I'm like a real man I like it I like it a lot At any rate We only do good Does it hold button? And then let me say it again To about the one picture I think is really worth a billion words Where the hell is it? Where they're climbing over the remains of some Where are some tank? Where where the hell is that thing? Oh here it is And you mean after the go for ally troops Kind of board chatter to rakey vehicles and search the souvenirs And a spray paint them with graffiti No one was ordered the possible long term Health has it posed by Lingering the pleaded uranium residue I see So in Vietnam we had agent orange In a wreck of war one we had depleted uranium And a bunch of other things as well And now this one we got the more depleted uranium and some other crap as well Not to mention all the landmines that people keep Step step on driving on or Little kids keep picking up and playing little games with low helping I'm dead those are landmines of love So if they don't know how to use them right there That's if we had princess Diana Still here right that was her big thing You know the landmines? Yeah that's what they told her to be right Posture couch right right well all the burden they got to do something Besides just around the cinema right on horses playing croquet and silly as crap like that Everyone around the kilt Yeah the brits I think let's invade England I don't even know where lower. They got nothing we want even their cuisine sucks. Oh man Fair So like I said let's invade Saudi Arabia. Okay, hook up the host. I'm telling you I've been telling you that for years And you don't have it in here until we blow a package. Now you see you got nothing here I'm gonna be in there at St.Cent until we blow a package then It's not in there It wasn't in here the last time I was here and you guys certainly haven't been doing any work since then So well, why would it be in here? No another stuff in there Ha ha ha ha ha yeah, but that's an important bid. I don't have it here. I didn't bring stuff that ancient In fact, I got all the stuff at my DCS all I'm just gonna put away Yeah, so I wouldn't bring him here. I'll find it. No, you will not find it. We went through this last time I was you you don't have it. I probably took that this way with me. Yeah, you did that's why. Yeah, would you never of course Anybody got around to put in here because beiner boy. He was to be the lay on the floor getting mouth to mouth With for real. They were doing the old mouth to mouth with for real. Didn't do that. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. That's beautiful for sure I'm gonna tell you right now Greg weed ought to be on deathro just just for that whole for real business and I'll take it this to Oh, God, and that is that we had any middle-level management people would any cohones. They would have said, please Greg, please don't do that now We we aren't gonna allow you to do this. It's like what you're dealing with somebody who's absolutely irresponsible You know what I'm talking about? Like the president and you have to be strained them. You have to like get the straight jacket and the butterfly net and just keep them occupied so that you can get them past whatever Deletus to his theory is and move on to something else our middle-level management people. Oh, I agree. Hey there, too busy asked to ask man Here's line nine WQAM I might be good if we could hear it. Yeah, it's not a Jun Taylor died too. I'm sure you didn't mention that from the Jun Taylor dances So that's for really old fart crowd like me and Vokabra was a wall back with those and the Jackie Lee's no show What no she just died a couple days ago. No, never mentioned it. Oh, she was 86 that's all enough, ma. Who? The Jun Taylor dances you never heard them no, didn't miss a thing I'd like to rockets WQAM hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you have Monica Wink? Yes, we do as a matter of fact, and she's doing fairly well for I'll be picking. What? Really a big name. How she's not Reverend Jones. I know who it was. Don't don't be give me a song to dance I know exactly who it was a simple and imvisual man and idiot an Absolute loser of the worst kind the great one You know if this is your life man calling some stupid ass radio show like Juan for a little of Anna and Reverend Jones man Maybe the two of them can a local be a match made in purgatory They can go up to Providence town this weekend up to P town and vacation in Cuba right Of that's right. I think drive right on up to Canada right up to bore across the border hop on a plan on air Canada fly right to Ivana, man Roll up some of the big fat stokees and bring him back even though they're not good anymore Other than I know that I Think one of these days just just to prove a point I'm gonna get out of plain in Toronto. I'm gonna fly to Havana All right, go on. He's the hotels here. I'm gonna visit little alienito Right, how old would he be now? I don't know why it was six years here. Yeah, what you was at but he'd be about ten. Well, much much much too young Not thinking maybe another nine or ten years after I'm retired. I'll go get on a plane flight of an to be the correspondent and then I'll check out like Remember the Aboules were chair things work. What is it about 20 measuring it I didn't say what yeah, it it it That depends on what remember what Clinton said depends on what it means Yeah, see that so it could be any hard your ass in for that hearing on this show today Say well, I know depends on what it means on was is did the split that stuff 560 it's I mean stop and think about this. It's enough to make you want to cry The American public like I said they have no clue what's going on in the world most of them and in the meantime Here's I got to hit like a couple of jobs and the blue dress and the stain all this other crap. Yeah, but he's a slot and he lied about his sex life Which is nobody's freaking business even at ice prints at his salary if she wasn't such a dyke Maybe he might be getting some from her body wasn't And so and so the whole country the whole world laughed at us when we were dragged to that crap in the meantime Osama's doing his thing. He's got all the cells over here. I'll sleep ourselves in her plot and all of this crap And we're bogged down here the whole country with whether bubble got a job And now we got a guy that's got he's got people over there based on a pack of lies even colon polytheid admitted that it was a pack of Misinformation in say lies, but we know what it meant when he was when we were watching the palm trees on me depressed Yeah, they lied they made up stories and then of course it became something Well, he must have been a goods for those. I'm a well. I was a bullcraft, too. Well, we're there for operation Iraqi freedom He's a bad guy And then of course all of this stuff that they're finding that he's supposed to sit in gas and the mustard gets This is just a little sloppover from what we gave him back in the 80s. That's all it is We gave it to him here by all means use it on the Iotola man use it on the Iranians have a great time Kill him yeah, and we didn't want him to win all we wanted was a stalemate Right, which is what we got a stalemate Yeah, do we have democracy in Iran? No, are we ever gonna have real democracy in Iraq? So what are we talking about we had a stalemate he was fine We could have kept those inspectors in air for 100 years They could have kept him on the run I mean you see what a great what a genius he was they found him in a damn holding the ground I mean we could have had there was no problem there. It was obfuscation. It was window dressing Stoggipony show And we could have spent a hundred billion dollars instead of finding Osama, Yamama and Zarkawi dead or live Which and that's another great thing But we killed him the first time and then we didn't kill him. He lost his leg and Oh no, they didn't lose his leg again and the voice on it recording on that tape of the beheading wasn't him Oh, yeah, no, it was him and he's the one that did it Zarkawi. Are you sure? They are okay I mean he may be dead, but look if I'm as can do that show Almost think he's French is facial hair is not so nice check the carefully for life There goes the great sedan Yeah, but doctor said the dumb open wide But he could have find anywhere Inside Side of home That is where we found this troll raised his hands and went himself Very soon he will rock and help at last President Bush is so glad because they found this going back down in the spider hole I like that I had a dump that I didn't even know it because they said back all that back 12 16 at five 60 I apologize to the audience that award that we've used 80 billion times That's about as harmless as it gets, but I don't want to hear any tears any national teeth and any of those other We're going to cheese crack me like a red over the line. Yeah I mean that's an ACN bit and there's stuff as about his tame as it gets no question even Janice what was your name? Horowitz what was your name on ding dong school? Francis Horowitz. I say even she never was the same thing as tame as ACN They were not about your potty mouth. They do it in other words. They do pretty boring stuff most of the time But that was timely it all about Sodom down in a hole, but they said Bag they must have been thinking about Todd Drek and Gary Sarner See up until this day I never realized that the two of them were in leak together until you told me that And I realized that they they're two peas in the same pod 5 670 560 Oh, so anyway I interrupted you interrupted me at noon after I played the Mois see you, which is one of my all-time favorites And I just thought I'd mention it on the air because I'm sure that nobody in the building is gonna tell them because nobody here wants to look you right in the face and tell you that you Yeldy I hate to break the news deal, but Joe Rose kind of quartered me in a haul this morning when I came in and he said The last if it's the last thing I do I'm gonna make sure that guilty is not on the show I don't want any part of me's not a bad guy's a good kid. I don't I work alone is what he said He'd really say any of this but I'm just making it up, but what? Look that's what he was thinking when you know how my psychic power is now you could pick it up I haven't even seen Joe since I've been back, but I did he just you could just tell us I walked by that corner there Joe Rose was in there thinking I don't want no intruders interlochers on the show If I get on see and Zach we're doing that fake Harvey Green voice at the end of the show They're pretty lame, but nevertheless You know he he he he he he doesn't need anybody else to come on there and try to be like a superstar Now when we talk about how much guilty is pulling down from this place and all of his other sorted jumps at that point Then you will hear George cry like a woman on the air for the first time. No, okay. Yes, you do. That's all good Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha more power to everybody right power to the people 567.0560 560 on the AT and T in Verizon where I can't believe I had a believe that the spider hole. I mean, it's so innocuous I think the people in this building have taken that whole thing a little bit too far if you catch my group Just a wee bit too far I mean talk about airing on the side of caution, but airing on the side of paranoia and psychosis and idiocy and stupidity and balllessness I mean, I don't want to say if we got anybody to building as absolutely no balls at all, okay? That that hasn't even got like one little cone, but I mean 567.0560 rosio Donald's got 86 who is the ugliest big name female rosie 86 and her burn heart 75, but they hate Sandra burn heart every time we do one of these similar like that Really a Linda trip 58 see that cruise 51 Janet Reno 29. I I tell you who we left off of here If I can find it in this thing here, and I guarantee I won't be able to Oprah. Yeah, she looks like else He'd have been counting a bad day all they had to do is put a bone through her nose and she looks just like a hey, what no no seriously Let's talk about Africa. I'm just talking about L.C. the board in county ring a ring through her nose or is it carnation? No, board and carnation they have a ring around the collar I have the ever ring around the wrecko. Oh no Yeah, let's get her on your Oprah, okay? Well, we're thinking about it Oprah. She's gruesome Linda trip 58 see that cruise 51 quit picking on Celia man I'm spikster gonna take it out on you. They're all gonna be listening to CMQ FM to that Guillermo Schwarzkai. They're gonna take it out Yeah I've seen it What do we what are we talking about here? I just lost it. Oh, Janet. We don't 30 and 30 for Janet Barbara Streisand 27 and Corridor 20 Credit Vance Suster in 16. Criminal Parker Bowles 12. Woopy Goldberg 10 Chelsea's got nine. Oh, she's she deserves so much more than that Joan Rivers five Dr. Judy deans got five with his big horse teeth that Hyena bitch Shears got four monochrome winsky four rosanne four saline deon four Gloria step on four spilky's the raise got three Madeline all bright three Queen Elizabeth's got a pair What a horrendous thought that it's oh god. I just about to tell what she's playing along the oh Well in that book the Royals by kitty Kelly. Yeah, she said that what else did the husband? Prince Philip That he just he and what he had first of all he had some horn every port in the world So he was like traveling all the time But the other reason he was always traveling is because he couldn't get her out of his bed You know that it's the royal family they got separate bedrooms. He couldn't get her out of there She's just a real slut really well whoever knew a queen that wasn't a slut Nancy Grace won an Oprah just went on there. She'll magically move up that list make no mistake about Oprah. Yeah WQA Jesus a little bit too loud for me pal a little bit too loud just tone it down a little call back or not call up One for a little event. We'll give you his number. I'm good. WQA. I'm hello Yes, sir I was kind of a star Jones Who was it star Jones? Yeah, now that from the view. Yeah, I know Good choice. Thank you I thought he said will he star Jones. Yeah, we got it. Well, but the star Joe was kind of ugly and then will he star Joe die? I believe I think he did pops It was kind of a drug thing in those days and they probably dug out their Dave Parker or pops I'll it wasn't just chicken on a hill with will but that's an understurf at about Prince people five six seven. Oh five but what? Doesn't that I know you don't have any idea what I'm talking about what you know who Bob Prince was We play that the clips there the pirate broadcast. Sure even though you don't like your sports You know at least who that is so that puts your way up on most of the little drop the bit What bit that bit the Bob Prince to not bet that whatever it is Call the clip of the frame the piece. What you have in her right chunk kiss it goodbye That's why when some smuck like Dave what's his name the devil Brian says kiss it goodbye I like to put my foot up his ass, okay? Still a material from the late Bob Prince you ain't no Bob Prince. Okay, Bob Prince was a friend of mine I see you ain't no Bob Prince. David Brian doing ESPN games on a weekend like did the Z game the backup Where it all he is now the thing that they fired Joe Angel and to bring him in and then he like Oh, can I go to his p. N instead please John Henry? What a jerk and I we got this Dave and boring guy who nobody on it I guarantee he must have found the send naked pictures rubber creepers got I heard modus more kissing creepers ass He would do an asphot for some cell phone thing And creeper the oh yeah, I got I like it. I made a whole bunch of calls. Yeah, yeah nine calls Robert creeper he's put on here that tells you the desperation that more space of The way to put Robert creeper on here. Come on, well, it's bad enough one from a little advantage. That's bad enough But Robert the creepier creeper self-hating piece of turd Let's stick him Gary Sarner and Todd Drec in the same boat The bottom Yeah In fact one of them some crews one of them crucial would be good Flaming cruises will make sure that all the food on there's kosher 56050560 much that we bring kosher flowers to the tomb sites too Two bad Gary Sarner's playing didn't crash coming back from New York WQM hello Hey, I tell you the real great actress but a Gary troll looking woman. Yeah, and Ramsey And Ramsey who's that And Ramsey A lot of move. Okay, well, we'll take you where I'll put around her. Thank you sir and Ramsey. I know I do that is if I've told you once I told you Yeah, I'm times don't question these callers. They know they're crap. It's a speciality of the house 56050560 don't forget to take a look at him basing her She's on the naked as a jabber done our website today near oranges.com and then take a look after you see that and say wow look at that Maybe you'll take a look at Alexander the great carry and you'll say oh Look at that you put your thumb up so you can't see your face. It's pretty good picture No, it's not like I said if you put your thumb up no because you already I've already seen it See some of the good I have two vivid imagination and a good memory even though I have got my Alzheimer's going Pentagon stops payments to Iraq's Chalope long overdue. That's because they were embarrassed into it The Pentagon has stopped funding thick tennis good personal friend Ahmed Chalope the Iraqi Exhaust it once helped my leader rac put his intelligence reports and motives were down in elsewhere And Washington US officials said yesterday the Pentagon had beginning Chalope's Iraqi National Congress roughly 340 grand a month a US defensive official speaking on condition of anonymity said the Pentagon made its May payment to the I and see and that was the final one no-mo Just like those pictures if nobody would have ever found out right and of course the same thing with this The official said there have been no decision on whether there would be any further Pentagon relationship But she lobbies organization the nature of any future interactions with the I and see his end-a-term at this time They said deputy defense secretary Paul Heinrich Kimber Wolfowitz said cutting off money to the I and see was the decision that was made in light of the process of transferring sovereignty to the Iraqi people right We know it felt it was no longer appropriate for us to continue funding in that fashion. He said to a known Criminal felon Exstortionist all of these things evil do or oxmaid Chalope Who's nephew? Whatever it is the niece whoever that want to say lemon chocolate is also on the Iraqi government council just by coincidence It's a family affair just like the whole bush thing. It's a family affair and by the way how's what's your name doing Terry Shiveo? I am Charlie the gay I am Charlie the gay I am I am I was married to princess I she never even knew that I was buying and now everyone knows Charlie Charlie Like to give his way to a man. I'm a gay old prince. I'm Charlie Charlie the gay I am Second first just as per verse I am Charlie the gay I am Charlie the gay I am I am I think man. I'm really keen That's why someday maybe I'll be queen my boy friends name is Camilla Camilla I love him cuz she looks just like a man like a man. I'm a gay old prince. I'm Charlie Oh Charlie the gay You He he Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie the gay I am I am Charlie the gay I am I have no life 1231 at five 60 WQM here's the fact I don't agree with this at all Martha Stewart I think she's ugly. I think she is now now I'm not gonna put her on air she was she was what she used to be a model or something didn't she she not she's like minutes lately Kind like pain Jane look initial last few years although Sean in the hallway gave me one. Yes, he Arthur oh Man, she always see what that be It's a man baby what that be honey what that thing thing anyway be Arthur did you put it on? Yeah, yeah, here go Moan and Claude Let's see somebody says Grace Jones. Oh, yeah Grace Jones is not just not just ugly but strange Pecure looking weird out of from another planet from Uranus Here's one that says from Tucker who's a faction again because he's out of control Condolisa or it says is Dr. Rice on the pool serve for the duplication that's Dr. Rice to you Tucker, okay and by the way, sir. I have that bow tie Tucker You know what the they call his mother don't you? Yeah, yeah bitch 560 560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Rosie O'Donnell 94 Sandra Bernard 82 Those seem to be the ones one of those little boxes on my thing there what is that? On the pull result where did I come from Eric I got four little boxes on the first four voted selections there Do you know I can't exactly With that fine piece of equipment that you have in there my fault. Oh, I know it is it's those little pink Percentage things that all the grass right the grass The bottom is a Steffi graph Rosie 94 Sandra Bernard 83 Linda trip 67 the ugliest big name female And again all inspired by John Kerry's daughter which we didn't even only had that daughter right no After in a broom closet and again we can see why I sure hope to same go and have an him in the polls that happened a hour dean after he let his meat sky wife on the loose Dr. Judy Dean Sure, which we had that bit and I apologize for that print Charles. That's only when you got here. That's not the good one. Oh, okay With the queen on the phone So we don't have anything good. Oh Well, I'm doing the best I can. WKOM hello Oh disgusting Grotesque cow like and Nicole Smith seems to be like we've done this pull before having me Sort of not this really not this one One Huh not this one and if we did so us okay, who is the ugliest big name female never did that But she any pull that similar like this. She always gets on her because she's discussing in Rotesque and there were a lot of guys who think she's Really hot. She just be Before she came to her 500 and now she's down to 450 though. She lost the weight, but she's still kind of scared She's slim and we're down big time. Make me think of that. What's that one old AC in bit? The summertime bit about slather on at the you know the one talking about which one solar oil Oh, so a sole oil of us what is that oil of the<|te|>? sole. Yeah Is that it something like something like this? We're actually fine with it or not we have a book Yeah, for those Why were you looking up on the top there? Oh? Because those just go back. Yeah, I'm not gonna where you couldn't me spanned this all the time Just so maybe it's in here. I'm sure it's not no, but it's on the desk because see I put a whole bunch of good ones in my DC Oh damn it all in my library. I'm way ahead of you guys you guys got crap. How many QM hello? About moe Griffin. I WQM hello Neil. Yes, sir. I have someone for your poll. Yes. How about John Lennon's wife? Yokele. Yeah, what if your name even your name is so good? You were good point. Thank you, pal. He's a matter of fact. Too bad. She was not there. And well, that's bad We said that all the time. Well, what can they ever hear right? Dammit, bitch? Yoko ono, man. Those guys were the Japanese wives. I'm sorry, Eric Eris wife actually is lovely. So beautiful. She must have bad eyesight or It needs to stay in the country Oh, then I'm not that terrible. I can't Whoa, I can't believe you said that all of you may be on a something WQM hello Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm going to answer them all Friday any suggestions. Yeah, get some of fries there Get some flumps of freezes. Okay, get some good fries with mayonnaise Any suggestions go away. It lost baby get out of my face Go away away. Okay. In fact, when you see all the big canals with a dirty brown water Hop in it, okay? Forget about them glass bottom boats. You don't even know boat just hop into canal Stop over the coffee houses first you'll be or maybe a few of the magic mushrooms will do the trick for you Just hop into your canal have a good time 560560 pound 5608 T and T horizon wireless line say how do the pet rat or McDonald's there on the dam rat? The one that hangs out on the your fries and the what do they call it thing? Or they're frying the fries the fryer one of them. I guess, but I mean the fryer the deep fry that fryer On the deep fat fryer's there to pet rat. It's been there for a couple of years now Every time I go in or never fail to see it comes out. Hey, hi, oh it does run out He's not like a dead rat. It's just there. No, no, it's not a dead rat. It runs around and you and you I don't want to say anything I mean what are you gonna say? Eca rat yeah, but they got to know that it's there see what I'm saying right? And I mean when you're there they purposely never look there and it's a rat coming I mean how many times have I been in that place When I've been the last couple of years maybe twice and now that I found the Albert Hein to go a Little supermarket there. I wouldn't dream ago in the McDonald's again ever But I won't I've only been there two or three times and I and that McDonald's in last year And every time I go in there it's there You see what I'm saying catch this being coincidence Maybe they just let it run around is kind of like a curiosity things everybody's like oh my gosh You see the little rat that runs around all the deep fry McDonald's on the damrak and I'm saying me Yeah, it's not a pest. It's a pet yeah. It's a pet rat Or maybe it's a durable W to Q a.m. Hello Great up on susturn She's on us here right up on susturn. She's already on there very poor reading number one and number two She's already on there Right up on susturn. It's like we said that but terrible W to Q a.m. Hello Yes, I'd like to add Barbara bush to the Paul excellent choice Thank you. Thank you so much Martha Washington or Barbara bush ever seen together same person And maybe Betsy Ross to 5670560 that whole bush clan man, and that's spelled with a K they just to turn my innards Nick we want a puke and Don't forget we got eight years after the bush master wins after W to get another four and we got eight years of jib Then we got eight years of George P Everybody come out in the park and watch George P and then we could start working on the girls and then we can start working on the girls Because by that time they ought to be about 80 Woah This is put 286 that was The truth He is Rest next to Because you know, there's me as good as number one And there is nothing more make me leave Then I took out a few reasons But it's the one I got to see Tonight Tonight Tonight I'll get my friends on the ocean Cut you know The last one didn't make much sense You talk about your convoing Lucions where you know If you listen up the audience If there are any good scenes for Lawrence Fishman True I'll get my friends on the ocean Because it's the one I got to see Tonight Call 44-560 WMH To the Humphorid 4 Marlins baseball Pre-game 630-705 Houston at Florida Right here up to street Who is the ugliest big name female Those are poll questions in the arraju.com When you're through looking at all of them neck and pictures And of course you got to be over the age of 110 And have four forms of ID Rosie O'Donnell 101 Sandra Bernhard 87 Linda Tripscott 69 Wonder how our son's doing See the cruise 58 What? Trippin Is he? Probably tripped on it See the cruise 59 Jan Arino 37 Jan it's making her move Barbara Strasse and Scott About 30 men And quarter 21 Great of ancestor And officer Great of ancestor Retire She's got 19 Will be Goldberg 16 Kivill Parker Bowles 15 Chelsea Clinton and Sully Dion are tied with pedipiece Joe Rivers 8 Monica Lewinsky 7 Spilky's Norway's got 5 Dr. Judy Dean's got 5 Dr. Judy Dean Shares got 5 Rose and his got 5 Gloria Estef on a medal or all bright 4p Same person Dr. Candelise Rice 3 Please Candelise Just go away Queen Elizabeth's got 2 Yoko Onos got a pair Barbara Bush 2 Now what does it say Barbara Bush senior? Because the one daughter is Barbara Bush Junior She is I like to make that yeah it's a Barbara Bush I want to make the distinction So we're going to talk about the president's daughter Barbara Oh And Ramsey 1 And Nicole Smith 1 Nancy Grace 1 Oprah Has got 1 Start Jones be Arthur and Grace Jones Don't have any out of 531 I guess Jones just ain't the right name Apparently How about George Jones 560 560 pound 560 on a 18 and T line WQAM hello Yes sir What about I'm still a big man but you remember those Candelise picked up on your heart Tonya Harding is disgusting yeah Go to the hospital I'm getting a tick on the ringer Like I said 560560 will put Tonya Harding on there You can't do that paly You can't start open up and come off with a like this and that And whatever else goes with that And rat And rat And rat And see he was trying to get back to that rat And I'm still having McDonald's again Do not eat it to McDonald's on the damr act The one right by a dam square There's another one way up the street now Little one They're all over the place As America continues Poison in the world Exploring poison Everywhere we go Some places the poison is in the form of the food Some places it's in the form of the extract Other things 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello You? Yes sir How you doing? Pretty good How about a very miserable 540 poll She qualifies big time Merlin Mitchell with a cat eyes Exactly as very disturbing and also If we put the crews on Friday's polls well Okay Okay Whatever you like paly Have a great day Who's the first one he said? Merlin Mitchell Merlin Mitchell I just can't stand that I was just killing time There he is That's right Staling 560 pound 560 is line nine WQAM hello Hey New York I need to borrow bush How about Dr. Wolf The disgusting rotesco choice Thank you so much Too late Yeah I was just reading a thing about Dr. Lauren Some concert time she had with some guests in there It's I don't know It was so boring I didn't even finish reading the article 560560 Dr. Laura by the way We're placed by the umptious So what is the name Glenn Beck Rams with Todd Dreck? Okay Did it got a search party I looked for his audience and I would be Wow brother Let me say again This radio station here Such as it is Wild Oh I hate that station Amen This QAM thing we got here This is about all that slept The last day You got your little teeny light bulb 1400 there That a few people bought their way on here To like talk Talksports The scores are 42 and find the one And three to six And that's it That's what they got there And then you got IOD It's got all their program Piped in crap It's on 4000 Other radio stations Every replace you drive in a country And you got what used to be WYNZ With its big 50,000 watt signal Also pumping out Roamy and homey And Glomia All the other sports garbage With piped in crap Also by the way Mostly piped in And what else? That's it Any more GBS? No WNWS? No Waxi 790 Where they got that one guy And then his head sein gotta go He opened the door up. Oh, yeah, Game of Schwarz. He's the best. Yeah, yeah Crap, polycrap a community that just refuses to let go. Yeah, but again I want to pick on the speaks because after that juiced stuff last few days Jews were bushed you used for Hitler is what it boils down to right? Yeah, I don't get it. Ah, it's the Israel thing, man If you if people like you on the gill or your boyfriend and there could be hysterical about Cuba when he's never been there He ain't never gonna go there and he's got any interest in being in anything when he's obsessed with that So I shouldn't use the obsessed with this here. Why can't they be just a stupid and stubborn and opposite about crap? Why can't they why can't they devote their lives to being phonetical about crap? You have a pushing good for Israel or Cuba or anybody worse part of it is bush ain't good for America How do you like that? Absolutely correct. I don't give a flying thing about Cuba or about Israel or about any of those other things I care about America and a little bit about Canada. They would not that much See see my heart And all you people that are like living in it and I most of the people that are so phonetical and way if you're so crazy about Israel Go there hop on a bus, okay? How about a bus? That's use that two-pointed how many miles you go And we're even giving you the roadmap. Well on you one. Yeah, we'll show you where the embassy is. Oh, sorry That's the Chinese embassy. We just ordered a couple of big ones doing a bomb on the ground My bad we had to hit an old map again keep making that same mistake. Yeah, we'll send you to a kabut How do you like that? Well even pack you some stale holovah for the trip If you're so crazy about Israel hop aboard, okay if you're so crazy about Cuba Let me tell you what forget about the murkitty little boats come on up to a Toronto right flights believe in every day right there A person airport please don't come into the city. We don't want to see a stay right there a person airport hop on a plane Go to Havana. That effect those converted cars. Oh, you have man right back Kukura a child. I got you just have a great time. They said in the history. You see the story that they fed Elkan lived to 140 There was an area where I should I should have printed a big head in a jar he can live to 140 just to piss off the humans in South Florida Is weighs a little yeah, he's gonna live forever. They live a long time. Yeah, what they mold bearded the spik they live forever and the women to oh Oh, well God's in him man Satan's sick and she's dancing. She's prancing that big guava loving sucking place up in the sky. That's what she's doing She's sucking guava. I like guava director more tears into bush had can festival. He said it in movie if you like it It's in the can American filmmaker Michael Morris Fahrenheit 9 11 a savage in diameter president bush and his handling of Iraq and the war on terror Was tiered and applauded at the can film festival on Monday in fact. They got a 20 minutes standing govation all time record breaking performance 20 minutes standing govation Film critics were warm in praise of the controversial director later called a news conference for America to pull out of Iraq a man Michael It's such a total messy said their way of doing things is offended so many people more said The Oscar winning director's fast-moving film is a telling worker propaganda by a movie maker was mission to deride bush exudes from every frame good It focuses in how America and the White House reacted to the September 11, 2001 hijacking attacks and traces links between the bush family and prominent Saudis Including the family of Osama, Yamaba bin Laden. We had a president who was asleep at the wheel more said Fahrenheit 9 11 has already whipped up an international media storm after the Disney company bar that's Miramax film unit from releasing such a politically polarizing work in a US election year I hope it comes out in America this year said more in it will I do think it's important to care at times like this this time. I was the straight man and Bush wrote the funniest lines. He said The film constantly mocked the president to fish rods from the head down. He said British Prime Minister Tony Blair Bush's closest war ally gets only a brief mention in the film, but more said after the screening What does he do when hanging out with a guy like George W. Bush? I've never understand that it's the weirdest couple I've ever seen even Tony Randall would agree if he was still here today Yeah, I'll talk about him a couple Two years ago the directors anti gun lobby documentary bowling for column bond grabbed the headlines at can and went on to grow 120 million dollars worldwide when I'm an Oscar and light of the current controversy over pictures of Iraqi prisoners being abused his latest film is right up to date And showing American soldiers in the field mocking and posing with hooded Iraqi prisoners This is the first footage of abuse in himillation of these Iraqi detainees more be saying as the film starts the screen goes dark The sound is a plane crashing into the twin towers before the grief of victims families is contrasted with Bush sitting Apparently impassively in a Florida school room for nine minutes after hearing the news More using a mocking soundtrack to great effects shows members of the bin Laden family being flown out of the US after 9.11 Obsurges the song. I got to get out of this place And Washington more is shown on a bizarre recruiting drive He stops congressmen in the street asking if they might consider sending their children as soldiers to Iraq What do you think of that idea he asked before getting the obvious brush off? The film shows the raw emotion of lila lipscom doubled up with grief outside the White House as she contemplates the death of his soldier son and Iraq And one of the most moving scenes she reads out the last letter received from him before his death telling how she collapses on hearing the news over the phone She said your flesh just aches you're not supposed to bury your own son It'll be out this summer Fahrenheit 9.11. It'll be out just in the nicotine and also that I bet you that book comes out too The flurry of the flint yeah The flint stone book you're praying hard and then when we read about that abortion and what a hypocrite and liar We're dealing with people are gonna say holy crap. Oh no. He asked for forgiveness since then so I think I made him okay He's kosher now right well if he's kosher they must be good for Israel Oh, there you go For all those professional Zionist out there who just can't cut the crap Forget about Israel forget about Cuba. Okay. Star-born about America all right Army all you people who are getting the one foot in the up your ass and the other one who knows where the other one in the Kabuts And by the way, you know I'm hearing what he heard a lot of schmutz in the Kabuts That's the room where I'm hearing 1256 at 560 WQM spring into savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead you'll find him on US one 20 minutes out of the 836 armstrong Toyota homestead's worth of drive because they're gonna save you a potload of cash Thousands on great new Toyota's check out these great leased deals waiting on your right now and O4 camera your for runner for just 269 a month before the in months how about an O4 100 just 309 a month needed truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the USA just a 179 a month before 48 months these are just some of the great savings waiting on your right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead don't forget Their service department is even open late to late. We nice to make sure they get all your work done for you and right now Armstrong is making you a deal a life so what you never heard of in your life only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead You get free tires batteries and replacement parts for life at the vehicle That's right tires batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else no place does that So forget about those big-gir car giants and big hot shot dealers who scream in yellow carry on and then lie through their teeth They make all kinds of promises. They don't live up to head for Armstrong Toyota homestead You'll find them at US one and 293rd Street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 Call their GM David Rich and here's the number 305 242 347 he'll make you an offer you can't refuse 305 242 3247 drive a little and save a lot and that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Mom Boy, it's the one to two hour I Will be pleased to find out how many seconds of that you I've watched in my life. Oh right None now what's that? That's not sushi reading here because I'm gonna throw up. I'm gonna vomit I'm gonna puke all over the county here. It's sushi. Oh God. Why I have only one question about why people eat sushi What? My question well there's certain things we want to agree on oh And this is one of a new man Just look at it if you man and of course it looks back at you No, it looks like a tongue what is that? Did you see you yeah got Todd Rex tongue before we left here this morning. Oh, big good for the story in the building is yes Later no, I want to hear it. We got a letter About one from a competitor and that's why I understand We got a letter from a competitor saying what saying this and that and that's why you won't do that spot A letter from a competitor how what I know that? No, no, no, that's not the case obviously yeah I never heard anything about that until you showed me that thing this morning What you ought to say though? We got a lot of we got a copy of an article from a newspaper right But the story that I don't care what the story Yeah his hard wreck can make up all kinds of stories which is especially aligned through his teeth anyway making up crap by the way How's the colleague in man doing time? I don't want anything to do with him. I don't I will if he if he went out tomorrow and sold 15 of accounts for this show for me to win doors I wouldn't do any of You follow him saying I will not do a Todd record count again. He's too much trouble There's too much baggage involved with every single thing he touches. He's got the minus touch and reverse everything He touches turns to pure instant process As a matter of fact since Todd direct maybe a lot how about just calling him the Myster would be good the crap myster while we can say right while we can still say crap on here. He's the crap myster Todd wreck I don't give a crap how many stories there are in the building. I mean you you saw what to deal what went down Yeah, I read the thing I made a decision and I'm not gonna be used in abuse I mean I got a little bit of credibility even after seven years on this guy for second radio station And that's what it's all about if you don't have any credibility how to help can you be on the air? Maybe the last month you're on the air you can sell it all out. Oh there you go. Yeah, well last month that I'm on the air Todd Didn't bring it about your crap. Okay I'll just roll it up We have one other big Charlotte and it was ever got came down to pipe. Yeah. Well, let's fat boy bring in some of that wilted salad from those days restaurants He finds did's on the copper bracelet copper bracelet and session. All right. Okay The copper candle coffee bracelet copper copper 560 we're talking about ugly women baby ugly grow test nasty We're not talking about old ladies somebody facts is me Dr. Ruth. She's an old lady. Maybe she was a hot babe one day 100 years ago No, she might have been About the hottest much can I ever stop. Yeah. There you go hot little lady Right Don't step on her in fact if you want to step on somebody Todd Drek a bigger you could step on him easy like squash and a net Who is the ugliest big name female? Let's our pull question today on the arrogues.com 605 votes in ain't too bad not great not record breaking boy. I got skill keys my my stomach. You know what's from it's from Todd Drek Talk about anything on no, and it's not that kind of thing. It's like a stomach Intestine agida I Got agida and Aljada from Todd Drek being in this morning bugger and a crap and it from what you just told me again I see it just stirred up all the negative juices going through my fat pupic You bastard you Todd Drek don't come in here You make up all the stories you watch just run up and on the hallway like rumple still skin like you were behaving And I don't care and I'll say oh, it's Todd again. You know that's all they'll say What you know is the truth it would be like if there was somebody Standin outside the door with their crying against the wall. I would need to be muffler a Gilbert Who is the ugliest big name female? Rosie O'Donnell 110 Sandra burn heart 93. But do I get a but Jonah want you on his show, okay? I know the only reason I keep mentioning that is because I never know when he might be in a car listening He certainly would have two little kids not listening at home In fact, maybe he's at the track right now. Let's see. It's Wednesday. I probably is Gulf stream run right now or colder. I don't know One of them and I somehow I don't I just never really oh God is punishing us again. We just had the lights that Florida fluker when they're looting here again Is the phone and phone still working As soon as I said they're Jonah my guilty on all of a sudden there was an active punishing me But I just can't see guilty at the racetrack can you just he's such a not yet But but that's where he hangs out He's a racetrack kind of guy and of course when you make it a big bucks like he is right and you can afford to be out there punching your guts out WCWM hello Pretty good, paly What that I say what do you got for us? Tell me about the economy what is it the economy economy what? That the Youth construction for a benchmark in telling how the economy's doing there all these experts are saying the The okay good 56070560 pound 560 it's the economy stupid. Oh wow. He was good WQM hello and yeah, I was a good sir. I want to thank Tom Jika for not covering the biggest non story of this Paul and douchebag going to 109.5 109 point one of I mean just as well. I mean it shows socks old Paul and ain't your own Of course, I why just because they moved them different spot on the diet. I think now they're gonna find the show Right, it's it's but that was that I should point out here that was the same Tom Jika That now did he write a story that I missed about the big numbers dropping off the face of the earth that I missed that? I didn't see no any I look for it every day I didn't see any column like once every Leapier right there. He or he discovers he's got a radio sitting in the trunk of his car So I mean I heard such yesterday. I mean you got a guy that's fairly decent on the air and then they got these two Schwandrics. I said it won't think about such he's a great free meal man. Hey, you know free voters a good thing By the way, it's just told that they're rooting our class of clock rock radio with these two Morons and this idiot Ron only keeps doing his saying Zeta He can't even he can't even get the call letters right at the same we're a podcast You know what at the kept trying to get a job over here all the time and then denied and lied about it I mean I'm saying they made this announcement they're like oh, we have Q and M on the run-up saying that we would do the West minute and then we decided we're gonna stay here They QM on a ropes for what what does he talk to you? I get so I'd add that Drew douchebag rose and half See he keeps saying that and sir. I you know I would love to talk radio because it's the favor because we used actually have radio But you keep saying that word again like right bag and we can't say that Instantly I read you know the guys well intended I hey tying up on him But that's the second time I had a dump him and we just can't do that because then moth is gonna go in there Start crying and then you'll see Duffin Clarence will be having a hold in there meeting there and as to ask and it's just that We can't afford to be doing that anymore tragic, but it's sad. I mean this is just the way people talk very nice He was stuff, but you're living in a fascist country and anybody out there who wants to Excuse it by making in-a-in comments like well bushes great for Israel if if you're willing to give up other not only your own But everybody else is a freedom of speech if you will under a endorsed his Patriot act if you will into a Dorses system where they can just drag you away with no legal representation Then there's something definitely there's a there's a missing link Okay, not the weakest link. There's a missing link between your ears It's what we were your brain used to be and and just this week being here again talking to people Otherwise are very intelligent very articulate and yet they keep throwing his crap in my face About well bushes good for Israel, you know what hum and rare That's what I say about bush and all of this garbage, okay? And you can throw an aerial sharon to and his TV aerial That's enough to make me sick Man, oh man talk about eating too much too many hum and touch in it for a time. Take a look at that type of crap aerial sharon and the worst part of it is in case they ever decided to throw his ass in jail Where prolonged since he is a criminal. Just like I've made them put him in there with the Chalabi Oh, yeah, we're gonna go along fun the worst part of his if they throw him out of there Then I got BB that and Yahoo maybe brain who makes the aerial sharon look like Ted Kennedy Okay, like a screaming liberal piece in our lifetime. Yeah piece of this Anyway, let's see it says I have this half to add Laura bush now and Laura bush is not now I'll put her on there. Oh, you're just gonna go back to your sushi. I think you're gonna put her or a bush is not always She's dumb bitch She's just Yahoo looking at saw she just looks like a I mean compared to Hillary She ain't too bad, right compared to Rosalind Carter she's like a beauty queen Compared to Lady Bird Johnson the only the only attractive wife first lady I can take up in my lifetime is Jackie Kennedy and I'm a little overrated Very much so but she said that I plumbed in my tent Yeah, okay, she was a simple tent. She was a bubble in she was like that right a Bimbed kind like a Brunette Marilyn Monroe which Kennedy's gonna have a thing for that spending money is not a talent right and and Latching under which you know, you know, every one asses. I still think when asses was a Jackie do you use father? I believe that's right. I've read a couple of things about that He didn't look anything like the Kennedy's he didn't look Irish. He looked Greek So no and when I'm reading any inquiry he was in that Greek stuff That's what I heard I'm telling you right now if I'm lying you're dying Best Truman Eleanor Roosevelt. Oh, he's Eleanor Roosevelt. He may janna. We know look like Kim Basinger. Okay. That's how grotesque Eleanor Roosevelt was Even when she was young talk about a donkey push she she looked like ducked in Judy Dean You know like a donkey teeth. What's her name? Mary Todd Lincoln. She was a high in fact. Her favorite song was donkey chain Little crazy who very Todd Lincoln. Oh, yeah, that's a long time ago. How's the play? She filled out a bustle? There were stories about him. I should put out a buddy. Yeah, honest less than honest name But anyway 12 minutes after one if I didn't make any difference right now. Okay, then make a bit of difference. He freed the slaves and look guy Everything went to hell after that. Hey, boom is TV, but a tied definition TV delivered via satellite. Dition HD receiver The picture is so superior regular in TV. It's like comparing the very latest DVD to the very first Kinescope that was made like in back in the early 40s boom is the only entertainment system design for i definition TV It's got the most HD TV anywhere provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HDV experience Including the satellite dish HDV receiver and a remote and sure they don't give one to Gary Sarner because he's a puts Boom is got over 30 channels about Birdman of HD programming you can watch the ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable And they've got audio other favorite channels like HBO MTV even local channels too Such as they are Boom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you. Boom is even got exclusive channels of HD movies Music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite companies with boom You get all the stuff you got now plus all these awesome high definition channels a picture so clear You could reach in there and just squeeze something good call boom today toll free at 1 8 6 6 8 48 86 66 or visit online at boom.com for a limited time off of that includes free installation No upfront cost and no long-term commitment. What's not to like call toll free and start booming today call 1 8 6 6 8 48 86 66 or go online at boom.com and better hurry because the offer ends may 31 Drawer Haveoli I've got to be part of the classic city life Come a warm and sweet show I follow it by tomorrow, a year and a go The funnou's underwear around the world And the next thing you know, I'm looking at the layers and the present I'm listening He's asking me to bend the flame Rectom And no one listens to the wind and the clearance If you want to make your world a better place Michael dropped the soap and bend the flame Hey, I got news from Michael Jackson, good to be sure You don't have to drop the soap anymore Because they got that body wash that everybody's using now Right? I don't know what Liquid soap Wait a minute What just happened to that? To the end of that There it is What they don't call it, Liquid soap I mean some of them do that's yeah Oh, it brings up a kind of use of Yeah, it's up to images of some of the people I've been talking about here The last half of them were which anyway Yeah Oh, Liquid soap, I wonder who that used to be But anyway Yeah Pure ray They call it body wash Even though I'm telling you I'm telling you, my last trip in Copenhagen By the way, it's not Copenhagen It's like you wouldn't call Dave Hagen, Dave Hagen I will know I do like his ice cream that Hagen does But I don't like Hagen Anyway, it's Copenhagen But a Copenhagen in Rome And also in Amsterdam In the Grand Crescent Polsky Hotel They have in the bathrooms They have body wash and the shampoo And the little bottle's giving So soap is becoming a thing of the past Which is great Because like my colleague keeps dropping it And it's not a good thing to do Not a good idea They also give you the little scrunchie that you can Squirt the soap into In fact, Brad, David said it's not a good idea to be dropping that soap Especially when I'm in Turkey And anyway Now, what were you just asking? Did they give you a little scrunchie too No, it's a squirt the soap and the wheels and the scrunchies Come to the camera I don't like them You, that's for women That's what I want to take a bubble bath Or something like that Or what you're talking about Are you just looted gloves? No Oh, and also Chera Or is your name Cheran? The nice lady that came there to take my blood Yeah She sent me, you know, she fact I talked to her last night She facts me the partial results Which I'm still alive But She also on the note of Apologize for leaving her as gloves behind The bloody gloves Yes, seven of them, she might have been listening When she left here Now, what Apologize? Yeah, Apologize for anything Would be real happy about that So anyway, the body washes where it's said Are you guys out there that keep dropping the soap And have an ad problem Get you some body wash and a tolder And when you go to your nearby Walgreens Do not go to Eckers because they will turn on you like a rat When you go to Eck Walgreens They have now the just gigantic jugs Can I say that? No Yeah, gigantic containers of body wash And her all Now, I don't know if you ever used clear all shampoo I must have You know, you don't have all this need like Purple and all those real meat Well, now they make the same It looks like the shampoo In fact, some of the person that I bought it at Walgreens They said, I'm actually using the same shampoo The same crap they just put in a different It's like chef boy already all over They just call it something else And they put the same crap in a container But I mean, just gigantic And that's the way to go It's more, I don't know I mean, soap I never been a big soap guy Although I do have my bring back five from Amsterdam Yeah, and fair from my Arab friends Soap gets hair on it Oh, I don't like that Even though I know it's my own Yeah I don't like you to see I'm glad you mentioned that So I'm not the only person The first thing I do if I pick up her The bar is soap to it in the shower And I see there's a thing in her I think that baby off it or two And she's hair too One of the public hairs Oh Well, no, but you're living in like You know, in a house with your wife and kids And the dog and the bar Even in a world of life Yeah Five, six, seven We're talking about body wand What other show in America? You know, I was I was taking a leak in there during the break And I'm taking it myself Because the sports aspect of this radio station Really bothers me See, when I'm in Toronto I don't have to listen to it Right, because you know, I don't have a car number One number, two, I couldn't hear it in a car Anyway, I can hear it in the studio But I have to be a maniac to listen to Yeah, I have to be nuts But here, I'm driving a working morning And you know, I'm hoping that maybe I don't know I listen only in thinking that maybe something will happen And it never does But Joe, as much as I like Joe a lot I can't listen like 30 seconds I mean I mean I'm just only talks about his sports There's nothing And don't get me wrong Joe is great He doesn't want you on a show by the way, Geldy I love Joe Rose He's a good guy, he's got good numbers in there So I'm just talking for me personally And I thought to myself Let's change the format on QM Let's have a station about stamp collecting Ooh You see what I mean? Ooh, philautalism Yeah To hold the game Yeah, I'm 20, 20 hours in an island this show But you see what I'm talking about I mean, I'm talking about narrow casting We're not just talking about sports fans We're talking about people who have no lives whatsoever And take it like I have no lives To another level Give us these triangular stamps Oh, yeah, triangle And see the interesting thing is There's a collect stamps I've heard a lot about No, the different countries of the world All the British colonies Of course now all those places have changed their names It didn't do me any good now But you know as the youngster I was like a genius geography Because they used to collect stamps from all I'm countries And all the Germany stamps with a Hitler mustache Like a guy I've got the ones with bush and a mustache You like the ones with animals on them Better celebrity The triangles from Australia New Zealand We're very, very pretty And very, yeah Yeah, what kind of did they have Like kangaroos on them Kangaroos Yeah And that by the way, quant is never crashed 560560 Pound 560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line We're talking about the Hollywood Whatever the hard rock hotel And now this fall And I'm sure they'll get that thing on a ballot About the slots at the per mutuals If they don't pass that And it's county option by the way Why should the rest of the state Even though there are a bunch of mugs and Bible thumbers How can they deprive of us of the right Because it'll pass The sun's sent to the deprive And that overwhelming we had Why should they care if gay's get married Right exactly They should they care Oh, but you're going to learn to hell Well, they should be happy Because they'll leave more room for them in heaven Or we're going to be in purgatory So that thing better pass this November Because that's the only last hope That the per mutuals have gotten this state That the whole state is guy This is such a back-ass water place man's pathetic WQAM Hello Yes, sir speaking Deal I don't know I just want to kick off the channel Flow news today I just hope he's big feet It's rolling I saw that the other day It's usually a little bit behind Yeah, I guess Roll! He's actually talking now And how's that possible And got the Which we got the fifth there I'll catch up with What are you gonna do? He's got a list of them He's still alive man Did you see the thing? Yeah, did They're sending out the counterstands Like nothing ever happened Well, in his saying he doesn't have He had a stroke from this episode He looked a little funky but he's talking Hey, compared to what he went through He's dirty damn good You should look so good after Tiger 10 Right, or after Tiger rest of you He was out one All the little bit too far from me But never lies He's doing pretty good In fact, there were a lot too far from me Too pay Too pay So I guess they're back together We're getting that pretty soon They're gonna be doing it back in Vegas And they show too Sixth read and Roy I'll tell you it's really upset Our good friend And the sales department because he thought If he couldn't come back It could be sixth read and Draw it But it ain't gonna be that normal Can you see him running away from a lion? I mean He ran away from a few lions Backers in his time And maybe a few Detroit lions But 26 after one at five, 60 WQM He's speaking to that What a segue We're just talking about bald people Like Troy Strattford And more Howard David I can't see him running away from a lion Oh absolutely I absolutely Right up the tree Anyway, you can always spot a bad piece Because man it looks It looks ridiculous And most people can't afford to look ridiculous Charles Alfier has been designing and supplying Here's systems to real people For more than 35 years People with a lot of money People a little bit of money in between He's appeared as a guest at Good Morning America Today show CBS Morning News Introducing his patent to the Here's system that offers you the most amazing Natural hairline system you can find anywhere Keep in mind, most critically of any pieces of the hairline Now if you want to look like Aaron Brown On CNN on the certainly Nazi network Good luck to you You ever see Aaron Brown with that Yeah The colors change while you're watching the show Yeah I mean, I've seen comedian ones that change from day to day But why do you watch in the newscast The colors are changing And the things starts moving around Anyway, Charles has got the new skin like her System and looks so great It's 100% undetectable Looks like real hair As opposed to a farm abarne your animal That on your head And Charlie gives you this great guarantee As he always says You try his hair system for 30 days About 30 minutes And after a month if you don't love the way It looks and feels and smells If you're not getting clothed and poted Like crazy Even by some people you want to be Then get a full refund No questions asked Charlie also services and repairs existing Here systems including shampoo and Shrimp So don't delay call Can't say that Call Charlie Day and change your life forever 1-800-321-2413 That's 1-800-321-2413 Or check them on the web Charlesofferie.com We're a sports video 5-6-1 You a yeah My junior honey Messages There are no zones There are things we know that we know Lock, rock, rock, spell There are no unknowns That is to say there are things that we know No We don't know But there are also unknown Unknown Rock, rock, spell There are things we do not know We don't know And each year we discover A few more of those unknown unknowns Rock, rock, spell I believe what I said yesterday Well I don't know what I said But I know what I think And Well There are no unknowns And say I don't think so Although that's what I think 132 we got the mad dog sitting by He'll be along at 2 o'clock We're going to be doing a switching format at 2 We're going to be talking about stamp collecting Yeah Can't wait It's going to be great Don't know anything about it Well It's not that sushi rating Which, oh No, it's a new car smell Ozeem An old pressure Oh that's what your spritz in there Smell like somebody's bacon a sponge cake But farting again Oh no Good guy He chased Boca Brian He chased Boca Brian running and screaming in the hall Oh yes there I'm Monday Oh brother He minning in fact If anybody had a mask We'd place you go up at about 2 seconds Seren gas Who is the ugliest big name female We are asking today Rosio Donald 119 Sandra Bernhard 102 Linda Trip 88 Cida Cruz 74 Janet Reno Big Janet Scott 50 You go boy Barbara Streisand 36 And Coders got the What the What the go over 24 Greta Van Suster in 23 Greta Van Brown On the Fox Nazi news network Camilla Parker bulls 18 Anybody want to watch your bull No Chelsea Clinton 12 Celine Dion's got a dozen Joel Rivers has ten Noises Maybe she's got like a snap on those Oh she needs to get a better one No Oh Maybe she's got like mixed in match with Michael Snap it on in the middle Rosanne's got nine Mo then or that's what's your name Just got to snap on Snap on boobs Moriah Kerry Oh No, not this one Rosanne nine Monaco and Skate Barbara Seniors got eight old babes Martha Washington Dr. Condoleezza's got seven Spilky's the raise got seven Medal and Albright seven Gloria's step on six Yoko Onos got six Dr. Judy Dean is stuck on five How could you only have five They must not have seen her They put her back up real quick Share five Queen Elizabeth's full Oprah's got a pair and Ramses got two I have no idea who that is Be Arthur two Grace Jones one Nancy Grace one And an Nicole Smith's got one Marilyn Mitzels only got one to cat woman Dr. Laura's got one and no votes yet the big For star Jones and Tony Harding And I got news for star Jones on I have some votes Yeah She she isn't just ugly She is a lucky She is bizarre she is whatever 560505050 on the AT&T line WQM hello Hey, you know how you doing? Pretty good, paley Hey, listen have you seen the movie on HBO Called Spip Search? No Oh, it's wonderful It's a non-hour long and if you watch that you'll never Believe we have really likes weapon this country It's on HBO I already believe it. I don't have to see that movie But it's a discussion they show a prisoner in China And they show a prisoner in the US Exactly the same There you go Thanks Neil Thanks for the good news, okay Don't break the China 56050505050 You know what they say break it and you own it Just like your rack Yeah That's what we did We broke it now we own it And we don't want to do it Well, so hot potato man They're touched that around We only got today is the 19th which means you got 12 and then you got About thirty man Yeah, we got 42 days And after those 42 days we're given a key to the kingdom of somebody Nobody's coming forward yet and really wants it We got no takers Like keep blowing up We keep throwing them up in the air and they keep blowing back in our face You're going like a boomerang Come on somebody please take these keys Oh, ah, keys to the kingdom so we can get on here and save some posts WQM hello Yeah Oh, I got to say this If you don't like this country WQM hello How about Grace Jones? How about Grace Jones? She's on her idiot That sounded like our friend WQM hello To now? Speaking Hey Neil, how about Courtney Low? Courtney Low is a good choice in co-haired as well Right Thank you so much Courtney Low, we don't love co-haired Can't stand that bitch In co-haired, pill poppin Just a tragedy And actually the way to happen WQM hello Neil Yes sir Hey, man Happy summertime Back to you You won't be alone A couple things here real quick I got a name for your LB list You know Also last night The heat didn't even a lot Regardless if they went to head around Jeremy Yeah, you're right But the other one, we're got to make the list She's pretty nasty looking She's a good choice Thank you so much She's not a right now The other one What do you give me like She's pretty gross She's ugly now, but she wasn't always Oh, she never looked any different She thought I mean she looked younger ugly But she was ugly She was good looking one Look what from Maybe exotic to bizarre Maybe at birth She was lovely For about 10-50 minutes Till they cut the oblique of cords Spank to Ras And then all of a sudden, oh man She's nasty Okay, deon Warwick I'll tell you who else is grotespe But I don't want to put a runner Get the hump or pissed off You're re-through a Franklin Oh, what? What? Because she's black Because she's fat Fat and black That's a bad combination Sure The top thing Stop thinking of a black fat people Namior and attractive fat black person Louis Armstrong There you go Sure A fat Uncle Albert Nobody's There are no attractive fat people Fat Albert Or Salbert Don't hurt his feelings Five, six, seven, five, six I'm just in court I just want to get there Out of this town, out of this place You don't like America You gotta go blow it out your ass Okay, with all the crap All the voloni All the nonsense All the stupidity Maybe if somebody were like smuggling a real newspaper Or if you go online and read a real newspaper And find out what was really going on in the world I said, watch into the crazy Not seen that work here, CNN I'm going to tell you right now man You're not full and is kid If it was up to me I remember the day that I made the comment about How they ought to be off the ear And somebody Oh, but you're supposed to be such a great liberal And you're all for freedom of speech We don't have anymore It does not even have pretense of freedom of speech So since I'm going to be the one picking and choosing Who can be on the ear They're off right now Okay, CNN Crazy news that work here done All the brainwashing, all the propaganda, all the bull crap Just like the thing with a seren gas All right, wait a minute Oh, it might be this It might be that, of course it wasn't And when they found out about that Great poop on that mustard game Oh, good one Very honest, here There's a sports waiting in my city You way, yeah There was in no farmer A past four There came a young lady She looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass She pulled up her dress And she showed them her rupples And laces and white-loved feet dark She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptucing later from yesterday's hunt While the girl in the middle was robbing her Eyes at the fellow Down by the dock He looked like a man with a side of a hole In the country with a big fence out front It'd be as her phone might be She showed him her little pet dog Who was subject to piss And maybe she'd let him grab Hold up her small tender hands Will the movement so quick And then she'd been over And suck out his candy So tasty made of butter scar And then he spread whipped cream All over her cookies That she had left out on her shelf If you think this is dirty You can go to yourself That's a bad news from Iraq Video being distributed by the Associated Press Talking about planes firing on a wedding celebration And then Iraqi village We are working the story Trying to get more information He was better than Pentagon And he was a little guy We're going to get a wedding We're going to get a wedding We had like a, I guess one of them old maps again Oops There it goes Oh Wow What a beautiful shop Thank you by the way Mr. President For those low gas prices too I don't want to forget about that He's good for Israel and he's good for Cuba Okay, so that's good for you Thank you Hey, are you starting trouble again? Don't confuse these people with effects All right, because sanctions man Look how well sanctions work in Iraq We took people who had a pretty good standard living And we caused just enormous hundreds of thousands If not millions of deaths And in Cuba Look at what we're doing for the quality of life See, see the whole concept Because we don't like a dictator We don't like a tyrant Therefore, let, and, and because he's a dictator As people have no choice, they can't vote But let's punish them Sure, because he's you're going to be living a high life He's going to be a eaten high off the hog He's going to be smoking his big bad stoves Meaning the votes out of man the fiddle What the fuck is it? What the fuck is it? Punish the people who couldn't elect him In the first place who have no vote Let's punish them I mean all of this crap is madness This lunacy Well, that'll teach him Right, they shouldn't have bombed us Yeah, that's good point I say let's rule in the Saudi Arabia by the weekend By Monday we'll have our hoses hooked up to those tanks You'll be paying 40 cents a gallon of gas and life will be beautiful Well, those are our buddies No, they're not our buddies There were despots on a face of the earth And by the way, how about that Saudi democracy? And now we're talking Much of schmata has much of a ragheads Who have a word for all that oil that they had over there And the way that they raped through the emerald And all their business meetings with the bush family Those people would be like they'd be squatting into the desert You're talking like it was Saudi people They'd be digging a hole in the desert to drop their entrails They'd be singing happy entrails to you With hop along Cassidy And by the way, that's our cowie He does hop along because he lost the leg Well, maybe he didn't 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10 Well, of course if he's dead, what happens is he'll make you be lost the leg or not He just had to come back long enough to chop off the guy's head That's all Right Don't confuse the American public with a first off chemical Oli We kill him about how many times we kill him But 30 minutes Yeah, people rise from the dead over there all the time It's back in the day man Back in the day it was Jusky and this one that went last time They were making a comeback all the time All the reservations all the time All the crucifixions I mean if you're going to have a crucifixion, might as well have a resurrection That's one of that the other Goes along good with the story Who is the ugliest big name female? That's our pull question today 729 vote That's the thing Rosie O'Donnell 127 Sandra Bernhardt 108 Linda trip 94 Celia Cruz 76 Janet Reno Good old Janet he's got 50 Barbara Streisand's got 40 That was George's pick Angkoris got About 30 minutes Yeah What big old bird 27 Great of an assistant It smells just like a sponge cake in here It's that stuff Can't be It's good stuff What is it again? Ozeyens What's like lighter flick? You know you sprayed in your car and case you want a smoking number Oh like cherry like a tar baby Yeah exactly Liquid cherry But this is liquid new car smell Supposedly Liquid new car smell Yeah Great nothing like new car smell Nothing even this Even though it says that's what it is Tomorrow I'll be telling you about new car smell I'll let you go down and smell it All right You're not talking Friday I'm not talking Friday Yeah I got the first time he's here in that line I'll let you go down smell I know something right on the edge again Something border line You're gonna sneak in here We're gonna get past the snow We're gonna get past the snow We're gonna reach you for the buttons And all that stuff I don't I can't participate Believe me Don't even give me a QAM hello Hey Neil Yes sir I have heard anything about oil brush She's one She's on there Okay Mr. Vancouver Haven't anything about oil brush She's on her she ain't doing too much Get a life pal Get a real voice WQAM hello Hello Neil Yes sir They're not on bright Isn't that too pretty Yeah and she's on our list too That's why WQAM hello Hello Yes Yes Yes I am I'm I'm the one my friend You're the best person I'd talking about cure I won't try to remind the thing is around I think it's worth it that Who I remember I remember I remember I remember This guy he doesn't either He doesn't just have the phone close to his mouth He's got the phone stuck in his rectum Wow Man, I'll man talk about emotional Okay, two and a half and a half We'll see if the have had a houlton Don't eat 30 tomorrow morning The hotels they are just fantastic They're just having a rock suit Back in the day That's what having rock suit back in the day When men were men and there was always What's his name? Superman Yeah Yeah, he's the have a cape on I can get a hundred or two places In fact, you know, Savannah now you're lucky He can find a cape on like for lunch and breakfast and dinner Ten minutes I mean the sanctions it's just a joke It's a joke You can go to Toronto or Montreal or anywhere Ottawa get an plain-fled directly to Cuba No problem at all I know you still believe in them Programmed as I was They don't work I know they don't work Well, they work in one respect And they lower the quality of life for the people Who supposedly we sometimes would What is the sanity in it? And if we were the head time if I would have thought I'm wondering if you would have just cried When you read about what we did to the people of Iraq Those sanctions for 11 years Well, they should have bombed us And then they bombed us afterwards Ha ha ha ha ha Not Seriously 11 years of madness of insanity And the kind of crap that went on in the hospitals And all the people dying from diseases That they had already like tuberculosis Was already gone Well, I guess what I made it come back Because they couldn't deal with it But once we bring democracy to Iraq And once we stop blowing up people at weddings I pray grateful Here's sports when you're 560 You're the gay one Who am Action station That's a loop So man dog was just in here You're the police, but he said about more I like all the hard burn And guilty Don't go Every time I see Don't go That pre-hard it didn't witch Don't go Go I'm listening I'm listening He's president come Ray Pal again And muscle there And in our cake with it here I don't know why They are all in one's eyes But not easy First comes the next morning With president thumbs You're the one who's f***** Oh, what I could do You got no control And get to we know what it is Oh, what I could do Here you are This Don't go That's the woman stupid Don't go Go And this drug Get rich here Don't go Easy man Lumber than me That's the loop He's president You're the one who's f***** You're the one who's f***** I'm in my hooker from the prison I know what it does You and I But I don't feature We've got a great leader here With president thumbs You see that thing They just have an amazing night scene That we're here Who's the pilot And they just do a pilot for teammates They sort of picture a Nicholas word With the orange jumpsuit By the way, every time they take prisoners The alcada They always put them in one of those Those regulations The one time they'll orange jumpsuit And they got from them They're all question about it But anyway, two violent for TV Please don't tell me Because nothing would surprise me that these grey robbers do And what would Michael Powell have to say about that Since he's so concerned about sex and violence And not just sex I see No, no, that's what they're saying Well, they can say all they want But that's not far about any one Kind of violent I mean, can you imagine that they would even consider putting that stuff Films on TV Wouldn't that be lovely? But again, but if that's what it takes to convince the American public Of just how barbaric they are Is opposed to how wonderful and the firm I did we are You see, we see And they keep saying this in all these hearings Which really cracks me up Well, we find out about it in America That if it's just we do something about it We find out who's guilty And then we punish him And a code for We find a few scapegoats A few lower low-life rescue And then we make the food chain Hang them out Hang them out to dry And all the upper and all the upper and upper And all the upper and upper and upper and upper Well, we know no, no, no, they're about it They were doing wrong and they're going to have to pay This is barbaric and this is not the American we believe in the idea I don't know got father Right, exactly So who the hell are we kidd man? Who's kidd man? Obviously a lot of people Foodies, somebody's people I've been talking to this week Who make me just want to scream I mean, just because of the fact you're Jewish Therefore you have to be concerned about Israel If you're concerned about Israel Maybe peace would be good for Israel Right, maybe get in with all those settlements And because maybe take it on that wall Maybe right quit having all those accidents Where your bomb and this one and that one and all these terrorists But in the meantime there's all that collateral damage And these innocent people in children die You think the subcadest is that of giving the subsidies to the settlers And spending it on something and spending it on something There are a lot of these things And of course we do know that the Palestinians have those dangerous rocks to throw back Which is something to be considered above Get rid of those rocks Is it right? You rock? And a hard place Exactly So anyway the idea that they would put that on here is just a chillin To me, but if that's what it takes to probably get to go ahead They probably get to call right from the oral office Saying you just go ahead and put that on Because we got to like get that propaganda machine going big to whip them up Yeah, whip them up into a frenzy See, look, barbarians, as if we don't already know that Anyway, here's our poll question today We got a lot of votes on here mad dog came in You wouldn't believe what he said he was just following it to mob Because I said something about mowing away Several times he was like, okay, he did Didn't think he could get it that high Oh yeah, he did What do you know how he starts is your i8 sports fan i8 Well, this was like sports fan Little bit higher. Let's go mad dog I8 Anyway, who is the ugliest big name? I don't know why he's a good dog a lot on this show I'll tell you right now he's okay in our book He's a square shooter and we know he gave a lot of money to Bob Graham Even when we talk to book gay good good game about bush because that's part of that whole you know jaca Right wing thing the image see how much thing baby A rosio Donald 128 the ugliest big name female of mall She's just a unbeatable center burn heart 11 Linda trip 96 to that we didn't have time to play that See the cruise 79 january, no he's got 52 Barbara stress and 42 and quarter 32 will be goberg look at what piece he's got But turn man bye bye I am juiced up right now