Longhawing. You see what you have for my Emmy Ford Motordale. Hello, I'm the General Manager of this radio station. And today is Russia's Shana, the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, go home, go to it. They're back, your favorite Jewish Rock and Roll in the Stiles your band. It's Russia Shana and I with their greatest hits album, suck up at the synagogue. My love I've met in Florida, it's Christmas, I'm baby, you're baby. I love you, I love you, baby. Yes, Russia Shana and I have reformed to bring you to the 12th, closer cuts of Hopland Hebrew Hiches. That's your name. Isn't good for Jews? This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection. Rolling stone gives it five stars of David. I won David and I know who wrote the book of chose. Sark up at the synagogue, you from Russia Shana and I available at all record stores. We'll cut rice when you get here. Don't pass over this album. There he is. Oh, hey. 1044-560 WQM happy Wednesday to me. I think the only way we're going to be able to salvage the format of this hour is to take a break just about immediately. If not sooner, you're right, man. Yeah, I do. And then we'll do the other one I could have about 50's. So stand by because we got a lot of spots to play and we got to get those spots and so we can catch in the cash and get the money so everyone can get paid and at least those who are still working to QAM. Now, we're gonna run through some mornings and we did. And of course I'm well-inclogged for five six six six six six six six two three. Where are you, dutch packing? F-B-L is ready to answer your questions. Here is F-B-L spokesman, Yelding Kilo one. I'm gonna show you when doing everything we can. Dad! Well, what's the reason you turned the power off before the storm hit? It was a precaution that he mentioned. The O-M-D-A. Why is the park the Palm Beach County still in our power? Well, when we're waiting for the wind to be less than 25 miles per hour, we'll land to God like no wind. The storm's gone. Oh, yeah, we gotta stay here. And because that was been restored to what's happening to you, it was only up to 10 minutes. That's because those people are much better than all of you. They don't even gotta make even. But then Dad, I can assure you we are doing everything we can. We got times in the truck station and the porter out of Bandy, but Daniel's on their birthday. Why is that good? I got it. I just bought you two, but you're going to see operations manager. Dad, fuck. Hey, boy! We got it. I can assure you, we didn't. What are doing everything we can? Can I go home now? I'm so glad that I like the closest present I've been playing. I'm so glad that we're going to be far from the post office. So, sunshine is about it. Yeah! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 10. 5. 10. 4. 11. 5. 60. I'm happy Wednesday. Good news. The Marlins. The bad news about that is it doesn't start till a 305, so the pre games are till a 2. 30. It doesn't. My schedule is Jim Mandage from 2 to 2. 30. Anybody believe that the mad dog of big hot shot like him is coming in for half an hour? No. No way. They'll throw curses or somebody in there like that. Kill a half an hour. Yes. The celebrities like Jim Mandage don't come in to do a half an hour as kind of like a warm-up to the pre game show. Do they? Nope. No. Anyway, that's to deal. The good. The even better news is we find out that the Marlins have another double header because of all these dang hurricanes. On Monday, in the first game starts at 105, which means Monday, 12.30. You know about that? No. You know about that. You know about that. Anyway, bad news from Iraq again seems like bad news every day. Another dead American Marine. More than 200 US troops are wounded in Iraq the past week to Pentagon said yesterday the total since the invasion was launched in March 2003 is now 7,245 injured. Of the 2019 wounded the last week, 81 were returned to duty, 130 others were not. The number of Americans killed in wounded is grown rapidly amid an intensifying and increasingly effective in surgency. There were more wounded over the past five months about 4000 than in the first team. If for 13 months of the war put together, when there were 3300. The number of Americans killed as of Tuesday was 1,018 out of 1,019. Then includes three civilian employees of the Department of Defense. It is not include Army Special Keith M. Mop and 20 of Batabio High who was captured April 9th as fate has not been officially resolved. And the beat goes on. Even though mission has been accomplished boys and girls everything is really great except for those few little problems there. Abu Garakar. They started all that crap. Why? Why do you only read the bad news coming from Iran? Right. That's right. Okay. Here's all the good news from Iraq. Listen carefully. That's it. Be it curtain today or do I do the pull first? I don't know. I'm going to forget how I do this. Here's yesterday's pull result. How do you think you will die? 1591 people cast their vote on this very pleasant topic. Old age or natural causes? I'm dying out of the hair. 591. Hard attack. 420. I'm dying out of the hair. Cancer 226 boredom 171. I'm dying out of the hair. Traffic accident 66 suicide 50. In a hurricane 27. Murder 22 or in a terrorist attack. Oh my god. 2018. So evidently the New Rogers audience isn't whipped up at a Frantic frenzy like Tom rigid and so the others in the Nazi Bund would have us be all whipped up in it because if they can keep us as scared and an panic then of course we'll say oh yeah we need four more years of this so we can be protected and safe. Let's be safe. Elkie Summer she's safe. She was born. Look at that. Did you know she was born in my birthday? Wow. Well now we just discovered this November 1540 which means she's two years older than I am and that means she's really old. Born in Berlin one of my favorite cities in the world. What a great city. Oh man. That is a fabulous city. It is beautiful. The people are beautiful. The food is great and broad worst man or nothing like him German weenies. Anyway her a filmography. Let's see that makes her like I said almost 44. I mean I'm sorry 64. Her movies include Nithmus Uns. Yeah. Well it's a lot of German stuff here man. Flashback. Doppathas Spielmeton. Allus Nord Tharnung. And a whole bunch of other German stuff that I can't pronounce. This didn't even read several times. We've had to be reading a bunch of German stuff on the era of Russia. Himmelheim. Adventures beyond belief. Fanistationist. We have animated for TV. The TV mini series Peter the Grey. Well we all know who else you're. Summers. Why me wasting my time reading this crap. Prisoner of Zenda. The double McGuffin. The pleasure seekers. The treasure seekers. Nightingale sang in Berkeley Square. The fantastic seven top of the hill. Is it sunset Boulevard. Man in pyjama. Inside the third Reich. Now we're getting a little more timely. Huh? Wow. No it's closer to Abu Garra. Okay. Okay. Here's the deal on Hurricane. I mean Tropical Storm Genie. Every pronouncing a Genie or Gene. I don't know. Well why not? I haven't been watching this. Shame on you Mr. Just because Ivan is going to blow the Gulf away. I mean we ought to start worrying a little bit more about Tropical Storm Genie now. Because by the five and five thirty in Cicicloch news tonight, I guarantee the weather for Israel be hyperventilating and the forecasting is going to come blow right through your living rooms. Guaranteed. Gene and he are nearing Hurricane's strength. His rain bands reach eastern Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. We just can't catch a break. You know what? Nope. Just another good reason to stay to hell out of that whole area. When it, when it does stay to hell out. Our hurricane warning is an effect for Puerto Rico and the West Virgin Islands again. Damn it. Man. A hurricane watch in Tropical Storm warning an effect for portions of the northern southern coast of the Lavae, public and Dominicania from Cabreras, southward to Santo Domingo. Tropical Storm warning remains an effect for the British Virgin Islands, say kids and never. Tropical Storm conditions also affect the other locations in northern Lilae, where the islands are. Some people say, Lilae islands and I have no idea why they say, why don't they say that? And any raging is moving toward the West north west near eight miles an hour. And this motion is expected to continue during the next 24 hours. On this track, the center of Gini will pass near over Puerto Rico later today. Going to be a lot of blowing Reakens. Maximum is sustained Wednesday or 70 miles an hour with higher gusts. Some strike that in forecast in the next 24 hours in Gini could become a hurricane before passing over Puerto Rico estimated minimum central pressure 991 millibars which ain't all that bad but nevertheless it ain't all that good. And if we have another hurricane, the forecast track map we got off of the island one because it has nothing to do with you folks. And we are air to the good job of putting a genie on there for you. Good job, Eric. As a matter of fact, it would seem to me probably there's a new one up right now or in a few minutes. So if you're worried about track in Gini and you're worried again for the umpteenth time, this is getting pretty freaking pondress if you ask me. Would apply wood in the water and the generators and the batteries and the flashlights and the portable radios and all of these things man. It's getting already straight. Just a little bit pondress already because the Lord works in mysterious ways. And he's still punishing Teresa La Port all you bastards in Florida, perfecting the 2000 election. Because all these innocent people that he did not because the W. Bush and all his lying Nazi bastards. That's right. That's just my opinion. Lee Cow, Erin's coming. Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of the reveal. Adrian pushes predator. For real life! Wait, come there! Get ready from 9new and L3 and Jason's are finding a 13! That's right. The ultimate showdown of evil just got evil earned. It's Adrian, versus predator. Vicious Freddy versus Jason. There's evil everywhere. Wait, that's why behind is Joe and Soll. That's no towel. Chucky from Silphoy. Now, the ultimate showdown of evil isn't just evil. It's ultimate. It's Adrian pushes predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chucky. This can't get any serious. Don't guess it can. But it's the guy from the Texas J.S. on Madsacchar. That's it, y'all, it's now. It's Adrian versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chucky versus Leatherface. What a deal! What a deal! I think it's over who gets top-selling. It's a really long day. Go on, Liz. Adrian pushes predator versus where you get the idea. In theaters. Now, yeah, we get the idea. 1102-560 WDQA and Lekha said Marlon's the next most double-header at PP Park. Get out there today to just screw off from working and go and see the Marlon games. Now, what are they? The Cubs One last night. I don't care what Josh says. I know the Cubs One. Everybody in the rage one last night. San Francisco one. I know that the Giants One. And Houston One. What about the Pagrezer? They're still hanging around. I guess they're close. Did they win? Do they're there? Yeah, they're there. And they won. See, he's trying to calm me down. They're there. Anyway, oh, it's big of a calming me down. Guess who was on hyperventilating on CNN about a half an hour ago. And I was lucky enough to get some of that on tape. You won't believe when you hear this voice. Yeah, the surf, which the waves have changed over the last couple of hours. Also, we've acquired this wing gate. We've been using two unscientificly monitor the winds. The first time I see the monitor, you see the wind. We've been noticing already that we've seen an increase in about 10 miles per hour since this morning. You know, it may be as a result of Charlie. And the fact that a lot of people presume that the course of Charlie in the area is a lot of the most vulnerable hurricane center would certainly argue about. It may also be that a lot of people saw what Francis did to the center of the state. The anxious, Ricky Tiki Sanchez on CNN. It's the first time I see him on there. You see him on CNN before. No, it'll be for today. And hopefully it'll be the last time if we're lucky. Maybe he'll get blown away right there in the beach. Wouldn't that be a shame? Anyway, speak of that Ivan deal. And of course, now it's a category four, but it's got 140 mile hour winds. And it's barreling right up the Gulf. And they don't know where because it's kind of like wiggly wobbling a little bit. First of the west and then a little bit back straight north. And they're not really quite sure whether mobiles going to get the big low or maybe no leans. The big easy it could be so easy and people are streaming. They're pouring out of there. So if you have any friends or relatives in New Orleans, I'd call them right now and say goodbye. I wish them the best in their afterlife. Wouldn't that be good idea? I'd tell you to get to hell out of there's what I would tell them. When it does get to hell out. Now this story and the Houston Chronicle news. I don't want to say that they're well, maybe they're not exaggerating. It could be really bad. It says more than 1.2 million people in metropolitan New Orleans were warned of flee as 140 mile hour hurricane. I've been churned toward the Gulf Coast. Threatening has emerged the below sea level city during what could be the most disastrous storm to hit in early 40 year. Oh my god. Four castors said I've been blamed for least 68 deaths in the Caribbean could reach 160 miles in our strength and we can't five by the time it blows the shores earliest tomorrow morning somewhere along the Gulf Coast. The National Hurricane Center is posted a hurricane warning for a 300 miles swath from Apalachicola in the panhandle of the door leans in Grand Island, Louisiana. New Orleans, I guess they're going to have to much of that southern company a couple days, right? No, they'll need to be drinking it, but they're not going to be enjoying it too much. Norlans residents streamed inland and bumper to bumper traffic and agonizing these slow exodus amid dire warnings that I've been could overwhelm the city with up to 20 feet of filthy chemical polluted water. Traffic on Interstate 10 from Louisiana was stopped and go to the all the way to Houston where the hotels are filling up fast. All their maestry, I wonder if he's kind of the ex-cancers to the athletic shortstop to the maestry. Walter Maestry an emergency manager in New Orleans, America's most vulnerable metropolitan area has 10,000 bucks. This is just amazing. I don't even know if I want to read this. Ogohead. America's most vulnerable metropolitan area in New Orleans has 10,000 body bags right in case a major hurricane hits. As hurricane Ivan's expected past shifted, uncomfortably close to the low lying urban soup bowl, Maestry said, yes, did he? He might need a lot more. If a strong cat forest drum such as Ivan made a direct hitty worn 50,000 people could drown and the city could cease to exist. This could be the one Maestry said, you're talking about the potential oscillate major metropolitan area. Well, then where the hell they're going to have the marty gr啊? If we don't have no more no leans. I guess Texas. Marty gr啊. Now, they just think of the right kind of mugwoms and Texas to think. They got cowboys and Texas. They don't have that good key, Joan Cooken. Join George and the Boca brine today for happy or George wants to tell you if he saw a name. I only wish you could. We didn't have a right if we could say that all the things on here that we talked about before the sure be there. Have a 20 share. Oh, God. You only had the inside poop and voters. A lot of poop going on a QAM these days. What's the latest poop on Hank? Does anybody know? No, no. Every day I ask everybody I'm told the same by both parents and muff. The muff, myster, who's busy sharpening is dump finger up. They know nothing. And of course, we already knew that. I've seen some embarrassing crap in my life, but the way that that whole situation is being, I would say handled, but Miss Handled is so grotesque and outrageous and unacceptable. It says they're no words to describe it. It's just idiotic. And I asked another question why I don't want to go into it. About what ourselves department is selling what personality are they selling in the afternoon? It's kind of like a bait in the swiss. If you're buying a Hank Goldberg show and you wind up with that, I mean, come on. Get serious. Unless we're given about a 90% discount. Join George and Boca Brian today for happy hour five to seven in the PM at Treasure Island. Located off the palm better. Just know that the 120 second street exit. This way, speech will be Stephanie Evans and maybe you can get up close and personal uptight and out of sight with Stephanie. Five o'clock this afternoon. Okay. Here's our poll. Today. And we need a whole bunch of additions on there because I see we got some votes already, but we only have four choices up there, including one that I ever heard of before. I heard a daddy wore bugs. I never heard a daddy wore holes. But leave it to George. Yeah, the daddy wore holes. Hollies 14, supply me. Daddy wore holes in super grass don't have any super grass is either a group or something George is trying to buy over the barber shop later after work. Both. Most underrated rock group of all time. That's our question today. I voted for the holly's that was my pick yesterday. Of course, a lot of you punts out there would know the holly's from buddy holly. But that's the way it goes. Okay. So we need a lot more for that list. 567. Old 560. And we don't want any big man group. We don't want to be calling it. Oh, the moody blows the VG's. You know, underrated rock group. In other words, one that doesn't have a lot of notoriety. One that almost nobody talks about. One that ain't going to be whatever. You know what I'm saying? That's not complicated. Complicated. But a lot of you will make it that because it's just your style. It's just the way the south Florida do things. It's oh, well, we didn't really understand the most underrated rock group of all time. Very simple. And hopefully some group that's somebody other than just yourself as heard of will be nice. That would help. WQAM, hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Unfortunately, I don't have any votes for your poll. But I didn't want to call on reference to your friend Rich Sanchez. Yes. I thought that little of the weave and haven't done it all last week. Yeah. He's you're on a 100% rate. He's about five feet four inches. Got these BDI. Keep staring at my wife. Check it under booth. I was right in knock his head off. Why do you wife got big boobs? Well, she just had him done. So yeah. I see. Well, I mean, you know, not bad. Right. It was so funny when you played that. I said, man, I got to let him know. I guess he was with his kid. Why might even play Laura Orvin? Or maybe just be the people are watching. Or it's obviously not seen this huge category for storm coming in what they presumed to be their direction. But I guess those people are really nervous because they don't want to wind up dead like the guy that Rick hit in front of the stadium here on his car. I'm the way to go. Hey, rocker. Rocky game. Why not? Why, why would I dignify these? The Primadanas. You know, the hockey it later on this afternoon. They're going to be officially announcing the lockout and the season's going to be a cancel. And they might not even have any hockey till 2006 they're saying now because the two sides have been talking. So the idea that I would I would dignify them by watching a bunch of dog and ponies through a meaningless game that of course hearing Canada all over one. Aren't we, Greg? Yeah. Who the hell gives a crap? Screw them as well. I say. By the way, don't send the Panthers any money. Have a great day. Yeah. Send the Panthers some of your money for those season tickets. For a season that's not exist. How many months have I been telling you that? I've heard of me. Jesus, God Almighty. It's like going into a restaurant and they were charging you for a great juicy steak up front. And then you give them money to say, well, we don't have any steak. Yeah, but I just paid you for it. Well, it's kind of like paying for hurricane shutters up front and then finding out there and not going up to the hurricane clears stuff like that. You know what I'm talking about? No, I know I do. Man, I'm biting my tongue so hard. It's bleeding. Big time. WQA and hello. I got a man for the pool. Yes, sir. Go ahead. What? I said go ahead. There are two. It's called. My guess. Yeah. WQA and hello. Yeah. I have a name for your poll. Yes, sir. Alright. Sweet. Sweet. That's the sweet thing. I was talking about them this morning. Okay. Got it. Great stuff. Thanks, pal. Thanks, Nick. Okay. WQA and hello. QA and hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Great. Okay. Two questions. First of all, for your poll. QA and with Freddie Mercury. Okay. They weren't really that much. Yeah. Yeah. They were really good. Okay. Yeah. bigger than God. Right. Well, I wouldn't point they were. Okay. Let's move right along. Okay. Yeah. I hear the big on Mercury is what I'm hearing. Yeah. The other thing is, we're going to be in a child contract. I'm going to say, just have to carry out. Because I went on the NHL website. And they don't have anything basically based on, on onto what the players association is or what they're trying to accomplish. What they throw, what the owners want is a salary cap and a player's association don't want it because they're a bunch of greedy selfish bastards. And Gary Vettman's a little weed twerp and Bob Goodnuz got him by underrestum. And as we solved the other, they were in the impass, they're not. They were farther apart now than they were six months in a year ago. There's no chance. In fact, my work, my suggestion for this hockey season. But got about it. Yeah. Have a great day. Right. And don't send the Panthers any money or any other hockey team. Did I watch that game last night? I wouldn't watch any of these primordom. And I mean, just outrageous unbelievable. He keeps screwing over to fans. The paying public. Scrum. Okay. A meaningless stupid ass game. And by the way, from our red and the papers this morning, it was the same as the NHL. What's ruined the NHL holding and grabbing and clutching at a bunch of crap. And the other is again. True measurement. You and I Bill talked earlier about this. And this is certainly something that is important. And that is the, a few plus the lunch for extensions. The Washington, New Rochester. Exclusive. The Washington. Florida sucks. He's John McEady. The guy that pushed that in the back. One day in the public hand, then when I say that my crack, he's John McEady. He's our businessman. My only one is a P.O.W. But in the public, the trainer is no clue. He calls me quite much druggy. And Trang is going to chew. And I would hate supporting him. On your kissing on the lips and John McEady. How can he pull it up with that crap? What's that female witness thing? That's just a poor little singer. John McEady. Talking about the jingling. John McEady. It's 1118 and 560 WQAN. Anyway, this is going to be difficult this poll. You know why? Was that? Well, because you're going to say, well, all the very popular in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and everybody knows them. I'm going to say that. Yeah, you are. For example, here's one that says from a grumpy, undoubtedly the greatest unsung rock blues group is the animals. In fact, I was playing a little of that yesterday, remember? Which I would reach back there and get it, but I'm too lazy. Also, don't knock the brids. Oh, this is from some Brit. Well, like I said, don't put them on. Everyone knows the animals are a big huge group, right? Yeah. Are we putting them on or not? Well, whatever you want. I mean, the question is underrated, so it's if you take their underrated. Yeah. The animals. And see, we didn't say what work group should have been more popular. That's true. Underrated. So even for that limey brid for that silly ass of twit, who's probably full of shmit. We'll put that on there. Don't talk bug me again. Okay, and I'll say whatever the high one about you silly ass brids. And isn't that nice that Batman was there on the abalcati? Just in case the queen came back from Balmoral. What a bunch of crap. Good thing the terrorists don't have to worry about, I'm not security. They're fucking impolices. They ever want to go after that queen. But hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. And all the other queens inside there. Elmer says, could you please please add radiohead you pulled. It's done. Is it done? It's done. Good. The kinks. Well, say it's the same as the animals, right? I mean, I like them a lot. I've loaded and think they were underrated day long. Long and hungry. Long and hungry. Well, true. Put them on there. All the way up to MTV day. Put them on there. When people talk about the greatest rock groups of all time, do they talk about the kinks? Not the greatest. Underrated. I said the group's groups, plural groups, like maybe the top 10, the top 20, the top 30, the top 10, man. Okay, just said, put them on there. Just for kicks. The kinks. For kicks. And here's a good one. This is exactly the kind of group I had in mind. Says Gary. Crout in house. And did. Or he stuck it on there. Love Crout in house. I mean, that's exactly the kind of group we're talking about. Also, it says on your internet stream instead of getting blessed, blessed silence during your breaks. We're getting that majorly baseball disclaimer. What does that mean? Majorly baseball disclaimer. The recording that we can't stream the, the Marlins because. Oh, who cares? Hey, Gary. Always bully. It can always bully him. Yeah, but just calm down. Okay, we're doing the best we can on a horse ball station, but a horse ball general manager and two intermediate group balls who don't know my S from their elbow. Okay. So just relax, Gary. We're doing the best we can. And I think under the circumstances, we're doing pretty dang good. You know what I mean? I got so much stuff here. And I'm never going to get in because this dang pole I come up with is we're going to have 80 billion, which is good. That's the idea of it. Have a whole bunch of money. And then everybody would vote. But I got to mention this first. The process filed in contract is bags of JFK. Oh my God. A government contractor was carrying highly explosive Soviet munitions from Afghanistan that were not detective until he arrived at JFK airport federal officials be saying today. Sean Marshall, a medic for defense contractor, Dine Corp, arrived at Kennedy on August 19 from the United Arab Emirates. He was tried to board a United Airlines flight home to California, but he was pulled aside for routine security check. A search of his bags by federal screen is found what police bomb took his and described in an FBI complaint as a Soviet projectile point detonating fuse and a surface to air and air to wear cartridge. Just the kind of stuff that most of us would have in our sack. Federal officials said they could not comment yesterday on the wrist that the munitions posted the flight to the city police bomb squad determined the munitions were highly explosive according to the FBI complaint. I'd have no threat to a flight. Little bomb like that, blah, a big jet like that. I don't think so. Marshall also had 550 caliber bullets and poor small arms cartridges, which he did not declare to the United as required by law according to the complaint made public yesterday. The transportation security administration officers and search marshals bags called police for the port authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the airport. The fact that the TSA located these explosives in the kid the system is working, they said, right. Of course, the fact that he was at, you know, came in and they didn't find him to leave landed. That shows it's really working. The FBI sent agents to arrest Marshall. At his Riverside California home after the bomb squad analyzed the munitions and Dine Corp officials said Marshall had no involvement in its training operations. A port authority spokesman said he couldn't comment a while. Marshall was released. He phased his charges of placing explosives on near craft and trying to place ammunition on domestic flight without modifying the carrier. Could face 20 years in prison of convicted. I say just shoes and that's right. I think it's about time we could push he foot around with all these terrorist types and it would be terrorists and people with dangerous. Here's the one that really pisses me off. But I'm sure that it's accurate. Most underrated jet throw tall. And let me ask you one simple question. Okay. Okay. Are we out of gas? That's stealing, Dad. I know. But every time I think of stealing, I think of jet throw tall. You want to know why? Why? Because I hate him both. I same genre. Same era. Huh? Same genre. Yeah. No? No? Get out of here. Okay. Bye. Ten. Steely Dan. It's jazz rock. I know Steely Dan. Steely Dan. Are we out of gas? Are we out of gas? Steely Dan blows. Okay. If you think I'm putting Steely Dan on there, man. I rather put Ricky Thickie Sanchez on it. We're putting Steely Freaking Dan. I'm suggesting. But is jet throw tall? I'm telling you. I'm not. I'm not going to argue with him. Because you are the one who you're arguing. All right. I'm going to talk about this morning. I'm going to talk about this morning. Much of the dynamical guidance calls for Jean turn north west and even northward after 48 hours. On the other hand, the, uh, well, the GFDL is a left outlier. What is that? No idea. Calling for Jean either track across La Repubblica to Minicana, Bahamas. What is this? Like I'm supposed to understand what that list of Mumbo jumbo from the National Weather Services all about from the Hurricane Center. I have no idea what that means. I looked at the end. I'm going to say, well, nice job there, Eric. Eric put the 11 A.M tracking map up on our website already on yourrogynous.com. And it looks to me like it's moving farther further away from my youth folks. More to the east. And that would look like if you take a puke at it right there. This does. Therefore. So this, again, this is our friend. If taxes are all these things is if we don't have, you know, computers, but thank you anyway. But, uh, the quit underline trying to get me all whipped up into a frenzy and get the audience all worked up and pissed off. I'll say it again. Jeh throw dals steely Dan same era. Okay. That's not saying genre that was a mispoke, but same era. Yeah. Are we putting Jeh throw dals on there? Yes. Jeh throw dals. I just got through saying that. And you can put steely Dan on there just to show it a good guy. I'm put steely Dan on there will be some idiots out there vote from. And by the way, are we still on a gas? Yes, we are. Good. Although the stations are back open there. No. WQA. Hello. Frankie, why? He's just crying. Hey, why don't you lie back? Frankie, lie in another. Why? If Rockwood doesn't stop back saying I'm going to go get him. Good. We can't even say we're going to get him. We just put Ron on the sofa and just in chain him there. He'll never get out. Hi. Hi. What was I just saying before you interrupted me with some crap? Are we out of gas? Something extraordinarily important about some group and all. Just just being never get it again. Oh. Man, it'll never come back. It was like life and death, something about steely Dan. Isn't that what it was about? Yeah, where you're going to say something about Donald Fagan, where you're going to make a joke about his name? Is that what you're going to say? No, I just was going to say that they still sucks. You're listening to Neil Rogers. The rest of the world. On the back of the station. You A.M. Neil. God. That's a movie. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. Good boy. To resell a board. We'll see you in a moment. We can cut our lucky chance. You look at no job no more. So pack your test in, Mozy out of the door. Yes. Look at Jackie Hall. You don't treat your yeast infection. I don't think I got a mention. We had enough religions lost by you. You were stupid, Huskongyans. You're all done, slow in a snows. So forget the hell out of the hell. You're not welcome and lie, Rob. You can't have your cannon. Leave it in touch with the chibi's thief. How does one must outage a reasoning for the O.K. The E.M. It was a stupid bitch. I'll find something else to prove. Like passing the truth. It's really true. But with the 30 of 560 WQAM 88 votes on a poll, only before we give you the poll result. The poor issue was crucified for probably in 2000 presidential election. If it was good enough for Jesus, it's been helpful for you to resolve. Yeah. Two weeks after Palmits County voters rejected it, they said, bye bye to resell you silly ass bitch. You evil doer. Supervisor of elections to resell a poor isn't apologizing for past mistakes, or recognizing over missed opportunities. Instead, she had harsh words for South Palmits County voters who came out against her and droves and then have a credit leaders who pushed her out. The whipping up, especially of the South County Democrats into a feeding frenzier over the year 2000, the 2000 general election, just regurgitating all that, played a major role in her defeat. Pfft! La Porse de Tuesday. It's just amazing you can do everything right for 30 plus years. But third man! And you have one, I'll be at not small incident, you're crucified for forever after. I don't see people should forget it, but you can't change it, so you need to concentrate on the future you can't go back. And that's right, just like a mirror of elephant and rowered, you can't go back in there either again, honey, you're done, you're out, audio, so you've a dirt. Tootsieans do we. Pony effectors contributed to her wound, we don't want to go into the whole back of our life, but the fact of the matter is, the voters spoke and they said, get lost, you've been competent, you've been idiot. Take your butterflies and your era, connect the dots and arrow, ballots and get lost, stick them right in the moonbone shine, honey, get out of our face, you idiot you, anyway the poor result. So far. What is the most underrated rock group of all time? Good question, thank you. 88 votes, Holly's 26, sublime 25. That's where the horse races are. I'm glad to see so many people out there agree with me on a homie, is that amazing? I'm sure that it is. Since I'm the one, it's got such crappy taste in music alleged. Well, you can't help it. And all in by the way, I looked it up in the book because I know that I played a monzated at the same time and it was a, jatthro tall, there only two hits, bungled in the jungle and living in the past, both of which sucked big time. 72 and 74, okay? Steady Dan, do we get in 72, Ricky knows that number 74, then of course they lasted longer, they were round after that. So when I say same era, I'm absolutely correct. And same genre as far as I'm concerned because, you know, you see, you don't understand. It sums them both up. Yeah. Oh, I see. I didn't know you meant that genre. That kind of genre. In other words, is crap. Sudo and Luchal, friends. I wasn't arguing the era thing with you. Vungal in the jungle, my ass. And we do have a pretty mind that. Do we have Frankie Lyman to the teenagers on there or not? Are you kidding me? We better have it. That guy's going to come to the station and get Josh. I'm not kidding you. Frankie Lyman on the teenagers. That guy's obsessed. But it's the one that he got. It's a good thing he don't live in California because if he dug up Frankie's body, got to know what he would do with it. Although I think I got a pretty good idea. Anyway, how is 26 of lime 25? Steely Dan 11. See, I told you they've been long gone. There are a lot of people I steely Dan. And hey, a lot of people like vanilla ice cream and McDonald's too fine. More power to you. The King's 8, the animal's 6, radio head 6, Jeff Road dull for sweet for sweet. Super grass 3, daddy whirlholes, one. And crowd at house don't have any other the first 94 votes. Are you people crazy or what? Obviously, they think they're ready to just find. Crout in a house is great. I like crowded. Maybe they're a little bit too fave for this crowd. I'll give you another one while you want to green. Probably not been blowing on there. I was going to say, Ariem, they're huge. They're gigantic. Well, yeah, but hey, you like Ariem, you must be gay. Remember that call? Sure. What an idiot. Oh, you must be. He will guess what I am. How do you like that? And I do love Ariem. And they actually make music. I know that's unusual, but they make music. But it says something. And that last big hit. What that was the name of that? Unbelievable video. Visitions of sugar plums. Seriously. What was that? Well, it'll come to me. 10cc, what do you say to that? Sure. Yeah, why not? I could live with Adam. But they're a kid. Yeah, that's what the most underrated groups of all time is crazy horse with Nils, Locker and Danny Whitten, Ralph, Malina and Billy Talbot. They were also near the young's back up and the early 70s. Crazy horse. Okay. Surely Peters used to go to the crazy horse with all her girlfriends to see all them naked guys. See what one looked like. Put Husker do on the pole. Who's could do? Who's could do? Oh, I see. Who's could do? Is in 23. Could do? Something picked that. Yeah. Ban for me. Manyapolis in the 80s that influenced tons of bands that put in Nirvana. Oh, God. And notes be saying Nirvana. They're so overrated that they're nowhere to even describe it. How's he doing, by the way? The ever he'll love you, or not? Not. No. Cranic Rick, why do you keep sending me his facts? As you must be, I must have done something really evil to you, you know? Oh, I didn't send me his facts. There are many, day, Richard Mason. I mean, if it was from Perry Mason, we know about him. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Raymond Burr. In fact, I heard that he had a Burr in the shadows. What I heard. He's got three. See, now. It's also. Please, like, read at least we know what time of America starts. Well, if you're listening to your America, Rick, then all I can say to you is that's one more reason that we just stood there as chronic pacts as on the year. Okay, air America, my fat pimple is God. Nothing like hearing the goddess today afterward. And then here all the whining on there without Frank and frankly, spying that broad that I just can't believe that she's even. I can't believe he's the one who's on there. What's her name? It's really him for her. Yeah, she's really great. Now that was a funny bit you just played. You think Harry's got a chance? Oh, I see. Who? Let's say could you please add Marillion to the list? What the hell is that? The really, I can pray to you. Oh, what you said it like you. Like, did he say that like in kind of a kind of setting way like I'm supposed to know who that is? Marillion, dummy. Never heard of him. Yeah. I've put you a Maridian Times man that they're great. Okay, put him on there. There's no such group. They're probably like Manamana. Five six seven, five six, six, eight. I'm never going to get to all this good stuff here. Damn it. Well, I got to do this one. Yeah, play a little bit. Man, man. That's how the big art even about that. You bring it up. What a story. Man, man. I love it. George W. It's almost as good as Nana. Hey, hey, kissing goodbye. But nevertheless, George W. Bush's commanding officer in the Texas air National Guard wrote, man, most more than 30 years ago. I'm projecting the efforts to gloss over the young Lieutenant Sir Cummings and Figlet and take a flight physical. The officers former secretary said Tuesday night, but Marion Carnox of Houston said she thought for memos unveiled by CBS News last week, or four degrees, not copies the one she typed at the time. Not 86 worked for 23 years at Elington Air Force Base in Houston. Serve as a typist for Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Beek. Kelly, who of course now is dead. Then Bush's squadron commander and several other officers. See, the most interesting part of his deal is the big argument is, oh, what about the typewriter and are these the original ones? That's not the question. The question was, were the these represent what actually was being said. And the answer is positively. In a brief interview yesterday, she confirmed that Kelly and head concerns about Bush's fate and take his physical exam in 72, which prevented him from flying. He might have had a little bit of a nose problem. And about efforts by a higher up to protect the future president from the fallout. Knocks told several newspapers that Kelly and kept the personal files on Bush and other topics in a desk drawer as a way of covering his back. And anticipation of later questions about his actions. She retired in 79 before Kelly and death said she didn't know what became of the files. So there we go. So she said the four letters that they're shown look like forgeries, but nevertheless, they represent accurately what he had written and what he was saying. And they knew that we had an AWOL drunkard, a co-snorten future president. See, again, they keep focusing on the wrong things because they keep letting them change the subject. Change the subject. The fact is you've got a draft dodging vice president and president without any shadow over doubt. And they're attacking and their big attack under our opponent is because he was a Vietnam more hero and because he came back and protested to war, which of course was the right thing to do because anybody would not remember it was the most one of the most horrendous road test mistakes in history. Even more grotesque, at least to this point than the invasion the illegal Iraqi attack. Oh yeah, he's just like Jane Fonda. Don't know if she did a better work out. Obviously. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. You put enjoy division on there. Enjoy division. Yes. Okay. Wonderful group. And you're the tall also had aqua long and motor. Was it motor? Look at motor breath. Oh, the motor breath. Yes, so sorry. Why did you bring that? I thought this is better sir and Rick Sanchez again. Okay, thanks a lot, pie. Okay. Got it. We got it. I have 80,000 names on his pool and you can peruse them and choose them and quite frankly, most of them lose them. You're listening to me, you will be your Rogers. Exclusively on 5162ABAND.com. Coming up tonight on Inside The Behind The True Hollywood Celebrity Music for Hager for Profile Story. In one song he mentions banging seven women. He was Lou Bega. A little bit of money coming in my guy. A little bit of heric guy from outside. Well, I do not want to brag but the Lou Bega is cavalier about his mega hit, mumbo number five. I'm unlike me, so many epic types. I must snack often, no? God is this guy for real. Desperate to get a viewpoint which conflicted with this obnoxious mother. We saw outside kind to his doctor Jane. Oh, man suck. This Lou Bega is a dysfunctional sex addict. He has delusions of grandeur and a severe fallack of session. He should be castrated and forced to eat it. I mean, really. You don't catch me having sex with seven men. Ever. In my lifetime. Clearly, I attempted to spread it Lou Bega had backfire. So, we went the other way and found porn star Ron Jeremy. Jesus, that's f***ing fantastic. You know, I don't think I ever did it with seven women in my whole career. I mean, at one time, four was the most they gave me. But then it kind of evens up because I want, you know, let's just say I've had Lou Bega to put it in all the places I did. So for me, four women was more like 10 or 12. You know, come to think of it. That Lou Bega is an f***hole. Who was he to say he's better than me? Were you listening to this typical man? They all have to work out their things and brag about who gets to do me. I mean, not me. Oh hell, yes, I mean me. Jeremy will. Of course, my love me. For that is what I do. I serve as the lovely ladies. Oh, Christ, we're back to him again. Well, somebody please kill me. It's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight. On the inside of a hide. Martha Stewart's going to begin her sentence ASAP. That it's best days are still ahead of it. Okay, good. Blundr doesn't make you run and go right to Kmart. If we still had that Kmart out there by the saw grass and buy all that Martha Stewart stuff. No, Kmart. So much as sheets and lannons and tablecloths and bathnats and lingerie and pink slippers. Stuff like that bathing caps. Somebody says, how about Berlin with Terry Nunn? It just kind of takes my breath away when I read that. Take my breath away. Yeah, why not? Sure. Okay. I got a good one. Nobody will know who they are and they're really were excellent. I think they're done. I think they're finita, which is, I don't know what I think it's a common sponge of crap. Band-on-anaman. Great. Remember I played some of their stuff on the ear? I don't think you liked it but then again you didn't like it. No, not me. Band-on-anaman. But I'm gonna put it on her because nobody this audience will know who they were. I'm gonna put it on there anyway just for kicks for German kinks. Band-kinesville band-good. Ona, AOHNE, Naman, NAMAN. Got it. Josh? No. Band-B-A-N-D. Yeah, you got that part. Ona, AOHNE, Naman, NAMAN, NAMAN, NAMAN, NAMAN, NAMAN, NAMAN. Band-Wood, NAMAN, band-on-anaman. Great. Back to that. I got some over here. I'm gonna play a few seconds of it. Just to aggravate the audience. Let's see. The pod-rays lost you, Ignoramus. Well, how am I supposed to know that Josh is department. He said they won. Don't be giving me no Ignoramus crap and for the pull, Marshall Tucker band. That's a good one. Ooh. I didn't say I liked that. That's good one. You'll be both. That's for the overrated pull. Right. In our, look, we're asking for their opinion. They're like, I said a lot of people like a big Mac. Okay. A lot of people for lunch today are gonna go to McDonald's or Burger King. God forbid, and eat that famous Anis burger, whatever it is. Giants are half game ahead of the cubs. Astros are one behind the Giants. Marlins are two out and the pod-rays are three out. Thank you very much for, uh, where we just seem to be having a lot of pride. And I don't know why because I should just look at my, the problem in my morning newspaper, the national post, which I get delivered and I really hate that right wing rag. But the, uh, they always, for some reason, don't have a lot of the scores tonight before. Even though as some of those games are over like by 10 o'clock, but they go to bed early. All those right wingers go to bed really really. Jason King Crimson there you go. That's perfect for our pull. Who knows? Uh, uh, see now, didn't I say this at the beginning of the show? The moody blues, Dave the cop. You are just, you use the, you take your cardinals and stuff. And by the way, is Stan Musiel still playing? What about you're cutting him? Uh, the moody blues. Uh, you can't put the moody blues on there. How could you say they're underrated? Auditorium filling bigger than God. Right. The moody blues, my God. I think, I think Dave the cop probably goes to bed and sleeps on white satin sheets because he's so obsessed with the moody blues. Don't you? Spend his nights on white satin. Yeah. I didn't want to say it. Here's the pull. He's also far. I'm so sorry I said it. God, we only got a little over two hours to go. But hurry up. Of course, I could save a lot of this stuff for tomorrow. Oh, and I got great news. Okay, just to show it, the John Kerry, even though he looks like Herman Munster and Fred Gwynn the same guy. Kerry Hires Alabama won fired for sticker yesterday. We had to story about the woman, Alabama, who got canned in some mugwomb place by some mugwomb boss because she had a carry sticker on her bumper sticker on her car. And she got fired at it. Well, Democrat John Kerry has a new campaign working helping him drum up support Alabama. After hiring a woman who was fired for displaying the presidential candidates bumper sticker on her car, Kerry called Lynn Gobelius. Today, after reading a newspaper story describing how she'd been fired last Thursday from her job, packing cellulose insulation a molten Alabama plant. Gobel said her former employer in told her she could either work for him or for Kerry. She said, Kerry told him, let it know that as of today, you're working for John Kerry. Is what he said. He was proud of me presenting up for what I believe in the newly employed 41 year old set of her quick phone call with a candidate. Gobel said Kerry did offer too many details about a new position. And after having seen her, I'm sure it's not the prone position. She'll be helping the campaign and maybe traveling and losing gets close to the election. How do you like that? Nice going John. Go play something. Oh, he's so weak. Oh, here's a good one. Now this is good. I mean, even though, of course, see, I don't know. Maybe it's not so good. The dooby brothers. I mean, they're big. Yeah. And then again, the animals are very huh? No, because that's one of those bands. It's good for the poll because that's one of those bands that people argue about. See, it's, this is a very tough one. But that's good because that's the idea of a poll if we all. Right. If it's so obvious that what's the point of putting the poll on there, you know, a kiltypid's a poll or just like all these different shades of gray is the monkeys would say. How about the monkeys? It's just a joke. That's a joke. That's a joke. That's a joke. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. The monkeys did have some good song. Yeah, they did. Even though they were like mostly done musicians really. Except the course for David Jones who played a mean tambourine as opposed to a green tambourine and about the lemon pipers. Just a joke. You got to say just a joke real past or Josh gets it on there. It's on. The lemon pipers. Not to be confused with the layman and sisters. It also stuck the Archies on there. Just stick this. Yeah, the Archies were great. In fact, did they do that sugar shocker bit? What is the most underrated rock group of all time as our poll? And don't forget also you can take a look at that 11 a.m. Tropical Storm Genie which may become hurricane Genie. Just in case you're a little bit nervous these days a little bit unsubbed and glued with all this crap that's been going on lately. Holly's 33. They continue being in first place. I'm going to during the break. I'm going to reach over and grab that disc. Play just a 10 seconds to Holly's 10 seconds of the animals. And even maybe 10 seconds of band old and almond. Holly's 33. So actually as I recall a couple years ago when I played that, you liked a couple of their songs. Band of the drummers. I didn't know. They're dance. Pretty good. And you love that video with a mocking a Catholic church and they had the none more. Oh, and he was running around naked and the none was like, Oh my God. And she kept looking and looking. Holly's 33. So blind 31. The King's 18. Steely day and 17. They should burn and hell. Jeff, Jeff throw tell 14. And then they won't have to worry about if they're out of gas. Radiohead 11. The animals eight. Sweet six. Super grass. Five. That grass you're super. Ten C C for Huskado. Huskado. Huskado. Three. Berlin too. It sounds so stupid. Same that. Huskado. Is that like East get on V East get off? East get bible. Crazy horse to crowded houses got a pair. Band of almonds got one and that wasn't my book because I would I would have changed it. I would have voted for them instead of the Holly's. Holly's don't need my help. Band of almonds got one. God bless you whoever you are out there. Somebody would great taste. Simple crowd. Good. You I'm telling you right now you would love German. I'm telling you right now you'd love it. In fact when Al Goldstein sends you over there. I don't know if he's at an apartment there you can stay and I know he's sure is held in the house there. He can stay here. He's maybe he has a homeless job or you can stay in that he hangs on it. You've hospital division one. Now look at the way he's spelled that. Manilian. I think you were given in the faxes on me so we could at least close to Spel him your right. It's got LL I O when he's got. I think I've got to have a spell that on the facts. No they did not. One. Bandy Warhol's one and no votes yet for the dooby brothers out of 160 they got no votes the dooby dooby. Man. I thought this crowd was into doobies. King Crimson. None. Marshall Tucker band. And Frankie line of the teenagers don't have any. We put it on there for you. Plus and you name vote for you. What is your story? Huh? I have no idea. I can't afford it for you. Huh? You probably go to the internet cafe. I'll get around to it. Library it's free. I'll get you a and hello. W to Q and hello. Yes. Yes. I need a register. Yes. Yes. Just like to tell you. Grandson. What was it? Grandson. Grandson. Grandson. Oh. Grandson. He's got a hand four pounds of mush in the house. I don't want to repeat what he said the way he was saying it. Grandson. Grandson. I heard what he said. It was just like that. Oh. That's a good choice. Sure. Huh? Love Grandson. Hello. Well, I'm not going to go in. Tell me to Q and hello. Neil, how's it going? Pretty good. Listen. I don't have a suggestion for the poll but actually one of the ask you about similar one. You had a while back. Right. A couple years ago, you asked who we thought were the worst new artists. And I suggested Macy Gray. And you basically ripped me a new one. And not because we like her music. She's like Macy Gray because she's funny. That's all. But I mean, she's awful. She's not like she had him. She had him. The Vema. Ha ha ha. Oh, there's so many bits now that come to mind that I should be playing the girl from with them. Fasima and all these others. That'll work. Yeah. And Macy Gray bits too. Okay, Pally, when you were right. She sucks. But we like her anyway. He didn't get it, see. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say my voice is that just perfect mix. Between the much-skinned, I see me next. If I could wonder that what I say. Should I go to the stand, what I'm a fool? Was it I'd say it? I'd clear. I won't go somewhere to go here. There's nothing wrong with my foe. And my tongue is free of our fun close. The only thing that I know is clear. This culture has made my career. Okay, I got a little, I'm going to play a little bit of some of this. And in fact, during the break coming up, since we have nothing but commercials and breaks all the time anyway, and I'm sure we don't have any show live. I'm going to find that Vander Naman did. We also have Moody Blues on here. Oh, man. This might just be the greatest song of all time. Let's do that again, not. Oh, that won't take about six or seven months. Then we're going to have to worry about these stupid pinnacles and more. This could be, like I said, I'd do like Dyson Broadway. Yeah, which is a beautiful song. Yeah, I'm fun too. I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm fine, I'm fine. Oh, since you got a girl, I'll be a girl. But I will say this, and I know that sounds really bad. Especially on your AM radio, but even if you're on your FM radio, then making a difference because when that came out, I would say 6869. I look at up in the book. I thought I was a district, he and WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan, no less. And I remember playing that on the ear, and I thought to myself, that sounds awfully like distorted, like were they listening? I mean, when they matched you that thing, were they listening to the sound of it? It's done it. Am I wrong or what? Oh, no, you're right. It's that distorted on purpose sound. Oh, I'm way off on the ear. I guess we were playing this in oldie in 60. I think it's 1865. Reach number 10 on the charts. And just a three. Six, yeah. Six was five. I was guessing. So you're wrong, Brian, let me say it again. 3,027, 65. Right here, and what was I talking about? Nice on Broadway. There was the beating. I was talking about nationwide satin. Yeah, a lot of nights, so many nights, in so little time. That's what the Brit say, so many nights. don't forget we now if we had announcement of who's gonna be doing 2 to 2 30 because I'll bet Greg's life on an acre to be mad dog. Did I need your ass out? You know it's one thing that Clarence and Duffy every morning you know come in and smooth a little bit which I'm I'm tired of that I'd like some information the audience would like to know what the hell is going on and at least this should be one question that you more unskin answer you ask wife's somebody will be on between 2 and 2 to 3 30 and then 2 to 3 got to Marlon's on Drek at 305 my expose and Marlon's double head or at the estate event pp park any key after all the baseball stuff the second game starts 30 minutes after the conclusion of game numero uno and again again and again and again I'm doing a wrong spot here what we don't want to do the generic one we want to do the what about the hurricanes and about the fact that a lot of people got their carpets messed up and as a result if you had flooding in your house you ought to be called dry concepts who for over 25 years have helped you keep your carpet clean healthy in your house looking great right now drag concept stands ready to help you return your home to normal if you had water damage from hurricane Francis it made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services help came in from all kinds of northern states with an abundance of equipment to help you with your restoration process if you need help just call the main number toll free at 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 if you can't get through to that number they got three other numbers for you 9 5 4 2 1 4 69 24 or 9 5 4 4 4 4 92 76 or 9 5 4 2 1 4 69 23 again if you had water damage from hurricane Francis dry concepts is standing by to help restore your home back to its normal state and look brands back into and really great come toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 I'm with Anne the Seema, go smoking and when she passes she smiles we dig yellow teeth I sure hope there's no more raspberries in this don't you? Oh raspberries yeah right what's the point boys and boys and berries boys and berries oh my She's going Yeah She would give them a bloody But each day when she has to copy She's seen song, the can and life's three Short and pale and thin and sickly The girl went and she seemed like a smoking And then she flashes that smile We big yellow tea And dunk on the meat She just cannot breathe It's only always 12.03 Can I have a light please? At 5.60 WQA At a bunch of faces here In our BQA which is best unknown Underrated should have been a big band And we'll put it on there right immediately And RBK RBQ The orange is barbecue PRRF you're good close personal friends So by now Mad Dog is forgotten that his mission Wolverines lost to the Holy Irish He must be pissed off Mission lost to Notre Dame Yeah No For a girl's school You gotta be schmitt and me man That is embarrassing To this Notre Dame team I'll let's set the Brady Quinn man He's dangerous See Michigan's upset because they've The good looking quarterback when he had the Tom Brady Maybe it's the Brady bunch that Michigan's all Well that's good that's bad He says I have one F in comment for Greg Reed Bring back hammer get rid of the whole Bring back hammer get rid of Mo Says did he have an early birth special Go to his morning show was bad But zephtenoon show just drives me to drinks His PRRF He is not happy with you He is not happy with you He owed and pissed off and fired up Here's when it says the talking heads Exactly what we're talking right Here's when it says cream No thanks. I take mine black. I'm sorry Yeah Cream is another good one. Perfect example And let's see here's what it says how about rush A Aller says good old Canadian band rush Excellent choice when you agree. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Sure. What? I didn't say you liked them. I said they're right right But you were even like band owner nine The sun is so brave We're going to see We're going to see We're going to see Don't touch the band of the war guys This is good You know like anything's your own life You're getting yeah But Why guys that place slots and we're casinos Yeah Is Because I I I I I I I I I I I I I Yeah I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I'm I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I But I I I scheduled to take place in St. Louis. According to News reports, they're concerned that though the audience is forced to consist of undecided voters, a carries a porter might sneak in and get to ask your question. What kind of whimper is scared of answering your question from someone who supports his opponent? After all, Bush is supposed to be the president of all Americans, not just those who support him, but he doesn't seem to have the guts to look the voters in the eye. Since September 11, polls have shown President Bush waiting, especially high in whether voters proceed with a via strong leader. And there's no doubt that Bush knows how to appear as strong, put him in a flag suit or cowboy outfit, and he's in 7-7-7. The frontier justice catchphrases will tumble from his lips, dead of her lives, smoke him out, get him running, but when it comes time to actually demonstrate strength, Bush whithers and fades. And of course, he was a cheerleader in high school. How girly is that? Pretty good stuff, huh? He's a girly man. El Presidente, a real girly man, a coward, a wimp, a draft dodging piece of crap. Some little piece of news here, new poll shows the Bush bounce fading just when we're getting ready to kill ourselves. More than a week after the Republican National Convention and the wake of new questions about Bush's National Guard service, the race for the White House is once again tightening thank the Lord, just as pollsters and strategists for both campaigns had predicted it would. A new monitor-tip poll finds Mr. Bush and Senator John Kerry currently tied among likely voters nationwide, with each receiving 47% of the vote in a two-man race, each receiving 46% of the route made his hand with a ballot, the poll was conducted September 7th through the 12th, has a margin of error 4%. Immediately following the GOP convention, poll showed Bush would lead anywhere from 7 or 11 points, but that Bush seems to be fading and the Bush is fading too, as more recent poll could have lead down to 4 or 5 points, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. Yaddi like that. I like it. Well, there we go. So we got a shot. It's Jimmy Johnson would say, he got a shot. And Jimmy Johnson said also speaking of Sissy Boys, Ricky Williams is a piece of crap, as what he said. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got pellet. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got to play like that. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got a lot of money roll up. He's got something hard for Jerrod? And she rides for pregnant babies. She can trowel she and she's so great to have a wonderful set. They want no more. What's like she's carrying in a full and full- ma'am trainer's size and has. But he does deny. She hasn't paid to four. I think she's always surprised. She's with a wretched talk. But her voice is funny, now with a high degree. She gave us your voice and shed voice. It could be high enough that it could cut part of this peninsula off and that's something that officials have warned people about and that why many of them have actually evacuated. The strangers who told they had been and like married to a四i loop. Don't do it if you cut an icy off ice. The children were so hungry. But she did actually notice that the first big gap was small enough to Saturdays is full and it rookie moetball is adorable. He's saying she's his voice once in a while. Oh, great figure. From C in the moment. I mean, like he's going to get blown right into the golf. Oh, right. Yeah. Let's have a party over that. It's like there's no escape. I got one for it. In fact, I got two for it. I think. What do I do with the other one? Oh, here it is. Do you hear it? There. I hear it. I hear it. I think you're going to want to thank it. I think you're upset with me. Oh, my name. You. That's not going. Yeah. How about the pet shop boys for all the Mataconis are there? What about our cheese? And I got another one. See, I got there. When you went to the moody blues thing. And then when I said, Ari, and we said, Oh, they're dragging it. Moody blues are gigantic too, Mr. Yel. I didn't see this. I didn't see this. You suggested who? No, not that either. They're big. How about the guess who? See, I like them a lot. I think they're very underrated. Well, there you go. And I agree with that to guess who which I got some an Ed over there which I'll tell you. And how about how old is it? Maybe the most out of order. We have to tend to not be creasing about the courier. How about a little more? Yours cold is nice. Or on her man. Get done on their right away, Jacques Erels. Kobe, I grew old silence. This is from the New York Post today. Kobe Bryant, of course, now is off the hook. At least for all time, say temporarily. Reportedly admitted to cops that he'd take a shot at paying off the teenage hotel or who accused him of rape. I'm in the worst-epping situation, Bryant said. According to a sealed statement he made a short time before his arrest, which was obtained by sports illustrated. Then he told the officers he'd see if the then-19 year old woman who worked at the spa where he was staying in Colorado where to set up harsh money according to the state match. The superstar went on to tell cops that another NBA player would suddenly paid off his sex partner to keep them quiet. He added that the player was not identified and paid up to a million dollars to avoid situations like Bryant's. Kind of sounds like the, the, uh, free-co-one. But I told cops he didn't have to pay any such crimes because he treats a woman with respect therefore they shouldn't be saying anything, as I said, according to the statement. The loose-loved LA Laker guard rambled on the officers as they questioned in the hotels parking lot. The morning of July 2nd, 2003, two days after the hotel worker said he raped her. He raped it at her. He talked about how he first denied having sex with her, but then he admitted holding her the worker around her neck from behind before death and only kinky acts they engaged in according to the statement. This is from his own lips. Holding her around her neck from behind from her behind. He insisted those acts were consensual. He also reportedly admitted cheating on his wife even before his Colorado Trist revealing that he had engaged in a steamy affair with a girl in Virginia named Michelle. Michelle, not killing obviously. Can you even imagine that a slight little lunch hour apologize? The LA Lakers star won a court victory in the rape care while we know that. The civil case against him is now pending. Legal experts said they wouldn't be surprised if the two sides reach a financial settlement before it goes to trial. If it is tried in civil court there will be no rape. She a lot of rent the 20 year old woman's sexual history from being used against her. She could be faced with allegations of sex rams in the counters with dozens of men doesn't. Anything that moved man, land posts, fire hydrants, door dogs. In fact as she came up here she probably got into the Royal Canadian Maldives. I'm actually seeing nothing on scramble. David Gates and Brad, that is sweet. Yeah, we can put bread on there. I love bread. Yeah. I love bread. I love bread. Chicken and kale for me, lasagna for you. David Gates and Brad, great group of very, very ugly guy and of course very syrup music. Not the kind of music that most of the real men are audience like, but I like no balance. Yeah. But they're all in balance. Let's see, DV and SC says having finally realized that either Bush or Kirsten will be present for the next four years. Haven't installed in the well stocked a king sized bed to hide under. Can we put counting crow's on list? Well I can't see why not. Can you? Sure. We'll put them under. We'll certainly put them under to make you happy. This is not your and the bed you've been smiling about it. 560 pound five 60 on the eight and the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line A. Line nine WQAM hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. Hey, for the pull, traveling will berries. There you go, traveling will berries. And one more thing, Neil. Yes. I think, good. What did you ever do to me? WQAM hello. How about the Ellen Parsons project? Excellent choice. Very, very good. Thank you. We never want to thought of that for some reason even though it's crossed my mind. And why not? But that I forgot. I got it here somewhere I do believe. I believe a lot of have a lot of records. Great. Great. 560, 50560 on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. Did the parents or do for anybody coming and tells us who's going to be. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Really. It sticks you man. And just this morning I was screaming at that child. What kind of a radio station? We don't even know what the schedule is. Well, maybe the mad dog will come in for half hour. What do you think? Oh, no chance. No chance. You don't come in most of the time anyway. It comes in whenever he feels like it. Cock-a-a-a. That's right. That's the way to do it man. Oh, right. Yeah. Come in for half hour before the pre-game show to warm it up. Why don't they have the crow come in? Huh? Yeah. He smells pretty good every once in a while. Let's have the crow come in. 567. Oh. 856. See the best part of that drop in is that even he's laughing at it. Even he knows what a bozo he is. That's the best part. He's kind of like cracking himself up. He knows how to set the humor about himself. He sure knows. And he smells like lilac. It's like a French or house. WQAM. Hello. What about the spinners? The spinners. All right. He's like, whoo. Love the spinners. All right. Don't you love the spinners? Do love the spinners. See now we're probably going to get too much like in the show. The spinners. The spinners. The spinners. The spinners. The spinners. The isle. Isle brothers. Yeah. How about the isle brothers man? Yeah. There will get any votes. Question. Show the Beatles. You know, I'm not going to understand why the Beatles met a wicked end. Three of many way. Two of them died. Ringo Starr still looks like that. And of course, the Paul McCartney. He's the only one who's got anything going and not not much. Plus that pain in the S wife. Right. Peg. Peg. Yeah. At any rate. Now that was bad. Poor George Harris. Now like George Harris. He was okay. I got my mindset on the hearing that song again sometime. I think the reason I liked that song so much is because I played it on Zeta. Man, that was a great year on Zeta. And morning was fantastic. With your friend, a bird and old captain day. That was fun. Until, of course, PD Bulls are made at like hell. And then of course, Tim Williams. Who, you know, just happened to be the son of law of the owner of the radio station. It came to general man. I was gone. Tim and you still are an idiot, baby. You are a low-run. You are a simple man. You are pathetic. You are pathetic then. And you're still on sure pathetic now. If you're still alive. Wouldn't that be something if like some of the people in this business that just, you just hated like poison. There we go. Yeah. Thought I had it. Rubber man man. Is that what you're playing? Yeah. Yeah. I'm right. I thought that that's all I got. I don't think we can say rubber anymore. No. Call George. Find out. Hang in. Ask school man. He's probably got a few way in my underdisp. Who's all I got of you? Oh, this is so hard for you. You're gonna talk it up? I'm not gonna talk about all be there by the screen. I think. Where does it start? Oh. Now that starts like in between beats man. There's no way to talk that baby. I've never even tried that one before. Anyway, it's funny before one man. This thing is just flying by. You see, there are some benefits. They have been stirring go on and on and on and on. And the only bad thing is we got no early ball game today. We do have that game at 10 30. Right. You ask me. Now why did I write down L.K. Oh, that's right. L.K. somewhere is the beta curtain today. That's a fine picture in case you haven't perused that day. A bit picture nice. They're gonna take a good. Good old L.K. You're listening to me, your Roger. You're listening to me. You're on 560 60. Q.A.M. Get it, it's thanks. In my early town. You're here. I'm 560. W.Q.A. Dude man, nobody likes to get up in the morning. But let's face it. Party all night sleep all day. It makes Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock. Now if he beat Beaks here, just gut wrenching high decibel screens from today's top rock artists. You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker. Chris Robinson from the Black Rose. And for the true comatose news, Alan. There's the who alarm. That's a wink you have called the morgue. Your warm food man. The study shows stove brains respond to the rock and roll alarm clock. Get it now and head bang your way into a new day. I'm dying out of the hands. But 45 at 560. Somebody faxes and says the day Clark 5. They were pretty good. Okay. You don't want to date Clark father. I'm just fine. We'll stick a mother. Yeah, stick a mother. I mean of the British invasion groups of which how many were there? About 30,000. They were one of the better ones. They've part five. They had some big red. But again, that's for us old folkies like me. And since we're talking about. Guess who? Who is this? Somebody. Guess who? Yeah. And have you been around? Have you done your share of common down? I think last year what we had the whole sourcing thing going on here in Toronto. I mentioned they did the free concert with a half a million people who showed up. And the Burton Commons came in with a guess who they kind of like reunited. It was a very embarrassing. You sounded terrible. I was just couldn't believe it. I mean, I could say it was great. They had it on TV. Oh, man. You kidding me? It just. I could have said. I love Burton coming. I love the guess who. I might be one of their biggest all-time fans. Okay. But they sounded really bad. Group offers 50 grand for proof of bush service. The founder of the group Texans for truth said yesterday that he's offering 50,000 dollars to anyone who can prove that President Bushville filled his service requirements, including required duties and drills and the Alabama International Garden 1972. And of course, we're all wondering why he wouldn't take that physical. You know what? Right. You don't think it could have been because of those problems that he had during his youthful and discretion days. Do you? But he don't say to want to talk about it more. What he was really young. You know, like 40. The group, while maybe 30. I would say. But third man. The group made the announcement as Bush was in Las Vegas to address the National Guard Association's convention. Today would be a fine day for him to finally have to answer all the questions that we have dog that have dogged him since he had a public life. The group's founder Glenn Smith said in a statement. Bush had dishonesty about missing from the service during Vietnam goes to the heart of his presidency. He was dishonest then. This is his misleadingness about why we went over the rackey said. He dodges responsibility. Then just as he dodges responsibility for Iraq today. White House communication director Dan Bartlett is said that the fact that Bush received an honorable discharge means he fulfilled his military duties. Bartlett is dismissed questions about Bush's services. Partisan attacks. In other words, don't confuse us with the truth. Smith said the controversy about whether documents obtained by CBS News alleging the future president failed the role-main in order to undergo a physical exam and failed to complete the service in the Alabama International Guard. Was irrelevant. Authentic or not, they don't really answer the question about where Mr. Bush was. When he was supposed to be doing his duty in the National Guard, he said. And of course he is on Monday, first lady Laura Bush said she believes such documents were probably four duties. You know, they probably are altered and they probably are four duties. And I think that's terrible release, you said. And if you with radio Iowa, that's Serapy Bitsen. Oh, pretty tough on the first lady, on Neil. That's actually one of the risk you take when you run for public office or when you're in a public office. He said he said he said. CBS News has said it stands by its story. We'll continue to report on it. Why not press secretary Scott McClone said yesterday the president has seen the documents and has the recollection of any of them. He has convenient Alzheimer's, just like Reagan had. And then of course got punished in a given the real thing. Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Well, you can say the first lady's comments to them, you know, the White House has done an investigation into the authenticity of the documents, but that news organizations proves it raised questions about whether the documents are real and it's a good scam. CBS reported that the memo was written in 72 in 72 by Colonel Jerry Killing. We know that. Got to get it. We know all this other stuff in here. Right? Right. These are cowardies of draft dodger. And the fact that he's attacking a decorated war veteran who enlisted and served as country proudly and well volunteered to serve while all his were running off the places like Canada. While other people were fine with all kinds of excuses to drive the dodge the draft and drop the dead. Like Bill Clinton for example, and like the chaining Oless. The chaining, five deferments know less. Count him. Uno dos trais quattro Cinco. Cinque. Ha. Yeah. Count him. These neo-cons, dry, dodged the drafts. Yeah. Yeah. I'm telling you. A couple arrested in Charleston, West Virginia for wearing anti-boast t-shirts to age a life-worth presidential appearance. Zyna America, baby. Filed a federal lawsuit yesterday alleging their first memo rights were violated. Arrested for wearing anti-boast t-shirts to a July-forth presidential appearance. Hitler would be proud and hairland carrying would be being from ear to ear. Nicole and Jeff Rank were removed from the event of the West Virginia capital in handcuffs after revealing t-shirt with President Bush's name crossed out on the front. Nicole Rank shirt had the words love America hate Bush on the back, and Jeff Rank said, regime change starts at home. Regime. Their lawsuit was filed in federal court by the ACLU attorneys. What is it stake here transcends politics, Jeff Rank said it in news conference at the capital, and this whole story really is pretty rank if he asked me. What does it stake is the right of all Americans, Democrats, Republicans, and depends all Americans to peacefully voice their descent to their government. Waring t-shirts. Hmm. Without a press. Pottie sings on them even. No, I just got through reading what it said on. Right. Not even anything that the Joyce would make us bleep off here. How do you like that? Kaka. They didn't have to take the dump button theory with them. Press passing charges filed against the couple were leaving dismissed. The city council and Mayor Danny Jones have publicly apologized. How do you like that? The lawsuit names Gregory Jenkins deputy assistant to the president director of the White House Office of Presidential Advance and W Ralph Bassham. Director of the US Secret Service at Defendants. He saw me wanted a Bassham. The couple wants a judge to declare unconstitutional any policy that led to their arrest. They're also seeking unspecified monetary damages. Maybe a few million would be good. They're not burdening me. Yeah. For a start. We'll take one by half. Okay. 10 for me. Three for you. Two for Josh. He's a punk. Spokesman for the Secret Service. Needless to pardon injustice to whom a White House spokesman directed question declined to comment. Both said the agencies don't comment an ongoing litigation. The AC and you filed a federal lawsuit in September last year against the Secret Service. Sinking an injunction against the Bush administration for segregating protesters and his public appearances. The Secret Service had to agree to stop the practices. Jeff Ryan 29 said he and his wife were the t-shirts because when you see the president's speaker on TV, he's usually shown surrounded by a perfect supporters only. While we wanted to hear him out and while we wanted to see him in person, we didn't want to be edited the tally of Bush supporters that day. Nicole Rank 30. But third man. Initially was dismissed from our job with FEMA, but was re-heard after the charges were dropped. How do you like this? Common as much as craft. These notty's these fascists. These do stepping lunatics that have taken power in America by stealing the election. And by taking away every single right they can piece by piece turning the constitution to Tatters. God. Here's one from German who says, no, he's not a German. That's his name. Maybe his name is Garman. Garman Tita. Remember Garman Tita? No. Oh. Harold Belvin and the blue notes. And there's song, wake up everybody should be the carry campaign thing song. You want to put Harold Melvin in the blue notes? No, not really. I don't either. I mean, yeah, wake up it's time for carrying his people to wake up. No question about that. In fact, who was it that ripped him an ass? I got that screw here somewhere. Here it is. Long time democratic insider Tony Cuelo last out of the carry presidential campaign. Characterizing it as a campaign in chaos. It's kind of like QAM. I see tremendous similarities. They don't you? Yep. That's right. With the at another appointment of a former Clinton administration staffer to carry team on Tuesday, Cuelo argues the problem is worsening, not getting better. There was nobody in charge. Now, listen to the comparisons with what's going on a QAM. Okay. There is nobody in charge and he had these two teams that are generally not talking to each other's Quelo who ran out of course campaign, or any two thousand presidential race. As Cuelo and other detractors see it, there is a civil war within the carry campaign. Just like there is a QAM. A war between the sports nerds and those of us who are not part of the sports nerd fraternity. Senator Ted Kennedy's former Chiastap members Mary Beth Keehill, the carry campaign manager, and veteran Democrat strategist Bob Schrumm, a real loser, are at odds with recent additions who served under President Clinton. Here are two groups that have never gotten along and have fought, and it's a lot over money said, well, because in the Democratic Party, the consultants get paid for the creation and the placement of advertising, Republicans only pay for the creation of the placement. Quelo former congressman who served this hospitality whip for the Democrats from 8789 does not question any of carry staffs in charity, and wanting to once see President Bush, but his comments highlighted a long standing battle within the party for National campaign control in 88 due caucus, Schrumm is involved in 92 Clinton, nothing do with Schrumm. They don't want Schrumm in any way, Quelo says, in 96 they don't want one not one Schrumm in any way. In 2000, Gordon doesn't want the Clinton people. We go forward, 2004, all of a sudden, it's the Schrumm Kennedy people. And Quelo adds that the carry campaign staffers are in serious trouble now, so now they want to bring in the Clinton people. The Democratic scuttle but as long been filled with concern over Schrumm's losing streak, he remains all for seven presidential elections from George McGovern to Michael De Cox to Al Gore, from Tipper to Tickeredo, whoever's been sweet. He's got 10 everybody else in single digits so far. You're listening to me, you go to New York Rogers exclusively on five six. You can't be. Hello, these are Gelleries, and you know, moment be this dengering from the Rogers at one to hour. In that power company, on horse. You put the futility and utility, Florida paradise in life. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you. When a storm threatens, we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets here. Leading the rest of us too marvell at the blue flow of exploding transformers, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology. And in the moist heat of tropical darkness, the weakening batteries and our radios broadcast your latest rest release for South Florida. That says your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border, and the question in every one's mind is, huh? So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many of P. All emergency crews does a take to change a life home. Learn a paradise in life, this hurts for you. In that power company, on horse. That's the only correct answer. Okay, that's too a little out of your little some steam. Let's do it again. Those of you who are pissed off and fired up waiting for our days and weeks and months for them to find a get around again. You're power back on. Of course, by the time they do that, the next big blow is coming along. I've been remiss way to take about 100 calls this hour, at least two, three, 400. Okay, I'm sure there are many, many more names we need to get on this poll. I just thought there may be some of them stories worth getting on. Did you? Oh, it. 5, 6, 7, I'm sure my young and like me hates that, but he just can't stand that stuff. Oh, he likes them a lot better than adding names to the poll. Sure. Too bad. Like I said, let's get 700, 800 names added on that poll to sour. And I think he ought to pay that price is kind of peanuts for not knowing anything about the geography of Cuba last time that we were talking to. Oh, man, that was so embarrassing. He's telling me, one ton of obey is in a Western tip, there were ones of you who had by that hurricane by Ivan. He was on a tip. Man, all he knows about is like, why are bears and beans? That's basically it. Has beans. That you enjoyed the beans. WQM, hello. Don't talk about beans, Joyce will get upset, okay? WQM, hello. Yes, sir. How about our screw in and the poll smokers? Bye bye. WQM, hello. Can you hear you? Okay. How about the Smiths? The Smiths. Okay. And not bad. We can add a little bit of taste, pal. See you. How about the Smiths? Right. We're adding it. Buffalo Bob Smith? Mhm. WQM, hello. What about the removes? What about him? I think he did? Yes. Show it. He's dead. I knew that. I just kind of a rhetorical question. We can put the removes on there. We got some remoen fans out there. Maybe. About 30 men? About how not. Do you think? Sure what it. WQM. Hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Super cramp. Excellent. That is maybe one of the best ideas of the whole day. Thank you so much. Have a go. And you too. One. Super cramp. Oh, it's matter of fact. See, it's amazing with the very teeny tiny. And I wouldn't say library would be quite, you know, an exaggeration here. But I have here in my beautiful studio that works so well. But just amazing. Almost every time something comes up. And I'm stalling because this thing doesn't see my line of work. Huh? Bitch better have my morning. Oh. We're back. Oh, this is her mom. Yeah. Oh, there he is. He likes her clip from night. No need to. Oh, that got his boss. Oh, geez. Right in the TV. Oh, it's up to the phone. I think this is the best song of all time. Yes. This moment. What's your? I like it. But a much more moving on. I found the art in the bottom. Thanks a lot. Thank you. I can't wait to add a castle. I can't wait to add a castle. I can't wait to add a castle. I'm a dark woman. And I'm actually moving on. I'm moving on. I'll tell you what else are like about all of us. She's not a group, but it's just happened to be on. Baby, man. I'm moving at you really odd. Like a lot more than you do. I don't want to hear anything about the ending. I don't want any excuses. There's nothing negative about that. No, it's a man. Jason Robard was turning over in his brain. You think of me? You look glad. That's not yet so morbid. So perfect for that movie. It's just it's great. It is depressing. It's morbid and it's very long. So if you feel suicidal, if the hurricanes have actually really depressed. Oh, here's the best record of all time. It's a level on this computer here. Too bad. It's okay. No, it's not okay. No, no. I tell somebody about it, but you know how that goes. Yeah, they don't care. They hate us like poison. Too bad the feeling is mutual. Okay, so these are Santa Radio Network where Larry Key used to work before he came a big, uh, but sucking, uh, expert. You, you, you, you. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. About Frank Torino. How's any rush? What is it? Frank Torino. Frank Torino, my hug any rush. And the get through. We got to get through Frank. Where we know, my hug any rush. I'm, when does that? I'm going to get that a joke. Suggestion because I've never heard of any of it. No. WQAM, hello. Can I play on the pole? Yeah, we'd like to stick your ass on the pole. I'll tell you that right now. Okay, in fact, we'd like to see the top of it. Come right up through your skull where your brain used to be. That'd be great. WQAM, hello. Yeah. You know, how about the second topic too? The why? The third topic too. These more. Yeah. WQAM, hello. They kneel. Yeah. Um, a couple things for those who love martial talker. I hear their play and his homestead range and are hurricane. This weekend. Yeah. Also, my choice for a pole is the late night band when Bill Clinton was gets saxophonist. Very underrated. Yeah, they're your role. Okay. I think they're out of material. I don't think they maybe get looked out. They don't have any more names for the pole. I thought there'd be like thousands. But, good man. Or people they wanted to put in pole when you. I would have thought maybe with their more interest in showing us their pimpley ass than they are. You want to say no. Which is fine. Okay. We only got, but we do have all the way to a clock today. Which is excellent. So we probably could look at a lot of ass in that hour. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have nothing to say. I just want to hear super clap again. Oh man. Why do you know, his wishes, my command. I just love super tramp. No, they're great. See, she and to me, I mean, there are a lot of these like, REM and Moody Blues. They don't really belong on it. But we put them on because, like, you people happy. You know. But I mean, super tramp. If you were to ask, what are they? Tap 10, 20, your goose. Who'd help with say super tall? Yeah. Right? Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. That was young. You see the life was so wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Oh, we could be the phone magic call. Ah, we're gonna put it in the tree. We'll be singing so happy. Yeah. Oh, joyfully. Oh, they could be watching me. Oh. Okay, it's enough. I like to play the whole soundtrack. In fact, why would you just play the audio from a magnolia for the rest of the week? I never got tired of that song. How could you get tired of that song? Fritz, of all. When do they play it? Does magic play? What? I had no one to play. I gave up on it. Oh, come on. No, no, no. Tell me. You know what I'm trying to play? Yeah. And our good friend, our good captain, friend, Ricky Tickie. Shaw. What would be the point? What would be the point? Is that you can hear, uh, build me a buttercup by the foundations and the righteous brothers 40, 50 times every day? I'm going to go. I've got that. Not to like. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound by 60. I need Verizon, Marlos, Senator, wireless line, singular. When I say singular wireless, don't forget to enjoy George and Boca Brian today. And McGeele. 5 to 7 with the canvigill will be there too. He might get a little extra on the side. 5 to 7 during half the hour. I'll be our treasure island located right off the pulmetto, just north of the 120 second street exit. This week's feature will be Stephanie Evans. Is she keen to like deal Evans? They got a similar act. Yeah. I heard they kind of horse to run together as well. I heard that's at five this afternoon. They're both straight shooters. WQN hello. Kind of like Peter North. Yes. Uh, let's keep the super jam common. How about Dreamer? Dreamer? Yeah. Okay. Put a bit of ice to sing along with that with. WQN hello. Hey, how you doing? Good. Yes. How about 10 years after? Yeah, how about 10 years after? I said great idea. Call me in about 10. 567.0560. Pound 560 Verizon Wireless SIG at a wireless line. WQN hello. How about three to seven? Yes. Then the headless two hours. WQN hello. WQN hello. Who is this? Who you call? WQN. This is WQN sir. Your computer radio station from New Millennium. What can we do for it? Uh, you've asked about, um, um, I'm underrated. We meet. The most underrated band. That's the, the poor. That's it. Where earth? Okay. There we go. We finally got around. Okay. But what do you mean? Well, I mean, what do you mean? Underrated. What is, uh, look at that. There's a, what's your name? What's her name? Bill Hummer there on the beach right in the head blown away. See, they just can't stop. They had that brought on it. They'll see a new man again today. Just, just, I mean, the whole that outfits he was wearing at Poncho. She's the Hancho with a Poncho. Just couldn't torn to tatters. She's like hanging on for a dear life. I'm telling you, the day's going to come to one of these bashes. Going to get blown into the water. The Gulf, the ocean, somewhere. And it's going to be by by. Well, that's what it was. What do you mean? It'd be like, is Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Oh, God. You think that when the Marlins won't arrest celebrations in South 40, you ain't see nothing yet. And speak of sports. Don't forget, no hockey season. You can say, goodbye. Kista Panthers goodbye. At least for a long, long time. So if Alan Cohen already knows going to the organization in the Yadlau says well, like him, why, your, your money, uh, just Tom, forget about it. Right? And look at that. And there just changed dramatically over the course of the last hours. And we received a report. Not long ago, not here. We don't want to alarm anyone. But about two million miles offshore, they have registered one way in excess of 34 feet. So you can imagine. Wouldn't like the, like, because it's just a long way. It's not going to go for a storm. Would bring with it. You heard Bill mentioned moments ago. The 68 people who've perished in the Caribbean and the Grenada area, and also in, uh, Jamaica, Grenada by the way, they still have 90% of the homes that have been damaged as a result of their storm. Why is he on there? What is, what is the purpose? Why, I know he needs a job. But what is he doing on there? Is he going to be the CNN history as percillus? Is that it? Hey, he's got to do something. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60. And I'm sure that by now, terrorists is coming to give us an update on the two to two, three schedule. I mean, yeah. I mean, no. Stay tuned. You're listening to Neil Roger exclusively on by the city. You're all gone. Oh my God, you're breathed a beautiful. Here's what people are saying about the Simius limb diet. The 10-year slim ad showed a blurry before picture of his fat lady in a both-he sweater. And in the ad picture, she's turned sideways and sucking in her stomach. I thought it's got to be a scam. It is a scam. But unlike other scammed I asked the Simius limb diet actually simulates the appearance of weight loss. If I tried the Simius limb diet, people tell me I look great. As long as I'm turning sideways and sucking in my gut. And the Simius limb diet is perfect for men too. I look for a guy who has 40 pounds on the Simius limb diet. I'm also turning full. Don't go to the trouble of actually losing weight. Just look thin with Simius limb. 117 at 5.60 WQAM. Martha ready to do time. You ready for that? She-ha. I'm ready for it. Martha Stewart said that the Asyl starts serving her five-month prison sentence as soon as possible to put her nightmare behind her behind. The home-making expert entrepreneur said the decision was hard, but necessary one for it to get out with her life and her business, and that she was anxious to get back to work as soon as she could. The best word to use for this very hard and difficult decision is finality. And my intense desire to put this nightmare behind my behind. Both first-man professionals, Stewart 62, said, and news conference this morning at Martha Stewart, I'm the media headquarters in Manhattan. I must reclaim my good life and I must return to my good works. What are those? About that. Dressed in khaki garb and a time-emotional, Stewart called the prospect of going to prison and giving her a perfume, frightening, and difficult. Othe antsy nothing yet. Wait till then, big mama's in there, get ahold of that bitch. Stewart was sentenced to in July to five months prison, and five months of hospital, we know that. Like Eric Idol says, she's an up-to-reach bitch, and a sticker-rass in there. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. I'm Goneo. Yes, sir. One for the poll. Two if I can do it. One. Look, okay. Little feet. Little feet. Oh my God, I'm so sorry you said that. I'm okay, tell me. Put it right behind. Nice. Oh, little feet. Man. It's the only thing I can't send, we're just in a little feet, is smelly feet. I do this whole thing with smelly people. I just, I don't know why that is. Now they say that as you get older, certain senses get weaker and other ones get stronger. Maybe I should say that with a smell. Huh? Is that what the old people are always complaining about things they smell? They're so jammed. They smell bad. Like, and then you noticed that the ones that they were a bag, they don't seem to be able to smell it. Right. And you were trying to give me the so-and-man's about how people don't can't smell their own bad or older. I just, I don't understand it. Trust me. Why? How? Because that's how it smells. If someone smeared two pounds of elephant crap all over you, you'd smell it. After a certain point, you would not. So in other words, if you just walked around in the worship of the worship, if you'd as it would be, just like a party. Well, man, there must be an awful lot of people running around with elephant crap smeared on it because God, don't say what you're saying. They smell like crap. I just, I've always said, if you can't look good, and a lot of us never will, I never did. At least smell good, right? You know, that makes it a little more pleasant to be around. You know? Well, then people like the crow are going to complain, see? He wants me to smell good. But not too good. Okay. In other words, find a happy medium. Okay. So, you can just go to the next one. I'm going to tell you about that. I'm going to tell you about that. But not too good, not like the lilac. It's not like you're not like you're talking about a bath and cashmere bouquet in about 400 pounds of it. God, wash it off. WCWM, hello. You need a God? Yes, sir. One group, and then one idea for the poll. Yeah. I bought the beaches. Yeah. You're driving around that one. Yeah. And do Americans say that we could get five without you legal and let's get out. Everyone, go. Good question, excellent. Do we think we can get by without a legal Mexican help? Let's ask some of the veners what they think. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six. This is great because it shows that after this hurricane thing, we have a lot of people there who kind of like out of touch and no electric and kind of like laws trying to put their lives together, the business back together. But this is a good sign because every 2D, every nut shop and the audiences out there now. That's good to hear. Right? Don't you feel better about life? Oh, yeah. You better. WQM, hello. Not there. WQM, hello. Oh, yeah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, six, the new, please. Speaking. Oh, Neil, thank God. The veners calling you. Uh, can you give it all the athletes and I love you, Neil. Tell me the QM, hello. How about the group? Not just like a night. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. How about the bar hole surfer? Can you put them on your phone? Yeah, okay. WQM, hello. I think it was serious. Good morning. Neil, how you doing? Yes, sir. Good. Uh, a fan for your poll. Frank's the applicant of the other zone of adventure. Hey, that's good. Is it matter of fact? I'm so impressed that he said that. And let's see. Did I try playing this before? I think I was able to play it. And I had like, uh, the best. How? Hey, there. People on bottom. We're going to drown. This is the um, the cue is boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth is shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss. My honey. Here I am at a famous school. I'm present sharp. And I'm acting cool. I got a cheerleader here. I want to help with my face. But better do all the work. And maybe they're all me. But all by the time. You're never confused. I do not think out to it. But I'm thinking I'm stopping right there. Because I'm not so sure there's anything in here that we do dump out. I, I bleeped it. It's already pre bleeped. I think it's clean. Are you sure? No, let's give it a shot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Women with a raise up. It's game free with all the rock and they're home. I tell you people, I was not ready around. I'm in this night by the name of the radio. She'll be a little speech then. All she tried to make you say, man. The club. The club. The ball in the bass. But she'll be a good bitch. I guess it's still a dog. But now I'm a chews. Okay. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. When I'd be closer. Oh yeah. How does the story end? I hit one dump but I used mine. I don't know about anybody else. It was all right. It's not so hard. Yeah. You did one. How a good job. I bleeped in that one up nice. Excellent. Man. In fact, I think you did such a good job. That you'll be sitting right on Duff's left. And I've several months in there. And I'm warning one. Stern is on. Just make sure we get everything out. Wow. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes sir. I get a group for you there. Yeah. They're ready to California. They're called. One. One of the. No. No. But they're pretty boring to me. Okay. You love love? No. Never heard of love. Okay. We need to die. WQAM. Yes sir. NRBQ. So I'm in RBQ. They're already on. Thank you. Already on there, ain't they? Yes. I should probably give it a results on the public. Or two busy acting up here about poor Frank Zappa who still did. What is the most underrated rock group of all time? I'm sure it's not ever doing this again anytime soon. I thought it was going to be great. But 467 votes. Sublime 50. Holley's 45. The King's 43. We got a nice race going on here. And also still within shooting distance. Steely Dan. And of course, if anybody deserves to be shot. Well, maybe they'll run out of gas. Yeah. They just shoot the gas tank. And then they will run out of gas. You're right. Jethro tall is got to look what he's got. Rush 29. The dooby brothers 26. Radiohead 25. But we got a lot of names on this list. The animals 20. Again, they don't really belong on it. Listen, but that's all. Cream 15. King Crimson 12. Sweet. Sweet. 11. How's he doing by the way, for us? He's still alive. Further, though. Pock and Ed's nine. The Pet Shop Boys 8. Crowd in House 8. Grand Funk Railroad 7. Marshall Tucker band 7. Berlin 7 Super grass 7. Guess who's six. They ought to have a lot more votes than I know we put them on. They should have a lot. And they also don't belong in this pool. Do you think? Ah, who cares anymore? Oh, we don't care. XTC 6. Joy Division 6. Merleon Merleon. Whatever that is. Five. Ten CC 5. The Ramones 4. Four and her 4. The Turtles 4. Bandron and Amons. God 4. How do you like that, huh? Here. Beer. Uh. Whose grudoo is God 4. I think I'm trying to get into the hang of that. They've parked five three traveling will brewery's three. Daddy, war holes has got three. Daddy, war box ain't got one yet. The Smiths have got a pair. The eyes they've rather stew. Oh, I got one for you. The Thompson twins. Okay. You don't like them? I mean, I did. And then, you know, they destroyed it like they're only around for like five minutes. But they're pretty good. I like them. Uh, I think about this to counting crows to bread has got a pair. And our BQs got to that he just called it crazy worse. Two Frankie Labanado teenagers got a pair. And he's still really dead. The spinners have got only one. And we just put up mothers of invention, Merit, earth, and the zombies don't have the zombies. We put up quite a lot of go. They have the big. Oh, nothing. So far. She's not there, though. Nope. Daddy, war. Boy, did they play that on Zeta? Oh, that PD Bull is your man. Thank goodness that nobody put CCR. Oh, thank God for that. And we don't have a little feed on there yet, man. Because we weren't good. Why not? Just because I hate them like poison and PD bull. You're played that light up the little feed up the ass. And Zeta ripped that guy for suggesting it. Yeah. But nonetheless, there are people they were popular. They sold a couple of records here and there. Don't ask me how. Hey, speaking a little feed. When you shop for quality food, where a great selection and professional service. What a segue, man. It just just astonishes me the kind of crap we fall into. You know what? The only problem is when we come out, we smell unlike Regrid. There's only one place to get your feet taken care of. That's Brandy shoes in Pablo Beach. The biggest selection men's amendment shoes waiting for you. The best services always and the best prices in town that are always unbeatable. At Brandy's you find the top names in the shoe business. They got them all. They got rockports floor shime. SA has spirit, timberland naturalizer and lots more. And I guarantee all that Greg's and does and turns his lives all on it. That whatever you're looking for, whatever style is in stock right now on a shelf. Ready to slap on your smelly feet. Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday. And you'll find a 1290 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach is always worth the trip no matter where you are. And all this week at Brandy's again, it's a great time to buy SAS because all great men's and women's styles continue to be 25% off. So be sure this week to get into the store. Check them on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. Sneak to Neil Roger Feex, Gloofy-Lay on 5-6. 2-0 on 5-6. Gosh, I'm back to my home. Hey, that's the training. Not only did I approve this, but I strongly advise you, pay close attention. If you know what's good for you, please. Very well, I know. This was Johnny Toul times. But they call me Johnny Toul times because I say everything Toul times. I was employed by Satan's parties, Satan's parties, to perform a service for my company. So I can't say hope because I'm a soldier. So you got to say what you think about under ready computer machines. You think I see? We get your print, your prints. So we know we are. That's right, we know. So we find out who voted for a draft budget, Gary, and John Kerry. Do you believe it by one of our associates who will proceed to show the power down your throat and chuckle up your legs with his shoulder? Let's shovel. So if you don't want to get a high folk for Bush, if you don't believe me, read the paper. Well, I mean, can I use something, my crowd, McFran? You know, I'm thinking because that music is from the movie, obviously. And I'm trying to think of where in the movie that music is from. That's right. I mean, that little interlude there. Yeah. Did they use it more than once? I don't know. But I mean, it's, uh, I'm trying to think of even one would be good. Passive by me for the moment. Then, and, and, and, and, and, and, I don't know. I know. What is it? And Godfather, too, yes? Yes. When they're doing the, uh, hey, I got a free carpet for you. Oh, yeah, that's right. When Clemenza takes it in there to the, uh, and the house where the people are away, and they break into the house. And they're like, well, we can get a carpet. And bring in the carpet out there. Absolutely. Very good. That was outstanding. Almost as good as... I know who I am. I'm low-green. I made my phone to when you were going out with cheerleaders. Bad news for some of the people with her shutters. Maybe it's not such a good idea to put up shutters. I don't know if you heard this story about the priest in the forelawterdale. No. Catholic priest was killed in a house fire at Tuesday night last night. After efforts to rescue him were hampered by hurricane shutters covering the windows. Boy, well, that's tragic somehow. The Reverend Jorge Sardina's 53 apparently tried to fight the blaze with a garden hose. Before he was overcome by heat and flames. FAMING! Said for a lot of the police sergeant Alfred Lourdes Jr. No relation to Don Irvine, Jr. Neighbors called to report to fire in the 32-under block of South West 20th court at 1030 in the PM when firefighters arrived. They found heavy smoke and flames coming from the house. They had trouble getting in the house because hurricane shutters still powered off to the windows and in the sun suddenly got the pictures here. It really hindered our efforts again to the house. But hadn't she filled up painting dinner? There's a lesson to be learned. It's take your shutters down after a storm in case of a fire. Yeah, well wait a minute. What they telling us to leave our shutters up until like just five minutes ago because of Ivan? They did. We've only had the all clear on Ivan for about just a few minutes. But pardon me. Right. Sardina's was an art professor at St. Thomas University in my man. A priest at our lady of the Lake's Catholic Church in Miami, Lace Lewis. He was found unconscious on the floor near a bedroom and paramedic administered CPR before taking the browogeneral. His dog was found dead inside the house. Damn. So you got a Catholic priest and a dog. Now if I had my brother, I'm sorry. I was bad. Pennington said Sardina's turned down only a few shutters after reasons. Dormes threw a lot of light into the house. Lace said for a lot of the fire arson investigators and police homicide detectives were investigating the blaze. But they had no reason to suspect foul play. Pretty upset about that dog. I'll tell you that right now. And speaking of upset, this bitch, well of course I shouldn't be talking about such stuff on a reverse or show on the Jewish New Year. Oh, but I will anyway. Your favorite. Oh, are you a speed wagon? I can't stand them. But that's the woman for the bull. Put it on. Are you a cheese wagon? Yeah. Almost as outstanding as the derandorant, but not quite. Are you a speed wagon? We'll put it on to make you feel better about your life. Oh, can't about your taste such as it is. Fresh from her acclaimed reinvention tour, pop idol Madonna in bars today. And a spiritual pilgrimage to Israel to practice her newfound faith in the mystical Jewish Kabbalah. Kabbalah Kabbalah. So I was trying to say it wrong. Now I'm so confused about it. Can't figure out which one is wrong. I really don't give a crap. It's all a bunch of crap is what it is. Okay. Kushmar and Tocca says they say in China. Orthodox Jews afraid of the growing popularity of the movement among non-Jews is nothing more than a trend that to me. Call a choice in four mires and anapals wherever she is over there. And ask her if I can say, Kushmar and Tocca, sorry. That guy is your cup of Tel Hasino about it. Third of call up, but Dr. Judy Dean shows playing tour. I got to play that. Orthodox Jews afraid the growing popularity of the movement among non-Jews is nothing more than a trend that means there were religious beliefs. There was nothing that could mean the beliefs of Orthodox Jews. Trust me when I tell you already the other devout of any religion sect unit bubble micees. Fairy tales. Bull crap. Madonna who recently adopted the Hebrew name Esther. Oh my god did you know that? Yes I did. Her name is Esther. Yes she's going back to school for a semester. And then at the end of the term we can test it. You test her. And then she'll come to your house and test it until you can't stand it no more. She adopted the Hebrew name Esther. Where's a trademark. Cable or red string on her wrist. What is that supposed to do? To remind you of what? Are you Jewish? Yeah. That you think you are. Has said she's serious about her belief in Jewish mysticism and irritated by accusations that are faith is nothing more than a celebrity. Oh she certainly wouldn't do nothing like that. Don't talk about that bitch. Don't talk about smelly. Yet for many of the her fellow followers of Cable are at least those congregating around Judaism's We Western Wall. The latest test will be just how much fabric the material girl wears over her arm shoulders and legs. She should rest modestly instead of showing off her body commented one woman selling books about the Cable and Near the Western Wall in Jerusalem. One of Judaism's holiest sights. I can't believe they even let women near that. Don't the earth axe. Use throw rocks at the women I go to the wailing wall. Yes they do. Let's hope they throw them at her. Ultra Orthodox Jews frown upon women wearing pants. Let alone the raunchy anatomically exaggerated boosty as in fishnet stockings. Sonomas would they have a down a concert. They took one look at that and they would go. Fah. But don who's are tiniere was kept under wraps for security reasons. Was expected to celebrate the Jewish New Year. Russia, Shana, they luxury hotel and Tel Aviv. With about 2,000 fellow cobbleists from the LA based cobbleist center. What where did this come from? What did you know what this reminds me of? I've whole life. My whole life I went, you know, my to my old business rolled along. Sing of the song. All of a sudden they became this thing born again Christian. I never heard of such a thing. And now all of a sudden my whole life as a dietary Jew only. And a role in long having gone through that phony baloney business with the bar. Mitch went all that nonsense. And now it's this cobble. Where did this come from? Pop star Britney Spears another bubble head, who has changed an intimate kiss with Medad and MTV awardio. Maybe that's where they got the exchange. There may be a rubbed off on her. Huh? Oh, yeah. I know you do and back and they probably would have tried to get away with it. Not now you want to. Let me tell you right now. Didn't pass the mustard test. Britney Spears and Hollywood actress Demi Moore also are followers of cobble. Although neither will be joining Medad and Israel. I wonder about Ashden Kuchi Kuchi Akuchir. Since he's doing to me more sub-elegantly. He really irritates the economy. There's just some of these people. I don't know what it is. He bugs me. Good. He bugged. Nah, I'm just telling you. He just gets on my nerves. What's the, and that show that's 70 show. Have you ever tried to watch that show? Yeah, there's a girl I like on there. But it's not a funny show. Well, I guess I could have liked him two years ago. Well, he's starting to get really bizarre. Look at like this spaceship is just landed. But that show is just every character runner is, I'm not going to say a little over the top, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like that's simply a queen that the beiner queen or whatever the thing is supposed to be on there. See one good thing about TV that I really appreciate is that they don't, they don't bring on these exaggerated stereotypes. I'm coming. And Judy isn't cabala means, does that right? Yes. Cabala means literally. I don't know how you say it. And frankly, I couldn't care less. What has been handed down? Oh, writing's dating to the middle ages and oral teachings. Can we say oral? No. Old teachings which are held by the faithful to describe the two nature of God and man to reveal the secrets of creation. In other words, bugamyces which literally transmemmed me, related means old wives tales, word of mouth, fables as a, even a sub would be embarrassed. Madonna's Cabala's congregation which is described to a new age brand of mystical Judaism were to pray and meditate over the Holy Observe the young keeper fast day next week. Are you going to be observing young keeper? I'm not. I'm going to beat like a pig on that day. I'm going to be like, pick it out. Cheeseburgers, bacon, pork chops. That's how I'll be observing it. And I'm going to be eating so much. Tray next week. I'm going to write in Hell in extra 100,000 years. How do you like that? I'm going to like it a lot. Now you can't have to have two sets of dishes. And by the way, tell Gary Sarner for me, castle, voice when you see him. Okay. Yeah. Give him a big bright smile. Twenty-till two at five, sixty-w-two and this is one of those times so many of you might need help fast. Thankfully, dial a mattress delivers the same day all across on for it. That's right. Same day you call him. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from the deepest and why the selection of bedding. All of it, a little for same day delivery. Call 1-800 mattress right now and get you factory-direct prices and immediately delivery. And as always, you still get to pick the date and two hour window for your schedule to fit when you're going to be there. And dial a mattress is on time 99.7% of the time. Thalamakras is ranked the best in the world of customers. satisfaction these folks are winners of the 2004 better business bureau, local church of excellence award. They give you an unbeatable deal all the way around including the top names in a business. They got silly. Sir, the King Coral Simmons, Tevere Pentec, even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Everybody with a brain is calling him and you ought to be doing the same. Have a need today for a new bedding. Go put it off a minute longer. Log on to their website, mattress.com or make that easy toll free call just sitting there on your fat lazy ass call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. Your needs at new Rogers X, course, early morning. The main day am. Thumbin pump pump pump. Oh, I don't know where it is about. The wine little boy says or their big nose is a goofy heart, tiny little mechels. I don't know they just let us rub me the wrong way. And I shout the Tesla Lens and every speech I love regains it's in the news. How are he hates jokes? Stealing hatred through the Haunts, Boston people's months of office. It's in the news. Oh, how are he hates jokes? You won't catch her like an amon or a. No. God, he must have a wonderful war on. Once he speaks, I want to cry. He could use a good rap by his sins and the news. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Can I re-hate you? One story's by, I guess the man dog is going to be on. Can you take a look in there and see his hidden door? He's in there, which is got a report. You've got to be kidding me. I wouldn't. I am amazed and just shocked. Aren't you? He must be in there for other reasons. Maybe he's a recording staff for a, huh? I don't know. Maybe he's a. It is not payday. They've been close to payday. I'll just throw a guess is up. Man, how the mighty half fallen I can't believe that. Big name will beloved from coast to coast from pillar to post. Super star. Probably the number one S.J. broadcast you're in the country today. Now that Pat Semoroll is like fading into oblivion, when you think who else would be? What about the minister of Goose? He yeah, all right. Or that obnoxious Tim McCurver that won't shut up. No, I think man dogs right up there. And anyway, he is there today. It's like a bonus for the audience 30 minutes of the man dog. Oh, I guess he's probably doing it just so we can say to me, see, I'm only on for half an hour big shot. And I'm still getting paid. Good point. Five women whose husband's died in the 911-2000 Montetax on the World Trade Center through their support behind John Kerry yesterday. Oh, same the Democratic presidential challenger would keep America safer by refocusing US efforts to defeat Al Qaeda. The Quintetta would join by survivor of the attack on the Pentagon said they'd been rebuffed. My president George W. Bush in every attempt at a proper investigation in their husband's death and said it's solid the memory of their loved ones to have the war in Iraq linked to the attacks. After watching the Republican convention in New York on scared, said Kristen Brightwise of Newton, New Jersey, who has been, whose husband Ron died more than three years ago. I'm scared that my daughter, whose five years old, is being handed a tomorrow that'll be a war for a lifetime. My husband was killed in 911-01, lose my daughter 18 years from now when she's living or working in a big city. And it's payback for our actions in Iraq. I'm scared about what could happen over the next four years. Security and remember it says if 911, we're centrally the Republican convention held at mirrors six kilometers. What is that? Like three and a half miles from New York's ground zero and hold my securities become the cornerstone of Bush's reelection bid. Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, New York Governor George Patecca and a litany of the speakers to the Republican delegates that Americans could remain safe under a second Bush term. While Kerry would offer a mushy response to terrorists that would make the company more vulnerable. But the woman who came forward yesterday said they had a fight to convince the Bush administration to agree to the 911 Commission, then thought to convince him to properly finance it. But if he had to get it up, it's work. They say the war in Iraq has become a recruit and tool for terrorists been unstrucking the U.S. again and has allowed Osama bin Laden in his followers to regroup. We spent 14 months begging for a commission to be established. And we found it was present in Bush with word our efforts at every turn said Patecca Saza of Colsonic New York and New Jersey. Laurie Van Hawke and a piece of Brunswick, New Jersey said the Bush administration took its eye off the ball by invading Iraq before its work was done in Afghanistan and the United States. And you're listening to this and you read all of this and you read all of these bedtime stories and you open up your book or newspaper anything. You're going to our website and you ask yourself, how is it possible that the democratic party could be so inept? How is it possible that John Kerry couldn't be 15, 20, 30, 40 points ahead? Whatever. Am I right? Yeah. And you have to hand it to him. They may not be good. But at least they're consistent. And guess what books are coming out today, speaking of that? What's that? The family by Kitty Kelly. I think that's really interesting that the name of her book, unveiling all the truth about this disgusting family going back all the way to George Herbert Walker, Bush, Grold Grandpa, whenever met a Nazi didn't like. The family can just see something there. I don't get how many day go get you. What, Grisball, going by, come out of the woodland. Yeah. That comes out today and also they'll want to see more herspocus out today also. So I'm going to go out and get those immediately, not sooner. And maybe even once in a while since we occasionally wrap in some of these bedtime stories when Miguel's not there because he doesn't like it. We'd, a few excerpts from that. Good. Kitty Kelly's the family. And of course, that sharing Bush the former daughter-in-law, man, she's tried to cover her ass big time. And they tried to make Kitty Kelly look really a moronic into the article that they always do on CNN this morning, try to put her in your corner which you wouldn't have any part of. And she is where and she said, well, Sharon Bush is trying to like her. We can't what she said because she's scared. And who is that Bimbabwe? And she's not with her Bimbabwe. Yeah, generic Bimbabwe. Yeah, generic Bimbabwe. And, oh, we'll scare it off. What? Scared off. What? Oh my. So there you go. It's in the book source today. The family by Kitty Kelly, the real story about these grave robbers. And of course, they got some real serious plans. Some devious plans for the next let's see. For eight, uh, 16 for the next hundred years. Like I said yesterday, they got fat ass governor Jim Bush. They want him to have eight years after this bozo finishes if the world is still on peace. And then they got George P. Once he quit striving on in circles in his girlfriends, the parking lot. Ten minutes before. And like you said, maybe no well. Once she gets out of rehab, hey, it was good enough for WD. It's got to be good enough for her, right? Sure. It kind of runs in the family. Maybe they have a nose problem. There are nose runs in the family. That might be it. If you're on the ant can South Beach Sugarbusters or any low carb sugar free diet, we want you to head forward the lights of West Boca because you're going to love this store. It's all for you. For years, the lights has helped thousands of low carb divers achieve their weight loss goals. And now, the lights of West Boca be celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts about to 50% off on low carb products like carb or light. Pure delight, carbs sense and lots more. And as the anniversary super special, you can save half off at 50% all the rackets, food brands, brand foods and supplements too. Don't forget the great selection you'll find at the lights of low carb bakery items like cheesecake, reds, rolls, brownies and all kinds of other great stuff. And don't forget, you can try anything in the store. Just taste a little sample before you buy it. They have a knowledgeable staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out and they're open daily until 10. Don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins, carbolite and pudilite products too. Delights of West Boca will positively absolutely not be undersold. You'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston Market or by the way, how many sides do you get with your remaining order at Boston Market or the North Korea at 1-877-LOW-Carber on the web, lowcarb.com, LOW, C-A-R-B. It's Delights of West Boca, they want an only official atkins retail center. The Hours, Derncher, we are Rogers and mornings in midday. And we're around a clock for five seconds to reach the weekend. This is the Neil Rogers Show. This is your brain. Any questions? Oh, Michael Jackson has asked the judge in his trial for permission to speak out about his alleged mispriegment at the hands of the set of our Brimpolyse department. It was awkward. They peered me from my warm, closeie California king bed when I was watching reruns of mighty common car ringers. They sturned my mansion like I was, but Dom was saying. They were calling a horrible name like, hey you, and stopped running and sit right there. I tried to defend myself by saying, I am rubber and you are goo. And whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you, but it did not stop them. They spilled my metal ball over my furry white bunny slippers and smashed my bubble making machine to smithereens. I tried to kick them out of my secret room by throwing pixie stick dust in their eyes. But they kept coming. It was a nightmare. Why are the police allowed to treat people this way? I am an upstanding citizen who wants only to have his privacy and an occasional sleep over the theme party. Who to say my guests didn't want to play the popular party game, what's in my pocket? That is my business and the business of the families, the fence attorney, not the police. I have bruises on my new nose and red mart found my butt tops. Though that is not from the police. They shackled my wrist and shoved the bashy ball into my mouth and said, who's bad? Actually, maybe that was a dream I had last night. Never mind. So please please people, you need not be roughy and for saying nasty things to me. Sticks and stones may break my elephant man bones, but names they also hurt me. Okay, we got the man dog standing by. He'll be along for a really pressure pack half hour between two and two and thirty to Marlon's on deck. Two and a third day we got the level header at P.P. Park, Exposure Town and of course both of those games. Forget about no problem, right? Yeah, no problem. Marlon's sweet. That's what George predicts. Anyway, here's the result in the poll so far we got 538 votes. Most unarrated rock group of all time. We apologize for some of the ones on here that really are much too popular to be on here. But nevertheless, Sublime 50, Holly's 46, the King's 44, Steely Dan 42 and believe me if you heard their music you'd be out of gas too. Rush 38, Jeff wrote tall 31, do me brothers 29, radio hit 25, the animals 23, Cream 19, King Crimson 12, sweet 12, sweet. Talking heads 11, the Pet Shop Boys 10, Smith's 9, 49, proud of us and we left handsome off of here. It just a joke. We put it on there. It's just a little tough. 499, proud of House 9, Superfast 9, yes who ate only 8, Grand Funk Rail Road 8, Marshall Tucker Band 8, Bruin 7, Do a Division 7, Ramon 6, FTC 6, Counting Crosby, having 5, Maridian 5, 10CC 5, they park 5, 4, counting will be released for a turtle. Turtles for band on a nomans got 4, how do you like that? Who's gonna do is got 4, the other ones believe me. Tiny teeny tiny potatoes. Bye bye! I was just got show of me the brothers and his boys, I was around the clock. You made me a 4, the money down. I'm out of the way down on my down. I'm gonna set two men or not light together.