Five a you question What is it? Our Dean is going to try Athlete and stand His numbers now are twins The lead Good at feet Has to me is fine To the corner of my face Thinkin' once was the doctor drinking And he must have really bad eyes Oh, we got an Oregon Michigan Our Dean is right We're gonna get an American New York Our Dean is right Golden, golden, golden In those voters, votein Our Dean is going to try And words, Clarkson, Gary Look thinner than who he married A Thomas, just as what the doctor need The hopeful next Thursday Do you think twice before display Her pick-poll may go into the court CD That's a big deal Our Dean is right Our Dean is right That's another Dean's supporters Look at the doctor Judy Dean There was only one thing to say Bye bye All in by the way, spirit Just a new line sack of crap I saw for the first time last night The clip right after the Super Bowl Sunday night Not that we want to have more than 10 or 20 more stories about that It just doesn't want to go away Just a few We had a great time and it was a lot of fun Nothing about all that was on plan I'm embarrassed that I'm humiliated It was really supposed to be a visitor And all this other crap What a lion's secret As the new inquire points out very well Also in the new inquire, shocking Oh my God Story about Michael Jackson And this whole deal Source claims nation of Islam is extorting millions From the Superstar and the admitted molestation To Lewis Faracone of all people And they got the video, they got the tape Have you liked that? They wouldn't Extort any way Carly Bruges dead, which isn't a surprise It's a horrible story in Sarasota And this is the second time this week We had the kid who got killed in school In the day county And that we've got this 11-year-old girl Who was walking around They're kind of wandering around on her own And George is like psychotic about that Whatever Well, because it's somebody else's daughter That's right Anyway, her body was found behind a church in Sarasota The suspect Joseph Smith jailed two-day unrelated drug and probation violation charges Has been charged with kidnapping and murder And this is a real upstanding guy, by the way See, it's a good thing that they take the pot people The people that have like a pin joint in their Ashtray and a car, they put them away for a good long time Because, you know, they're the ones that are dangerous People like Joseph Smith His criminal record in the area dates back to 1993 When he's convicted of aggravated battery and sentenced to probation In November 1997, he was arrested on the charge of kidnapping And false imprisonment manatee county He was acquitted of those charges a year later Uh, he, this is great A woman accused Smith, a grabbing her as she was walking along her street And threatening to cut her if she failed her main quiet But his comment was he'd been an altercation earlier that evening And wanted somebody to walk with and talk to Right, so he just dragged her ass off the street A few months earlier, Smith was convicted Curring concealed weapon on knife According to his arrest record from the FDLE which is long as your arm He faced numerous drug charges in 2001 Convicted her heroin possession Possession of controlled substances and attempting to obtain controlled substances My fragile it means it served a little more than a year And prison he was on probation when arrested two days See, if he would have had like a, maybe an ounce of pot He'd be doing 10 to 20 Right, but you know heroin and knives and grab them Off the street he was walking around on a loose again Which goes on all the time in America And now we have a little dead girl. What a surprise Here's the result of the polio, stay with your pot A lot of apologized to our Jamaican lady who was very very upset At the content of the show Yeah, and if the TV show things that I played And that the polls that we took yesterday Wasn't up to her meticulous standards We want to apologize profusely And we'll see if we can't do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And we'll see if we can do better in the future And maybe that's her problem besides life Too bad honey get lost Although it's good that she keeps stuff occupied with those calls She really enjoys your calls lady And hopes that you'll start calling every day Because it makes them feel like he's doing something really worthwhile Listening to the show online, 263 And that's pretty good isn't it Yet it's the naked pictures 232 Now most of them I'm sure came from university in Miami The pool's 224 The news stories 157 I hated its evil 75 Our website is evil The swimming noises 71 The archives only 65 I don't know And the funny pictures 50 out of 1632 votes Here's today's pool And I sure hope it meets with the approval of the In fact maybe we ought to put her out I'd like to put her out of pool A pool of the biggest asshole of the new millennium so far And that's only 2004 just early into it The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far As we start with a short list And of course we'll add on any others that we've overlooked Which I'm sure there might be how many thousand About 20 men Thousands to add on Oh but before we do that I see we got a couple of really good calls coming in WCW and hello Hi, I'm the middle Yes sir Wow, you know I just called I was here to the dollar sale I'm up here in that bucket Yes sir This sitting on the shot 500 You're a man Matt too much Oh god And he kind of pissed I didn't know he had a book What did he write a book It's a little cover Something's rich The rich It's a bottle The fudge packing story Did he come out of a closet in his book or not You know I didn't buy it because it has a proof of park Yeah But maybe I should buy it and just drop it off The studio No no no no We don't want the pollution factors to strong We don't want to be polluted by it Yeah Oh no, just move it down to the shelter Can get it back Just stand in there or we didn't you know just read a couple of chapters while you're in there Don't buy it I said it good no it's pal. I have a great day. Good luck to you. Good night here Here's the new pool The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is Michael Powell colon Powell George W. Bush Rushlinbaugh Janet Jackson Michael Jackson Or Donald Rumsfeld Do we want to put Justin Tinkerbell on there Yeah, absolutely Yeah, let's put Justin Tinkerbell on there since he's part of and crime To all of this crap and an obsessive liar Uh huh And then did you see his also one of his group members from in stink J.C. Shahvesi butterers name is he's been unenvited Whatever he would degrammies whatever he was supposed to be and they all go away Go by Here's a little here's a good guy Robert Wexler. I appreciate the fanatic a listener out there who keeps talking And that's good because this is an important thing like I said it George before the show today And I realize that I'm not going to change the world especially the good old USA I'm not going to change people's priorities They're attitudes to mentality. We just try to have a little fun here And we still have people pissed off and upset like me to make it maybe but anyway I'm sorry Here we had a presidential election stolen right in front of our noses right in Florida And they didn't bow down in Palm Beach And it was like, you know like okay We lose you win And we had like a second and a half to two seconds of a naked breast Not a completely nude breast On a Super Bowl halftime show produced by MTV And right away it's Friday already the game was Sunday and believe me there was a game There is nobody talking about I'm except maybe in Boston and And a Carolina But there's nobody talking about the fact that there was a great game Maybe the greatest Super Bowl ever but it's pop pop pop pop pop It just doesn't end Even like Bill Humper said on CNN this morning when will this ever end you know that's what he said Aren't you impressed by Miss Hummer? Anyway Robert Wexler here's a press advisory from his office congressman Robert Wexler will appear in court 330 this afternoon he'll oppose motion submitted by Secretary of State Glando Hood and Palm Beach County Supervisor elections Teresa LaPore that bitch for dismiss his lawsuit and or transfer the case to telehassy If works the prevails on the motion salized Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Karen Miller to expedite the discovery and trial of the case On January 16 he filed a lawsuit against the Florida Secretary of State And supervisor elections at the Palm Beach County Commission for failing to ensure that Floridians will have their voice recorded accurately The Palm Beach County Commission voted unanimously and February 3rd to purchase valid printers in Palm Beach County So they were dropped from the suit Also the County Commission of Palm Beach, Howard and Dave County's voted unanimously as the at the track County Commission meeting January 26 To request that the Florida legislature changed the current election law to require paper ballots Setting that is the only way to ensure that every vote is accurately counted So they're having at the meet today 330 this afternoon in the Palm Beach County Courthouse 205 Northeastern Highway West Palm Beach Nice going Bob Waxler, you're one of our only hopes the great white hope in the state of Florida While the rest of the public is, oh do you see that titty on the super bowl do you see that titty? Embarrassing juvenile and tragic Let's see here's a fact from Steve who says These scumbags who kidnapped children and killed and let's save on prisons and look and loosen the woods and allow the special forces to train in on them Hutt and Dowd knives and kill them to Steve Well, you see one thing about people who murder children when they go on the inside Just like people in the West Children like father or a gigam He when they get on the inside bad things happen to us You know, yeah, no good things happen to well good things for society and bad things for them And of course, the fact that they're hunted and hunted and live in terror all of that time Just kind of adds to it and makes us feel better about it 1013 at 560 WQM if you're thinking to buy a new car truck if you want to save yourself a potload of cash And who in his right mind doesn't and we invite you to visit armstrongs toyodobomsted There on US one just 20 easy minutes out to the 836 and armstrongs toyodobomsted is worth a drive no matter where you live Because you're gonna save a crap load 1000s and 1000 of dollars on new toyodos check out these unbeatable prices right now And oh for Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990 and oh for Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990 Need a truck how about an all four toyodotundra the safest truck in the country from just 14 990 And when you buy a new car, I'm strong toyodobomsted you get a free sun pass these were the first day of an area This be the first day of an area off your free tires and batteries for life too General manager David Rich, he's the man him and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new car Takes to put you in a new toyodot today experience the armstrong toyodobomsted difference They're locally owned and operated and they're committed 100% customers satisfaction. They'll treat you right no high pressure no BS The service department is open week nights late to late to make sure your service work is done and done right And I'll tell you again conveni located US one in two 93rd street in a home state It's just 20 easy simple minutes out of the 836 so it's well worth your trip because if you're sick and tired of the Negative or so over promise and always seem to under delivery Then this is the place for you called David Rich armstrong toyodobomsted GM at 305 242 3247 That's 305 242 3247 for armstrong's toyodobomsted Traveled and save a whole lot on that great new toyodot My life and look this is for 205 City Where you dutch back and Welcome I Like we stories sweetheart even sila cruise wouldn't have touched you. It's 10 19 at 5 60 WQM Chris Since me along with the stuff which I might read if I have time things you must believe to be ready in a Republican today pretty cute Chris She also asked me if you're by the Edward DVD which was supposed to be released on Tuesday was recalled and the answer is no idea Did you know about it? I did not know about it. Maybe if you made it under the shelf anyway and are not going on eBay for 30 to 70 bucks because they demand is so great I don't know you can buy it on VHS and watch it for about 20 minutes and it's great and then shut it off It just I mean for you to be talking about movies that don't end wow Well, that end too soon or whatever It just goes on and it's a oh any please You know as much as Martin what's his impulse not Martin ball some Martin Furman tells the name Martin ball so not Martin ball some he was in psycho Martin Come on oh, I can't believe that Martin's sheenility Martin Martin Well, whatever the hell guy's name is Martin Landau very good from fishing impossible as great as his performance was he was even a better bell out than Bella was But you know after you see that deal about the first 400 times you could's a little bit stale and they what can I tell it's okay Well, this is good news AP poll didn't notice decline in supports for Bush. Maybe that's why he's leading our pull out of the first 76 votes He's got 46 you think that might be part of it. I got 53 for him. I just refreshed like I said it just went to 53 out of the first 86 Michael Jackson's got 11 I got a really a blockbuster store and I go I didn't say blockbuster Sorry, I apologize a gangbuster president Bush's public support dropped sharply over the past month All right, especially among older voters who are the ones who happen to vote by the way political independence and people in the Midwest and AP poll found And for the first time more voters in this polls two years of tracking the question said they would definitely vote against Bush and said they would definitely vote for him Bush is approval rating stood at just 47% of the AP if so's poll taken early February down from 56% approval just a month ago half or 50% said they disapproved in latest poll Bush is 47% approval rating is exactly the same as his fathers at this stage in his presidency 12 years ago before he got pummeled by Bill Clinton in 1999 Just under 4 and 10 37% said they would definitely vote to be elected Bush's president while 43% said they would definitely vote for somebody else According to the poll connected by by AP another 18% said they're considering for somebody else Haha, oh, not looking too good W so he'll be I meet depressed this Sunday and Tim Russell throw them softball the old Mr president Mr president all the sudden crap you just know that Yeah, I think you said are right he's gonna fill up by the president back to with honey and just suck it out with a straw so get the honey Tim Yeah, he's just gonna want move on that org is got another interesting thing here disturbing interesting they do a good job. Yes, they do says we didn't think the hypocrisy at CBS headquarters could get any worse, but it just did As you know CBS refused to run move on voter funds child's pay add perhaps the most tasteful and unconversial advocacy had in history during the Super Bowl CBS executives claim they had a blanket policy against so-called issue ads Yesterday we learned that the network plans to broadcast an ad promoting the Bush Medicare prescription drug law This is part of a $13 million taxpayer finance TV campaign to take the heat off the White House for pushing through a drug plan that benefits drug companies and insurance companies more than Medicare recipients The White House had features the tagline same Medicare more benefits, but a report by consumers union last month said that most people covered by Medicare wind up spending more for prescription drugs As we as all of the provisions in the law which favored drug companies According to the Washington Post to campaign is intended to counteract democratic criticism that Charge changes to the Medicare program will harm older Americans Now that is in the controversial issue, why don't know what is but since CBS appears to be changing its policy our voter fund is submitted our own Medicare Which exposes the facts behind the spin campaign to run on CBS so far we haven't heard back Please give CBS a call today. Let them know they need to either pull the White House add or run hours And it's got the Viacom CBS's number their email their shoe size their whatever the else so I call that number and that's same email mail boxes full well good Keep calling it okay 212258 6000 for Viacom the C.P. CBS Corridona and Tomacut the crap 212258 6000 nauseating and disgusting as once again another shell out To the good partners in crime even on Michael Paul he's just the a pimple right now. He's just to make it a lot of noise. Oh you people were gonna come after you. Yeah Oh, this is good And took almost three days, but the first lawsuit has been filed a connection with Janet Jackson's breast bearing is in during the Super Bowl halftime show that he liked that Oh, yeah, got the right poked out TV watch you Terry Carl and wants to make a federal case out of Miss Jackson's bare breast. It may be Terry doesn't have any booby son. Maybe she jealous the Janis got big booby's We could send her some Miss Carl and filed a proposed class action lawsuit in federal court in Knoxville, Tennessee on Wednesday against Miss Jackson single-distant thinkerbell broadcasters MTV and CBS in their per company Viacom Who's never in New York by the way is two one two Reload to 586000 Miss Carl and legends that she and others who watched the halftime show during Sunday Super Bowl were injured by the performers Lou Daxons when Mr. Tinkerbell ripped off part of Miss Jackson's costume exposing her breast Miss Carl and and millions of others saw the act and were cost to suffer outrange anger and versed in serious injury blood What injury could she possibly have suffered? Tonya their sharp and point me like brain damage which according to the one I'm reading here. It doesn't sound like she's got the equipment for that But Miss Carl and who works in a bank a lot of explains a lot. Yeah, doesn't specify the type of injury allegedly suffered The lawsuit sees billions of dollars in compensator and punitive damages mean while CBS already facing an FCC probe for the halftime show said it would grow While we already know that the five minutes away in the Grammys Oh, and listen to this Access Hollywood as we can say yesterday reported Miss Jackson been uninvited into the Grammys on Sunday, but it remained unclear as of now Whether she actually would appear or not, maybe she's just gonna like sneak up from behind just in like whipping right out Oh, but we got a five minute delay so only the live audience and whatever that wherever they're doing it. We'll see it So there you go. It just doesn't stop Well, I like this Federal enforcement officials said they've developed part of it in some possible criminal misconduct by two employees of us president dectinies office Related the unlawful exposure of the CIA officers identity last year. Oh, excellent. That's even better than the unlawful exposure of a booby right This investigation which is continuing could lead to indictments suggests the Department of Official said according to these sources John Hannah no kind of derail and Cheney Steve of chief of staff the anxious Lewis scooter liby where the two cheney employees We believe that Hannah was a major player in this one federal law enforcement official said call to the vice president's office We're not return nor did Hannah and liby return calls yet Wow, I love it. It's probably we go play some more golf in and out and in Scalia And get us off the hook for all times sake Why six passed they were gonna need some more names for this pull of course. We've got if there are any do right The biggest asshole of a new millennium so far. I think the cheney belongs in it was now. Okay. Don't you enlighten light of the latest revelations no question Cheney certainly belongs on he won't come close to W but he'll give him a front for his money 26 after 10 at 560 W Q and we got the mad dog at two the hopper at the world Caribbean golf tournament. That's what that thing is it for golf tournament. Oh, Joe and Mark seven attendedized they get a little bit the P After midnight exposure it capital at 10 and sporting news radio overnight to the six sporting news radio squirts go overnight You know guys Valentine's days right around the corner hoping I'm thinking about giving those same old tired flowers Unless you're planning on getting the same old whatever she gives you every Valentine's day, which is not probably much Here are three words that you need to remember for Mont Titty bear Send to a bare gram at work to lover boy bear the love band at bear the all new star Valentine dressed like a sports fan When it arrives to be completely surprised out of her coworkers will think you're the greatest guy even if you're not presenting such an original thought will get Then maybe so give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for just call one eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine's Live with a feet profit and their famous gift box you give a box and maybe she gives one back and return it only takes five minutes to order an overnight delivery to the homer or fishes guaranteed So call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online and Vermont teddy bear dot com The creative alternative to flowers this year is one eight hundred eight two nine bear this number call be sure and tell that old meal for the call 1 800 829 I You You Come thirty one at five sixty W. M. Happy Friday to you. Let's see. Here's the fact it says the subject of the day in the morning sports whole shows is the dangerous kid from Carroll City the football player is that well. He will you miss his that be his name Something Josh says yes, I Glanced at golden this morning during Howard's Burms commercials. It says you're and speaking of Howard where was Mohour David this morning a wall Food like El Presidente a wall for he sure misses a lot of time that Mohour David I heard his muskrat was illin says I'm now listening to stern for the first time in my life I always told myself I would go to 105.9 is the last resort and that resort has happened over the last weeks Uh-oh, better get with it. Mo. It said this is not a case 18 years old meaning Willie Williams or it has been convicted on several counts of burying nature's got 10 violations of probation He just said University of Miami don't forget you can't spell scum without you M Uh, I think it may have been University of Florida right that's correct and is being accused of grouping a female student among other things I looked at the University of Florida police website yesterday to find out the report that the beast gave us momentarily that was such a bad copy We couldn't read it and I couldn't find it Goldie said we can't turn away from you M for this the University's role as the build these kids up give them support not turn them back into society As a side note guilty mentioned Carly Abrusious body was found he didn't even see the connection Joe's rose who my likes had some other school sign if we don't I want my cigarette nurse ratchet to this Becoming chronic but very good. Thanks. Thank you very much. Thanks for the heads up What do you expect from Gully in the sports? Oh, well if we don't sign in somebody else way, are we gonna have? Well, we will answer you in got a whith some you know, they're not even a university there. Okay, who do you people kidding? Okay before get to the other stuff we better start in some more names on his pool otherwise the president's not had then have no competition All right, we got 159 votes the biggest asshole of the new morning so far George W. Bush 94 Rush Limbox 24 Michael Jackson 15 Robbsfeld 9 Michael Paul 8 Justin think of L4 Dick Cheney just went on to he's already got three Janet Jackson two and colon Paul non see they I don't want to say it You know, there's just something there. They just afraid to touch him. Well, he's very respectable. No, that's in the past used to be Hold up those maps again colon. Let's see what those weapons are WQAM hello William co-car co-car and willing All right, I mean Danny just stepped down here with his before he started the job so they got to have something to talk about Excellent job sir your hard five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yes, sir Yes, but you think about there pretty exciting wasn't it? No, I thought you only a signing power was when he said they were no one in the Intelligence agency ever said that there was an imminent threat that was the most important part Yes, it was all window dressing because then they say Well everybody had the same intelligence. That's not what I heard Anyway, kind of leaves the right. He's doing a good job too. Yeah, she's lovely. Okay, we're great. They're paling Maybe we want to put her on there kind of Lisa. Oh not doctor rise Yeah, kind of Lisa kind of Lisa make me want a cute doctor rise of course Kind of Lisa would be good for our list Since they seem to be a little bit of a little bit of a council today any names to our list feel free man put them all on there although this is one we're not gonna put me on there or George or Moe Howard. No, you know, that's old stuff small potatoes We're small taters man. We're talking about the really the really big fish in a pond. What are those small potatoes called again? Uh Teeter tots another called parents is nuts dirty QM hello Oh yes, sir. Talk to me. Oh speaking deal. Yes, I am Roy Neil who's you? George next George nigga for your list On sports negr. Okay, speak get a better phone. How about Arnold? We want to put him on there? Sure Okay put Arnold on there the governor of California although I'd rather put the voters of California But we can't put them all on us. So let's put Arnold on there It's it's pretty simple. You know something you see the connection here now granted there was a whole lot of reason for that They hated grade Davis and the people of California was very it They were all been out of shape, but whole Arnold thing is so embarrassing and humiliating then we go to the Janet Jackson deal where it held does it ever stop no We'll never stop I don't think there's too much hope for the American public I know that sounds really depressing, but I just don't think there's an awful on a hope if you catch my address What are you when you'd say things like that right and now WQA M hello Hey, yes, sir at the end of the list you need to put all the above okay? Audemature Sure, no Boy all of the above. Yeah, I hate that commit Joe who always this is an inside job. This is from who we say this was from yesterday What between Edward the one that was signed Joe with little teeny tiny one about oh Joe mama anyway Edward was you called for legal issues related to the case artwork The movie's distributor is Boina Vista Disney. Oh my god How much I can see the fine figure of somebody in this? I know maybe I knew just didn't like the dress that that was wearing that could have been it I've been listening to you since WS News of the say WQM has the worst signal of any station you've been on I'm so really correct 560 makes Edison's talking machine sound like Dolby surround sound That is the greatest line in the history this is the best facts in the history even though it's an inside job It's a flavor 560 makes Edison's talking machines sound like Dolby surround sound kudos to your unengineering department and thank you very much Wow, that's so I got some right on it. You drive out there on 441 and as you know They're the electric wires there. They have power lines You know hey welcome to 230 on your AM dial might as well be Runny ass and at least run the left end of the dial which is good You know right I would want to be on the far right. I don't want to be on the far right into the dark because look what happened to the fan right 1900 on the dial when I've been early work 2050 on the AM though they're gone remember the fan no no nobody else does either sub-grade read Oh, we're gonna sue them. They're gonna take away our audience are gonna take away our balls Speak in the take away our balls house Donner Shalily doing over there She'd be very disturbed and know that students at the University of Miami are looking at Janet Jackson's teeth on your Rogers.com Many of them by the way she'd be real pissed off and porked off about that she might come right into your dorm room If you if there were any dorms at UM she might come in near apartment and like yank your computer out there Repo your a PC or at least you ain't your chain too much as yank it or she might just strap on a div one that she's found of and just to come after you with it WQAM hello yeah, I like to I don't understand I guess with FCC With getting jacks and brought to come and out. Yeah, there's with that and like NYPD blue You why right see the whole thing how does they decide who they can go after well? See what they're excuse for that is well first of all this was during the family viewing hour and of course NYPD blues on a little bit later on tonight That would be the excuse to separate with a then of course last night NBC had it they had an excise to scene What the from ER with the 80 year old woman the 80 year old woman who was having breast surgery or whatever Who was dying with her saggy breast they had to take that out because now we can't have breast on TV because Michael Powell is having a nervous breakdown Okay, and now to the radio with FCC yes, I listened to both you and Howard right That's not your Howard Howard sir, screw me Yes, right and I listen to both your bits and guys are pretty much like close with the same funny stuff and again How does he get fine millions and like you can just you know you get away with wherever you get away with and he gets away with the He does but they still go after him, you know, I mean I don't understand this FCC at all now the stuff that he got fine for was way You know because I've seen those stories and stuff He's gotten fine for was way way beyond anything we would ever do right trust me. Okay You have to know me. Yeah, I have to know where to draw the line. That's all I can tell you all right And the shend and there shouldn't be any line. We should be able to say whatever to how we want exactly Have a great day pal. Thank you. Good luck to America man It's all I can tell you this business about words. They're gonna hurt you now. We got rest are gonna hurt you too if the words don't get you they nipple sure is how well That's not your right teacher Even All You hey fellow Oh. But thenuring a martial arts map I somewhat lost the player here Yet after I have played some title tracks Many I support Now we have History. textbooks. that the Janet Jackson titi gait in the Super Bowl half time show with the most disgusting things ever seen connected with the sporting event in his life. No really say. I guess the Alzheimer's must be sitting in on Tommy, you know what? I guess he's forgotten about all those brawls out on the field during baseball games, many of which he participated and of course did any titis fall out there? And about the violence and about the abitney to other what a head and about guys getting thrown at their head and things like that. What do you mean? I guess he forgot about that. See, America, I want you people to understand one thing, write it down on your arm like in a mental right this down on your wrist in indelible ink or have a tattoo movie better. Violence good, sex bad, right. Human body, naked body, bad. I've dropped violence never heard anyone. Body parts, bad, that's right. Violence never killed anybody never heard nobody, but sex kills. Like that lawsuit by that bitch in Tennessee. Wow, that is amazing. She wants billions of dollars. She's offended. She was injured. What's that old saying with it where there's no sense there's no feeling? How many QAM hello? 7. Yes sir. The police. The police. How many QAM hello? Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good sir. All the Janet Jackson stuff for the couple of days of leave. Reverend Jones, might not have been, but I think it was. You think? Close it up. You were close enough to it. I'm yet like you now. If it even sounds just a little teeny tiny, but you're going. Sorry about that. Not just the way it goes. And if it's make and lady don't like it. Blow it out your ass on hand. Call up tough and complain that him. We hate you. You're a crazy person lady. What the? Hey, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Speaking. Listen, understand about Janet Jackson, but I want five minutes alone. It's got to Sarah Sodom man. That's ridiculous. I just want him. I want to do something. And you know he's going to have a defensive journey. There's a long ponderous trowel he's going to have all sorts of song and a dance in his story. They should just kill him right now, right on TV. Right now. Right. I will be more in the happy to help. I'll be right there to have a happy out. I'll hop on the first plane. Hey, got me to dad talk and back at you. How about you partying? You can let the dad have a word with him. You mean the dad that was in New York? Right. Here's what the inquiruses about Janet's flash gate. Peanut, uh, titigate, nipple gate. Half time gate. Janet's flash, accidental question mark. Sure, Justin. Justin, think of elsewhere as he exposed Janet Jackson's breast by accident at the Super Bowl, but he deserves the Super Bowl boo-be prize for that fifth insistent insider. The performers planned their moment of shock and off from the get go. After Justin yanked off part of Janet's sexy leather outfit exposing her right breast during their halftime to wet, the booze embodies an MTV which produced the entertainment of apologize. Justin called the exposure of Janet's breast covered only by a unique sunset metal decoration that was attached to the nipple. A wardrobe malfunction and regrettable. But in fact, Janet and Justin wanted to create the same kind of sensation-britney spears in the Don Ignited when they kissed at the MTV Video Music Awards Charged the Insider. They'd rehearse the number of several times with Justin reaching over during the line. I'm going to have you naked by the end of the song and exposing Janet's booze deacety insider all along. They were planning the split second flash flash. It became an escalating game of sexual one-upmanship among the pop celebs because sex sells. Last year Justin grabbed singer-carry menogues boo-dee during a performance at the BitterWords in London and then of course there was the Brittany Madonna Kiss and the Perseultment Video. After Janet's juggernaut, uh-oh, before a hundred million viewers CBS was flooded with protest. Now Janet's just embarrassed and Justin's on edge about the backfired stunt because he's a spokesman for family-friendly McDonald's. Oh, that's why he's apologizing so much. Yeah, Janet and Justin just wanted to titulate but man's don't even irritate and offend says the inquiry and the inquiry rarely makes mistakes. Okay, your fuller crotch Justin. In fact, I got a great new song for him and his friends and in stink, it's called the one-boy boy. Yeah, you freaking little liar pans of you. Man, he is such a twerp. Now we just, I'm so embarrassed by this and my whole family's so sad. But I could say was, you could catch those runaway s's in a butterfly net and him at the same time, by the way. But I have a tight wee. Who are you kidding you? Little pansy. Oh, he did written a spares right. Right, and I just did the Tom Brady here on the floor of my apartment. Right, I was great. Uh, the biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is, look at that, George's WD of Bush don't get no respect. He's like a Roddy Dangerfield of Presence. 141 votes for W. Rush Limbaugh 33. Michael Jackson 28. Michael Paul 13. I'm lucky never Mike. Donald Rumsfield 10. Dick Cheney's got eight for Dick. Justin, take a bell seven, Janet Jackson, two kind of leaves of that's doctorized to us. One. That Chevron goofball. A colon, Paul, and Arnold Schwarzenegger have none yet out of 243. And it knows how everything is kind of subsiding that hysterical response we had in the website and the votes. I mean, I think one day this week in the first hour we had 400 plus votes on whatever the poll was. Remember? We had all these people, all these interlopers who were on our website all in. What we're delighted they found us, maybe they'll come back in the dittler route. I'll just do it. We'll start putting a lot more naked pictures on a week or two. What? Internet loopers. Uh-huh. But in the meantime, now it's kind of like coming back to normal things are finally coming down just a wee bit. WQA M. Hello. I didn't know if he couldn't swim. WQA M. Hello. Neil, how are you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Uh, Joseph Smith, no trial just to open a tree and go for carrying. He's not so scary. I don't. Ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. They're going to try to hang that around poor carries. Now, can he says, yo, even if they come up with a statewide, the constitutional amendment to prohibit gay marriage, he might just be for that. Even though he's for civil unions, but not marriage. Because they want to just hang him with that, you know. Yeah. Sixty two percent for carry in Michigan in today's pool. Sixty two percent. I think Dean was like with fifteen percent or thirty I mean, nobody's even touch in carry in Michigan. But Howard Dean says, you just wait till Wisconsin he's going to get a few boats there. Got thirty men. WQA M. Hello. I don't remember what's out. WQA M. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Got my cooler body going. Yeah, back at you. WQA M. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what would the stakes turn in top not? We had a lot of Hill girl rates in the bathroom. Yeah, we had that yesterday. Yeah, by two little kids, right? Miami kid get a throw slash to the bad. Right. Uh huh. And John Smith's feeling a little girl. Right. We're turning top not. No question about it. And you want to know why sir? Do I mean tell you why? Why? That's the American fucking way. 560560. 560. He didn't write it down on his wrist. He already forgot. Violence good. Sex bad. Right. That's American model. Anything that has to do with a body part. It's bad. Less of course it's a commercial. O.C. the FCC makes this crap up. This is one of the things that Frost me most in there. Many things. They just make it up as they go along. Here's a group of people nobody voted for them. They're not elected. They're appointed by their a bunch of cronies and goofballs. And they're a funny goody two shoes attitudes. Pandering to the right wing fundamentalist crowd. And Wow, we can't have anything that has to do with sexual organs or expiratory activity. Now what can you tell me what expiratory activity is. Really? We said it's taken a dump and the being. I mean, what is that? How about sneezing? Right. Sure. Perforating. Sweating. Pits sweating is bad. People who have a snoring would be bad. Right. Press your. Well, here the beast on you. No more. He was snoring right on the air. If you blow your nose. Blowing is bad. That's right. That's what Michael Palisade. No more. Enough of the blowing. Your wax. Your wax is grotesquets. Extra activity. Be a young. And of course, if you're picking seeds out of your butt. Back to it is really bad. Okay. Yeah. That's extractory. In fact, I think what we might do is just pick a whole bunch of seeds out of Most butt. You first. Well, he takes care of his own. And put him like in little glass jar and send him to Michael Palisade. So you see and say, what do you think of this asshole? 560 5050 5060. What do you think of this asshole? I'm not going to tell you where the comma goes. Pound 560 on the AT&T and for why some are this line. Hey, Mo, you know what you do with that comma? Give it a lift. W to QA and hello. Hi, George. And no, it's Neil. Oh, Neil. Hi. Do you want to speak to George? Well, I'd like to speak to both of you. Okay. We're both listening. Okay. So you're going to the breastfeeding issue. Right. Or to the other day that it was against the law? No, I didn't. Pardon? No, I didn't. Yeah, you didn't. No, I didn't. You did. Yes, you did. No, I didn't. I couldn't. I couldn't. No, okay. What did you say? The opposite of that. Not an incident that happened six months ago. And I've said he's pleased often for. Told a woman in a restaurant that what she was doing when a scene that she was violating some sort of affinity laws. Right. And the woman in her husband and to leave the restaurant and they did. And they filed a complaint. Oh, I think that's story on her head. Oh, okay. It's against the law to deny a woman the right to. Oh, I'm so sorry. I misunderstood. So I'm not sure. I'm going to explain these things. But if there's a TV camera in a role in that, and it's a problem. Oh, okay. If seeing an incident lie, and if they don't give me a copy. Right. Oh, and I can't you didn't know Rick Tensha's in fact is unfortunately still on the airways. If given a mail, my background program is dealing with hard hitting topics like astrology, sciat, and writing. Really good. I understand though before they take him off in a couple, we see we'll find the two Procubbler, which will you be good. Have a great weekend. You two. Thanks. Bye. They don't forget our and love it too. Don't forget the couple's contest. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you that. I don't know what that's all about. Oh, it seems to me last year when we started this and whenever else we did it, it starts out slow. The Vizilla taking pictures. Let's hope. You have to, we from today next Friday for more 13 to submit your entries in email them to contestantyearrodgers.com. Whether it's a if you're naked, if you're like a doing something, if you're, you know, we're dressed in your wedding gown, and he's dressed in his talks of whatever it may be or anything in between. I thought couple from the hockey game. Right. Whatever my P.J. email to pictures to contestantyearrodgers.com. Couple with the most votes at the end of the week of February 16, which is when we have the voting on our website. When's their choice of one of these prizes for two to hedonism in Jamaica or for two to roll, or waste his casino in Bahamas, whichever you choose, did Mama Calgavis that info. And third place prize in a for two to the pizza loft. All the contest rules are on our website, neorodgers.com. We're sports video, five six. You a m. God, you're breath are beautiful. I am cooler than my face. I wake up with Britney Spears, yeah. And if you were me, you'd be doing with me as if this should get me. You're searing magazine, you're making her change. I bet you're turning green. I've got her in you, do not. You're getting she's so fun. When you look at her online, the teacher, then she's online. We make it my girlfriend. She likes me, man. Every day my hands are gone, her chance. Britney is my girlfriend. She doesn't look at me. But I see that they don't understand me. I think my girlfriend, if I look at you, if this one she's in hell, you will see her in you. Britney is my girlfriend. She needs a heart. She's the one with you, do not. Britney is my girlfriend. Britney is my girlfriend. Britney is my girlfriend. Britney is my girlfriend. Sure, we believe you. 11, I want to 5, 60, nobody QA, and I want to say, it lists suspicious electos, 10 passfaxes. Yeah, well, since I'm the father of three girls, I think when a person commits a sex crime against a child, they should be castred and put in prison for a long time. If they kill the child, castrate and hang them, fry them, and we're at lethal injection at top of it all off. This planet needs less people who killed people, and more people are sick of the senseless murdering that goes on every day, especially in the US. This guy may have killed many more, and that's the way it goes in the US, the more people you kill, the less lucky you are to die for it. Someone needs to take this guy out before it gets locked too deeply away. Well, when and down, take him out. I'm all for it. Go get him. Oh, this is on CNN's website. This to me, this is so perfect. This is so American. Wait to hear this. Okay. The Jackson stunt, what now? It questioned Mark is the headline. Super Bowl flashy may encourage crackdown. Let's crack down on his longevity in his perversion, and these bullies, man. We got guys killing little girls out on street corners. We got 560 some on American kids that are dead in Iraq over war that was based on lies. We got the public being raped by corporations that are exporting all of their jobs over the over season. We have a slave labor. In fact, I got the 10 worst corporations of 2003 coming up a little bit later on. Yeah, including beer and clear channel. Oh, clear channel. Oh, no, you're one of the 10 worst corporations in the world. Clear channel, chief channel. You guys suck. Anyway, it says the one second flash of Janet Jackson's breast at the Super Bowl. Can I have a putting the breaks on years of plunging standards in the entertainment industry? Isn't that great? The AP of plunging standards. I thought it was going to say plunging necklines. Oh. This particular event might end way to the who who is saying this. You are going to just, you better get out the toilets. All right, I got the roll. Because you're going to drop a big brown load right in the chair. Oh, that's extra activity. Can we say that? No, like I said, you're going to drop something. That this particular event might be for the moment. The straw that broke the camels back on the patience of the audience said. Talk to your host, Carson Daley. A veteran president's presence on MTV, which produced the offending half time show. Tolerance of this sort of sexual imagery may have reached its peak. Oh, my God. Carson freaking Daley. I'm going to tell you. Exactly. A punk piece of crap repulsive nauseating. Unlike other, my, and of course he presides over the TRL thing, which is nothing but a bunch of hormonal little girls mostly. I'm moving around. Chasing after some fat boy. Unlike other milestones of indecency, Rockstar Bono using the effort on 2003 Golden Globes were Madonna pretty spares, tongue kissing and MTV. Jackson chose to be be able to suffer before the largest TV audience to there. That's what made it bad. As so many people's brains and futures are been polluted and destroyed. And she did it precisely when federal authorities are mulling our crackdown on broadcast in decency. They're going to come and get us, George. Yeah. See you better go through that DCS and Daley. Not just that one thing, but everything. Okay. Everything. Farts on. Verbs. I'll just purge it. The Jackson case could have a galvanizing effect on the move to tough and standard said FCC commissioner Michael Cops, who's one of the word Cops, who's complain this commission has been tuteless and responding to complaints. At the very least he said it punctures the argument of people who say that those who are bothered by such things on TV, you shouldn't watch. How do you turn off the Super Bowl Cops as turn off the half time go get a beer, you schmuck. Like most directional people go get a beer, go take a leak. All right. That's right. DC commissioner is doing not take a crap or a leak because that's ex-cateri activity and since they will all you talk about it, it must be really sick and disgusting and perverted. This is going to be a national conversation on this had Brent Bozell, president of the parents right wing television council, which is long complaint about sex and violence on the tube. They're quoting it. It's just like MSNBC put in a follow-up on there. And I'd all, what a surprise you're here. What he said, right? Brent Bozell. Right wing asshole. Hey, how'd it go, John? Here were the list of things going on. About the Grammys and the Fibment Delay. And about the banker from Knoxville, Tennessee, in her flash action lawsuit. About in the C cutting out a scene from last night's ER that showed an elderly patients of breast. They said that the current atmosphere made it too difficult for a affiliate to air the segment. The current atmosphere, which makes all breasts even those 80 year old memories. Just too, a little too spicy. ABC said it would add delay for its February 29 broadcast of the Academy Awards. TNT also said it was considering a delay. The entertainment portion of the NBA All-Star game featuring Beyonce, outcast and Christina Aguilera. They're going to take away her cheese. The NFL kind of half time production number by one of Tinkerbell's instinct bandmates, JC Shazaz, whatever's name is. Is that it? That's what it says. C-H-A-S-E-Z. How do you pronounce that? Never heard of it. Plan, he's the one who really ugly ones the Bollay Aller. Plan for Sunday's Pro Bowl and Hanalulu because Shazazazz's song contained towards Hornie and Nauti. Oh no! Oh my God! Hornie and Nauti. Are you ready for that? No, I can't imagine any soft respecting. Broadcaster? Performer using words like that. Meersha Hornie? Uh-oh! He'll be replaced by Hula Dancing's and Local Singers. Hula dancers aren't they, we're not like them. Hula Whoops Rasmurts and Coconut can't go into their own. Chicken or Buddies. Yes they are. Shazza's intern is rifty and a film refuses to sing the national anthem to begin what you've been asked to do well How we're gonna survive that? I I'll never be the same me so horny a while spokesman Jim Whitney declined to come and I reports that the company would seek a refund of the seven and a half million dollars if paid to sponsor the half-time show shock and titillation in popular culture is nothing new From Elvis Presley's scandalously swirbling hips to aziosborn's bleepest on his MTV show performance of fact an outrageousness to excite an Insight an audience and let me say it again on is it CTV here? Global one of the other that shows the aziosborn show there are no bleeps Air v one of the words is on over the air TV not just on cable over the freaking air, okay? Okay How is it that just across the border here? We could be so much more progressive and not all a tight about eight things that people are saying on here Unless it's done sherry It's I don't want to get in with that. They're all better shape about him again Boy, well, that's cousin to hockey things. That's what they get it he came oceanal about here You can swear you can show breast you do anything you want basically smoke a lot of weed around the sweet corner But if you start picking on hockey icons like Don Cherry then it causes a big Carfuffle as they say You can you say That's a one of your favorite words here. Carfuffle. Oh, I can make it's a good thing a little silly You know, I say How's that pull coming before were you I read you are great article by Dave Perkins and yesterday's Toronto star NFL must be high five in behind closed doors The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is we got to 125 votes Not too bad for less than an hour, but not you know not not the herniatic response with which is good because we couldn't keep up with that No, you know, you know, even Eric was just he was even in a bigger panic than usual What are we gonna do? You know this kind of honor. I'll take care of it All we are gonna have a lot of naked pictures on our website Yeah, we are What and what's the FCC going to do about that? Did they regulate the content of the internet? Oh no? No, they don't yet just what's right you and what's the big deal of some 15-year-old kid or 13-year-old kid Goes online and sees naked pictures of Hallie Buries movies or something like that. They'll go kill a bunch of people But they might actually touch themselves The biggest asshole of the new millennium is George W. Bush 181 out of 325 votes 55.6 percent that's the only pull that he's doing over 50 percent Rush Limbo 45 Michael Jackson 41 Rumsfield 15 Michael's Powell's 15 Dick Cheney 13 Just in think about nine Janet Jackson only three see more people hate him because they like they're proud of Janet They want to see the other one kind of Lisa that's Dr. Rice too Colin Powell one Arnold Schwarzenegger is got one of 537 votes everybody nobody don't like Arnold right? The group the data that's because he's dumb the governor Yeah, and if I must be high five of you behind closed doors right so Dave Perkins and the Toronto star He says the National Football League is loving every minute of the debate over Janet Jackson's peatio The NFL is in perfect position here. It gets to tuck-tuck and claim the high moral ground that such a terrible De-prey-fing could have ever happened on our dime When in reality the holiness of the two and a half million dollar commercial spot is not only maintained it probably is enhanced You think anyone is ever gonna try to stage a lingerie bowl again You think anyone's gonna be stupid enough to take on the greatest God in television is super bowl with egg promises of pay for view to the nation The Super Bowl is already delivered the real thing Bosco at gave you the other Jackson There'll be no one trying to upstate next year's halftime show It is to laugh here Paul Taglia boob and the blue suits ring their hands about what those roughings at MTV did to our precious halftime This from a game that only promotes Dallas cowboy cheerleaders and 31 other team sideline QDs But new the much-eyed TV advertisements with feature farting horses and products in it for our erections Simbolized nudge nudged by a gothroom of football through a tire The NFL didn't even know crotch grabbing an overt sexuality with a staple of the network's videos Sure, it's not difficult to believe that no one at the NFL or CBS knew what was coming It's impossible to believe that we're launching a preemptive strike against lingerie bowl two while assuring that this corner They super bowl would remain a lively subject of public discussion for days There are high fives behind the closed doors of the NFL these days When CBS did the good corporate vertically Verticality thing a higher than TV its organizational subsidiary to produce a show featuring pdd Nellie kidrock injection it automatically knew nobody over the age of 35 would watch and anyone who does watch this stuff Those videos can be pretty naughty fine who cares the NFL was used to produce super bowl halftime shows with those show-tune singing younger Republicans named up with people or worse orange juice queen Anita bride was content to aim younger Into exactly what it was doing the tears are now the crocodile variety MTV which he he spells it out EMPT Y MTV also knew how to impress one presented for the first time in its history with a hundred million viewers in a lump Janet she had a new record coming out the next day What could a less-grace exposure hurt for weepy apologies prolong the matter and don't hurt the cause either The other laughable her bump from the NFL came pregame when it threatened several Las Vegas casinos with lawsuits for charging admission to super bowl parties It forced the casinos to pull the plug on the affairs for what nickel and dime better as pay a few bucks for a t-shirt hotdog Enchance to watch the game on a big screen with several like-minded individuals This is the NFL pretending to be concerned about gambling that we all of these Las Vegas handles more on the NFL in general Unsuper bowl in particular every year Gambling is one of the undeniable lifebloods of league and not one petter missed the game or canceled his vet because of this grandstand play As usual the big players were to silly parties They were being caught by the casinos who hire NFL players to hang around in former NFL players to hang around and sign autographs If and when the NFL decides to stop giving out detailed injury information Who's accuracy is enforced by threats of fines for lying that'll show itself to be serious about stopping the flow of gambling on its games Until then like this Janet Jackson thing it's all about perception and pretending to take on the high road It's all a great big con says they perfect. Oh, you don't think they could have known it was coming to you Well, that's really bad In fact, you know what most America would want to see most of the rest of the world a lot more the same Yeah, they want us to be other who be first for like for starters Then next year at the Super Bowl have time we've got to see Brittany. I want to see even I want to see that when it down Just whip them out sweetheart You think they had 90 million people watching as you they have all 300 million people even little infants to be watching the ones that are breastfeeding Oh, mommy that looks just like yours only a lot better than here sir 11 13 at 560 your booby station Q. I am This Sweetest Thanks to her we promised He Will is all with the A It's your musty white Holy Holy With your dirty double design Versus it's a tight Holy Holy She gives a strong guy's quite a ride Love it's 17 at 5.60 WQM All speaking of our boobies, there's our present, where is this? From being a subject of debate, if you won't have the final results Until after we know who wins the election Holy Moly, they're really person-eul flesh Since the Beast ain't gonna cooperate and give us a copy of that police report that we can actually read, screw them And our sports department too Recruit on probation since 2002 for burglary rights the Assumcent will be forget to the Michael Jackson story The hot story of the day I think we need a lot more names for our polo The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is we only got let's see two for it. Go to got our about a dozen Yeah, we've got the good ones We need about About 30 men Yeah Dominations 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line Miami's top recruit was on probation for a felony burglary charge lay was named in three criminal complaints during a recruiting trip to the University of Florida last weekend Holy Arthur Williams the turrets had led her to intend to play for U.M on Wednesday But the linebackers legal problems could jeopardize this future with her cones William was sentenced to 18 months probation obvious 12, 2002 according to Florida Department of Corrections Records His probation was first reported by Florida today WQA in hello Meanwhile the Palm Beach Post reported in today's divisions at Williams of the arrested ten times in the past five years Well, these should fit in just like a rubber glove WQA in hello New? Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay I get some of you for your poll. How about you? I'm a guy Yeah, okay According to the Post's Florida Department of Law Enforcement Records show Williams then 14 which charged with petty larceny in 1999 It was arrested five times the following year including twice on felony charges WQA in hello Yes sir Can you put on your poll for your most recent arrest occurred July 11 2002 in Pemper Pum Huh? I think we got a new format now One of the things that makes the reading a little bit less pondress, you know, it lines it up a little bit Pum His most recent arrest WQA in hello A courage to lie 11 2002 when Pemper Pides Police charging with two felony counts WQA in hello Yes sir Yeah, we would just think if we saw somebody's bruises stadiums set up jamming jack Williams then 17 then we would be obscene then we'd all pass out then I would agree with Michael Powell Williams then 17 was prosecuted as an adult he pleaded no contest for since eight moon eighteen months of probation And a 350 dollar fine of post reported Williams was us to then two weeks away from the end of his probation when he was accused of misdemeanor battery and two Separated cases in Gainesville he also faces a felony charge of obstructing fire extinguishment police said Williams allegedly hugged a student without a permission to hit him and into bar and set off three fire extinguishers in his hotel All in a span of five hours during his recruiting fifth at began January 30th WQAM Bum Bum The state attorney's office in Gainesville will investigate this war and complaints before deciding whether to officially charge Williams WQAM Bum Bum The complaints though could lead to a arrest in Broward County because of a probation violation I would respect that Broward County would initiate a violation in probation case on him based on the fact that he'd been charged in a Likes to account again three offenses state attorney Bill Servo and told for today yesterday WQAM Dying over here Servo and told for today expected to start within a couple weeks by the charges will be filed against Williams For the instance last weekend WQAM I I I have a job The court One of the things I was looked at is a person's background, Servo and he said these six two two hundred twenty five pound linebacker from Carol city's high is my ms most prized recruit a parade all American and why do we got is the one of the top high school players in the country He chose the hercoans over Florida state nice choice, pali you'll fit in like I said like her rubber glove and somebody's Back to penis See I'm clean in my act of no ass Right just a little penis watch it good calls though. I like that kind of stuff a little bit Good WQAM hello WQAM Ola No, yes sir. Are you doing okay? Name for your Paul or some of them laden. Oh, good choice. Okay. Oh, Sam and your mama. We got to put somebody on here. Mike you're running for his money. Oh, Sam and your mama been a lot. That's good. Right. He won't beat W. Well, we'll see. Don't give them the runs WQAM hello Liza That was James Mason. Oh, it was. What should we put around the pole? WQAM hello John Bob WQAM Ola Hello Hello, yes sir How do you get on our pool on your pool? Would it ladder? 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line. Aren't these people good or what? Hey, that might have been promo worthy even though WQAM hello WQAM line. Hello, not there. Wow. They are really fomentant amount today. You know it. And we like that. We always like a lot of foam. WQAM hello Leo, you can't win with a black quarterback and the Holocaust never happened. WQAM hello Thanks Roy. QAM Not there. WQAM hello Neil, you're a conservation man. Maybe if there was more titties on TV WQAM would have been busy playing with his WQAM. Excellent point. Starts this weekend. Okay. Right on Channel 6. Instead of the RECANCHAS show Monday through Friday 10 a.m. Do you think that we get higher ratings than a rookie ticket? No question. You bet. 560560 on the AT&T line. The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is 400 votes even. That's a good number. George W. Bush 2014. Rush Limbaugh 62. Papa another one. Rush. Michael Jackson 51. He's popping him. Michael Paul 18. Dick Cheney 18 people say Dick. Donald Rumswell 15. Justin Timberlake 12. Janet Jackson's 4. Condoleezza. 3. Arnold Schwarzenegger 2. Colin Powell's finally got one and Osama Yamama just he just popped up on her. Was Jackson was a Jackson confession taped. I'm going to get into this because it's going to take a while to read it. Okay. It's from the inquirer so we put all of our faith and credibility in them. We love the National Enquirer. It's the Bible man. See. Source claims nation of Islam is extorting millions from the Superstar and he admitted molestation to Louis Ferrican. Oh my God. Wow. Not a good idea. Michael Michael motorcycle. And there's a picture that umptious Mark Gerigo's with a mustache boy. He is. Oh. There's something about him. You know. He's a little bit like a guy. He's a little bit like a guy. Oh. Yeah sir. Oh. Okay. Let's put Danny boy on there. What do you say? Okay. I mean, it's probably sacralidges in South Florida but. Hi. I'm telling you. I think a lot of people after him uh turning his ass in Wayne's face and blowing a big one. I think a lot of people would say we're pissed off at Danny. Let us down man. Huh? Uh. Okay. Put Wayne Heisen Gunner too if you want. He's old news. Yeah. Put him on there. I care. Never did nothing. Yeah. You do. You care. No. 5.670. 5.6. On a AT&T and Verizon. So I think we're uncovering a new format today. Perfect. Mix them up my reading a little bit less pond. Oh, that depends on what the article is. I mean, that was about football football. You know, so it needed a little lightning up because it's too boring anyway. I'll let you m crap. Don't forget you can't fiscule scum with that UM. And that's old and we've heard it a million times. But it's never and ever worse than with me, you know. WQA and hello. How are you? WQA and hello. New. Yes sir. I'm a trend lot. Trent lot. Nah. He's old news. Plus he's got. He's got to be next year. He's going to be one of the cheerleaders with his pompoms. And next year Super Bowl half time shows what I'm hearing. I like it lot. WQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. You can't forget this guy on the pole. Paul Roe. Carl Roe. I didn't even get any votes though. Most people don't even know who he is. But that's the whole thing. If it wasn't them behind everything, you know. You wouldn't have crossed the road. Again with. Okay, he's on your man. Have a great weekend. Carl Roe. He's a roe and maniac. Get him on. Got it on. We're getting it. Okay. We're moving along. Say this to us. Oh, and here's the image story. I did keep heart endorsing John Kerry's. George Bush in these difficult dangerous times. On national security toe to toe. We need a leader who can defeat George Bush in November in the general election. And we need a leader who we all know. Can walk into that old office tomorrow afternoon and be a great president of the United States. All right. He carries nothing is head like here. You're right. That's me. That leader is John Kerry. And I'm proud to endorse him to be the president of the United States of the world. Oh, oh, oh. Okay. Oh, we're going to come action there too. They're hunting with his human embrace. Oh, the way. First act with Donna and Brittany this game. I'll tell you right now. Wow. I'm serious in a little tongue action. Wait till Michael Powell hears about this. 27 past 11 at your perverted station. 560 QM with a worse signal in history of the Venice. My life in local. We are sports radio 560 QM. You're in. So dimmo down. You drive in too fast. It's just a road turn I'm down to my desk. I'm spreading out and getting alone. You're doing too too too. So can a dream. Without those shimins around, it's hard for sleep. I know, for sure, Brenda. Perhaps after me. What? Who'd they want? Come this whole evening. I'm just shimmy here. Hopefully through me. I can't drive from the vehicle. Oh, I am. I'm a god for you. Where a fifth-free seat. Oh, make nothing to the shadows. Twenty-nine till noon at five 60 Carl Roe spells Carl. I should point out with a K. I just mentioned it in passing up to their son, Olman there. As in Carl Marx, Carl with a K. I don't want to get our spelling right, Eric. Was Jackson Confession taped? In the inquiring, exclusive as usual, these are the same people that told us about that Jesus Jews long before the rest of the mainstream media was telling us about it, and all of most of the rest of this scandal too. And also about the Rush Pill Pop and and Realman, all those things. Did Michael Jackson admit to nation of Islam leader Lewis Ferrican that he molested a child and was the stunning confession caught on an audio tape without Jackson's knowledge? A long time member of the nation of Islam, which they keep referring to as NOI, which we'll call, Oh, noi. Makes the bombshell allegation that Jackson did confess and claims he obtained a copy of the incriminating tape. Now the member who says he walked out of the controversial organization in mid-Jayney where after a 20 year involvement claims he's seeking protection from federal authorities being square was learned exclusively. And if the tape really has Jackson admitting to criminal misdeeds it ends up in the hands of prosecutors, it could be the ultimate smoking gun. That sends Jackson to jail. The 45 year old superstars pleaded not guilty to 7 counts of 20 glue dacks with the child of the age of 14. During an intense investigation the inquire came in contact with a former NOI member, nation of Islam, and met twice with him on the West Coast January 21 and 22. The inquire was withholding the identity of the source because the man said he fears that the NOI would harm his family. He claims he's presently working on a deal to have himself in his family place in a witness protection program, and the change for providing information in federal authorities about his claims of blackmail and intimidation involving the African-American Muslim group. In a telephone call with the inquire on January 27 he said that his part of his deal was turning over the alleged confession taken to officials from a federal agency he would not identify. They can have it because holding onto what is only going to bring them the NOI after me he said, I fear for my life and the lives of my family. The source claims that the nation of Islam conspired to blackmail jacks after the set of our registered attorneys office filed child monostation charges against the senior late last year. The nation has an audio tape recording of Jackson admitting the Lewis Ferracom that he sexually molested the young boy claims the source. The tape was made in December 2003 when Jackson secretly flew to Chicago's mosque, Miriam. Remember Miriam? No. Hey, do. I'll just come in here. Oh, that area. Court of the Service. We show it. And in choir reporter what he claimed was his copy of the tape on the tape Jackson was asked. Did you molest the young boy Jackson response? I did it. Claims the source. I believe the nation recorded Jackson without his knowledge, not to help out authorities, but to use it if it needed to restore it money from Jackson. In mid December, select members of the F.O.I. fruit of Islam security detail. Let's appropriate that the fruit of Islam should be connected with Michael Jackson. We're called to a symbol early in the morning at a warehouse near Torrance, California. About 25 members of the group were briefed on the plan. Several members of the N.O.I. including me says this in former promised hundred thousand dollars by the high ranking members of the N.O.I. for our work, but we had to be willing to do whatever was required. Soon afterward, we loaded an into about five SUV type vehicles and drove to Jackson attorney Mark Garagos office 20 miles away. High-level members of the nation entered Garagos office in mid-Geragos privately, while remaining members waited outside. Inside the members of the nation of Islam offered their services of protection to Jackson exchange for a five and a half million dollar donation. In quotes, donation. Jackson's people were told that if they didn't want to give the national of the nation of Islam a donation, their safety couldn't be guaranteed. After discussing the issue with Garagos, Jackson finally gave the N.O.I. the five and a half million dollar donation. The N.O.I. deposited the money and one of their accounts and switched to lender of the Cayman Islands where a campaign detected by the West government claims the source. Not only is the nation of Islam recorded donation from Jackson, but they're slowly taking over his neverland ranch. Maybe that's why he had live in there no more. Dr. Wilbert White, a former member of the N.O.I. in the line, author of the book Inside the Nation of Islam, a historical and personal testimony by a black Muslim, told the inquire that the intimidation tactics described by the source are not in common for the N.O.I. The Nation of Islam is highly militant, they'll use intimidation by all means, a professor at the University of Central Florida who was appointed a White House commission in 1996, and they will take record absolutely he said. But turn him in! That's true. That's right, next one. Face to my experience, N.O.I. is probably isolated in my clothing, have an N.O.I. member around him 24-7. And what's the N.O.I. is it it's like hell to try to kick them out his involvement with the N.O.I. will ultimately destroy Michael Jackson says this professor. What little reputation he has left will be irreparable. Inquire where phone calls to Mark Urgos and N.O.I. spokesman Durah Mahamid, we're now returned there for the inquire, was not able to confirm the sources of claims with him. Is there anybody in the N.O.I. that's not named Mahamid? No. But a top criminal defensive attorney told the inquire that if the audio tape does turn out to be legitimate, it could be used by prosecutors in the case. If Michael was in a room in Elanoa and admits to the crime, the people in the room and doesn't know he's being taped, then that tape is admissible in court, L.A. defense attorney Steve Cron, who's not involved in the Jackson case, but is following closely told the inquire. There is no expectation of privacy if you're sitting in a room, you can surplish itly, tape someone without their knowledge. So stay tuned. In about a week or two, they'll be telling you about this on a mainstream media. As they point out here, as their patting themselves on the back, Jackson's scoops are old news to readers of the inquire. Newspapers and TV news shows around the world made a big deal of the magazine's supposed scooperies, and Michael Jackson gave a line to an underage boy called it Jesus juice, but the inquire broke that straight months ago, which you heard on his show, I should point out, since the inquire is our Bible. In our issue dated December 16, 2003, we reported that the victim told a thore's Jack O'Servant in wine from a soda can, and called it Jesus juice. There's the latest integrities. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. We need how many more names would it pull? About 30 minutes. About 50 on there, keep it occupied over the weekend. How is Osama Yamama doing? Because you can be sure he's going to give, but what's he got? Yeah, he's got nine. He's moving it up slowly, but surely he's climbing up that ladder. Always got a long climb to get near the top because the bush marsh has got a head start, 443 votes, and W if you haven't 232. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. QAM Ola. I'm very attracted to you. Wow, I'm really happy for you, the feeling of mutual. Bugs off. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your full buddy. Okay. Still angry. Are you sure? Are you sure? Okay. Want to put a fill on there? Yeah, yes. So he's really, a lot of people are pissed off at him because all of a sudden he keeps falling off for right side of the bed. Even his wife is complaining that in the middle of the 90 keeps rolling off the right side of the bed. Always the right side, far right. Yeah, put him on there and what the hell? Okay. And he don't mind. 21 till noon at 560 WQAM, the mad dog, Jim added to 2, the hump or ATT, the World Caribbean golf tournament at golf tournament. Yeah, that would throw to 7 to 7 a half noon boys golf boring or low. Yeah, you know, it's a hanks making a few bucks. You get out of that studio and I go on hopper. Joe and Mark 7 to 10 tonight. One of those pre-midnight those rare opportunities people have to hear their accrap between 7 and 10 tonight. Ed Kaplan 10 to 2 and we got sporting news radio sporting through your radio 2 to 6 in the AM. My life and look home. This is sports radio by 64. You're the one who's doing it. Yeah. You're... You're... Oh, great. But... Hey guys, you want to cheer up, have rid me sit on your face. Raccoon. Make that old acting clear all when rid me sit on your face. Forget about your wife's girlfriend, now all kneeling sacred. Better shave off that beard and snatch their eggs, pick up the pains. You're really gonna love it when rid me sit on your face. Don't imagine the view of my man when rid me sit on your face. Bend over and look like a crowd. When rid me, you start sitting down. Bring me sit on your face. Bring me sit on your face. Bring me sit on your face. Imagine... With me spears leaving her clothes all over your clothes. Knowing it just a minute or two we are gonna score. Wife off that dizzy beast too. We call it Britney sits on your face. Can't hold not to bite or chew when rid me sit on your face. Stop dreaming and clean up your flames. Because she wants the brand new face. In your dreams. Absolutely. 17 to noon at 5.60. WQM happy Friday 2. You're not to show you how desperate it's becoming. Talk about the dumbing down of America. It's scary now. It's the point of insanity. Celebrity justice. You know that website in that show? See. I'm not gonna read the whole thing about Janet through being half time show. But listen to this. After they have time show it says moments later CBS narrowly avoided another violation. When they managed to keep a streaker off their ear. Just before the second half kick off would. World famous career streaker Mark Roberts stripped down to his G-string at the 30rd line. What your line was at? About 3rd man. Why would a guy in his G-string cause a violation? Is that also what was that mean? I don't know. Is that pathetic? Yeah. They narrowly avoided another violation. In other words, if we've seen this guy in his G-string. Well maybe we would have seen his ass. Well, that's what we saw. Mommy's ass with the 10 year old kid sitting at the breakfast table. Looking at Mommy's ass as she was reaching up and covered. Oh, like old mother Hubbard. That's okay. With the hot ass. He was tackled by Pages Linebacker Matt Chattam, hogtied and carted off by security. But damage caused by the chant and Justin countered already been done. Wait, wait, did he hear this? Offended viewers flooded CBS and the Houston Police Department with the phone calls. The man in the... What the... No, no. The man in the criminal charges be brought against Jackson. But H.P.D. officials quickly determined that no charges would be filed. Still, so let me just as this has learned the FCC's investigating, which came near the close of a busy day for federal watchdogs earlier Sunday. LA Lakers stars Shrikello Neobanov on an ar-weighted tie right after his team's victory over Toronto. But whether or not the commissioner will take action, that case remains to be seen. And the FCC has yet to decide what to do about Nicole Richie's 4-letter frenzy. Last year's Billboard Awards, and they initially decided not to find Bono Yadiyati. And so, but they're gonna look at that again. Oh, good. God, it just wears you out. You know, America grow up like you people most of you say over half in a pool we took a few days ago. Grow up already, Woya. Jesus, effen Christ, man. They called the police. They called the Houston Police Department because Justin picked that thing off Jen and its TV. What did they report? A straight... One away, bro. One away, booby. Well, that's why they call it the booby, tooby. Oh, my God, and. Over at Warner Brothers. After receiving assurances of support from Andrew NBC Entertainment and News President Jeff Zucker, producers of ERW or Shocktiller, and yesterday that the breath revealing scene would be cut near our shore last night. According to a source NBC affiliates when overzuckers had to complain that in view of the Jackson incident, they believed they would get a big fat in decency find or record Washington, if they are to split second corner shot during a 10-pea medical drama. This is a 10 o'clock at night, keep in mind. In which an 80-year-old woman shirt is ripped off so doctors can give her emergency treatment. Ah, like I said, I just want to fall on a floor make gutterable sounds. In consultation with our affiliate board, we've asked ER to remove the shot, the GE division said in the statement, though we continued to believe the shot is appropriate and in context we would have heard. After 10-30 p.m. Eastern Pacific time is when it would have been on, we have unfortunately concluded that the atmosphere created by this week's events have made it too difficult for any of our affiliates to airless. After 10-30 at night, it would have been on, not in that family of viewing time, which is what the excuse they gave her to Super Bowl on that hoopla when little children were tuned in. 10-30 at night. ER's executive producer John Wells responded angrily in the statement, while the unexpected exposure of Mr. Jackson's breast during the Super Bowl half time show was inappropriate and deplorable on a broadcast intended for viewers of all ages. ER's incidental exposure in an elderly woman's breast in the context of a medical trauma is not comparable, no Schmidt, basically what he's saying that some saggy old 80-year-old woman's boob is not comparable to Janet Jackson's. What a revelation, huh? Oh my gosh. Shocking. Grow up America before it's too late, your sons and daughters are dying based on lies halfway around a freaking world. And what's the far right these lunatics worried about is a little vitty titty. I never did play that yesterday, so that I got in with that. Well, I will today, but while we still can. Probably Duffel, come on in. Oh gee, you're back out and you can't say titty. Sure we can, but you may have to listen to it. Since everything else it's not, you're from the hate said titty stuff. What a pity. He don't always titty. I'm telling you right now. What does he know about titty, huh? He said, what the, he said to me before the show on Monday, more so what was that thing? I said that was a boob. Oh my god, he said, never so one of those before. Anyway, oh after, after, well, that's right, we got a few minutes here. I'm getting ahead of myself, just slow down, just relax. Because I know we got a lot of really good calls to get in today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We should have many more names on his list, but they just, they're not, their minds, their hearts aren't in it. You know, we still. Maybe they figured they just can't compete with the top. We've got such a good list, a very strong roster. The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is 481. We'll have 500 votes by noon at him too, bet. We won't make $1000 a day though. Josh, don't get all carried away. We'll never make a thousand of that. I just want you to be prepared for that. Okay. I don't probably destroy your whole weekend. George W. Bush 249, Rush Limbaugh 69, how appropriate man. Michael Jackson 54 as in Car 54, where are you? Let's play some more of them. Show to the theme. Just to stop that. You make it work. You get to say show to the. No, I was not as a matter of fact. Okay. I was going to say show toons. Oh, oh, what do you know me? Michael Paul 22, Dick Cheney 22, Osama Yamama is moving up very strong now. He's coming on. He got it. We got left in the gate at the start, but he's making a big move. In fact, even talk off his burka. Don, the lawn 21, runs failed 16, just in Tickabell's got a dozen. But Janet Jackson's got five and a lot of people want to see the other four. Kind of leaves has got three. Carl Roe of three. Wayne Hyping has got a pair. Arnold Schwarzenegger's got two. Colin Paul one and no votes yet for Dan Marino or. Phil Hungary. Are you sure? I just looked at it. I just took a peek at it. Oh, somebody will vote for him because they're disgusted and nauseated with somebody that we used to really like a lot. But you know, you find out what a person's really all about when the push comes to show. You know, when it's really all online. I'm how quick they sell out. I was speaking of selling out. This is one of my favorite stories in history. But we ought to take call or two first. QAM Hello. Yeah, I'm Daniel. Yes, sir. Yeah, put it back in your pants, mug. Yeah, you can either lump them with a idiot brother or you can use them alone. Governor Jeb Bush the worst governor we've had in 30. Jeb Bush is magnificent. Thank you so much sir. Okay. And have a great weekend. How will we leave him off of there? That's Reverend Bush to you, by the way. Yeah. Reverend Jeb Bush. Hi. Come on. 560. 560. How long I told you this was to grow. But I shouldn't slowly. We can stretch it out. Yeah, cruise. Just don't let any way see it, but stretch it out. WQN. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think the meal. Yeah, I think the meal is going to be fine. So, speaking. Leo. Yeah. How are you? Okay. The reason why Ben Laden cannot be found is because he's hiding at the Bush Ranch. WQN. Hello. Shomba. WQN. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Ha ha ha ha. That's shimpen came in. You see, it always comes in when we release the expected. Nobody ever tells us, bastards. Where do I get on the list for that? Your would like to share. In fact, you know, past maybe that's why my mom was out this morning who's getting his share. See? Everybody gets theirs. Everybody gets it on, except us. WQN. Hello. How you doing? I'm going to get it. WQN. Hello. WQN. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Leo. How are you doing? Great. I agree. Still Henry put him on the list. That's my vote. Yeah. What, what a disappointment. And this is not a joke. When you all become the loser has a super tanker, a Chevron super tanker named after her. That's she really? Yeah. If you are a fashion, I read it somewhere. I'll try and look at that. If I did it, tell her. Is it called a doctor, right super tanker? No, kind of leisure. Doctor, right, doctor, kind of leisure, super tanker. Okay, thanks for the good news, pal. Why are we talking about? Do we start about? Yes. You do? That's the ancient. I never heard that before. We'll see you. I learned something. Do I care? No. Ten wars corporations of 2003 by Russell Moe Kiber and Robert Weissman. For our day? Well, Robert Moe Kiber or whatever his name is, editor of the Washington DC based corporate crime reporter, Robert Weissman editor of the Washington DC based multinational monitored their co-authors of corporate predators to hunt for mega profits in the attack on democracy. So already we like them a lot. 2003 was not a year of garden variety corporate wrongdoing. No, the sheer variety reach in intricacy of corporate schemes. Candle and crumbs was spellbinding, not in these years to pick the 10 worst companies for sure, but multinational monitored magazine cannot be deterred by such complication then so here follows enough medical order. Our list for multinational monitor of the 10 worst corporations of 2003. Oh, right. Magnificent list. Starting with? Bear. Oh, absolutely. Your own standards of the stop-opens track of everyone. Right. 2003 maybe remembers the year of the headache at bear. Which we applaud. In May the company agreed to plead guilty to a criminal count and pay more than $250 million to resound allegations that it denied Medicaid discounts to which it was entitled. The company was beleaguered. Ah, beleaguered with litigation related to its anti-cluster all drug bank call, pay or pull the plug which is linked to sometimes fatal muscle disorder from the market, but is facing thousands of suits from patients of alleged they were harmed by the drug. In June the New York Times reported on an internal company memos which appeared to show that the company continued to promote the drug even as its own analysts and revealed the dangers of the product. Bear of course denies the allegations just like they probably been on making that poison gas during WW2. Bear. It's a court gas. Oh, that's number one. Number two. Boeing. Order. I knew that was coming. And one of the greatest schemes of corporate welfare and recent memory. Boeing engineered a deal whereby the Pentagon would lease tanker planes. 767th that would fuel fighter planes in the air from Boeing. The price tag of $27.6 billion was billions more than a cost of simply buying the planes. The deal may unravel though because the company November filed for wrongdoing both the employer that negotiated the contract for Boeing, the company's chief financial officer, and they employed the negotiator the contract for the government. How could Boeing fire a Pentagon employee? Simple. She was no longer a Pentagon employee, Boeing and hired her shortly after the company, clinched the deal. Start to see these things fit together the case of the puzzle. Just like Billy Toeson down there in Louisiana and his friends in the pharmaceutical companies. Company number three, the worst of the year, and I don't know who they are, Bright House. Give her her that. Nope. A new AG advertising consulting strategic advice company, Bright House is claimed to inform me as it's Neuro strategies institute, which undertakes research to see how the brain response to advertising campaigns. In a cutting edge effort to extend and sharpen the commercial reach in ways never previously before possible, the institute is using MRIs to monitor activity in people's brains triggered by ads. Okay. In fact, I think they got Sheridan on passions as all type of machine. Sheridan gets the juice again today big times. Quartz 40 May. Wow, it is a beautiful thing. Clear channel. Oh, I'm going to squeeze myself as I read this one. One of the 10 worst corporations of 2003, Deep Channel. The radio B-A-Moth clear channel specialized in consuming or squashing locally owned radio stations, imposing a homogenized music playlist on once interesting stations, and offering cultural support for US imperial adventures. It is also compiled a record of repeated law breaking according to our colleague Jim Donahue, violating the law, including prohibitions on the set of advertising, and I'm broadcasting conversation without attending permission of the second party to the conversation. I'm 36 separate occasions over the previous three years. Not to mention of course the bookkeeping problems that they were recently fine for, and the 755 grand that they were fine for for indesancy, not to mention those things of course. Next one is Di Bold. Oh, there's this ambivalence on here. But I think we better do the break, because I don't want to rush to all of these. Did you say rush? Don't want to do that. Four minutes to load at 5.60, Q-A-M. This mark, Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M. Alright. The new time is seen that we're lagging in the cold. Hey, bro, about a headline that will be you by the cold. You say, and say, is the one, again, now they, I only want to take the day, take them away. Don't forget about sugar, we've got it. Now we're all cooking and saying, you got it. You don't need to take this, though, you got it. Where is the light to go? You say, my love is what they got you to do. Can't get any gum, but the one, on it, could have been. You believe what they say, and they say, like the cold, I look for the whole, as they do in their days, thus they're in a state for their call, and through, for the election of, without us, who shall die in any new figure, and then on your knees, we got it. You're a true man. You got it. From the United States, WQM, Jimenez, the two, the Humperate, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, the Gulf, largest U.S. voting machine manufacturers and an aggressive peddle of its electronic voting machines, dive-old has managed to demonstrate that it fails any reasonable test of qualifications for involvement with the voting process. Its CEO has worked as a major fundraiser for President Bush, computer experts revealed serious flaws in its voting technology, and active as show how careless it was with confidential information. It's written lawsuits against activists who published on the internet documents from the company showing its failures. Next. Haliburton. Now, the owner of the company, which initially drafted plans for privatization of U.S. military functions, plans for active during the Bush-Wanted Administration when current vice-president former Haliburton CEO Dick Cheney was secretary-defense. Haliburton is pulling in billions and revenues for contract work, providing logistical support ranging from oil to food in Iraq. Tens of millions at least appear to be overcharges, some aimless say the charges for oil provisioned among two highway robbery, and of course the meals and yoddi-oddi-oddi-oddi. Haliburton. Haliburton. Half-south. 15 of its top executives had pledged guilty in connection with a multibillion dollar scheme to defraud investors, the public and US government about the company's financial condition. The founder and CEO of the company that runs a network of outpatient surgery, diagnostic imagery, and revealed to F.A. of health care centers, Richard Scrashie is fighting the charges. But thanks to the slick maneuvering of attorney Bob Bennett, and appears the company itself will get off Scott-Free, no indictments, no pleas, no fines, no probation, no sticky nor washing. In a med. The California Base Company sought FDA approval for a silicone breast implants. Even though it wasn't able to present long-term safety data, the very thing that led to the FDA to restrict sales of silicone implants a decade ago. And light of what remains unknown to know what is known about the implants affecting including painful breast hardening, which can lead to deformity in very high rupture rates, the FDA in January 2004 denied in a meds application for marketing approval. Merrill Lynch. This company keeps messing up. Fresh off a $100 million fine-levy because aimless recommending stocks that they trashed in private emails, the company saw three former ex-ex-indicted for shady dealings with and run. The company itself managed to escape with something less than a slap on a wrist, no prosecution in exchange for oversight. However, they're still looking over their shoulder and they're laughing. And last but not least, although we don't have them in San Florida, Safeway, you heard of them? Sure, shopped their office. You did? I had in Montana. And elsewhere, sure. One of the largest US grocery chains, Safeway is leading the charge to demand kick a give-back from striking and locked out grocery workers in Southern California, along with Albertsons and Ralphs, which is part of the Crober chain, Safeway's vans and pavidians stores are asking employees to start paying for a major chunk of their health insurance, under the company's proposals, workers and their families will lose four to $6,000 a year in health insurance benefits. So there are the 10 worst corporations in 2003, and I would say let's be easily offer probably a bubbling under. Spopatever, Boeing, Bright House, Chief Channel, DiBold, Haliburton, Heltsouth, Inamed, Merrill Lynch and Safeway. What is that scumbags? Joseph Petersmith. On the authorities, went to arrest him and said, let's go to an alisance. On related drug charge. So of course, Brad, you see probably behind me. There are some flowers and centetti bears and people walking around with Carly Ribbons on themselves. I'm glad they found him, but they also find those tablets that he's been hiding in Surasona. 5605060, pound-560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. Biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is, and we got a very impressive list. I'm sure we can add some. We'll probably get like two or three more real calls between now and two, and two, and two, and two. Maybe, one, two. WQA and hello. So not yet. There's one. No. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. For the poll. Dennis Miller is a magnificent choice. Excellent. He was a funny 10 years ago. He's not funny now. He couldn't be a sportscaster. What better qualifications to be talking to him on a news channel now. On a right wing news channel right. I had a Fox news with him. Thanks, pal. Alright, thanks. Dennis Miller, he'll get a lot of votes. Osama, your mama's moving up steadily though, but I don't know. This will be up there all weekend, this pool. So he's got a shot. Osama's got a shot. Preferably between the eyes. 5605060, pound-560. My microwave is like beep to second time in oath. That means more water. No, I don't think that. That means it's done, dummy. It can't give me. But you wish to look to it. It'll take me like 10 seconds. Here we go. Plus that after a few seconds you're giving the right wingers the Ditto heads in opportunity and plenty of time to turn over to IOD and Hirosh. Hirosh. Let's hear the inside story. The Clintons are still murdering people. Everywhere. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised it was the Clintons that done in Sirus Odenothi guy. If you don't have diarrhea, the Clintons did it. 560505060. I don't think I've ever, well, maybe I have. Don't that be full. Of course, the bad part of it is when you grab the handle of your cup, especially when you head into the microwave for two and a half minutes before the water was in there. It tends to be just a little on the warm side. WQAM, hello. And back at you. WQAM, Ola. Hello, yes sir. Yeah, can you put that asshole that just killed that little girl on your pole? Joseph Smith. Okay. That's a good choice right there. Let's go get him in. Yeah man. Pick it up. Here. What's his last name though? What do you mean by that? I thought it was Joseph Smith something. No. It is? I don't know. I don't think so. Joseph Smith. Joseph Smith, boy? I'll tell you they're killing me then, bushes. I don't believe so. Joseph Smith is good enough. How about Sirus Odenothi? Sirus Odenothi murderer in parentheses. Otherwise, I'll think we're talking about Joseph Smith. We'll get the Mormons all been on the show. I don't want to get my buddy dining Osmond upset. What? What do I want to do that? No. So let's say do that. Sirus Odenothi. How are we going to say? 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon while the slide. WQAM, hello. Hi, Sally. Yes sir. I don't know if you happen to see Rumpfield getting grilled a couple days ago. A little bit of it. Yeah. And your buddy loving there with the glasses and said, yeah. Yeah, but it was by vocal vases. Yeah. But you know, hey, because the good thing someday, they're rick them over the calls and they fumbled and stumbled and did a usual tap dance and dance round everything. But it was good. I love what the new line is now. And of course, the media's letting him get off the hook with the net is, well, even if they never had any of these weapons of mass destruction, he was a bad guy and we still do the right thing. I mean, duh, what is that? But the world's full of bad guys. Yeah, right. And most of the market may have bad guys that we stuck in there. I mean, including him. But, you know, I'm gripping it. I'm like, I've got it for as well. Good. Good to see you tomorrow. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon while the slide. Oh, there's Colin Powell. He's saying the same thing now after they took him out to the woodshed. So solid intelligence base. When we present to the case to the United Nations in September, here before last, the president took the action. This is totally justified. You're right. See, now this is really interesting. How they really whipped him in the shape. I think they made him an offer that he couldn't refuse. Toby, could that get there? 560, 50560 on the AT&T. What's wrong? We're replaying that, you know. That's okay. Well, we're seeing again. They had a, say, the other thing. He was a bad guy. He stole a freight train or two. And for that reason. WDQM. QM, Ola. You need to include some fair and balanced angles to your list. They're like, uh, the, uh, and cultures, Sean Hannity or Bill Riley. That's, uh, three good ones. Okay. Thank you so much. And culture and Bill O'Riley, who is the, I'm Sean Hannity. You know, let's put all three of them on there. I'll tell you what, man. He doesn't get too many votes because nobody knows who's, we don't want to pick on this fudge. Now that they guy talked about his book. I didn't even know he had a book. Don't they all? I guess everybody wrote a book that said me. I'm going to start writing it right now. Tell me all about Greg Roe. All these people go straight. The books. You don't have to do any work. Somebody asks you a few questions. They write. You get a check. There you go. Sound excellent. Rush did it. Hats stern. All these other people. Yeah, but those are like big fish in the big pond. I'm like a little teeny tiny fish on the station with. A little, uh, a little, uh, signal stereo though. We got an international audience on the website. That's right. WQM. Hello. QM. Yeah. Can I talk to Neil? Reconfer. I'm calling from Wellington. Let's go to Wellington, hello. Neil, uh, I wonder how to ask you quite a lot of take views. All right. Hey, there was a game. Wasn't there a ride? All right. That was a game. I'm from Boston. But I just want to tell you a quick little story. I don't like to, you know, call one, show and talk. I call, uh, I'm driving the other day. And this genius that's on after you is saying how this riding and fires and horrible things happening in the city of Boston. Yeah. Um, I'd say I called yes. There was. What? Otherwise, there was one horrific automobile accident where a, and that's you V-drove, uh, into a young college. He backed up. He backed up through a crowd of people and they were fires. I saw it myself with my own free eyes on. I was a, you know, I'm from, you know, don't ever come to your boss from the South Florida. I, I, I lived in Boston for two years. I love Boston, but that doesn't mean that there aren't barbaric assholes in Boston because there are no, of course, though. But what do you find it? What are you trying to say? Why you picking up my good buddy, the mad dog because he's probably going to like a one. Probably got an IQ of minus six. I mean, I listen to him. But is that you be by 15 points? Go back to Boston, okay? I'm straight with your boss. Go back to Harvard square. Schmuck, go back to Kenmore square. Jesus. See, then we want to talk about the game. This is what really gets me. He's all uptight. Now, Boston is light, light years at a South Florida. The only problem is there are a bunch of blue nose assholes. They're in some other assholes. They want to censure this and censure that. It's, uh, everything is banned in Boston. In fact, this guy was probably banned in Boston, which is why he went up in South Florida. Right. Loser. That sucks here. That's why he's here. That's right. That's why he's in South Florida right now because it sucks so much. At least I'm out there. I'm on the air. There is survived. They out of there as much as possible because it's filled with too many people like you. It's a miserable nasty rotten, full of hate, full of crap. Man, just in a minute and a half, he sped so much crap there. We all saw the story. It was in a, I mean, you know, maybe somebody can read it to you out of the newspaper out of the Boston Globe. Or the weekly reader. Providence passed noon at 5.60 W to QA in Valentine's Day is this Saturday. It is? Oh, this is for next week. Oh, no. She's, I can't believe they did this to me Saturday. Oh, no. Well, this is not the right. Oh, no. No, no, no, this is for next week. So I bet you I should make candy copy for today. Oh, no. Oh, no, I know I did. Wait, what thing about being a little bit too efficient Steve will? You're good guy, but now you're getting a little bit carried away. I know tonight's the big 40th anniversary celebration at Pompano Park. And I sure wish I had that copy. God. Dang. Nice to meet you. It out. Because I got this while Duff was in there going out about the Jamaican lady. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, like that. And so I got next week's copy. Well, tonight is the 40th anniversary celebration at Pompano Park is all kinds of great stuff going on post time 705. Now for next week, I mean, I just don't have it. My bad and their bad too. I mean, cut the crap. What does they write on here points for 29 to 11? I've tried I blame you too. Trust Bradford is an idiot. Valentine's Day is a week from tomorrow. Pompano Park racing in Card Room and Pompano Beach has a great couple special in the top of the park restaurant. Now you got some advanced knowledge and time to plan. For just 79 99 you'll get a full course dinner for two including shrimp cocktail. Seafoodscape in a free bottle of Corbell champagne. Plus there'll be live music throughout evening. You'll have great seats to enjoy the racing action. There'll be three flowers and prize drugs just for the ladies. And for the kids, three minutes your horse rides, severed away PM next Saturday. We've come tomorrow. Other race track Valentine's Day is the opening round of the $250,000 Alica Pre-Pacing Series with top horses from all across the country. Plus the annual sweetheart pays featuring only women drivers. I bet to be Farber won't be there. On Friday next week, the feature of LB the opening round of the $125,000 Maclo Bell-Prouding Series. And like I said tonight is the 40th anniversary celebration. I'm going to dig into my shrimp can here and get up the stuff I'll mention later on too. Because I don't want to sell a good friend short. They might not let Fred Richie for free no more. Located just a half mile from both I&95 and Florida turn five Pompano Park is easy to get to. And best of all Pompano Park offers you free admission and free general park in every day. Live harness racing in the park room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, like the night in Saturday too. At Pompano Park, Poco room starts new the midnight. Live racing gets underway nightly 705 P.M. Call Pompano Park for more information 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or check them on the web at pompanopark.com. Don't forget to make 40th anniversary celebration lots of good stuff going on tonight at Pompano Park. Live in the local V6-5-101. The radio though yours. Pompano Park. Best of. Rolling of the plot. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. La la la la. La la la. La la la. La la la. La la la. La la la. La la la la. La la la. La la la. La la la. La la la. La la. I was going to clean my room and she was like a man. I was going to keep it up in Pompano Park but didn't I get a man? Oh. La la la. My room is still messed up and I know why I'm making it. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. Because I got happy. You got happiness. Because I got happy. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. You're right on me. Or not. And then that way, the ones we got already that have when all the prizes, right? We got about a half a dozen, I guess. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Great column in the British newspaper The Guardian by Peter Bowes. US Apoplexy over Jackson Flash. Two seconds of bear flesh and America's be cited self with Indignation and outrage, Janet Jackson's Super Bowl stunt, which he says went further than she planned, has left the US in a state of mass complexity on the subject of taste and decency and broadcasting. A few moments after the now infamous wardrobe malfunction, a great ingest and Tinkerbell told the ex-Sahalibu TV show, hey man, we love giving you something to talk about. Ready for that? Yeah. See there's the exact quote. That's putting it mildly. It says here, I know many people in other countries are scratching their heads and thinking, what in the world is the big fuss over there said Robert Thompson, directly the Center for Study of Popular TV at Syracuse University. That was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in a sports spectacle said baseball coach Tommy LaSorta. But this country takes exposed breast very, very seriously. We get very exercise about such things Thompson said, there's no denying the level of public fury. Within minutes of the Super Bowl halftime performance the internet was a buzz with angry chatter and phone lines to CBS's New York headquarters word Jand. They were jaminate. This was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen LaSorta said, in Los Angeles. They just absolutely ruined the fact it was one of the greatest Super Bowl games ever seen said Tommy who's over spaghetti like crazy. He's up to about 400 pounds. Timothy in the UK said there was more naked flesh on the show in the Super Bowl advertisements than Miss Jackson's performance. Where's the outcry about that? But on a scale of terrible things that happened in public is a fleeing the bear breast so terrible? No. Jand had been just in mortal owners sitting in questionable taste during the Super Bowl. The telecast also featured sexed up commercials for beer. But there's a lot of sexy up going on, right? Remember Dr. David Kelly? Oops. Also featured sexed up commercials for beer and they say it worked. I love it. And add star starring a flat shell in horse and others for erectile dysfunction drugs. But apparently they don't compare that with the impact of exposed body part. Maybe when we left the old country we somehow froze certain attitudes, Mr. Thompson said, he's not saying we're pure tactical, is he? While other attitudes began to evolve elsewhere we had we held to many of them very carefully said, there's a paradoxical part of the American character where we simultaneously are arguably the most obsessed about sex of anybody else on the entire planet and at the same time the most uptight about it. Televisions most of the TV we played moments provoked a level of debate that is unprecedented and there have been many calls for sweeping changes in ways broadcasters are regulated. While the Jackson breast exposes a easily upstage the entire Super Bowl event, the commercials Iraq and the Presidential Lush in campaign, the online issue is nothing new for U.S. broadcasters. There has been this dynamite and culture wars, the idea of what is appropriate and what is not appropriate on the public your ways, and it's been sitting around waiting for a long time to go off and Mr Thompson, how do you like that? Have cues. So the bomb went off baby, just smell it. Was either the bomb or maybe just in court one when he ate that thing up? He made this sudden motion. And why does he talk black all of a sudden or did he always? Oh, because he's he's it may he's He didn't call you he's a rapper not to listen He's a little fancy man. He's a little butterfly just in all of America's looking at you and they're going Hit loss take a hike soon As John Kerry would say don't let the word door hit you any ass on a way out So John Kerry gets endorsed by him. Who was it? Oh, get by dick. Okay. Who are give her this morning? We're excited about well it's a good union thing. You know to give art the union people still I he's a pawn of that mean he's a very popular with unions And Kerry has pulled on 62% of Michigan going into the big du caucus tomorrow See I this whole thing with some states have caucuses and primaries some state just have caucuses some states have just primaries They it's all a pile of crap and you wonder why so many people are interested in that when it can be all excited about Jan's Titi the biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is George W. Bush is hanging on to a very strong lead 297 50.3% over half of you said that out of 590 almost 600 votes Rush Limbaugh 78 Michael Jackson 60 Osama Yamama who's the late edition and we apologize for that 47 we got one we give a little handy kep there Michael Paul 25 Dick Cheney 25 Donald Rumsfield 19 Justin Tinker Rell 14 Carl Roe for the case got six Janet Jackson five kind of Lisa three Arnold three Danny marino's got two That's disrespectful is mad dog would say it's got two Wayne highs in good two Dennis Miller one colon Paul one Joseph Smith. See I think we're gonna put the murder over there But these only got one We were supposed to but Eric didn't hair I get with it Maybe Sean Kennedy's got one and no votes yet for Jeb Bush Bill O'Reilly and Culter You see how that spelled KAL TER Call if you don't have any votes or Jeb Bush and Phil Henry has still got the big off are you sure positive 27 pass no and 560 Q AM You In celebration of black history month CBS television proudly presents 16 average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on earth It's survivor come to who will survive that drive by both as The two tribes And my baby daddy's Compe for the immunity bling and not get voted off the hood The pilot by at two and a half wife man on CBS 31 at 560 WC man. I'm just thinking to myself. I got a whole bunch of stuff here, but I don't want to sit here read for now on a half Okay, and probably what's your name's listen to our Jamaican friend yeah, and she was so distraught that we didn't finish with all the TV themes Just read show her here from my big pile of the CD What we didn't come close to finishing did we? So for whatever her name is Rosto Lady. Yeah, oh, yeah, I'm gonna stick some of these back in here again because we just we've only begun to apply this crap On you know the one I really like is the one the TV classics. Yeah, the one that's got like some of the live Some of the old commercials that some of these people did you know the one I'm talking about for example Well wait, man, let me give you a sample It's queueing up just relax. Don't get off. Don't get all panicky. I think it's queueing up Maybe it's good. Oh I Reforce with a speed of light a cloud of dust and a hearty high-o silver The lone Ranger Why thought it was gonna be about Pete Lenny there. They're they're loona ranger So sure as good if we don't have to see him anymore, isn't it? Although we'd rather have him back in your rid of time wreck any day the week. I'll take it that So we'll get to some more though is just to piss off that one lady so she can call him up again on Monday Oh, gee, I did like that man and that was so bad that Paul question was so I didn't like that knee there I bet your cash money. She's on the phone right now with moth. I was probably out to lunch I bet your cash money on that. Yeah, if it meeting this morning at about eight thirty said Somebody just want to kind of talk things over and see what that was going on And he said why should be the last one until that? Well, he's a little bit of a loop these days. Yeah, he's doing his fruit loops McCain will serve on a P. War Intelligence panel. That's the good news out of these Of course the president's picking them that's the bad the above bad news and even worst bad news is that we're not gonna fight out of up their investigation until after the election Right. I mean, what if they finished by like say November 1st of this year by October 25th and they say oh my god, we found out a whole lot No way We don't want to be injecting no politics into your revelations We want to make sure we can try to fix it again to get him in there and then we'll like water with down to make some death threats and things like that And it'll be just like with George ten of the other day, but it'd be better. But it will blow out you know things like that Wison probe looks for truckers for help You see this nope now maybe we'll have some happier because obviously the FBI and all of our other Police agencies across America Can do nothing with the anthrax probe how many years has that been now it's getting two and a half years right? or so Yeah Since the anthrax business right there in Lantana. It started and then kind of spread to DC and elsewhere I have no result. We didn't have that person of interest though He's likely destroyed but other net not too good So in a nationwide hunt for the person who sent rice in through the mail and uses the name fallen angel Federal officials have sought help from trucker talk radio shows and web chat sites that have attracted heated debate about trucker safety regulations that took effect January 4th Them truckers man there on it. We got a lot of truckers listen to this show But we have got no rice in law enforcement officials say they've also begun scouring the rosters of trucking companies nationwide Try to develop leads from a flimsy set of clues. I didn't even heard about this. Did you know the clues that they got? Though in an type note left along with a small file of rice in an email facility in Greenville, South Carolina in Minottober Which they hadn't told us about until a couple days ago The perpetrator is time to be a fleet owner of a tank company with easy access to cast or pulp from which the deadly poison rice in is made a second letter and I why didn't they tell us that right off the bat when Bill first was up there about a week But it would but why didn't they tell us that right away? Don't ask questions a second letter. We've treated November 6 from a mail facility that serves the White House contained an identical letter and a similar file of rice in powder Authorities revealed that mailing this week after rice was discovered the offensive of a cemetery in the Middle-Farth. So the resistive been going on since October then again November here it is almost a middle of February Last week of the request of the FBI Department of Transportation Dale Summers No relation to Suzanne Summers or Aaron hosted the property of truck and bozo radio show broadcast out of Cincinnati It's the old truck and bozo show Spent three nights on the air appealing to the person who planted the rice and package the facility near the greenville Spartanburg International Airport Summer city was contacted by FBI agents in Greenville including Merit and Martin Brown who's heading to bestugation air and by Heather Hollowell With the transportation department in specular generals office in Washington who has that the broadcast information about a hundred thousand dollar reward Posted for information leading to an arrest Tom O'Neill spokesman for the FBI office in Columbia South Carolina said agents have been following trucker websites and trucker oriented radio programs including summer show and another popular radio show hosted by Seattle cowboy bill Mack it's the truck and bozo in the Seattle cowboy Max producer Ken Johnson said the show is mentioned the rice and matter of an out-of-a-s discussions on it Summer said the message is left in Greenville which warned federal authorities not to expand the time truckers Must spend resting and sleep or birth from me to ten hours Makes it clear the person is either a trucker or someone is affected by these new rules and if Michael Powell wore for give me Maybe he's a mother trucker. Can I say that? No, like I said I beg your forgiveness put it in me now I don't want to play these but Well work you know I'm so happy about that Never one green one green one of the many Americans who believe in the Protection like old Girlopas Stop the machen show  2 wszystkieanders  curiosity is quite important for comparison  2 fifty  Hey, this is joke karar Wang Hi, son The rifleman, this is the truth of the rifleman. Are you serious? The rest of the says here, and that was your child's honor on your advancing. I hope the rifleman started with you. The soldier's honor started with you. The soldier's honor started with you. Maybe it'd be a deal? Going is what? Going is what? This is the Alvin Show, the Alvin Show, the art of the Pondola, the Alvin Show, the Spades of Bill, and why it's war? Here's the fight, in astorm of speed. I guarantee you won't think of our Jamaican friend, wasn't on the phone before you're right. She's ringing up, you can feel the heat from that phone line right now. He's pissed. This is Clint Eastwood. She's one of the junior friends and she's a career of patriotism. You'll bring honor to yourself and win the admiration of the entire free world. This is Clint Eastwood saying so on the best of lunch. See if that's what I'm talking about. We were rolling roll and rolling. Though this means it's all in them. She then all is rolling roll and roll. I've ran into it in the way. I've been forever. I can't fly my side. All the things I've been through. Who's been serving this? Are we in a deal? I don't know. I don't know. I'll bet. Well, you know, this is a kind of fun and everybody likes it. Except for that one lady. So I'll ponder during the break whether we want to continue doing any more of this. Because we still have an hour and 20 minutes to go to salvage what we're doing here today. Sure, which we could see her while this is going on. Oh yeah. I sure love to see the anguish looks on her post. And see her frantically. She's got that baby on speed die. I'm on your wall. This is for 20 places. You wait. Hey, you bastard. Did you make a Jamaica Jamaica Jamaica? Did I'm all alone alone? I know she's gonna find it. This is because we are at Grand Purelli. I can do it. Did you make a Jamaica Jamaica? I love to see the Golobanaory's and the lion smile. Does it seem like you're near it's time for a Evening just feels like I'll do the same with the girl in Golden Beetle. I see who you're. Oh! Oh, come, you don't realize. I'm not that off the dark. I like Jimmy Quinn. And I like the smoke as quick. I like my suit, right? I am a huge type of guy. Just don't need to brush that you. Raspel, blam, raspel, raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. I like gochichu. And I like the motorbike. Chicken soup with honey, the luck. That's what I like. Have you ever tasted? Grat, paste, Russian cream. Blam, game, and give birth a fish. That's much more my speed. Raspel, jute. Raspel, raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Or on your raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Yes, my raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. Raspel, jute. I think we were going to start in this weekend. I spoke a big fat one and honor of Bob Marley, who was birthday would have been today. I'm going to slow two. Raspel and himself. So Miguel finally came through as in smoke two. Here you go. Did he just bring this in? No, he folded it in. Did he really? What does that mean? Where's he hanging in there? He does office. Oh, Elvizita's want to be involved with us anymore. For less. Well, that's what it goes. And don't forget if you want to contact Miguel, just contest at neo-rages.com as the website. For example, if you got any of your best stuff, let's leave the last five or six years. Anyway, hot couple's contest. The dates to submit entries now through the next Friday, December 13, you can vote for the hottest couple that will have on our website. The following week, starting the week of February 16, email us pictures to contest at neo-rages.com. No messages, not a crap. That's just a joke unless a course. Now, the couple would most votes wins their choice of one of these prizes. Trip for two to heat nisming Jamaica with food and booze included in that one. Or trip for two to the world. Or twice as casino in Bahamas, which includes airfare, but no food or booze. So you choose. And then the second place couple gets was ever trip be left over. They get sloppy seconds. And third place prize didn't for two at the pizza lock. I'll contest rules on our website neo-rages.com, which QA wants absolutely nothing to do with it. And we're proud of that. We'll please because it's disgusting and filthy and pornographic. And of course, they're very upright in their sports. Which is why we have those long, long, ponderous promos. Oh, brother. And there's no way you can get through to that kid. You know, this clearance guy, he's just hopeless. Promos by homos. That's what it's all about. Long. I mean, one of these days, they'll be playing like a whole quarter of a game back. I'm telling you, we got the middle level management guys, and they sit there and they're on together. What can we do to upset Neo? Because he's the anti-sports guy. So let's put a bunch of sports play by play on that. But who knows the go on forever? Promos from the homos. Anyway. Uh, how are D-rays 700 grand in one day? Did you know I'm the internet? No. After his appeal, he needed all that money to compete in Wisconsin. So don't count him out quite yet. I mean, close. But keep your armor up near for the final counts, but you never know. I'm sorry. I don't want to blame you. I'm sorry. But don't blame me. It's like a wilder that the other principal brand of cigarettes, but the fact is qualified by an independent consoling laboratory with more than 15 years experience in cigarettes. Like your own taste and truth, if a judge for smoothness and wildness, wildness, there's never a rough puff in a lucky strike. Yes, prove to yourself what scientific that's true. Lucky strike is milder than any other principal brand of cigarettes. You're a carton of luckies today. Are you with that means, Roger, LSNFT, lucky strike means fine to back him? No, I did not know that. Now you do it. Lucky strike presents your hit play. The lucky seven songs of the week with Jeff Clark. Highly Wilson, the hitballators and Raymond Skull and the lucky strike officer. You think I'm here, God's be racist, he's a demon on wheels. He's sitting when any going of a... Never see speed racer? Tuck, yeah. You did? Are you kidding? Come on. We're talking about Boca Brunge, have a deep kiss. I'm sorry. You're wednesday. You're Jeff, roll lady. America is asking you to come. Oh, drive you, Jeff. I don't know why, because I thought things guys were always doing and number two, she's really nice. I think it's the greatest land of all. On a highway roll road along the levee. For fun, it's a levee. She's sneak diving or levee. I'll probably be a real man. Life is some pleater in the Chevy. So make a thing today to see the UFO and see it in your shed. Brunge off. The great Jim back as I love Jim back. Oh, Yeah, with this step of scope, Drs can find out if they got a heartbees. This is Dr. Jim in a ran. He's saying, if the Drs can't find your heartbeat, it's a fantastic scope. And now I got a goal and use this step of scope to see if my agent has a heartbeat. Hey Jim, I'm going to go down. Now I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. See, you're happy, son. I don't tell me you watched this first. Yeah, you talking to me or John? Shit, I'm always me. I'm super, super. I'm super. Yes. Hi, this is Matt King Cole. And now that there's just you and just me, I've got a confession to make, my friend. Yeah. What the fuck are you doing? I'm going to put those cancer sticks down there. Oh, Jesus. It's this all of the way. Do you know, back in those days in the 50s? Yeah, probably in the 60s, too. But especially in the 50s, like Gary Moore and that King Cole. There were a lot of these guys who were like really heavy duty smokers, like two pack, oh, two pack, you see, but, uh, and he used to smoke on air was very commonplace. Everybody did. I love Lucy. They were smoking constantly. Everybody, that's right. Lucy, uh, does he was smoking on the air? We'll see him now more. That's cigarette box right there on the coffee table. Oh, where do you think it is? Please, say it's not me. In your way in the world, take it. Take it. The very important, boy. Take it in the brain for more. What's his complaints? Maybe for your time, Mr. What's headed by now? Like, what's he looking at? You know what he is? Yeah. I mean, maybe for white people playing black folks. What's that? What's that? What's that? English name. Oh, good enough, played too much of that. You're hard. Very good. Well, don't be like that. Well, you know, they left the sponge in your jack car. Here, uh, open a bypass surgery in 1998. And they'll just punch him and then like, uh, he had a stroke. A little while later, and then I was in an accident. Hey, these guys go to the doctor's. Put your ears. Hello again. This is Jack Benny. Sounds like great read. Yep. We are going to explore the world of golden television. Or we as performers shared with you the creative best in our lives. You saw the performers in your own big ugly glass picture tube. But one of the reasons both radio and television were able to provide free entertainment of the highest caliber was the advertisers who paid the bills. From television City and Hollywood, the Jack Benny program. And we're very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very much as a marketing and dickball. And we're going to be a little bit more excited about the show. But that lucky strike was all over the place, you know? Try to somebody dead people now. There you go. Put puff it on the cancels sticks. I love the sound of your work too, Sam. I like this whole lot. Yay. Yeah. Maybe it was those fights. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We live in a mountain. We walk in a mountain. We run every far I can feel so. Now do we have to go through the thing again about how you stay for play that on the ears of this jerky when you were Jack. No, not. Huh? That was a jack in my career. When we were going to Jack. And that's the reason you hate that so much. That's a good theme. That's not the reason I hate it. I hate it because it's bad. It's like, Oh, I'm sorry. I think it's great. 12564. He'll known it. 560 Q.A.M. So one forever. And local. Here's sports radio 560. Q.A.M. Oh, this is odd. This is not a Tuma. It's the one, the two hour. Talk about some more than anti-religion crap. It's exactly what it is. Okay. It's a pile of crap. Anyway, one o'clock at 560 WDQM. Mad Dog at two. It's going to be, we probably rehashed those stories about those barbarians in Boston, who went nuts after the Patriots when they're super well. And yes, Virginia, there was a ballgame. I sure will Virginia didn't see that booby. Church, somebody says Catherine Harris for the poor. Excellent choice. Church's attributes suit filed. A 46 year old man is swing the Roman Catholic archstices of Indianapolis. Allegedly that he was sexually abused repeatedly as a child by a priest. That way Lee Hamilton was from Indiana, not from Ohio as wrong. My bad. The lawsuit comes today after the Archdiocese issued reports saying that 20 priests have incredibly accused of sexually abused in mind since 1950. The lawsuit filed yesterday in Miriam Superior Court contends that the Reverend WDM Blackwell. I remember our Mr. Blackwell used to do all the magic tricks. Gay. Committed the abuse while he was a teacher at St. Mary's School in Richmond from 1957 to 1961. The alleged victim identified only as Robert M. to protect his privacy. Was an altar boy for Blackwell and a student in his Latin enthianology classes. Robert M. Allegedly was abused at several locations including the Church's rectum Relectum and at Blackwell's parents home in Miriam County. He was abused in several locations. Robert M. never reported the abuse to anyone outside the Church. He seeking unspecified damages. He now maintains that he suffers from psychological damage. Shaky emotional distress. In bear estimate, loss of self-esteem, disgrace, humiliation and loss of enjoyment of life according to legal filing. 12 play people working for the Church also have been incredibly accused of committing abuse Blackwell. More to be drunk. Oh, I wanted more than three more. I'm listening. That's the Lutheran. See, every time I play this and you never know who it is and you pull on the love. What is it? Great. Okay, go back. One of the real geniuses of TV. Dad and a car got hit by a car in New York. I'll take your word for it. Years ago, don't you ever eat the atoms? Come up and see me sometime with those white all cigars? Okay. No, you don't. Well, that's because they used to advertise cigarettes and cigars on TV years ago. Right. I thought the atoms was his widow. She was old, she was, uh, huh? And the good old days. And the good, okay. Hey, I got news for it. Only co-vax was a lot better than most of these assholes on there right now. I thought I'm, you know, trying to live in the pants. But never lies, boys. I'm not going to make you want to get. Leave it to be, sir. She doesn't want to be. She doesn't want to be. Starring Barbara Billings Lake. What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? Who's got the people? Tony Dowl. And Jerry Mathers. As the people. Oh, wow. Nobody don't like people. Well, almost. Okay. You'll get it. She got the no you want. It's room 222 and everybody. Jerry, where? This park don't recognize. Oh, what? Who's through? Who's through? Oh, they're talking about it. This is down to read, joining the station. Don't you have my own honor, message. The message. Support your heart fund and help medical science in the old outfight against heart disease. Okay, now what do you guess that was down to read? What do you think this is up on? Donna Weeks? Excellent. What a great game. Yeah. I'm living on the edge of tonight. Oh, I'm almost sure that one. Oh, I've got a count of none back in. Down, down, up and down the dive. Okay, I think we ought to pause right now. Maybe take a few calls. Maybe the audience says, you know, yesterday, like I told you this morning, they enjoyed it yesterday, but a little bit more of it today, a little bit too much, you know. It was great yesterday, but don't do it. Like we had a nice beginning in our yesterday with meatballs and us, I'll go to the mirror and a restos, whatever. But no more. We'll have what we tell a week from the circus. You know what I'm saying? Okay. We'll find out. WCOM. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. You know, yesterday you mentioned Guy Williams name. Right, and I was just curious. Do you all have the lost in space? Seems. Theme? I bet you we do hear somewhere. Yes, I'm almost positive. I bet your life on it. I'd like to hear it. Yeah. What is Guy Williams? Was he in lost in space? Yeah. He was Mr. Robinson in the map, you know, the main guy. I'll be damned. If I can't find a George old singer. Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Paul. What's your singer? Sure. What does that mean? I don't say it. Say it two different themes. They did? Yeah. The second theme was the better one. Was that the one I'd do in Alice and say? Yeah. Are you making fun of June Alice now? I would love it. This is Dick Van Dyke, asking you to listen to this song. That's it. That's it. That's it for the voting. Oh, you're in doubt about angels being real. I can arrange the change that it doubts you feel. Got it? Wait. Time's the legit. Good work. You've ordered for your Valentine's Day. Part of Illinois. That's easy. Okay. What does that mean? That means that they kind of toned it down. Or that, and keep in mind, this is back. I don't know what year that was on in the 60s, 70s. I'm a German genie. And the big thing was that she NBC had special private meetings because Barbara Eden was showing up with her naval expo. Yeah, yeah, that was wrong. And that was back, like, how many years ago would that be? And here we are. We see a little bit of booby on the Super Bowl. And America is crumbling. The foundations of the country are just losing it. Falling apart. It's like a massive shock to everybody's sensations, man. Because we saw a little bit of Janet Jackson's booby on the tubi. Christal Mighty, man. Time to grow up America. There's important crap going on. And you're all a titter. About a pile of crap. Can I say a titter? No. Probably. Wouldn't surprise me that we're going to have, like, muff and clearance in there. And you know what they're going to do? It's like having a dump on the electric sports promo every time I say crap or ask for it. Yeah, that's right. So if you hear the sound of that. It's for you. You'll know they dumped something that we say here. Like maybe one of those, the exterior sounds. God. How embarrassing. It's just, it's just shocking. And nobody in the media. And the mainstream media is got the balls to tell a like it is, you know? Nobody. Hmm. All the same thing. Oh, this was an outrage and boys CBS is going to have held a pay for this. And MTV, we know how come they didn't realize MTV is so over the edge. Right. Just like all those horrible reality shows they have had in MTV. We might actually see somebody with part of their clothes off. Young people live in the same house. Well, then how can they call it a reality show? They take their clothes off. Oh, that's true. Nobody does that. Not no decent people do that. I guarantee a Michael Powell probably keeps his pants down when he takes a dump. Oh, I forgot he doesn't take a dump. That's right. But if he did, it wouldn't stink. No, it would not. And it certainly wouldn't stain his pantaluys. It's 11 past one at five, 60 WQM. Hey, President, stay is less than two weeks away. That means that the mall store in the churms like they do every year. At this time, we'll be running those big, fat, phony's, mattress sales. You know, the ones where they first, they double the price behind the scene. Then they offer you a half off. Well, what kind of a deal is that? If you really want rock bottom prices and the best mattresses anywhere, 365 days a year, you know what to do? Come, I could friends at dialometres. 1-800 mattress. No phony sales. No bait and swish. Just everyday rock bottom prices that are unbeatable. A lot of complete line of the top manufacturers in the universe like Celi. Serta, Simmons, King Quill, temperedic and stirrens in foster hewit. Choose from dozens of models at lower-view day discount prices. You can rest easy and enjoy a great night's sleep. I call this tool free number right now. They'll be there knocking on you door. No time at all. 1-800 mattress. And only dialometres still is there. They only want to do this. They'll let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule. When it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be home any day, seven days away from 8 an a.m. till 10 p.m. dialometres offers you low prices. Same day delivery free set of removal. So what's not to like? Don't be sucked in by those phony ads. Do the smart thing like I've been doing in George and Boca-Brine. Miguel even fat boys doing it. Call 1-800 mattress and guarantee you and yours. A great night's sleep for years to come. The 10-800-MATTR-ESR online its mattress.com. My life and law. This is Fort Radio 5-60. 2-2-1-800. One day season, Big Tailwind reduces the salty barbie. Sims are salty friends were upset with the old barbies and so blinds named Barbie are jewelry. So the good patriots at Big Tailwind designed her to make Barbie salty friendly. Because of you know, the salty's are our friends. They like us. And I'd like to do with 9-11 and do with the little and nothing. I know that you didn't know they let look into news. I know that nothing to do with that. So to bring her to our side in friends by sliding our tongue further at their smelly hole, meet out of a barbie. She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck, which she fails to obey. Or make her a bensets. Bandar kid will yank her head off with a jay, told behind her real list to come me. The longer you wish, however Barbie, now he's a blink barbie eaten. It was Jewish. You can deal with Big Tailwind. It's swell. Third is nothing good with Barbie. First you'll about to help President face brain lost in space. Danger. This is Ernest Borgmine, suggesting that you see your neighbourly crude or soon, your investigation will reveal. That is a naval officer, you'll have a position in which you not only meet your duty to your country, but you'll be participating in a team effort that brings an immeasurable sense of personal accomplishment. This is a great deal. Is this a big deal? I think it's a big deal. How big are your partner? I know that's a big deal. I know that's a big deal. I know that's a big deal. How about guest materials maybe, then you'll be right here. What are you guys doing? I'm from the city of Warburg. I'm from the city of Warburg. I'm from the city of Warburg. You're all musties. Come on. Place these retreat and reverse it to the... Doris. Thanks, Fred, all of them. Please, and thrilled. About F.T. Oh, that's this. Emphasen fan. To the battlefield. Let's go. Hmm. I think maybe atomic batteries have a power. Sure mind, this week. The brother, ready to go down. Jesus, brother, what's that heck of an out of your tights? Jesus Christ. If you could only hear that in stereo, man, just about make my thing thing. What? This is Raymond Burr. They can just show it announcement. I can't tell you much. You can get the latest information about research. By writing to NIH, but as the Maryland, 2-0-0-1-4. Yay. Yes, sure. Yeah. Hey, Pery, guess what? Yay. Oh, no. Pretty sure, but I'm a moist spot to my fly. Oh, they called him, Fred, Fred, Fred, faster than lightning. No one you see is farther than me. And we don't ever listen over the wonder. Find them under the sea. Hey, dad, this is Ed Burr. 77-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7. Man, you're the skisier. How about some instant wax? Hmm? It's too much. And, 77-7-7-7-7-7-7-7. What do you buy? Bill Green, Bill Green, Bill Green, Bill Green. Bill Green, a little out of the up, You're more, only if you dare but auction out. The gas allow for you to the yard. They're up to get the fingers in your head. Oh, brave, is corpora-stil, Oh, he is just a boy. Just a boy. How true is private rent and till they are the RVs proud and joy? The un-touchable. A deputy old production. Sorry, Robert Stack has plenty of mess. Oh! Now, did we decide he died or what? I guess he died, huh? I could look it up. Robert Stack, he died, I think. How's that? Daniel, who was a man? Yes, a big man. Daniel, coil? With an eye like an eagle And the soul has above and was he? Daniel, who was a man? Yes, a big man. He was brave, he was fearless and stuffed as a radio tree. From the grundskin camp, from the top of both ends To the hero is raw high shoe. Also, the ripenist roar and his kindness, man. The frontier of a new can your group was man? Yes, a big man. What a boomer to do with all the dream And come to where was he? The out-to-do ladies and gentlemen. Oh, he just got through here. My name is Alfred Hitchcock. Our next number is designed to drown out the sound of shovels. If you spend your evenings watching murder, instead of doing it yourself, you may recognize this. Oh, oh. We haven't heard this before, but it's so new waiting. It's just a little to make it happen. This is just for the Jamaican lady. We sure hope you're enjoying it. It's so good to have my play of all again on Monday. Oh, no. No, no. Now, wait, would you say outer limits? They're for a sad. Oh. You're a light gallery. There is nothing wrong with your television set. Yes, there is. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission. A ride? We'll control the horizontal. But there must be like a car. We can change the focus to a soft blur or sharpen it to crystal clarity. For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see in here. You are about to participate in a great adventure. You are about to experience the awe and mystery, which reaches from the inner mind to the outer limits. Now, the other one, which you're never going to get. Sorry, I'm not going to get it. It's not night gallery. Dark shadow. Oh, it was a soap opera. You were going to watch that. Right. Even if it didn't have been a part of it, then where it will go? There you go. Oh, hey, quite not. You're going to find me. Again. This is. Oh, sure. Oh. Martin Landau. Told him. Martin Landau. Peter Graves. Or. This is my part, Landau. Oh, I. Michael, put the deal. Come on. I don't know. She was on the show. Barbara, building with. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. That is. It's going to be said, I'm idiot. Have it in a thought-th wanted. Anyone? Change them. My date is'ming, right now. If I don't smell it? I will. If I don't smell it. there are two you may have played it but it started entering as the clear one way out Peter Guns played it and the other was Mr. Lucky. Mr. Lucky. I think he is called Mr. Lucky. Barbara. It's on here some one. Barbara Bane. And more land down. What color is this? What's the band from Uncle? This is William Shacker with a reminder that you can bring my fancy world closer to reality. I'll find out how you can help. Right to me. William Shacker. Westport Connecticut. 06. 880. Log of the Starship Enterprise. Starbate 59.43.7. Captain Kirk. This is Lieutenant of Hora. Mr. Spock is ready to patch him. Go ahead, Mr. Spock. I'm on the surface of the destroyed barbarian planet now. Captain. Mr. Troy. What do you see Mr. Spock? The surviving inhabitants are in a dreadful condition. I have no line. It seems they can't control their limbs and their minds are dull and useless. I have no line. Fascinating. There seems to be in a state identical to that curious 20th century earth disease called I have no line. It's a beautiful thing. That was the greatest thing William Shacker ever said in his life was a kid alive. Just those three simple words. They argue trekkies out there. Get a life. You ask holes. You silly people. It's just a freaking TV show. 26 after one. It's our going to be burdened in the hell. In fact, we'll pass the, uh, we'll pass the numbers. How do you like that? We'll let you peel them. EF Taren Auto appears the way it plays to take your car because these people know they're crafted been around for a long time. You'll find them at 583. North federal highway just to mind we'll have North of Sampharoid and prestigious Pompano Beach. And EF Taren Auto repair experience that experience makes. With mechanics are ASE certified technicians, crew with all the technologies. Most of them been around for a long time. They've been with the EF team for almost 20 years. Most of them. EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience. So it doesn't take a rocket sign to figure out you can trust your car to these guys. No job is to bigger two small of the EF either from a blown fuse to a Blor engine from a 73 Toyota to an 04 Bentley. EF Taren Auto repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously double checked. Reck received by the shop for an every car is cleaned upon completion of the work. So your car went to give it back you. Looks and feels and smells just like brand new. EF Auto's most extended warranties offer you while your way to service on most repairs to 583 North federal highway in Pompano Beach is where you'll find EF. Call them and be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash to interest credit card. 954. 426. 9926. That's 954. 426. 9926 for EF Taren Auto repair. So good that the nation who recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the entire U.S. survey. And EF don't forget that the EF Taren Auto repair is not only the most successful auto repair facilities in the entire U.S. of EF Taren Auto repair. And EF don't forget their model. Nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business. This is 426. On your knees that old with your rosaries. Now you're head with great respect and respect and respect. You're a lot of ever steps you want it. You have to clear them with the montam. Everybody say his own theory of A.L.A.S. on doing the landing and our own. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to do the landing. We're going to go out of Shalice on going, Pon is really good you do it. I did it. And Sunday, I'm wearing dressed in sections . And I'm wearing ,I as Now, and I'll be wearing the newvin' ing & smiling ! And I'll be taking the best bus at limited menstrual And that's all ! That's 3 355, John, Judge Lawrence Assilman, to look at American intelligence capabilities, especially our intelligence about weapons of mass destruction. He's talking about intelligence. Last week our former chief weapons inspector, David K, reported that Saddam Hussein's regime had weapons programs and activities in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions, but no weapon and was a gathering threat to the world. But no weapon. Dr. K also stated that some pre-war intelligence assessments by America and other nations about Iraq's weapon stockpiles have not been confirmed. We're determined to figure out why. We're also determined to make sure that American intelligence is as accurate as possible for every challenge in the future. Right. Before we go to work again, based on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, I'll wait till I see him on the Tim rushes under. I don't want to see no more. Anyway we got 737 votes on our poll right now. The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far and it is only 2004. We had a ways to go. Unless he blows up the whole world first. And the very self-same said George W. Bush was speaking at the moment. 396. That is shocking. 350. Some sir. He doesn't even need any extra help. 3506. He's an alicabizoma man. He's so far ahead that it's a joke. Rush Libba 89. Osama Yamama's moving up steadily 71. Michael Jackson 69. Dick Cheney 33. Michael Powell 28. Donald Rumsfield 23. Justin Tinkerbell 16. And after that single to the small potatoes, although Danny Boyd and we know's got six tied with Carl Roe. And you buddy Phil Henry. Are you sure? As fine. New York Bishop denies sex abuse charge. A Catholic bishop accused of sexually abusing manly leader killed himself is forcefully denying the charge offering to take a polygraph test demanding investigation by the D.A. Bishop Howard Hubbard, held a news conference yesterday. I was after he cut short of vacation in Florida and returned to Albany. I've never sexually abused anyone. Instead of honored my views of self-sophy. Do we believe him? No, he's a priest. His remarks came in response to allegations by Andy Zalay who told reporters his brother Thomas set himself a fire at their parents home in 1978. Oh, brother. Are you ready for that? No. Send himself a fire at his parents home. And you know what happens to when you set yourself on fire, you become FUNNING! Right, gay. Hubbard who led the Roman Catholic D.A.C. of Albany since 1977 said he never met these delays and he had new of no records point per 10 of the sex abuse. Thomas Lee obviously by any priest who served the Albany D.A.C. He said the Zalay said his brother was distruct because Hubbard had abused him. Well, we don't believe that doing. You know Hubbard. FUNNING! There's another mother who I thought it is. Now that we're going to burn his hell with us, we'll have a good time going. Super host, son. Love that guy. Another challenge for the green one is, who's a D.A.C.O. and they're rolling our son over the black community. On police records, they wanted criminals. The green Hornet is really free. Former public leader. Riddley Sentinel. His new ally, Jettity, known only to his secretary. And to the district attorney. And now, we protect the rights and lives of decent citizens. Rise, the green Hornet. Okay, now where was the green Hornet recorded on radio? What station? I don't know. Come on. How would I know that? WXYZ Detroit. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, the story about this E is true. The names have been changed to protect the innocent. What do you want? Information. Who's ID on? That would be telling. We want information. No. Information. Information. You won't get it. I hope you're by crook. We will. Who are you? The new number two. Who is number one? You are number six. I am all in number. I am a free man. Who's that guy? Have any of your partners? Who? I will tell you. You just watched the boy in his dog again the other day told me? Yes. You see similarities between the setting for that movie and the prisoner? Sure. I saw similarities between the setting for that and the middle east. You already had this, Harry. This one? Yeah. Yeah. Oh! There we go. We're deep. Oh! There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Since you don't like cop shows, are you going to tell me you didn't like a YFFO? I, well, what would it be like? Oh! Fuck I'm getting out! I've got all the time to just make sure. They had that shit there. Yeah. You know they had the Hula girl right there. Which you could see. And of course that was a Hula girl show. You know how many years ago this was on? But third man! Huchi Kuchi girl back then, she was taking her booty and Michael Paul didn't get upset about it. Of course he wasn't born yet. So it's not like... And I'm still... You know the theme song... You guys suck? Yeah. I said they're watching and I realized that. It's another formulae piece of crap cop show. What happened to the 12? What happened to the 12? There's another piece. Man was a good one out of 12. The horn was fully fixed right on the 4-8-3. What happened to the 12? The 4-15. The 5-8-15. And the 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 9-10. The 10-10. Woah. The 10-10. The 8-10. God tell you how powerful it is. I can't believe it! How! Do you start dangerous? Empty. You don't mess with fre emcevilists to be a man. I'll create the right to Original Pop guerrilla. I'll mention some of River tallers. And pop riddel... ..from this valley. Yeah, I've died. to get to the FBI. Oh! Now, just in case there's anybody else who's upset that we did this couple days in a row, not the whole show, but just a little here and there with these old themes from TV. We're going to give you the phone number for the Jamaican lady before the end of the show, and you can call her over the weekend and and then you're going to be in a commissarate and plan your map out your plan of attack on Dufflensie, right? So that Monday he gets thousands of calls saying, we find this so just unacceptable. And we didn't like that poll either too much. Oh, God, go get your own poll lady. Okay, that's probably what a problem is, you can't find one. 140, 20 till 2 is 5, 60, WCM, I'll tell you where you will find it pizza loft lots of delicious goodies, man. Fresh, delicious, I think it's such big portions too. That's why people love the pizza loft because it's almost enough for two. In fact, some people I know who go there and eat for free actually sometimes share because they're free. They're free. They're making a charge. But in any way, here's the deal. Every Monday night the loft in Davy is Lazzani night, Tuesday's eggplant. Well, by one of these dinners on these nights gets a second one for only five bucks. Every Wednesday, kids eat free with an else thing and see Jeff Stamis magician. Thursday is midnight at the loft. Come out of motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for our price. I guarantee the garlic rolls at the loft or the vest you've ever had. They got three different kinds of pizza. Every kind of pasta dish ever been invented. They got chicken and veal seafood. They got calzone super subs. They've got it all. And like I told you, the prices are teeny and tiny and the portions are gigantic. Fresh end delicious is the way they cook it for. Nothing soggy always cook the order too. Pizza loft even cateres. Use them for your next office or home party. Your next affair catering for as low as five bucks per person. Here's the number for take out delivery. Call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty. And Jeff Stamis, he will never make them a steak again that he made the last year. nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty will find the loft. A university drive between Griffin and five ninety five and a pizza loft. Pleasant behind pure one imports tons and tons of repark and say how to our good buddy. Jeff whatever his name is colon and the whole gang at the world famous. Pizza loft. Oh my god. So light. All the hard burn. You know. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Every garden and which. Don't go. My TV. Please. President. Come. Repalculate muscle. And in our kingdom. It is. I don't know why. They want to die. But no. He's here. There's grown a man for you. That's good. With president. I was. No. What. What. What. What. What. What. You got no. Come. And yet you will go. It. Come. Come. Come. Here you are. This. Don't go. It's. Right. You. You. Come. And. This. Come. Good. Come. Come. Good. Come. I. He's president of the world. You don't care what it is. You got him in my hookroom, bro. We appreciate you. We know what's best for you and I, but I don't feel sure. We've got a great leader here. With president of the world. As the man goes, let's say, does the boxing block? It's 14th to the final 60s, but if you want, we got the mad brother too. We'll see you tomorrow. Hey, Goldberg at the World Tour of being golf tournament at 4th at some golf stuff, man. Wow. Do I market 7 till 10, educate 10 and sporting news radio overnight? Because it's free. Number 1 because number 2 it's sports. Sports. Thank you. Well, that's fine. I'll have the audience. If we still have anybody listening. Okay. Because you know, two days in a row of this. The nice thing to be giving you the show. We don't want to do that again. But there were so many good ones that I hadn't played yesterday. And I've got thousands more by the way you're making lady. WCWM. Hello. Yes sir. I just heard you make reference of the upcoming interview on Sunday. Meet the press with Bush and what is it? Tim Ressler. It'll be the marshmallow toss. Yeah. I know. Tim Ressler. It's a big change. Right. He's already riding the questions and the answers. But Bush right now is your speak. He's going to be looking both armpits, especially the right one. It's such a joke. Real. I mean, if people can't see throw it. Well, hopefully more people are going to see throw it in and vote against them. Come to remember. Especially when he starts fumbling in Bumlin. Oh, he will. We know that. Anyway, you have a good day. And you two, every great weekend. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Don't forget. I'll present it on me to press. And you know what they say. If you're on me to press the red job, you're going to be going to be going far. I hope he does soon to present it. Like a far away from us. Like Wesley Clark. He's really doing his nickname. No. Oh. That's what that punk said that day a few months ago. Oh, Wesley Clark was on me to press and he did great. And of course, you know what happened here. He was just he was fun on us. He had to be. When you think, I thought, how did he kill him? Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. When the star is there. We have to take the new job. Bonpomari, Jo. Who? New. New. Your father. Oh, speaking, yes. Oh, New. Hey. I don't care. I will let you see you for a long time. And you funny. Ah, you know, it's black and sorry, Madurai. What is it? You know, this month is black and sorry, Madurai. Yeah. You know, a good song will be good for this program today. What would that be, sir? They were position songs. And I'm a black guy. Yeah. I need my kids. Give them a bigger good morning. Yeah. I miss that song. Well, I'll tell you what. You let me know where you can find it and we'll play for it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 time. 5 6 10. 6 10. On the AT&T. And Verizon, where the slime. That was beautiful. When it. He must know that you make him leave. I'll bet you. In. W.M. Hello. Hey, Sugarbridge has listened yet. Did you. Could you play these sky king? What did you do that with you? Sky King. Yeah. Don't you remember that? Well, I remember it. But I choose where to find that. That's from a humble years ago. How about to life a rightly? Uh, see, I don't know if I got that or not. That was one of my favorite shows. I know. I love that. When you bend this was great. You can think of finding. Okay. I'm looking for a. You're the man. Okay. Uh, let's say honey bears. Something like that. Uh, I don't have life a row. And I, well, the here's an assignment for poker Brian. Some of we don't have on eighties. And what was the other one? Oh, Sky King. I would have thought I would have had Sky King. And let's see adventure after adventure. Uh, the Virginia and the. No, here's see hunt. It begins with an S. No got it. But we'll put those together down Monday. All right. Ha ha ha. Anyway, that doesn't like that programming. You can blame the edge of making lady, okay. Just not a spike. We're going to play theme songs. Those, he's got him coming out of a room. That's him. Ask. WQM. Hello. They're put solution about it. Thank you. Let's play that too. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Well, what was that that could mean that there was a rest of 10 times a time with a hurricane. William. Well, I'm a son of a poor class. You know, the drone. He's going to put a. What was it? Wow. William Williams. William Vendix. William Williams. That's what it was. What do we know? What do we care? Common of the sports shows about whatever he is. It could make that same call. It'd be great. Exactly. They wouldn't know what you're trying to write more than I do with it. But George knows he and can't say. Yeah. Great. Now you know what he did. WQM. Hello. Hey, George. Yes. I talked to Neil. I just want to say something about that. Yeah. Go ahead. Um. They have to stay up there. They have to shoot me to quote them if this guy's trying with my fair hand. I wouldn't bring a weapon or nothing in there. I'm going to talk to you very long drive. I'd get on the alley right now and have I 75. You can be there by five or clock the seven. No, I would say if you really hurry me before 30. Right. Yeah. Just play across the alley. You can go about 90 on the alley. Then zip right up 75 before the traffic rush really starts. zip up there, you know, four miars and Naples. Of course. I'm a certain that order. Why? You know, this guy's been in jail before. So they wouldn't have had to lie about. They didn't have to let him lose. But they did. But they do it over and over and over again. It's just, I sure hope Lionel Tate don't get no more trouble. You know what I'm saying? I'm not assuming that he will. But I sure hope he doesn't just for everybody's sake. I don't care. I mean, you know, if he wants to wrestle with his conscience, that's fine. But other than wrestle with his mother. 151, nine minutes still two at five 60 qam. We're supposed to be in five six. You're so with you, I'm a few. I'm screwed. Well, congratulations. Get a lie. No. A word from Howard Dean's wife. Hey, tell her. Handacked her journalist, I learned. Why if a presidential candidate Howard Dean. You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's that different reskite. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shane opponent. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much, Judy. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischagas. For those of you who don't have to compete with, you know, that means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time when the red kids left the cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. Even Maschuga, I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a mench, but on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peoed about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I've got a watch section to city. I got a shut down to campaign headquarters, or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color, so I'm no Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagazon, that's your dish for Dr. Judistain. Over and out. Oi, buddy. I'm going to be like John Kerry. It's a 156 maddog in four minutes to two o'clock. We got to get in a whole bunch of these calls before we go in. We're all way. All of them. To make up for a lost time. WQAM, hello. You know time to waste. QAM, hello. Hey, hey, do a nil. Okay, sir. You may ask Chris, did you play any of those ones from like this? This is like the semi-suk, you know, such as a cannon and play the yesterday. Make balloon wife and manics and iron-spider. Okay. Wow, I think he's coming to part of the scenes. Get him Raymond Brazil chair. Where you please? Go to QAM, hello. Yes, sir. For the poll, how about Kenny Lake? Kenny Lake is good. Kenneth Lake, get him on there. Thank you. Before we are right out of time. Thank you. Excellent choice. Kenneth Lake. See. Like to see him laid right out. 560, 560, 560. See, you messed with me. You messed with me. You messed with me. You got it. Right. What's out of like the guys with the ice boyfriend? I want to cause a go. 560, 750. Huh? Or maybe it was David Cassidy doing a voice. Because I hear he's got David locked up in a broom closet. WQAM, hello. Tell him I left three. He's in a wonderpoint pitch for it. I'm feel show up in a vehicle picture. And hamland. All right. Which wouldn't be the first closet that David's been in a course. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I don't. Okay, pal. You play that to that did where. Kelly, cause it's no like two to go. It smells like doo doo. What for does that? I don't know. I heard a goldie says that. Oh, where goldie says it smells like boy. I can't believe Josh is actually paying attention to a best boy. I mean, I wouldn't. I sure wouldn't. Especially these calls today. But he's man. He is hanging on every word you guys are saying. I paid too much attention to what's but these colors because that's where the sports people are going to because you guys are the show. That's what mad dog always says. You guys are the show. Now, people you just really believe that. No, no, he's just he's just trying to suck up a little bit. You know, trying to be humble and things like that. Oh, and you know what I must forgot? Cause I know the mad dog's going to be talking a lot of hockey. The game last night. And I know the Panther company on a Phoenix was great. Lisa, losing four nothing in Ottawa after all. It ended the second period. Four nothing. Okay, calm down Joe. Say your voice. Who's got the old fabric? Have you heard you say something about I thought you were bullying my performances. I heard George a boo. Who is in for the man dog? That's boo. She's I mean, ever before. You should have told me that before. I'm sorry. Mad dogs in for boo. I mean, these guys, I'm telling you, no, mode this morning was more one. That's a good night. You know, is mad dog on? Absolutely not. Jesus. That kind of don't tell me. Hanks going to be. We're going to have like another substitute or prostitute. I don't know. Because that would really be bad. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.