End of the Falling Dance She is singing and holding watch in at white water dah well Talking about how bombs of Cele 95 are rale without lead, with the bullet and the dish up onto the screen came his partner and Bishop and this just end to our witness news it's cover no more Tina than the two live crew will have more distales comment up at 5 13 people don't from the stores because they so jersey oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time Bob had heard the album and he was a fall he said thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that's a call we've got some take on stand I guess this 13 rhyme besides it's really quote collection time his broward judge friends said I will not fail you will send for any mention of Janet tailed you they're selling sex to kids going through to vertie the two live crew yes they so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time he could drop a butt so he had guts the most of the people said this guy is a plus he rid the land of that noise pollution even though it went against the constitution and what did we do during all of this job so 10,000 more copies at 1295 oh right up brand who were babies it's really perti by an it till the bank cuz he's so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time I don't think this person went all the difference between Luther Campbell and Glanzer Campbell do you Campbell soup 10,03 and 5,60 WQM happy Thursday too but we got a heavy a full plate today you know what I do although it's half clean now thanks to poppy's for all the food that I didn't get cuz I'm out there right I'll describe you understand the George and Josh both had a gigantic mouthful of sausage well I had some pizza Josh had the sausage had a big mouthful sausage seat and had a big smile on his foot is what I hear indeed anyway we got stuff on that website today because we want to contribute to our half of the culture wars that continue in America at a an escalating pace right so which you better take a look at our website today because while you can't either too much longer we're man in the trenches because evidently the way it works in America is that if the FCC doesn't have authorization over something today Congress will just pass a law regardless of the first amendment and they'll have control over it and they're going to pass a law about private conversations that you have behind the doors and certainly magazines that you read things that you're reading your daily news paper is going to be checking that out Edgar imagination right and things that you think about that maybe a little bit sub-erosa uh... verbootman can do it and the FCC will come and stop a heavy fine on your ass cable may also be targeted in fight against TV and decency this story is so grotesque and so acceptable i got the new vanity fair magazine in my hand which is about five hundred pages long three hundred fifty pages of which are ads break lost the edge with a lot of marginal looking models may be a male female in some and drugginess but uh... the microjax articles in there and it's very very long and i don't know whether i should read it or not or even making a temp i again cross part of it and i hit the highlights not and i can't do that all i see it's not the kind of article that you can really hit the highlights well we'll see anyway let's do the result yesterday's pull before we do anything else no even before that and you got to tell the people that i said no before that the joro's story all that yeah well it's not to make a screen now blockhead there whoever that leo you know too much football about a helmet will get to you uh... has been doing this uh... eight to ten thing for how many months now about thirty-five thirty man long time has you gotten paid yet yeah a dime no opinion you see that contract as yet that meeting with Greg reader runs away from and on the holiday time he sees a no now that's fine i mean if if you're wants to continue working for free we like having a mislead and we like a malad it certainly is buffer there between you and uh... him and us and uh... you know who that's all right you know who the malmister but it would seem that if you're gonna be able to you know like what i do and mad dog does in the hump or we all agree on this and i thought the little dog was gonna agree with us too joro's but it's one thing to agree with it that you can't take the money to the back when they don't kill you any of it and i don't want to tell him what to do far beyond for me the time working for all of them uh... weeks and weeks and weeks eight to ten or any other time especially when i got a full-time gig so that i don't need this deal i would say uh... pay up or buy by you know i wouldn't just sit around i'm not just maybe he's just too much of an ice guy i think that could be a good be or maybe a schmuck i don't know what uh... the little ones the other certainly related that maybe he just trusts Greg oh yeah that's one of these days it's a coming don't we all no i want the money now anyway here's the deal yesterday we asked what was the most depressing movie ever made before we get to that if you go to our website today i promise we won't let you down uh... today's picture is angeline jolene not start naked but you certainly are get the nips and did nippy right so just nippin the bud and you better take a look at these pictures real soon because pretty soon the FCC's gonna that was the next thing they're gonna do they're gonna have jurisdiction over the internet don't ask me how but don't know finger out away and of course the thing i like about that dean and uh... janit john picture is that he's screaming yeah and he's got he's got such a firm hold on that booby man it looks like it's gonna like burst and he's second that silicone's gonna go spurt and write in his face which would really be that's ready so you got that picture got angeline jolene and then as if that isn't enough we've got something on there that'll make use free see the cruise man and all her glory now i don't want to say that when you see that motion that she's making there it makes you really believed what i've been turning for a long time as he's got that big strap on yeah because she's doing something there besides exposing that breast exactly so i'm gonna love for you to prove that i website today and of course take a good look at it because like i said the culture of wars dictate that pretty soon you will be able to like even on dress with the lights on even just in the privacy of your home with the doors all locked you won't be able to do that you won't be able to take a shower unless you were in uh... like at least a thong right more than underwear for everyone you can sing a thong well here's that picture again at john carry a hundred years ago in jane funder than on anywhere near each other but nevertheless this is a no there he is yeah there he is way into back several rows behind but there's jane funder and of course the bottom line of this whole thing which a lot of assholes in the media see me for getting his uh... hennoy jane turned out to be right and so was carry when it came back from um... that is was uh... an abortion very to me and make him look bad um... with that with that connection is completely false we were at a rally for veterans at the same time i spoke on a sublims folk john carry spoke at the end i don't even think we should hands a fifty eight thousand kids came back in potty bags from Vietnam so who is right now but at any rate hey was it worth it what was the most depressing movie ever made we asked just a little long list this is going to take to midnight to go through all of these thirteen hundred twenty nine votes i don't i'm not going to read all the results i'll only do the double digits i'll start at the bottom owed to billi-johed ten well momentum at nine kids had nine siano uh... i just i just can't do a good other website look at the results owed to billi-johed ten the pianist had eleven nothing like an depressing pianist el norte twelve papillon twelve beaches twelve last american virgin twelve what dreams may come thirteen on the beach thirteen bambi thirteen oh bambi don't do it one thing is ball thirteen titanic fourteen full metal jacket fourteen kukus nest fifteen cash release of a rindulver and fifteen ghost had fifteen loves to rest sixteen with rion uh... onel and the alimigra and rameleand you figure out who he was yet no love story sixteen green mile eighteen looking for mr good-range eighteen nagnoia nineteen american history x twenty pay it for twenty three ordinary people twenty three bony for column by twenty four a must see but depressing rose happens to be true saving rion's private thirty one the dear hundred thirty five so please choice forty eight midnight cowboy fifty terms of indirmit fifty full filth and alphi fifty six then that express fifty nine which your sister said he thought it was a feel good movie for the leaving lost thaga sixty old yellow sixty eight brion song even though he spelled it wrong brion song one oh seven and recwium for a dream winds hand well i was simply fairly close but recwium for a dream let all the way through and never but linguistically by the animal slew twenty nine host for recwium for interestingly there were three didn't have any votes running on a deep laid-water and kept in korelli's mandolin i guess the people that call some of these in they just take out no pewter right they got no pc or maybe they just fund us or who the hell really chose right doesn't make a difference oh no we don't care because it kills some excellent time so anyway to kill some excellent time go to that website today and i just i gotta do the break right got a heavy plate today here's today's poll i'll give it a little preview and uh... see we gotta get a lot of names on this list we want the audience to fill it in not us who do you think is the best recording artist or group one not ten not a hundred not four thousand not even not good in the al the bet that's why underline best the best one recording artist or group of the past ten years see we're trying to like modernize some of these but we don't get these polls dominated by all parts like me and vocabran and George right now i put down a short list is just to get some names on their overliving nilly frittado kid rock outcast i'll set it beyond say because um... and what the hell seems that you look good right right two one five grammys because you look good she doesn't know but she looks good okay problem it's active ten and five sixty w q a a a a a a a a a a last time you look at it you decided is just too small it doesn't impress women it certainly doesn't last as long as it used to we're talking about that paycheck of course so if you want to do something about it if you want to change the course your life is on if you don't want to mine up in some kind of a smuck like tondrick call this toll free number call fast train at eight six six fast train and start a brand new high-paying computer career and just for short months you can be doing it you can have a big fat paycheck even bigger than till rose because he ain't getting a dime the demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train and with seven locations around town fast train is bound to have one close by use fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify and would be not a weekend classes there was no excuse to be staying at that end job no more if you're registered now you can add that new high-paying career by the middle of June at the latest so call fast train right now have a big fat impressive paycheck before you know if you before you can say tondrick do spag call toll free one eight six six fast train or check them out for more info on their website at fast train dot com i am silly i'm losing i am dead now but i re not the one i was alive i will you Can you play with me? Baby, carry, not as crazy as Dean. Absolutely. He wants to help. I've never had a party. Throw a party. You're the one. Just be with anyone in the day. To really kick a history. Baby, carry, not as crazy as Dean. Baby, carry, not as crazy as Dean. He's so big and tall. Baby, so big and tall. Baby, so big and tall. And he's so pretty. Don't scream at all. Baby, we, we, we, we, we, we. We got 14 entries for our hot couple of scantests, which is picking up nicely. The deadline for you to submit entries to o'clock tomorrow. See email us purchase to contestadneararchus.com. So we'll wind up with about 20. Maybe even about 30 minutes. We'll see they'll come pouring in at the Ascent because maybe they'd like to win in trip to Jamaica or to the Bahamas, whichever one or maybe even a dinner with a pizza log so they can watch the Rhear and eat for free. Before we do anything else, this story is just so nauseating. See, we really do have a culture war right in American now. Like, no, mistake about it. And when I said, even Georgia started to agree with me that maybe the Civil War was a bad idea. Right. You're right. I never thought about it, but you're right. Because the north and the south. I mean, you're talking about, and I'm not saying it's just a north south thing, but generally speaking, if you want to draw a line, it might not be a bad idea. Between the states where like living and breathing people, people are living in the twenty-first century are and people who are in the end of the halls who are like on their knees praying to God, although there were plenty of them in Boston yesterday, which was to me is like pretty far in the northeast. Last time I checked, last time I was there at Fannie will haul and Quincy market. But in any way, so we got a lot of Bible-thumpers all over the US of A, but just generally speaking again, this culture war between the end of the thought Bible-thumping hypocrites, it's out of control. And all this fury and hysteria, I mean, it's just, it's out of, it's mine is what it is. First rated by the profanity and new to the on TV that culminated with Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance. Angry lawmakers yesterday raised the prospect of expanding the fight against and decency on television to cable networks for the first time, cable. In other words, it's going to get to the point where all TV people just going to be watching tapes and DVDs. There'll be nothing way in a minute of the exports, the who said they're going to leave those alone. Oh, well, if you go to blockbuster, they're not, right? In separate simultaneous hearings, members of the House and Senate told members of the FCC and President of CBS Viacom, Mel Carmeson, that finds could just be the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and indecency on US airwaves. Most immediately they appear headed toward passing legislation that would increase tenfold the fine on TV and radio broadcasters that violate FCC's decency rules to be a victim of the issue of the president's decency. The House committee has expected a provision of the bill today, while senators have introduced their own similar bill. Lawmakers, including Republicans, usually wary of government regulation, hypocrites, raise the possibility of getting even tougher, such as passing a three strikes and you're off the air law that would revoke the FCC licenses of repeat offenders, which, I mean, that infinity would lose all our licenses yesterday. Right? Right. Former two focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story because 85% of Americans not get their TV programming from cable and satellite. FCC chairman Michael Powell said, of course, what he didn't say is that they have all of these parental controls both on cable and on satellite, so that if parents figure that any program is too hot to risk a they can to win a doubt program it out. But of course, that's not really the point. Oh, what is the point? The source hit. Oh, Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who's rapidly losing its since his cheeks swelled up, favored a suggestion by the consumer's union that Congress required cable and satellite operators to offer all a cart programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want. In other words, God forbid, we should have basic TV because something might come in on your TV that you don't want to see like maybe MTV. Oh, no. For example, something like that. What about just scan league? Or maybe one of those reality shows where like a whole bunch of scan league, glad people are recording around, right? Almost bear ass naked or maybe even the freaking playboy channel might come in. Yeah, how do you like that? I like it. God forbid, you better not say that again. Sorry, see you don't like it. Congress would change, listen this. Congress would have to change the rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand its oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airways historically. It's been on the FCC's jurisdiction, but in the aftermath of the Super Bowl half time showed there we go to that flap again. Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable. I do like that. And then if that isn't enough, then it'll be over the internet. And it'll be over the books that you read in your book story. It'll be in your newspaper. It'll be on what you say in private conversations. It'll certainly be over the telephone. All of these things. It'll be what you drop in the bowl. Right. No, it's supposed to go like that. And don't think your sign language is safe either because we're all now. Oh, no. That's definitely not. I saw that yesterday. And even as funny all man, forget about that. Go in. Why do you prove it's an radio, man? B. So, this is if this doesn't get too, if this doesn't find me allergic to the fact that we've a bunch of Nazis running around on the loose now because it's an election year. And like I said yesterday, both parties, I mean, this is not a political thing. At least in terms of partisanship. It's all across the board because nobody wants to come down on the side of a smut. I mean, the first amendment, I went and doubt open a window and throw it out. Right. Because nobody wants to come down on the side of smut like that horrible flat in a superbowl like Titi, man. Oh, nobody's in favor of Titi's. Uh, certainly. Nobody wants to see no naked behind. Oh, and now you know what the big dealer making is? I give up about the horse farting. I mean, right. America grow up already. Get a life gift with it. And throw the F up already. Can you do it? Jesus. Oh, farting horse. How disgusting. And tasteless. Oh, jeez. Like a bunch of overgrown children. It's pretty interesting. People are being tortured all around the world because of our policies. By the way, Lou Dobbs, who I can't stand, but he's been doing a pretty good job of doing this these exposés and which corporations are outsourcing these thousands and thousands of jobs so that millions of Americans are unemployed now. And last night they took a poll on a show. I checked at this morning. Do you agree with the administration that outsourcing of American jobs overseas is good for the American economy? No, no, that's what they're trying to tell us now. Oh, I know. Just like they just like the tax cuts for the rich are good for the economy. And I was going to trickle down your leg. Of the thousands of hosts they received on CNN 95% said, no, only 5% said yes. And those five, the 5% were probably Chinese get made to go back to slaughter some or chickens. To get more of those American jobs. I mean, what kind of crap? So they're not full and too many people are right, especially the ones who are out of work. They may think they are, but even the American public is starting to finally catch on. They're starting to as Heinz would say, catch up. And of course, she happens to be Carrie's wife. About a half a billion dollars. Oh, now what are we going to do about this pull? We got to add some names to it, which we'll get to after the break. I do, I mean, I'll read like in bits and parts, the Michael Jackson thing. Say what's much too long and too ponders to go start to finish. Say when we should put it up. Put one up, the pull. Oh, we can do it now. Okay. I mean, we got a few names on there. Robert, Robert, Robert. He got, uh, well, what happened to be on scene goals? I would be on, say. Huh? We're, uh, do it at now. Avril of being kid rock, nelly fertile outcast and, uh, Beyonce, those are the fur. And then we'll get some names from the audience. And we'll, uh, Joshua Lathamon in between the chopper on his sausage there. Whatever you don't think he's done. Is he done? He's done. Did he wipe it off? Who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years? Is our pull question today? Past 10 years. Now, if there's a debate on that, I got my little book down. What? Nothing. Just what do you, what do you, what do you just do? Just what about the funny thing? That are good to happen. Oh, 26 past 10 at 5, 16 WQMA Valentine's Day is just a couple of days away. A. Hope you guys aren't thinking about giving the same old tired flowers because guess what you're going to get in return, not much. So here are three words you need to remember for a month, Teddy Bear. In fact, just think of Howard Dean and for model come to mind immediately. Senator Bear Graham and work, the lover boy bear, the love band at Bear are the new all-star Valentine dressed like a sports fan. When it gets there, she'll be completely surprised all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest for sending such an original thought will give. Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for. Like maybe a bus ticket to go downtown and get some action. So just call 1-8-8-2-9 Bear and a friendly Bear, counsel will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine, deliver with a free chalk at their famous gift box. It only takes five minutes to order overnight delivering to the home or office is guaranteed. I guess we can't say orifice no more can we? No. Okay. So call 1-8-8-2-9 Bear or shop online at Vermonttinybeard.com and send your Valentine a Korean of alternative to flowers which die in wilt in no time at all. Call 1-8-8-2-9 Bear and be sure and tell them that all perverted Neo-Toded are called a product called the FCC. Call 1-8-8-2-9 BEAR. My and local year sports radio 560's UAN. The heck it is. And the people I call in, they're just like them like that they run their year. What a call at the weeds in the high and that. I mean it's a terrible thing. The years that I've been looking at listening to 610 and I see it. Incredible. Well put a stop to it now though. Ter tank's Michaelpão. A Stage at school of the 9800, Edog Ben birding is a 2-0. One P Mage in Bragg belongs to the Energy. I'm smoking dubious. Hello officer, did I turn wrong? Though that's definitely not my bomb. Hey, there's some way you can set me free. All I was doing was smoking dubious. Oh my god. Oh my god. Smoking dubious. I got lots of records but not with the police. I'm high as a kite and I've got them much easier. Let's go to Dunkin' Donuts. So say can we please? That's what you get smoking dubious. But I can't. You can do beats. But I can't. Here's the facts from Gary says. Could you please add coal-plate your poll? No problem Gary. Also if you watch the South Park movie yet. I heard that. No, no yet. This weekend. This weekend for sure. Let's add some more names on there before we're getting this pile of stuff. Okay, because there's not a lot of votes because most people don't see anybody they like on their yet. We threw some of the the current obvious ones on there during the break. So, Jan's. System of a Dow and Lincoln Park disturbed. Our lovelin' can park. They're great. I vote for you. But let's just get on there. You vote on biscuit on there? Josh's idea. Oh no. That's okay. I won't get any votes. I vote if you like in park. I like Lincoln Park. Josh too. Well, how do you like that? How do you like that? Oh! 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm almost tempted to put Afro Man on there. But I guess not. I love Afro Man. Who would you like to vote? Hey, I got an order for your poll. Yes sir. DJ disturbance. Hi, pal. Who would you like to vote? Yeah, how about Neil Favoury Fish for the list? Kavya. Squad. Squad. C-H-I-F-H. Oh fish. From the last 10 years? Yeah, yeah, they've been big. In 10 years, the fish has been around since before Jesus was a baby. Yeah, I hear. Haven't I? I don't know. I don't know. What's your fish? Fish is like a grateful dead type, but that's a whole death old news. Let me say it again. Of the last 10 years, how about Elvis Presley? How about Roy Orbison? How about the Inxpots? How about Glenn Miller? Yeah. Come on. How about Enrico Caruso? How about Rudy Valley? Brother? How about the Fats Domino? These people are so full of it. WDQAM? Hello? Yeah, Sean Paul. Rupal? Sean Paul. Okay, we want to. Got it? Got it. WDQAM? RITIAR. WDQAM? Hello? I'd like to nominate Train at the only city. The two cities I bought in the last 10 years. Train? Train, yeah. They had a song drop to do, but it wasn't their best song, but they got a new one out called Pauling All Angels at the Great Thoughts. Oh, my God. It might not agree because it was too poppy for you. Okay, thanks a lot. No, no, no, no. I got another comment. Go ahead. Go ahead. Absolutely, and it's curated about this latest turn of event in Washington, the FCC, the communist. It's so disturbing. Everybody in this country has a choice of it. Watch TV or not. And if you don't like it, throw your TV away. Do something else for you to book. To do here that, I think it was some, uh, uh, congresswoman or something and new Mexico complaining about it. Oh, she was following it to mouth, yeah. Oh, it just, you know, democracy is dead. This country, it was a good idea at the time, but it did not work. Well, you got it. They stole the election and they stole the constitution and they were running off into hiding now. Well, you think for granted when you're growing up, that, uh, it's always going to be here. And it's always going to be like this because this is your country. And this is, you know, what you've always known, but it's not working all their fault. And I'm pissed off. Well, say, pissed off until he's still member. Well, vote early and often. Okay, thanks. Thanks. This Texas mom facing crowd for selling text toys. And we had this story, uh, before. But I thought it was an update. Oh, well, well, we're good to it, maybe. A lot of fish to fry here, man. I'm telling you right now, I got piles. And I got to his vanity fair that weighs about 700 pounds. Boy, you know, we're in a wrong business. Wouldn't it be great to put out a real glossy magazine that a lot of people buy and just like, six thousand pages in it and 58 hundred of our ads. Mm-hmm. Tell us. Okay. What do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years? Lincoln Park 5, Beyonce 5. Ha ha. Coldplay 3, Auburn Levine 3, Kid Rock 3, Outcast 2, Nelly 4. 1, just like Avril Levine, Kennedy and A, system of the down one, live biscuit 1. I told you get one and Sean Paul 1. Roof Hold on. Have any yet? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on you. We'll build up a good list here, okay. And then I can get up to my appointed grounds and rounds. Then of course they can fact some in and they are. And they are. Don't have a pile of sets. That's good choice. Your likes don't have a pile of it. Like I'm just buying. What are you some kind of anti-Semitic? I would never say that. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm expecting answering the telephone you'd call me for a loop. So, okay, if you didn't start it in it, it was like an okay year for the Bruins. And then they, you know, they go on their slump and they can cause usual. And I checked the paper because if you know they're one like five or six in a row, they have the right. Right. They're right on the whole East Sanctuary. Yeah, we're only right on the right one point behind. So I would like to nominate Pearl Jam. Okay. All right. Take care. See, what? Pearl Jam. Last 10 years. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. What about, uh, Jimmy Henry's? Yeah. You too. What about, um, Chicago? Yeah. What about Mozart? What about Beethoven? What about Bach? List? List? Well, in the boss speak with a list. WQAM hello. Austrian. Hello, Neil. Yes? How you doing? Okay. How about Dave Matthews? Dave Matthews, band. Yeah. I'm so sorry you said that. Okay. A lot of votes. Thanks. They ought to be what? Band, in Boston. They're, they're there. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I don't five, sixty. I don't five, sixty. I'll do AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll tell you one thing. We're getting, uh, hits up the ass. G. Can I say that? No. We're no we certainly are on our website. I'm talking about we're getting his up the ass because we got so much stuff on there today. Unexpectedly too. I think we did a lot of things for that, um, for the, um, for the, uh, scene of<|pt|>. Albert. Thanks Albert. I'd better be who we want to thank for the Howard Dean and the Janet thing where he like his work. Just squeezing it. Oh, Eric did that. See. Wow. Nice job, Eric. Man. Hey, offspring of video just started. Are they more than 10 years old? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Oh, look at that. We're just, we may even break the agenda. Jackson record today. Maybe not, but it's just going nuts. W.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Okay. Okay. The other day I came home from work. You got a 14 year old daughter. She was on the internet, right? And I get home and I say, but it's sweet. Because you get on, um, Neil Rogers.com. I want to see something about a poll that you got, right? Mm-hm. And boom, I'll pop this, um, read my lips no more bush little thing. Right. And she like froze and looked at me like, you know, and this was made. I was like, I don't worry about that. Just a little, you know, smooth spot. That's all I'm supposed to. Yeah. She freaked out that I really didn't, you know, say anything. So that she told all her friends, now all of my, me, me beating her high loves her website. All right, excellent. Thanks for that. Amen. I need another, um, for the poll today. I said, Luis, Luis again. Okay. That's the K that me this man had the last 10 years. At the least. Actually in 70 by the way, and he's got a big flat ass. 19 to 11 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're thinking to buy a new car or truck. Here's the deal. If you want to stay with a lot of cash, visit this place. You'll love them. Toiledo of Homestead. You'll find them on U.S. 1 just 20 easy minutes out of the E36. Armstrong's Toiledo of Homestead's worth of Rybhamad or where you are because they're going to save you a crapload of cash on great new Toiledas. You can't beat their deals. For example, check out these prices in O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12, 990. And O4 canry with aerodomatic and more just 16, 990. Need a truck. How about an O4 Toyota Tundra? The safest truck in the country from just 14, 990. When you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toiledo of Homestead, you get a free sun pass. This was the first and aerodop for your free tires and batteries for life. So you know, they're serious. They mean business. General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference are locally owned locally operated and are committed to making you a 100% happy camper. Their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure that all the service work is done and done great. You'll find them on US 1 and 290 third street in the homestead is 20 easy minutes out of the 86. So if you're fed up if you had it up to here with those mega dealers who over promised to under deliver called David Rich. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM at 305 24232 47. That's right, right up to here 305 2 4 I can't do it like Brian Cox 305 24232 47 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. Travel a little and save a crap load of cash on a great new Toyota. This person will found on Janet Jackson. Oh, no, that's not a big illegal. You're from the hands home. Where you ordered Super Bowl 38 showing some makes him. You also get on. What's this most trigger? Oh, no, I've never seen him in the round. Like that. Sportscarers hit and brings you a game for the ages, but not all ages. Every drop of sweat every bit of hot action every night and oh yeah, there was a football game in there somewhere you'll retrieve thatTIN. For now, and you will get even more, strengthen the Pay Some in this free bonus video Richard Patch for lives with that guy. So here's a facts from Scott in New York who says a couple of bands that end of the pool, the full fighters which are love. And Queens of the Stone Age and it also says in Peach Bush now, Amen. Pistop and listening online in New York. Thanks God. Also, you can go out our website as if we don't already have an off-on-ear for you. And we have that thing that move on that word thing. Yes. And you can click on it and get all the info. So when I says he knew, he's in no much and he still don't know much. He knew, sent you the present and you click on it and it links you all the way to the move a center bush campaign move on that word. It's a pretty damn impressive. I'll tell you one thing, Josh is certainly a turned our website around, hasn't he? I mean, Eric, just a joke, Eric, just relax. Okay, put out a guy named Beloney in the peanut butter sandwich. J.M. says, after seeing their Grammy performance and others, white stripes is very, very good. White stripes? Yeah, whatever. Well, I'll see. I would know a lot more of these groups, but when you're in South Florida, there's no, there's nowhere to listen to music. Do you hear any real music? This is true. But I mean, you're a dollar. Then I get, I, when I had my satellite dish in Europe, I knew all of the music. I mean, every group that was ever born because I had like a hundred different music channels. See what I'm saying? But if you don't see it, if you don't hear it, how do you know it? Right? Right. Good point. You can all run to make discs for you like some of us do. I see. Well, John makes all kinds of discs that European music for me. I put it in the car and I listen to it and I love a lot of it. But who don't know who those, whoever saw it, see unless you see the videos. You know what I'm saying? Right. Before a Joan somebody says it's a little mellow for my taste, but still outstanding says Frank. 15 years later, thank you, Frank, nor a Joan. You know, we're still afraid, train. Five votes already. Does she really? She really does. What about Grace Jones? I'm sorry. Rick says, good morning. Let the Republicans keep an ex, look at this. Excory anything. You met ex, sorry, any Rick? The president, one of the biggest corporate contributors to the Republican Party, talk about shooting yourself in the food via Com, can pull all their money and give it to the Democrats. I bet you a million dollars that the pitch that was filming at the mouth will not run against again as a Republican. They'll find her an ice-little office job in Iceland as the assistant to the assistant secretary. You won't hear from her no more. Don't want to be a chronic fancier, but no one has brought out this point. Well, now you have Rick, whatever you're talking about. He must be talking about that pitch from New Mexico. So when I was just hyper-ventilating it. And what you did and you knew it, you knew it and you put this on anyway and all you care about is ratings and you've been taking money and fatting up your wallet. Not like that. And she was craving and shaking and forming at the mouth and other body parts. It was incredible. All over that. I mean, grow up America, please. The darkness. Put him under. Yeah, please. I'm going to talk about the group great. See, that's because I'm watching much music, which I know this is an incredible concept but they actually show videos. We don't get much music down here. Put it on. No, you don't. In fact, what do you got? You got MTV and MTV 2 and what else? VH or... Oh, wait. One time has some good shows and retro stuff, but that's retro. Yes, I'm an old stuff like that. Like the four seasons, stuff like that. Right. 670560 and before we go on, reality TV could have sunk to a new low literally and figuratively with a new dating show for dwarves. Oh, but it's dwarf. Hey, they need the date, too. The little as groom features lonely Glen Foster a soft-style ladies man who is four foot five inches tall. He's a little shorty. That's twice my height. The diminutive celebrity has to be has to find a wife from 12 pint size women. The small slim blind British TV, this is from the, this is London magazine. Toss slim blind British TV presenter Danny Beer will power over the cast to do a snow wide act as the hostess. Viewers could be glued to their sets as 23 year old Foster goes on a series of dates and air was the field where short list of five. A short list, get it? Several women of normal height will then be introduced to the show. Foster will have to choose the woman who's most compatible with for the grand finale. What do you control how it's done because you have to get on a high cherry and when they bring in the normal woman like that? I have climbing gear with your 10 foot tall white. He turns. Right. America's Fox Network has already run in trouble with the critics reality TV punitive Steve Rogers accused the broadcaster of sinking low with a project. So to speak. Wait, wait, a reality TV punitive. That's a, that's a job. Right, of course. Well, how many reality shows we got on this week? I'm turning man. The New York Daily Newshead, it think you've seen it all with reality shows. Wait, tell the littlest groom. This show gives no meaning to a mini series. The show is scheduled to be screened in the US the next two weeks. Ready for it? Sure. Where's the wall? In fact, maybe we can have a hottest, the dwarf couple contest one of these days. What do you say? Let's go. Yeah. WDQAM, line nine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to nominate Eminem Freeple. Okay. That's all right. Thanks, pal. See you on the, my road. Eminem. Not the candy, but the asshole. I mean the rapper. He just, uh, my, I mean the guy likes it. You know, the guy likes it. He likes it. I like it. I don't know why. That's what he says. Why? Sure. He just took me to clean. Well, bad news. Not a question of what I like, or what you like. It's a question of what they like. Right. See, see, that's the one thing about this show. It's still the Democratic process, which is why we take the poll. So that you folks can tell us what you like and what you can't stand. Things like that, even if it's us that you can't stand. We don't care. We're still getting the money. Unlike Joe Roses, who's working for free. I still can't get over that. Hey, like that music on TV. Well, I guess after these hearings finish, we won't be able to have that no more. Only Bible music. She cuts it off. And he's just me. Only approved Jesus loves me. Yes, he does. So take off Laura Hivert because she's the buzz. Anyway, ex officers as Bush's file details caused concern. I got a whole bunch of stuff on that. Did we want to talk about that? Well, maybe a little later. steroids in that one slightly. Very bonds trainer. He's in big ease and deep crap. Bible lessons these clergy forgot. Oh, this is a, don't let me forget. Maybe I'll save the Michael Jackson and Bentley for your thing for tomorrow. Or I'll just read a little bit of it today because I, this is rather article by Derek Z. Jackson writes for the Boston Globe. It's just too good to pass over. But he saved pass over. Yes, sorry. Bible lessons these clergy forgot. Of course, there haven't a big hysteria in Boston now about the gay marriage thing. And what a lot of people don't seem to understand is it doesn't really make any difference. What the Massachusetts legislature does because the state Supreme Court. There's already said that a civil unions calling it other names calling it. Hey, pala. And then he cut it. Call it Fred. Right. And that's not got to cut it. And then nothing short of equal marriage rights is going to. So they can pass all the laws they want. They can have all those crazy bubble thumping idiots out there. I was reading it one article about how a lot of these people are like falling on the ground with their hands, praying to God, you know, all these religious nuts about how Sodomy and Gamori is going to come back. And I was thinking of Edna Wallace on passions, you know, Oh, Angel she's always falling on the floor, you know, putting her hands to the end. Oh, Angel's in. And of course, he's a crazy person. So you see the connection there. Religious nut, crazy person. Same people redundant. Right. WQAM. Hello. Hey, what's going on? How you doing, pala? I was doing okay. Well, I love you. So you're picking up and I'm standing like a fucking crazy actress. Right. You know, it's really the fighting to me. But all this going on in the world right now, all this stuff about the Janet Jackson, this cultural war, we're going to get into. Right. I'm excited to Canada. It's a run-in for cover. You know, they're not talking about it. They don't want to bring it up. They're great. The free, the Christian craze. You have a couple of them, though. They're not. No one has got the ball to stand up and say, You know, Only people are having the ball to do it. Are people like Michael Moore, who are running for public office? And why not? That's a good question. Why won't you have the office? You know? I want those people to like the editors and the Michael Moore. Why don't they stand up and put their police out there. And run for freaking out. They run their mouth, but they don't do anything. Yeah, but do you realize what they would do to Michael more. 10 seconds when they would just as credit him and all while he said this and he said that he's. He's too. are over the you know listen he's way too far over the edge for mainstream America this point well you know what they'll get that there's a certain level of that that okay just because on the religious point i agree with you he is not over the over the edge on that part but on some of the other police say they're yet but but the market's not ready for my come or yet i share tell them and you are but a mercies not for the problem is not so much that the aspect of what my come or believe the part of the religious police okay and it's overall it's the overall picture it's the the part of the conservative party you know and the whole country is based on this you know which still so i can't believe how and on we really are the country when the whole capital has helped me you would you would you would have thought that in a couple uh... have intercourse on the stage in the middle of the super well that tv s kept focusing on it and uh... and then promoted it uh... for repeat next Sunday i mean and they hysteria's unbelievable it's scary and and and i like to say i can see myself to be concerned when i come by political but the problem is that when stuff like this happened you go looking to one god i got to get out of this party i need to move some more health there's no one to because they all are stuck into it well i don't know when you find one good luck with pali fifty seven five sixty q a m and more f we can't show us pictures and then finally along with craft you know what i said of the cr consistency so Stop all keep strapping, everyone. Roll another plate. Yeah. Oh God. La la la la la la La la la La la la La la la La la la Look she's la la la La la la La la la Yeah. I was gonna clean my room I feel like I'm not I was gonna clean up and find the room But then I got nothing Oh, la la La la la La la la You messed up and I know why Why, why, why, why, why You messed up and I got nothing You messed up and I got nothing La la la I was gonna go to class before I got nothing Come on, y'all. I could've cheated and I could've passed But I got nothing Oh, la la I'm telling that it's a mess And I know why Why, why, why, why Because I got nothing You could've like I'm You could've like I'm I could've been there You could've been there I was gonna go to court You'll be like I'm Oh, I was gonna pay my child support But then I got nothing No, you went Yeah, la la La la I'm gonna go to class before I got nothing Oh, la la I got nothing You could've like I'm La la I wasn't gonna run from the cops But I was half I'm serious, man I was gonna go right over and stop But I was half La la I'm a hero, please check And I know why Why, why, why Because I got nothing You could've like I'm La la la I was gonna make love to you Oh, la la I was gonna sing I was gonna need you Oh, la la La la I'm Jack and I And I know why I'm a hero, please check I could've like I'm You could've like I'm I could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm You could've like I'm I would've say Let's say let's say let's say it Now we're needing to Stay in the side one And I know why We're making it Cause I got You could've like I'm You could've like I'm La la I was stopping in The song because i'm sucked Oooh they love Staying in this whole They're off the I'm Get him fincing guns to his friends & I was just watching Mega Lamanian. Can't put that Hitler stuff on her man and first of where it says that it's got the big Jesus safe sign in the back. Bad messages for our young people. Thank you for skitting on there. Any of my amy says, a big important? It's already there. Oh, should I have trained? And 95 is correct. That was her first hit. She qualifies. Lush and I have trained. She got screwed at the Grammys by the way because June Carter Cash is dead. I say. Andy says you mentioned Afroman earlier. Haven't played him in a while. That's why I just played him. That's another band bit. Not yet, but wait till tomorrow, Andy. It's right. Anything's going to be banned. I don't know what it's going to take. I think there's going to be a revolution in America. I believe so Jefferson said there was going to have to be. Who's the best recording artist or group in the past 10 years? That's why we're action today on the O'Rages. Doug Com. Dave Matthews band unfortunately is leading 24. I said they get a lot of votes in they are. Cash second place unfortunately with 19. I don't have a pilot's 10-lic in part 10. Nor are Jones 9. The full fighter 7. Beyonce's got 7. Viguen's. Cole play 7. Kid Rock 6. M&M 6. Av. Av. Lavine. She's not a great singer, but she's a great entertainer. She's a great entertainer. She's a great entertainer. Sean Paul 3. Nelly Prototo 3. System of a down 3. Limb biscuit. Three. That's not how you used to say name it a group, but I don't think what a set in a moment. I like train. Train 1. And no votes yet for disturb. Queens of the Stone Age. The white stripes that darkness. Inkeybis. Or should I train out of 128. Somebody says dream theater. Okay. All top graduates of Berkeley School of Music. Unlike most others on your list of align gimmicks and looks. Dream theater. Elmer says. They probably won't get any votes. But the best band to come out of the past 10 years is Interpol. Are you making growing sounds? I was doing Elmer because he said Elmer says. Oh. Oh, what a dwarf. George would probably enjoy it. And they've been compared to past rates like Jewish vision and velvet on a ground very big in New York City in Europe. But for the most part in America, of course, they remain fairly obscure. But I expect from a cut you believe just in Tinkerbrella's a talented recording artist. Excellent poet Elmer. Excellent outstanding. And now the fact that just absolutely tickles my rectum. But that's just amazing. This has to be a joke, doesn't it? Say it to joke. Although it's from a hospital and maybe it's a mental hospital. It says the best recording artist for the past 10 years is Celine Dion. Yeah. Look for her on your okay. Let's put that nasty bitch on her. Celine Dion. Even though she's been around for like 30 years. She has. Sure. Come on. Look her. Oh, and Dion. She's doing hits in French like since 1950. She was doing hits. Yeah. Oh, no, not. Not Celine Dion. Okay, I hope you're right because I was biased that. Who knows? Maybe I'm losing. In fact, I don't know anybody who likes her. Though she's hearing cannabis, which is where she's from. Everybody, let's see here right. 90 once. She don't qualify. Don't pull up. She blows. Okay. She blows her nose. Yeah. She blows her hose. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I can't believe Lincoln Park's only got 10. What do they know, huh? See, now he's for Tottergy here about two seconds of that. Yes. WCWM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, look at that. No, that ain't give a video. It's just great, huh? Outstanding. I'd like especially with that St Hitler. Mm-hmm. Out of his part, I got another group. He sure could dance. Good, yeah. Yeah. Do it for the funny. Any of his parties he was doing a Kazazki? In Luchos in their twosel. That makes it a matter of, I would like to propose two. Okay. I noticed he paused there because he thought I'd probably hang up. Go ahead. In the past ten years, two. Yes? That's grew in the last ten years. Well, we can say it. Put it on there. No, two. Something in close. Okay. Two feet. See, what do you say? Two. Oh, tool. He didn't articulate very well. Okay. Two. He had a keepsaint. Two. Two. I'll put it right over here, man. We got it on there. Right? You got it on? We got the tool on there. Do you got you? Five, six, seven, five, six. Do you used to work for guy named Bill? Two. Remember what he called in the IOD that day? No. Long time ago, what is checkered pants? He's the youngest guy ever knew who wore checkered pants and occasionally lime green pants on a trade out, of course. Five, six, seven, oh five. That's the pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. 2 AM, hello. Two. Yes, sir. There's an excellent group out there in the last 10 years called Angel Dust. Basically, European HRHM group, very much like, very much like deeper pull the new Millennium. Really? Okay. We got it. Thanks, Pat. You got your Angel Dust? Don't like red fine out about it. He'll steal it. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60. pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Any other entries coming in for the Hot Couples contest? We got 14 or 15 already. We're doing pretty good. I set you off a couple more since the show started, I think. No, you didn't. Okay. I just checked the one thing you sent me and we already had seen it. So I don't think you sent me anything like brand new. Eric is, he's like light years ahead of you. He's like, don't ask me how. WQAM, hello. QAM? QAM? Yeah. Contest line? Yes, sir. How about radiohead now? Radiohead. Okay. Good choice. Ready? Thanks, Pat. Five, six, seven. Let's just tell you what else is put on much music. We'll play all the music all day. All right. That's the only way people in South Florida are going to hear any good music. You sure won't hear it on FM in South Florida. Oh, the worst crap I know we've been through to a million times. Let me guess how many music channels I got here. Bob, third man. He goes in icons, rock in a row. Love or hate too. Much about, on our gay, gay. There we go. And Greek, eh? Let's put him on there for kicks. Come on. Who? And Greek, eh, Glacius. He hasn't been around more than 10 years. Has he? You told me. No. And we, gay. He's just 15 for crying our lives. I think in we, gay, hasn't been around more than that. Although we, I'd played his stuff on, I would do tonight. Yes. But that isn't, and now, put in we, gay, Glacius. He's nobody who would have he was. They still don't. Well, he's a big man. He's big. He's a hell of a singer. Oh, not somewhere. Okay. Put him on. You'll see some of your people of O'Fourm. Some of your people. Some of your people. Right. Right. He's drilling glory holes at Westland in the T-Roman KC. Penny's all day. That's right. There you go. You're psychic. That's it. You got it. Just hear thumb on it. Nothing. And always a good idea. All you kids up there listening in all those high schools because you want to see those naked pictures on our website. Always a good idea. Have a portable, nomadic drill in your back pocket. Just in case, right. Battery operated. The 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WDQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's right. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. Get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 Lone Your payments are a mere 334 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 Lone, you pay only 608 a month. Can't beat it. And don't forget once you be finance. I get you a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So column 2 day and get all the info. There's no obligation called 1-800-940Land in hotbombos. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dot fees. Zero closing costs even when you move to another property. And get that unbelievably low financing rate of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from the financial group. Never pay closing costs again with this deal. column 2 day toll free at 1-800-940Land. That's 1-800-940L-END. There were equal housing lender restrictions apply. Rate submitted to change monthly 4.21 APR. 5. The low cost is 60560. The rate is all yours. You win. Is that all? That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do. That's all you do for TV. That's all you do. That's all you do. but oh You turned. Love an idea that 560 WQ and we left somebody out that you're going to be free and for a story about a thousand groups I'll put that to you. I'm going to hold you right in the sun and find how much. I'll give you a clue who we left out. I know you like this group. You would fold the baby to an enlightened Wisconsin and please don't tell anyone that I am because you. You and me, baby, let's do it like the Kennedy's. I'll drown you in my crew like a angel contact me. You and me, baby, can do it like the Donna and have a Latino gang bang it You and me, baby, can do it like the one. That's all good. It's Britney. She's Britney. Britney music isn't putting it on like two o'clock in the morning. Oh, crap. She not only talks, she's just about naked. You haven't seen this video? No, that yeah. I don't hear a song with a border. Set your alarm for 1 a.m. I think toxic qualifies to get Brittany on her even though she can't sing crochetment, but nevertheless if Beyonce can be on her because she looks hot, how about Brittany? She's about 10 times hotter and Beyonce able to dream of being right? No question. And you really haven't seen this video. Of course, where were you seated except on much easier? She's wearing nothing. My favorite. She's wearing like silver glitz on her body like a little glitz. And then some glitz on her. No, rhymes with glitz. This week fits. Schmidt. I think I need to take a few. And anyway, even on the maze by that, it's 1121 at 560 WQM. You watch CNN in case the world starts falling apart. I'm going to watch all the, uh, our mother will live a day. It's pecanie week. A shrubber request has some teeth off. I noticed the umptious Michael Mayo, my good close personal friend, Michael Amail Vitz, whatever his name is. Road to column about this this morning. If you work for the Broward County Public Defenders office, your investment options include the career of your boss's golf teacher. Public defender, Al Shriber's asking his 167 lawyers, clerks, secretaries, investigators and other employees who invest in the future of his daughter's boyfriend, Craig Pauling, by helping him to pay to play in the National Golf Association Hooters pro golf tour, speaking of Hooters. Pauling was also helping Shriber polish his game as well known would be golf champion who's played on the golf channel show the big break. In an email message sent to his staff last week, Shriber asked for a minimum of $100 from each employee and a seeking a total of 50 grand to help keep Pauling on the road for a year. He signed the message, the boss man. Shriber denied that he was forcing his employees to give Pauling money. I'm doing nothing wrong. I told everybody if you want to participate fine, if you don't find again, Shriber said, have you with us an investment because he would be inclined to share any winnings? Shriber, wow. It's, you know, now here's what I'm going to do with the Michael Jackson thing. Let me take a couple more calls, quit it. And I'm going to read like a section at a time. It's just too long and vanity fair, but you got to hear it. I trust me. All right. How many QA and hello? Yes sir. Yes, this is not WIRD. WDWL, oh FF. All right. What's your call? The two and stone temple pilots need to come off. The two old. They're two old? Yeah, the two old. That's, they got to check a production date. I think they're like 92, 93. And my name is Graham. Yeah. And my vote would be for a poison the well. Poison the well? Poison the well. That's what I just said, poison the well? That's correct. Okay, thanks, Pally. Thank you, bud. Okay. See, got to take off those two stone temple pilots. Take it old. Huh? We're taking them off. Take them off. Take them off there. This guy knows this crap. That's pretty obvious. You know this is W-I-O-D. This is Graham. Oh, we're out of grade. Michael Jackson's favorite band, Boys in the Well. I see. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yes sir. Shackina. Shackina is great. We lost it here. Yeah. Oh, lover. See, even I'm obsessed with it long before you ever heard of Shakira. I'm not that true. That is true. No. That's right. You had to like her stuff that wasn't big hit. It's quite your finish. I had both her Spanish language records because I was so obsessed. See. Okay. Anyway, can I better do it now? Michael Jackson refers to white wine as Jesus, and red wine as Jesus blood. He refers to the perfers, the juice, and usually drinks out of soda cans so that nobody will know he's consuming booze. In and out of rehab over the years for additions to demoral and morphine, the king of pop also habitually gulp down soda cans of wine, especially when he was on airplanes. On a flight to Frankfurt, 1999 for example, his former business advisor, Myeongholi, who was accompanying him, had to help the staggering Jackson stand up to get off the plane. He was lying on the floor by the time we landed, he says, I told security, can't get drunk like that on white wine, and the security people said that it's not only wine but that he takes pills with it. The incident may be telling because in January, Michael Jackson was a ramed on seven counts of child molestation and two counts of administering and intoxicating agent with intent to commit a felony between February 7th and March 10th of last year at Neverland, his 2700 acre rant near Santa Barbara, which is converted into a mini Disney land for kids. The boy inquested in the case of cancer victim who was 13 at the time, alleges that Jackson gave him wine in coke cans on a flight from Florida in February 2003, run under the nose of the boy's unsuspecting mother. The boy knows Jackson's name for white red and white wine, which Lisa's only his inner people know, adding that it tells you the boy spent quality time with Michael. The boy and his siblings have a verb said that all the kids around Michael knew about Jesus Jews and that he told them Jesus drank it so it must be good. Lisa, he's not surprised at the boy's allegations, Lee was rejection in Tokyo in 1998 when Jackson announced with the great fanfare a new venture with the Japanese consortium to open three theme parks and a change of stories called Wonder World of Toys that would stretch across Japan. The project failed almost immediately according to Lee because of what happened to the 13 year old son of one of Jackson's Japanese partners. During this time, Michael took the boy to a theme park one evening. One of Jackson's people gave Michael three cans, soda cans full of Jesus Jews, later that evening the boy became sick, security informed that he appeared drunk when he came back and his father was very upset. In the current case, the trip to Boyna's family made the Florida coincided with the airing of the British documentary on ABC last year in which Jackson now 45 told interview Martin Bashir that there was nothing wrong with showing his bedroom little boys. It was a very brazen thing for Jackson to admit given the fact that in Los Angeles in 94, he had had to pay $25 million to Jordi Chandler in his family in order to settle a civil suit in which Jordi then 13 charged Jackson had masturbated and filated hindering their relationship, which ironically also included a trip to Florida. Similarities in Michael Jackson's modus operand, between the latest bizarre scandal and the one that preceded it a bow and right out of the tactics of intimidation and the controversial use of the nation of Islam for security. In 1993, our members of the Tufts South Central LA gangs, including the notorious bloods, were transported to Neverland. The employer of these Tufts was said to have sent a strong message to Neverland employees so might have considered cooperating in the Jordi Chandler investigation not to mention these subliminal messages you gave out to other boys and their families who might have been thinking of coming forward. When 70 members of the Senate of Harvard County Sheriff's Department of D.A. office including a team of forensic experts invaded Neverland last November 18 while Jackson was in Vegas, they have already spent five months investigating the child's allegations. Although Jackson was repeatedly taken by a surprise, cops with search warrant also went to the homes of more places of Jackson employees and private investigator named Bradley Miller, his high-powered and expensive criminal attorney Margaragos, had already been on the case since February, a curiosity in itself since no criminal charges had yet been filed. And that's enough for right now. It goes on forever. It'll make you puke. That's all I can tell you. It'll make you very angry and make you puke and realize that it's all just what you think it is. 28 after a lot of it is 5.60. WCM don't forget guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday right around the corner. But you're not given about flowers again this year because man there did not know time at all. So if you want to get nothing in return, your flowers are truckered. If you want to get something good or return, here's the answer for you. Three words to keep in mind for Montana bear. Send to a bear gram at work like maybe the Leperboy bear. The love bandet bearer, the new All-Star Valentine, dressed like a sports fan. But it gets there should be completely shocked. You'll say, Oh my God. And Oliver Coerker's will think you're the greatest guy because you said an original thought will give. Then maybe you should give me the gift that you're hoping in praying and Jones in four. Just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear. Council will help you choose the perfect bear through Valentine's Live it and a free with a free chocolate in their famous gift box. It only takes five minutes to order overnight to deliver to the homer orifices guaranteed. I said orifice again, I apologize. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at vermontetibird.com. Send your Valentine the creative alternate flowers this year. And let me say it again. You still got time. Call 1-800-829 bear right now. And tell me, crusty old Neo-Tority to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. I'm glad you're here. We're supposed to be a fancy school. You a-M. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. You have just wasted your vote. Again, pull the lever forward, Howard Dean. Oh, I... Carry networks, kick this butt, big time. Love you can the day behind. Oh, oh Dean, voter. I believe this campaign is all done. Absolutely. Oh Dean, voter. Billy, he even became a member of the army. Oh, he was flying high before I was. Then he grabbed that mic and screamed. That's when he scared everyone away. Ah! I think we can't forget Howard Dean. Oh Dean, voter. Who are you both for now that you guys drink? Oh Dean, voter. He's a loser and now so you. It's a level 34. I got a couple more. Because I didn't actually watch a music that I like. Sam Roberts. He's Canadian, eh? You don't like Sam Roberts? Who? Oh my god. Woo! Sam Roberts and what about Nickelback? Okay. That's spelled NICK-ELC. There's a couple more for you. Let's see, here's one that says I'm a jury and body to spring. You can pass anytime, Jerry, you're one of the best. Sorry for facting today's Norho, how I know today's poll is going to be music. I wouldn't have passed yesterday about the movies. I'd like to suggest the counting crows for today's poll. Their first C, August and everything after was released in September 2003. Technically, they aren't in the last 10 years. It's been 10 years and five months. That's okay. Let's count the counting crows. Are we counting the counting crows? We're just putting them. No, not to like them. Well, I don't care whether you like them or not, see? They're like they've Matthews. Matthews, but they've Matthews. Bad is kicking an an, I know. Just thought of us. I might have. And I totally would. Fifty nine votes. The best recording artist or group of the past. I can't believe you never heard of Sam Roberts. It's a great. Who? He's great. He was Canadian. That's it. Better help. Okay. They've Matthews. Fifty nine outcast. Twenty two M&M. Seventeen. I don't know. Norho Jones. Sixteen. Coldplay. Fifteen. One radio hit twelve. Beyonce's got eight. Kidrock eight. Avril Lavigne's got six. She and I have twins got six. All right. What did she get screwed huh? And you would like to have seen it. Okay. For Thomas got six. White stripes five. Shakira's got four. We love Shakira. What's that? In English. Olympus get four. Sean Paul four. System of down three. A train three. Two. I thought we were taking two off of there. I. Let's get rid of that tool. Inkey was two. Disturb two one darkness one. Dream theater one. A super grass. Super grass. You got any. Yeah. What about Angel Dust one. Sorry. And we can't glacis one. And no votes yet for Queens of Estonia. The Bloodhound gang have none. Shame on you. Oh, they just what other. Poison the well. Sam Roberts and Nickelback just went on or two out of two forty five. Say Roberts. Pretty embarrassing when I know a good group that you never heard of before. And they're not just big and candid. You're good all the way to all here. Okay. After bottom by his CD today, just to prove it to you. Okay. Great. Not good. Great. Anyway, in fact, the same Roberts was at the, you know, the big Rolling Stones thing we had here last. There was last year. Yeah, last these SARS recovered concert. Correct. He was one of the many, many performers. Well, you heard some of that. Okay. Who else was in that? There. Oh, my, how much of people? Anyway. Mike said, what? Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Mike says, if you listen to the magical voice of Josh Growman. No. Have you? No. Have you ever heard such a voice simply magically. He sang during the tribute to Columbia shuttles after I was part of the Super Bowl. His album is number one of the Billboard charts. My Josh Growman. Or that is certainly heard of it. Well, put him on. There's somebody on the list. Here's Frank who says, Oh, Frank's got a whole bunch of him again. Shame on you, Frank. You did bad. It says it's hard to determine only one. But some of the events are made a good impact. I'm going to be recently three doors down. Puddle of mud with who these? Yes. Adima with an A in 70 and Todd. Okay. We're not asking. Do you know the questions? Who, pod? The pod. The pod. What does that mean? Pable on the delivery or on death. Pable on death. Pable on death. In other words, you'll be accountable to God when you die, Kevin. I see. Well, we're not going to put no Christian group. We're going to have something for the name. Go ahead. Mark. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Even he's got something on there. They're big and spite of their food. Magic. I see. Okay. We're getting a gigantic list built there from the last 10 years. Don't be given a sunny old time. It's joined Joe and Mark tonight. 10 PM to midnight. At the Sandbar in a grow stop. I enjoy $3.00 and best lights. Plus you can win tickets and t-shirts. I'll take it to what? Mal, you'll find out when you go there. That's a 10 o'clock tonight. The Sandbar in a grow with the lovely Joe and Mark, who are on a course 2 to 5 an A and right here on QAM. 21 till noon. We got the mad. Let's see. The schedule is almost pretty pristine to me. The mad dog at two. The Willie Williams show has been postponed until they let him out. The hump will be on it for. Panther preview with 7. Panthers have won 2 in a row. I'll tell you. Roberto Lung was playing so great. What a shame that nobody in South Florida really appreciates him or hockey or anything else. And by the way, the rule changes they want to make really sad to me. It's most of them pathetic. Anyway, Peng was at the Panthers. Should be a give me two points tonight. Come on boys. Let's make a three in a row. Although the islanders tied Dallas over time last night. 4. So let's see. What's the difference now? Is it 9 points? Huh? 61. 1. 52. I think the average of 9 head of the Panthers for that last play all spot. Any K-Follows the a hockey game, Joe and Mark, like I just said overnight. I'm on the end. This is sports winning in five six. You way, yeah. Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC. Dr. Burnham? A scrub as a guy that thinks he's fly. Also known as a bustle. Always talking about what he wants. Just hit some broke ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub as a guy that can't get no love from me. Hang out with the passenger side of his best friends ride. Try and holla at me. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no no. No scrub. No no. No. No no no. No no. Got some bad news for you. What? What? Um, mispluged of course. Who would be the one, although it before he had it. The National and Quarra headed on the cover of this week's issue. Which I have a schedule as you would have talking about. Um, John Kerry's secret life exposed affairs with stars, drug abuse and plastic surgery. Uh, and now mispluged breathlessly reports with like a screaming police or flashing light on the top of his website. Historically, a frantic behind the scenes dramas unfolding around Senator Kerry and his quest to lock up the democratic nomination for president campaign drama Rocks Democrats Kerry fights off media probe original is infidelity rivals predict ruin. You ready for that? No. Got a y'all who, I think, look at this thing. He's got the light flashing like a lunatic like somebody just stuck a hot right up his back dome and I'm sure would be the first time. Do you ready for that? No, not. In an off the record conversation with a dozen reporters earlier this week general Wesley Clark plainly stated, Kerry will implode over an intern issue. Kerry commotion is why Howard Dean has turned increasingly aggressive against Kerry a recent days and is the key reason why Dean reversed his decision not to drop out of the race after Wisconsin. Top campaign sources tell the, uh, a fudge pack report. A serious investigation of the woman and the nature of a relationship with Senator John Kerry has been underway at time magazine ABC News, the Washington Post and the associated press where the person questioned why I'm questioned once word ready for that? No. So here we go again. Time to get your passport boys and girls. Wow. Just breathlessly would lights flashing and would just forming at the moment. How much did Richard Malon's pay for this one, baby? Just plastering it. I hope his girlfriend there in New York hope she's really proud of me, you know? So I got a bitch. Faghag. Yeah, here it is in the inquiry like I said I didn't bother with this. Should we take a peek at it? I got some more bad news. All of us are going to be looking so great. Yeah. The fact you just sent me. Yeah. You asked representative Robert Wetchley, Democrat of Boko filed a lawsuit. Well, his lawsuit seeking to require electronic voting machines to produce a paper trial was this trail was dismissed yesterday. When a Palm Beach County judge ruled he did not have standing to sue. If five lawsuits against Florida Secretary of State Glenn Hood and Palm Beach County supervised elections to resell up poor the anxious one, claiming the use of machines that don't produce paper duplicates of the voter cast violates voter rights. Without that paper trail, a manual recount isn't possible, but sir judge Karen Miller ruled yesterday that Wetchley didn't have the staying the file of suit. And since he couldn't prove either as a citizen or public officially been hurt by the voting system, Wetchley's complaints would be better addressed to the legislative remedies her office said. How you like that? I don't. Nozzi getting. Let's see, David says, couldn't get your yesterday want to nominate elephant man as the most depressing movie ever. Good choice. Yeah. For today's poll infectious grooves says David. Best banded last 10 years easy will co says somebody else. Roger. How about your pardon? We got it. And we're going to tell us the John Kerry stuff during the next break. I'm going to have to go through this stuff. Because evidently, it's on a verge of bursting loose. Now he's not going to be embarrassing and humiliating. What do we do now? What do we do now? Part. Loan Ranger. We drop act 10 yards and I guess we just punt. That's with a P. Yeah. The nervous. Don't turn us in. I said, punt with a P. I can't find me. I may maybe somebody else stole it all out of my inquire. Oh, no. I sure is how I'm not going to go over it. Oh, here it is. Wow. John Kerry secret life. The plastic surgery. The marijuana used the affairs with stars. First wife, Judith Thorne and minutes. She's let a lonely life and contemplated suicide while she was married to Kerry. His conquest allegedly include Dana Delaney, Morgan Fairchild and Catherine Oxenberg and there were many others. John Kerry is so vain that one former girlfriend says he always wanted to make love where he could see himself in the mirror. That's the telling revelation of a political insider. Spoken in Quarra's part of an in-depth investigation of the democratic presidential firm on his colorful and controversial secret life. While Kerry has worked hard to nurture a straight-era war hero image, the inquire of provis on covered shocking details about the senator. He's an admitted pot smoker with an eye for the ladies and is dated to I just got to tell you who. He fooled and had yet an unmore demonstrate his in the thinking he threw away his military medals during a protest. He's had plastic surgery at least once while who cares. Although his Irish sounding name has served him well among his many Irish constituents and Massachusetts, he's actually from Jewish roots. Uh-oh. Oh, oh. Voters will be amazed to know about the real John Kerry said a source in Washington. He is not all that he appears to be. And the political insider was followed Kerry's career for years. He said he's coming with a lot of baggage. He's so vain the first time he took Hollywood star Dana Delaney home. His big move was showing her video clips taken of him in the Navy while it was in Vietnam. She never went out with him again. He dated Morgan Fairchild and Michelle Phillips and they've been both disbanded. Oh, they both donated what the Democratic candidates in this year's election. What does that tell you what they think of him now? In other words, other candidates running against him? It says Kerry could compete with Bill Clinton as a womanizer, but guess what? Seems to be Clinton won two terms, then he. Right. Between his two marriages, he was notorious for hitting the singles bars in Boston and Washington with a posse of wealthy friends. Kerry. Yep. Even if he was married, a gorgeous 20-year-old blonde was spotted leaving his Boston townhouse in September 1998 while his wife was in there and then tuck it. Oh, and I got a great line for that, but that's the way things are going right now. Let's just let it go. Earl says, India, are we? I kind of in the Shadeh mode folk folk soul. Don't get a lot of radio play after I think the suspect of music is too deep and thought per-booking for today's studio artis. I mean studio products is Earl. Okay, Earl, you got it. Laura J. who's a little bit testy about our poll today. Little bit told me at the mouth kind of Laura. Just calm down Laura. Please qualify with the song. Please qualify with the statement means. Who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years? Is that a complicated question? I understand. Well, fair is even lower. Pardon? It says I just thought it was music. I know it was a spot. If you look at billboard, you'll see that Celine Dion is one of the top recording artists of the last 10 years. Her career began to pick after her titanic hit my heart will go on. In 1997, and Skyrocketed after that, that's what within the last 10 years. Well, if you meant to say, who do you think is the best recording artist or group whose career began only in the past 10 years? That's entirely different. Well, of course, that's obviously what we meant. See, right, obvious. We shouldn't have had to see who began only last 10 years. Who do you think is the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years? That's pretty obvious. We're talking about newcomers. And we've made reference to that how many times each hour? About 30 minutes. Laura? Now, if you don't like her, that's fine. No, I don't. I don't like her. I'm a advisor. I find her nauseating, revolting. She makes me want to get out of my hands in these and all fours and just pick all over to floor several times. So, he says it's your show and you certainly can do whatever you want. Thank you, Laura. But I would like to participate put in one vote, even if that's all it is based in how I interpret the original question. But that isn't the question, see? Because there's no one on that list that's far from my would vote. Well, then see, Laura. Sorry. Yeah, come back another day and play. I mean, there's no law that says you have to participate in our pool. So, I look against who we left out. Let's listen to what we left out. Let's listen to what we left out. That's nice child. How can I forget to leave off for a whole time? But I'm trying to be fair now, since we're putting groups under that I'm, you know, that we aren't all that created. It's not a question of who we'd like right, because who we like the audience so like anyway. But that's the answer to how we forget. Right, we're trying to forget. It was suburbable. How do you like that carry stuff, huh? Carry stuff. There's a lot of you. No, don't worry. Yeah. Yeah, well, we got the daily death report. I don't have time for that. I'll save it for tomorrow. Thanks again, death man, but I'll save that. Just too much of a, too heavy of a plate. So I could have a buffet and loading it up. And now this care, all these strokes. Adrian says the strokes. Okay. Not the strokes. I want to see the crew stroke. It's he's exposing her nip right on our website there. And then we got the Howard Dean. So now we're starting to find out what's going on behind the scenes. And now we know how we're dealing with a, he said, well, I'm going to quit. And the next minute he said, not so fast. He got it in Vets, copy. Now we're finding out that maybe there's something going on behind the screen is a scene. Wow. Isn't this going to be humiliating and burasing and degrading? Lovely. And with the way they got to fly you have to go. I know you don't want to do it. But you just have to go to the Fudge Report. I don't want to do it. I know. I want you to do it. I'm not going to do it. Because he is just he's got to be squeezing himself so hard that there's blood spreading. Go to the M.A. His fat room, which is probably where he's hanging out. I don't want to be part of that. No, no, you have to look at it. You must see this. Look at the flashing light. Like a police light. You don't want to cop car. The bubble gum. You see it? Regiment Report.com. And then if you go. Campaign drama Rocks Democrats carry fights off media probe of recent leisure fidelity. Rivals predict ruin. Ruin. I just bad news, but ruin. Boy. I'm not getting my bubble gum machine. You're not? No, it's loading. It's slow loading. Oh my god. Mine popped right up. And the website too. Oh, there it is. Does it have audio? No. This it have audio. Boy, what a buzz. Oh, I'm not fucking my fudge report. Well, there's color there. Oh, yeah. On the ball. It is like a little tiny bit of color like somebody peed on it or like some red. A little inc on it. That's about as colorful as you ever get on that crap website. Oh, but I had 80 brilliant hits. Yeah, taking into this mat. Shmuck. So there you go. There, Rubbin, there are hands in their legs together like a grasshopper right now. Seeing that carry is going down. But you know something? If this all comes about. If it comes about, that means that Edward is going to be the man. Okay. When you think, I'll take it. I see a ticket of Edward's and Dick Gibhard. Or Edward's in West Clark. Sure. Got it? That sounds good. Not Howard Dean. Howard Dean. I tried to salvage himself with the fact is that long before any of the surfers, he's proven himself to be a real loser in more ways than one. Plus he's got that. Me as wife. Yeah. It's Kate. Be careful that you say, Kate. Kate. 11. 56. Four minutes still noon on it. Just spashed it day here at QA. Why? And local. Here's sports video. 5. 62. 2. Yeah. This Dick Gibhard. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the meal Friday of November. The food in Milwaukee Cheese arrived last Tuesday,ines and milk extremely juicy. And he threw a sheet muscles up tomorrow. And when he threw it before the food was delicious it was delicious. He throw or<|fa|> against the tube. Put the clay in the horse weighing. cervical fatty. And I think you start sat bis Taking the roof. So walking fast in the vegetation Man are you where the fisherman and water. This ball is a whole month, indeed. Wait a moment. Get ready for the conjurer back in here! No, he's lost his dignity. И you never tell your siblings how to thank all the girls F grade them! I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too much. The town is now and I'm coming clean. I like my boys with cherry pink cream. The boys on the heels say they may be in peace. Or we're getting sucked by that two time and leaps. Kinda hard, I can't break these legit. If you didn't spin, they must be quick. When my friend is over in town, they're blow. I'm just a hell of a reed like I'll potato. Never slip a hill, read the dollar, no. He's over-gith. Busy with january. No. So get out of here, the one told me a bump. I'm out of got sucked by the hint night come. Stand the death, money can take it that stand. Scoot me gentle bum, if can understand. Get out of there. Hey, you need to get so messy. I can't beat the silly. You need to get me. I can't beat the silly. I can't beat the silly. You need to get me. I can't beat the silly. I can't beat the silly. I can't beat the silly. Sticking into the girl with ten stitches, You're being dabbing by your black men and white. We said the first thing you've read. Clean it. We had two permanent friends. I got a little secret. I'm ready to admit it. So I can't stop doing an indirect trip. Checking out the booties I've read into the crowd. Poor everybody. I'm letting my pants. Mmm. Giraffe. Probably 3-5-60WQ. And this is a traumatic day, isn't it? Yeah, I guess. Unbelievable. Spastic. Steve says how about adding rascal flats to your pool? There are country bands that they're great. Well, why don't I not? We didn't say what kind of music. Right. But I want to get Laura all upset against Los Angeles and other facts. Maybe she's over there. I want to fast Laura Ingram, you think? Very good. Probably. Steve, Steve Orpan. I mean, they've Matthew's band. Sorry. What do you think was the best recording artist or group of the past 10 years? We're talking about people that just came to be known in the last 10 years. Right. Not people have been around 100 years old, trolls like Celine Dion, okay? Dave Matthew's band 75 outcast 26 radiohead 25, MNM 21, Nora Jones 19. The food fighters have got, what have they got? 19. Should I have 2019, cool play 16? Like in part 15, kid rock 10. Beyonce 9. You want me to taste things? I'm a Levine 7, my wife's 7, Ellie for 106, and it's a single dish down from there. So what about the carry thing? What do we do now? Not that. Drop back about 15 yards, pun, and watch that ball as much as her to balls roll. I mean, just psychotic hysterical. The food report, foaming it them out at all body parts, spewing all kinds of green ooze out of his back. Wow. Tell me to QA and hello. Hey, Newport. Yes sir. Matchbox 20. Matchbox 20 is a good choice. All right, cool. Good. Thanks. Thanks, Kelly. How come you didn't think of my box 20? I don't know. They might be older than 10 years, but let me look. Yeah. Better run for a long time. No. Be right here. Amitated and duplicated Matchbox 20. And palpitated? See. How about Gordon Lifewood? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Let's see. Matchbox, how about Sarah McLaughlin? There you go. What's wrong with her? Nothing. What's not to like about Sarah McLaughlin? She's Canadian, eh? I'm beginning to think everybody's Canadian. All the good things are like us. All the one? All the good people. Right. This is a few straight people here. But third man. Let's see. Dave Man's used ban. Who am I looking for? That's box 20. Oh, matchbox 20. No, you're wrong. There from Orlando. Did you know that? No, I didn't. Oh, no. Oh, no. What? Rob Thomas? Yeah. Of course. Is he smooth? He is a smoothie. Like I said, bad choice. But they do qualify because in 1997 they had push in 97. All right. So on they go. Rob Thomas? Oh my god. I'm so sorry. I know that they like they don't say his name without saying that. What do you mean by that? There was like when that Santa Santa song came out. Oh, which matchbox 20's Rob Thomas. Rob Thomas. Oh, I'm sorry. If I ever hit that one more time, I'm going to shoot somebody in the foot anyway. 5 670 560 pound 560 on a A. K. K. K. K. And Verizon. Oh, no. Why are we just lying? Come in to Q. A. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I do it. Hey, I do it. Hey, I do it. Hey, I do it. How can it's the four of the right nighting one night. You got to take that one off. How can't it's old? They have a job like a nighting. Anyone? Oh, my god. Well, that'll be good news. Thanks a lot. If we get them off of there. Whenever good. Yeah. I would be delighted to get them off my list. Automatically. I got cast. I don't. I don't think so. How cast? 94. Well, the first hit was 94. That's 10 years. Leave money. Yeah. I've started dealing around in 91. But they're first hit was 94. That's what counts. When they came into prominence, when somebody actually heard of him, see what I'm saying? 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Don't forget, Joanne Joanne Markton, I had 10 PM to midnight in the Sand Bar at the Grove period. Stop out of enjoy $3.00. Best in Best Life, plus enjoy a chance to win tickets and t-shirts at the 10th night. Sand Bar in the Grove. I've got so much crap pile up here. I'm a wee bit of this stuff. Does anybody care? No. I'll join Mark by care. WQAM. Hello. Okay, if I think I'm out in 94. How big are you, Pern? Okay, I actually have the first album in 94. That's why I just say, yeah. Sorry about that. Did I use it? Okay, then. 560, 705, 60. Well, let's see, 2004 and 94 and it was July by the way, which this is only February last time I checked. Ain't that like right about 10 years? Yeah. Okay. I'm just checking if my math is correct. I mean, that could be wrong, a mold in Fibral. Let's see, Pearl Jam, Pearl Jam, come out and water about 1825, Pearl Jam too. Or, look at that, right? Raise your against the machine. I've got to have to look it out. Oh. You're lucky I got my hook here, man, in the floor, my 850 pound book and the smashing pumpkins. How do I speak? They like smashing? What is it? I think they're all this. Can you ever write it out of that to joint? Did you say joint? Oh, see. Oh, Della Reese. Let's get in her honor. But, but, uh, what's your name? We'll vote for her. Laura, Laura Ingram, we'll vote for Della Reese. I'll let you probably won't because she was dosed by an angel. Let's see, rage against the machine. The rancels? The raspberries. Or I love the raspberries. Don't you? Like a little whipped cream on them. Oh, great. Rage against the machine is not in my book. How can that be? I mean, he's never had a top 40 hit. Oh, oh, I see. They're just not commercial enough to be in this book. That's how that be. Well, you can look him up on the, well, while I'm doing this. And so I shall. So you shall. I mean, you can sit there on the Fudry Port OK, and then the book. I can hit the whole town. Man, that's your hope you got off of that thing. We'll act out of there so fast. Fashion pumpkins, November 94. All right. OK. Let's see. Turing keyboardist Jonathan Melvoin, brother of Wendy Mulvoin, of Princess Revolution, that our heroine overdose on 71296 at the age of 34. New. New. A little bit of a problem there. The smags pumpkins just a little bit too smashed by. I do love them a lot. They're great. How did you look? I prayed against the, your machine. Lookin down. Well, you know, something. I wouldn't play me if you had read you. I'm not machine because it's so freaking slow. Yeah. Well, it's what we get. 560. I'll get before this hours out. I want to read. Well, this is going to take me two days to read this whole Michael Jackson thing from this month's the March edition, March issue of vanity fair. And it'll make you want to puk all over your carpeting. All of your expensive, crvening, go to my concept, right? WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, what was this? This is Neil, who you calling me calling for me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to, two days, I think that's the group they've met. He said, you agree on what? I agree with that, that's the best. Okay. And also, I don't think I don't agree with, with rates against machines. I think, like, not together anymore. Like why? They're not together anymore. Raise your against the machine. Isn't it together anymore, George? No, they're not. No, that's a jocet. He jocets on it. So let's see him off it. And how are they? Okay, thanks, pal. It's 90, too. Plus it's 92, so guess what? Rage against the machine. They're not together anymore. And it was 92. What about band owner? What about? On the story. 560560 pound five. What about the call? WDQAM, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. How about collective soul? Collected soul? Yeah. What do you think? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The date. The, the, about me. I think maybe one year under the line. Under the line? Yeah. We're doing a good, we're not going to be in this book anyway. Yeah, they were. Okay, thanks, pal. I get lost. Collected soul Phil Collins. Collected soul, he's, he's, he's, he's, Perfect. He's got a stun right on him, man. That guy. 6494. Shine. Okay. Okay. Can't give it to you. I think that's, and right calling. And cave, or Hoover. It's 12 minutes past noon at 560WQAM. Man, I'd say to this, that carry thing just, ah. It's like, it's like we were just on such a roll here. You know, in all the sense, like somebody's just like a gigantic balloon, balloon with a pin. I guess we're more deflated than I am. Because what? I was just happy with anybody but Bush. No, I understand that. Potent you understand he's, he's 30 points ahead of Wisconsin. And I started to say before I interrupted myself that if this all pans out. Okay. And if this all blows up in his post. And at least better than we find out now, it's only right. As opposed to, hey, guess what? It's like a week after the Democratic convention. He's the candidate at, oops. Oops, here we go again. See, right. So if we come to find out, he's got just too much Shopina's baggage to carry into the election. Right. Vote Dean. He cleaned. Right. Vote Dean is clean or vote, uh, Edwards because he's, uh, Christine. I think he had this. Right. Except for that thing on his lip. I'mus was bitching about that thing on his lip this morning. He thought he thought he was. He wouldn't tell him what it was. I'mus has those all over his face. He's got a face. How can he tell us that was going to hit this head. Yeah, he's going to hit that headway down with your phones. Twelve minutes. Toft 13 at 5. 60 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. I've actually George his life on it. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. You're to sell that new amazing low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 alonypay only 234 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 alonypay only 60. And don't forget once you'll be fine. And so if you know how mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call him today and find out all a booted call 1-800-9-4-0-land. White stripes. Then new kids on the right. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost to expense you pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fees zero closing cost. Even when you move to another property. Get that new low rate. Great financing of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details. Call 1-800-9-4-0-land and never pay closing costs again. Always like it. We're still a lot younger than 50. Financial group 1-800-9-4-0-l-e-n-d. And the other Enekla housing vendor restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR. 9. And low. This is 4.2561. 2.2561. 2.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 1.2561. 4.28 LeSe Autofocus! 5. 4061. riches! 9.2500. 10.5561. 10.302 municipality of Asafo let's continue! 51. 팔ars from ringing in the background And the rings are full of switches notAM but quite... And they're also plating cards. And you can connect to Goогодer. 7.2561-G Too Cataline! 8.2561 Steward Kitty! 3.2410, Mr. Pl sleeve. 366400. What story has a 9-inch langart? And they've played them all on their installed quarter track. I want a f*** you like an animal! Like a philic girl. Damn it this thing's not on! I'll come this isn't working! You knocked over my bonge! Nine inch nails on cloth. Only on MTV. Okay, Pro Jam was 94. We'll get that on their right away. I'm positive that somebody says lady in Jupiter says no doubt. And we'll get that on there no doubt even though. Okay. What about this thing about the Broward County government corruption and it's worse than the new times? That doesn't sound like something we're going to talk about. Does it? What? About the North Broward Hospital District? Oh I don't know. And a big expose day by new times. I think we've got more important fish to fry. Maybe not more important, but they'll look at it later. Because it's got a link to a website. Thanks a lot but I will see. Just being overloaded with crap here today, you know what I mean? Now isn't that interesting? What is your voice? Oh, actually, link. I think they're not out there. Like 182 there on there aren't they? One of their best songs ever. Well they should be. Like 182. And a good part of this one is they're not in their underwear. Right? This is the best one. We're making a lot of progress so we get from Blake 182 to wait for Lumpus. Anyway, getting back to the abriting thing. You know this, I haven't even changed the channel. I've got all these different music channels. Right? Conversions of MTV and much music. But the Brittany thing was on her twice within what? A half an hour, 45 minutes? They're about 40 minutes. How do you like that? Toxic. And meantime, MTV and America says, well, based on all this gear over Janet Jackson's Teddy, we're not going to put that on before 10 o'clock at night. We're going to show toxic 10pm to 6am. Because Viacom is crap in their pay. The good news is Viacom doesn't own much music. Okay. Maybe we should get our pilgrim gear back out of the closet. Or maybe just to hit on across the Niagara Falls from across the Come-on over. Get those hats, those buckle shoe because it is so pathetic man. The culture wars in America are exploding. And people will thought that some of us were exaggerating when we talked about fascism in America and the goose stepping Nazis that have taken over to country. Forget about it. Forget about the first amendment because you got two political power out properties there with a backbone of a fruit fly with a backbone of Greg Reed. Man. Anyway, getting back to Michael Jackson. This magazine, this vanity fair, you only wish you had in the bank. Whatever they're getting for the advertising and this thing. You can't even find the table of contents. It's sponsored all that. And of course you'd also like to see some of the people in it. But that's beside her other fair. Vanity fair in the March issue just out yesterday along with the swim suit issue of a sports illustrated with Anna Cornohoya. Over the years, Jackson has doubled out millions of millions of dollars to lawyers, doctors, accountants, security people, cond man, voodoo chiefs, business advisors, members of his bankrupted dysfunctional family, and XY4 allegedly threatened to tell his secrets, former staffers on remittance and the families of young boys, he has made his special friends all over the world. There is almost never a time when he is free of crisis and as a result say many who know him, it's become more and more difficult for him to trust his advisors not to feel paranoid about something. He has a lot of skeletons in his closets as lee, that's myeongholi. Some are real and some are in his mind which makes him a prisoner of all those around him. The result is often chaos. Jackson has a $200 million plus bank loan guarantee by his app interest in the Sony ATV music catalog, which owns the publishing rights to 251 Beatles songs and many other pop songs, and it falls due in 2005. These days it's difficult to get a straight read on Jackson's finances other than the cash flow situation which is reportedly dire. Nobody really knows if there's money or not says Deer Reesner, one of his recent managers, the coveted Sony ATV catalog is worth $100 million of dollars however, is how reported in this magazine last year, Sony has the right of first refusal of Jackson fourth to sell his share and he cannot sell according to lee before October 2005, the tenth anniversary of the partnership. There are reports that Jackson meanwhile is being bailed up by number of interest in parties including Alvin Malmick. Remember we talked about that? Yes, the flamboyant Miami lawyer who wants represented my arlan's ski about their great friendship. Malmick reportedly put up much of the money to settle two civil suits against Jackson last year, a figure estimated a close to $10 million dollars. In times of trouble in the past, most notably during his first molestation case, Jackson has turned to drugs. Cat Pelacano remembers a very high Michael Jackson in her house in August 93, nodding out and drinking glass after glass of Orn's soda. Cat is the former wife of Anthony Pelacano, the private investigator who worked back then for Jackson to turn his bird fields and Howard Weissman. Fields has been questioned in a crude FBI investigation. Involving Pelacano's use of wire tapping for clients, Pelacano who's now in jail was then the muscle the Jackson team used to intimidate potential witnesses against the singer and to accuse Jordi Chandler's father of extortion. After the first molestation scandal broke Anthony wanted to get Michael out of the country as soon as possible Cat says, when Michael came into the house my three-year-old daughter asked if he were a boy or a girl. I told her a boy that some boys had long here, but today were make-up she asked. That day Cat Grover has been injected to the airport where they boarded a private jet for Asia, a few months later Jackson checked himself into a London detox center. His stay there was prompted by a frantic phone call a Mexican doctor had made to one of the pop stars business advisors who we call doctors said either the drugs are going to kill him or he's going to die by flying out of a window because he thinks he can fly, you better get someone here he'll listen to, otherwise there won't be a Michael Jackson. Elizabeth Taylor was enlisted that fact, hey, she immediately said, I'll go, she got him into rehab and he got himself out right away. While Jackson was in London under going detox, LA and Santa Barbara authorities negotiated terms for his coming back to have his genitals photographed. If he returned voluntarily they wouldn't hand cuff her arrest him. It turned out that Jury Chandler had been able to draw very accurately, certain distinctive markings on Jackson, which gave the boys lawyers the ammunition they needed to settle the civil suit at such a high price. The case was settled the night before Jackson was to give his deposition. Several months later when the authorities were finally ready to bring charges, the boy and his family declined to prosecute saying they fear they would be harmed. There are reports the boy in the current cases also provided drawings of Jackson's private parts to the police. Throughout the 90s Jackson portrayed himself as sort of a a serial Peter Pan, but he had serious drug problems. Last year I covered the civil trial in which European concert promoter Marcel Avram was suing Jackson for $21.2 million for canceling two millennium concerts scheduled for New Year's 2000. During his first appearance in front of the jury, Jackson practically fell asleep and when he came back later he grimaced inspectators made devils horns with his fingers and generally be hit as if he were 12 years old. He ended up losing the case and having to pay off around $5.3 million. Looking back I remember being struck by one exhibit presented by the plaintiff, a bill of Ramsehadi to pay to two German doctors for nearly $264,000. I later learned that the doctors had not only taken care of an injury Jackson's suffer when he fell on stage in Munich in 99, but also previously put him through drug detox. In expense reports submitted in La Lassu that young Holy brought against Jackson, which was settled last June, their entry showing 60 $2,645 over to the Mickey Fine Pharmacy in Beverly Hills. I'm under fest like the Mighty Fine Pharmacy, the Mickey Fine Pharmacy in Beverly Hills. Maybe he had rush to compare notes to think? Maybe they could do rehab together. Or at least rush for given one of those phone number anyway. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM, I'll tell you where you can go and relieve yourself from all the stress in the world and that's the world famous pizza love. Just pick out the prices are solo and the portions are so big guaranteed you walk out of there with a big smile on your post and you'll be as they say in Czechoslovakia. Gisod and Pupik. Is now what they say? All the turn. In the Czech Republic. Anyway, they got it all. Every kind of pasted issue you've ever loved and the sum you've even heard of. They got chicken dishes and meal and seafood, calzone, super subs, garlic rolls just dripping with garlic to best you've ever had and three different kinds of fantastic pizza. Everything is cooked fresh to order just the way you like it. Nothing soggy enough in sitting around all day waiting to fall into a lump. You'll find a pizza loft in the Pizza Lock Plaza University drag between 5.95 and Griffin Road right behind Pair 1 imports for Taka for delivery for catering which they do for his lowest five bucks per person. Call 9-5-4-9-1688-80. If you should go in here by the way, have to see the rumors eating for free, please notify the authorities. 9-5-4-9-1688-80 for the world famous pizza loft in Davy. On the hardest working criminal in show business, here's back in jail and that's where he's recording his brand new CV. James Biles dumb as hits. I stood up good in the little one. Scoot up. Scoot up. I got a toe. It's James Biles dumb as hits. There's no bad. No back upstairs and no audience. It's just James Brown getting down in Luka. I've got a brand new coin plant in. Yeah. Look, Godfather of Pearl has made another god off of the state but he's not ashamed. If I didn't hold saying that, I'm begging to him. I'm begging to him. I'm begging to him. Put down that lick and stick and pick up. James Brown's dumb as hits. Hello everybody. Today I'm James Brown. Once you file my latest criminal record, thank you very much for letting me. Now we're available on capital offense records. Yeah, put that at lick and stick. 1232 at 560 WM. Miss Fudge wants you to know that it's a world exclusive and you must mention the drug of the Fudge report and give credit where credit is due to the drug. Fudge report and smudge. Okay. Pull me at the mouth and of course, that right wing pipeline that's connected to his back. I mean, you just know they're pulling off the smoke right in there. So you just know it's coming right from the horses and heart the Alaska pipeline. Exactly. It's like the oily bird. 560560 the best recording group of the past 10 years or artists or whatever. George Dono Sam Roberts, which means it's pretty embarrassing to me. Well, I'm finally glad to have a music on verse two on something. Dave Matthews van is pretty embarrassing 91. I mean, how is that possible? Can you explain that to me? Free? They'll speak Republicans. Outcast 29 radiohead 28 the full fighters 24. I wonder if you'd rather see the full fighters on your plane or that pilot, the Christian pilot? Cracker, please. Norage 212, M&M 22 speaking of crackers. July 22, Lincoln Park 17, Coldplay 16, Counting Crowes 14, Kidrock 14, Beyonce. She'd be having 9. Limb biscuit 8, Shakira's got 8, Avrilovine 8, White Strap 7, Sean Paul's got 6. Roupa, I made the list yet. Nelly Frutato 6, Pearl Jam 6 and we apologize. I thought they were around long and then. Well, they're first hit with 94 and that's what qualifies. It just seems like they've been around a long time. Cool. Yeah. Matt's box 24, Sarah McLaughlin for a system of down for Enchimus 3, Enchimus is great sensational. Yeah. What knows who that is? I do. That's a squeeze of the Stone Age 3. We'll be next. Yes, it was. A train 3. What does no sense? I mean, he's like one's in there. Oh, pods got one. You're going to be upset about that. Hi people. Oh, good. The gold rod rums with pod. Cause they're pretty mud. 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM. Hello. Yes, I am. I was just wondering if you knew where the term cracker originally came from. Pauli Wana. No, actually years ago I couldn't see the Civil War. All of a photo there were wild cattle. There were cowboys that they called crackers that they sent down to round up the wild cattle to feed the troops. And they were black crackers as well as white crackers. There was a lot of it would crack the wind on the ground. That's that. That's fantastic. Thanks a lot. Oh, you already knew that? Yeah, true story. Crackers originally applied to Floridians. They'd have Floridians where they'd won first people called crackers by other people. I see. Well, figures don't it? That makes sense to you? Figure runs with bigger. See there you go. They're cracking a web. If you don't stop that jazz man, you're going to be on the outside looking in. 567.0560 pound of the zoo pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line with the motels. See, there he goes again. What was President Bush comments? You better start with very speculating your president and hear the your dictator. No, I think they're going to call off the election. I think that's what misplugged his count on. They're going to call off the whole election. Because if ever gets it, then they're going to tell you what that chirpy is on his lip. It's a shanker. W to QAM. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Pretty good. All right. Just a clarification of Pearl Jam. I don't know what book you're reading, but their first album came out in 1981. Yeah. And yeah, but their first hit was 94. So we'll give them a break. We got a lot of people out there on a vote for them. And if it makes them feel better, I mean, aren't they entitled? I guess what the hell? The world's going to hold a hand back there. Anyone. Exactly. Yeah. I like to nominate the band. Are you a slave? Audio slice? I'm a slave. Audio slave. Yes. Now we're talking. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Okay. I'll drop. Have a great day. They're the old rage against the machine. Oh, you sing old rage against the machine. So in other words, by hook or by a crook, we got a minor one way or the other way. Audio slave. See. Now we're going to have what I hear that. What station in South Florida is swimming? I was there, which I'm not. What station would I hear? Audio slave on. What it next? Zeta. On Zeta? I wouldn't know. Yeah. Don't say that. The boy. My radio's got an automatic tune out on Zeta. When you press the search button, you know, and it goes up and on the FMM, it automatically hops over it. Just like that. Mine goes to Omega. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marlos line. Here's line nine, which is always spectacular. QAM. Neil. Go on. Hey, don't paly. I'm good. I'm good. And we practically work together at one time. Really? Yeah. I will back as Zeta during the Mike Lion's days. Mike Lion's. Remember him? Holy crap. I've been trying to forget that. You remember your trash can? You used to kick it around all the time. Remember the old Mark Cune days, man. Mark Cune. Mark the Cune, my spirit. And David Haisley, anyway, what do you got? Nothing. Is that George over there? That's George. Man, I want to just give George some kudos, man. He's doing a hell of a job. Well, what's he doing? I don't know. You mean I'm the show, I see. Okay. Listen, hang in there, man. All right. You too, Neil. And congratulations for getting out of the business. Oh, hey, David. I'm not still in the business. You are? I am working with you. Oh, and Oregon. Yeah. I'm working with this for. Congrats for getting out of software. That's what I meant. Thanks, buddy. See you around, man. Bye. QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I knew I had a question. The hot couple's contest. Yeah. Do, uh, could you guys, could you guys take new pictures or no? But you have saloon. For the first of the fact we're, we're dying for him. Could we? Please. All right. Packer, please. Thanks. Thank you. Excellent. I don't say so, actually. Yeah. We don't know what he's going to send. Maybe it's him and, uh, two chimpanzees. We don't know. We'll take it. We'll take whatever you've got. Don't forget tomorrow. I took a clock to the deadline. Hot couples contest. Email us pictures too. Contest at mirroredgers.com. Cloud on cloud. Necadiz the jabrod in the shower. Do an evil shower of power on the old tower. Whatever you're doing. And next week we put all the pictures on there. You have a chance to vote. And of course, whoever has the most friends went. I mean, couple would have most votes at the end of the week next week at tour clock next Friday. Week from tomorrow wins their choice. Either a trip but for two to heedonism in Jamaica, three night vacation all inclusive including meals and beverages. No airfare or personal expenses or a two night vacation at the world. Oasis resort in casino in the Bahamas, which includes airfare. The other stuff you've got to pay. But that includes airfare to grandma, homo island. And whichever, uh, the first place winner gets. Then the second place that trip goes to whoever's the runner up got it got it. And the third place uh winner gets the dinner for two at the pizza lock where can enjoy a fabulous meal and enjoy a Jeff given away three meals to very important people and some who are all that important at all. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 they've Matthew's band me really makes me wonder. You think we're getting a free? Yes. No, they're not. No one. No, because when we put it out there, we both said we didn't like them. So therefore. No. All right. There's a sore nerley pop. I mean, I just I know that comes as a tremendous. It's difficult to accept. I know, but nevertheless just like destiny's child. Now, do we ever put them on there? I don't. Yes. We did. They got any votes. Let's see. The bloodhound gang has gotten none, which makes me just want to lay down on a floor and write on all my sounds. What do you mean by that? That means they haven't done anything lately. So what difference does that make a lot to them? Where I don't see destiny's child. And they hop over all these other people. Where are they? You got your thumb on them? They got zero. They got zero. Like I said, I feel a whole lot better about life now. And no doubt Scott zero. All right. All right. Tony, we're going to make a big turn around here. It's quite a scary junk carry. Well, we'll see what happens with all that stuff. People we start rushing to judge me. You're running by rush. We'll start popping anymore pills rush in the judgment. We'll just calm down. We'll consider the source. You know, he's hyperventilating, hop it up and down like rumple still. Turn around and go, listen, and you know what, Matt, you're still self-hating, fact. 19 till 1 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday. Why not send something sweet to Miss Budge? Like maybe some chocolate fudge? Well, I don't give the same old candy and terrible flowers this year to somebody that really counts unless you're putting the same old nothing she usually gives you to return for good reason. Think about these three words. Vermont, Teddy Bear. Send her a bird gram right at work at the office. The lover boy, Bear, the love banded bear, the new all-star Valentine dressed like a a sports fan. When it gets to the orifice, it'll be completely surprised. Out of her co-workers will think, hey, she must be hanging out with a greatest guy in the world, presenting such an original thought. We'll give. Then maybe some give you the gift that you're hoping for. Just call 1 at 100 829 Bear in the friendly bear counsel. We'll help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine. They'll live with a free chocolate in their famous gift box. It only takes five minutes to make your order. And overnight delivered to the home or office is still guaranteed. You still have time. So if you still put in your thumbs wondering about what to do for that special lady or both of them, call 18029 Bear or shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com. Say you're Valentine something new, something creative, something exciting. The alternative to flowers call 18029 Bear and tell them that Cranky Old Neal told you to call 180829BE8R. Shit! You will be the end of my turn to your neverland You're about to rise I'm a man, man Like them Play it down, yeah And you know what they say But young girl, they are the better I'm a man, man, man I'm a man, man I feel really embrace the right I'm a man, left up I'll get you Here's somebody else we left off How could we do that? Pink, as in one of the pink one of the Have you heard of it? I said indeed Yes Man's absence of self-adgastly in an order-dale bank And threatens to send himself on fire Okay A disgruntled customer adopts himself A gas in a downtown bank And threatens to deny himself this morning For a lawyer to pay a call He said Police talked to man to setting aside his The volatile fuel Which was stored in a plastic gatorade bottle And the lighter And then took him into custody With no start-alow injuries reported The incident started around 1040 this morning In the lobby of the Sun-Trust bank building In the 500 block of East Los Olis Police said the unidentified man walked in Said something Mubblebleblebleblebleblebleblebleble Like that And then set down on the floor of the lobby After dosing himself with gas He turned to like the lighter that he was holding Employees and customers Were quickly evacuated from the bank While police talked with the man They eventually talked him into settling down And setting down both the lighter And gas-alienance surrendering After then was washed down They washed him off He was placed under observation rules Sended in the state's Baker Act Which allows police to take somebody To custody temporarily if they're in danger Then themselves are others The Baker Act isn't Mubbleblebleblebleblebleblebleblebleblebleble Like they showed him under Greg Reed long time ago Before he screwed up, QAan By the way, Joe Rose has worked nine weeks In the morning 8 to 10 stars And got paid a dime I just thought I'd mention it again For the embarrassment factor For Greg Wow Hey listen You wouldn't face anybody Either if you thought you could keep a gun That's why he keeps stalling You know? Remember all the paperwork We're this one and that one No, don't put him on a payroll It's stall if you waste Because then that way you get their services for free Because the word retroactive Isn't in the Beesley corporate handbook Nobody gets paid retroactive Unbelievable, scandalous But if that's the way we do it That's just the way we do it And of course the FCC But all this outrage about Janet Jackson's booby Let's really outrage us and obscene Is the way the letting us the small handful of companies buy up every day And of course this Comcast is anything if that goes down Which I don't think it will I think now that the spotlight is on these basch I think they're finally going to draw the line right there Do you think? Let's hope And I'll tell you he's going to be the happiest about it Oh, I know Yeah, as he continues struggling by his fingernails Try to hang on to it WCQAan, hello Yeah, I just think the nail Speaking Yeah, I got one for you Paul Okay The chin blossoms The chin blossoms Hello The chin ball The chin blossoms What's that? Or the chin blossoms Yeah, let's see talking about the chis blossoms Go back to your other stuff he would talk about last time Is he just babbling But moreover, we're putting them on there Who the chin blossoms? The chin blossoms That's what I tried to say to you He kept saying the chin blossoms I think that kind of plays a mean chin ball if you ask me Some of these people are very in our particular view What? Maybe they've been drinking too much GEN Jesus juice Oh maybe they've been playing too much GEN RUMMY Or drink it too much Jesus juice out of soda cans Don't let me forget to read some of that Michael Jackson stuff People are the shows I don't think they'll continue under the atomar It's a long piece, it's a long long piece Well, it'll save you like five But how much this is in the US of A? It was five in a box Canadian Because it's a big four fifty It'll save you four and a half bucks From finally March Vanity Fair WCWM Hello Hey, NAMM Yes sir Hey, I got one for the polio, you get forgot Good one Super furry animals Super furry animals Yeah, man, they have a lot of good songs Such as Um Yeah My favorite Then is now your favorite? Sure, you can't imagine my favorite song There's two super furry bush I can't believe then, why don't know They don't know from nothing to bloodhound gang I guess they weren't that big in the US in the first place, were they? Huh? Baby You and GEN RUKI Mark is career We'll do it with real fast and then all this could be her You and me can do it just like every dollar And now that you're dead The sex will be so much calmer You and me baby, ain't nothing to monkeys I get my life, what's the nut and you just go BC Beauty, can't talk about those feces no more man The feces of the species can't be doing that one no more either Because Michael's pals, oh, which reminds me Was it my right break and rage by Gorvid Aller was it myron? I think was my right break in rage Where he used the names of these Supreme Court justices who voted you know the 70° words this is against WBA I'm George Carlin He used the names of the justices to describe private parts Okay And for example, penis was renquist with that time We just know the justice not the chief justice which he is now unfortunately That Nazi William Rinclist renquist he substituted all through the book for the word penis for breasts Guess what word who was the oh, it's on it's so ironic power for heaving powers And that great is great So go on read my or break of it's then you probably start walking around and dress guys WQM hello Yes, this Neil Rogers yes sir Okay, and the I have something really important for you I think you'll appreciate this If you can and people that you know can push for the idea of the National Democratic Party pushing for a Contitutional amendment that would have been the outsourcing of jobs to foreign countries Oh, yeah, that's coming next week. We're going to be pushing for that real hard. Let's start pushing there right now, right? Did this guy doesn't listen now president and his people told us two days ago that that's good for the economy here for the American workers God remember sees us good taking all of these big corporations and allowing them to ship all those thousands and thousands and Zillions of jobs overseas so they can get those fifty cent a day Chinese workers to build all their crap. That's good for the economy Hold your breath pal. You're in a dream world man. Give yourself some medication and a good take a oxygen and take a deep breath 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime. I'll say it again CNN Lou Dobbs last night They took a poll on that Outsourcing jobs good for the economy good for the American worker or bad 95% of the thousands is that bad not good. What a surprise huh? The other five percent said who wouldn't that one the other five percent were like like I said the five cent now we're uh Chikano's And of course this comes right on the heel of El President he's saying hey all those illegal aliens coming on in Wow, let's give them a little bit of you know time to hang around and do their thing they're providing You know it's funny about that as you know how you used to joke you used to joke about as soon as they wash up on shore They get a driver's license and a right dire 57 Chevy right now That's right So you can't complain about American workers anymore because pretty soon if you leave bush in there there won't be any But everything's just fine right. Oh, we're fine. WQAM hello You sir Hello WQAM hello Good. Yeah, I have a question for you. Go ahead. Uh, how come why can't I pick up the new rod to show on my uh computer? Because you suck. George said that I didn't say that well why do you say that to him? That's a weather. Yeah, this guy is a little too slow for you to be messing with these. That looks a little smart response. What do you mean you can't pick it up? How about on your pop up toasters are coming on that? Where were you calling from? Miami. Miami. Why do you need it on your computer don't you have a radio? Did you try opening the windows? I'm trying to get on information to get you on the computer. Oh, Miami is not allowed in Miami. The mayor won't allow Mayor Diaz won't allow it in Miami. 560560 we've been banned in Miami, baby, and pretty soon if Michael Powell has his way. You know, I would love to do I would love to do a show on the internet. I realize I couldn't make this kind of money but why not maybe that's still your future. In of course with my luck just today that we started all the FCC had Congress passed another law today and now the FCC is regulating all content on the internet. I can't say a crap, right? It'll happen. Like today that I did the show with forlph for an hour. Right? Or did we do an hour? Uh, four to minutes. Did we do that twice? I was like, did I think that day was his very first day that he was supposed to start when a transmitter went out for a couple of hours? That was the day. He never got on the air. And so forl and I did a show on the internet. And we said, and the effort and the sword and the P word and the C word and the D word and the A word and everywhere's have been invented. And it was a lot of fun as opposed to the crap that they forces to do because we have to watch our language because we have the word police, the language police. We have the pot police, the J walking police. And now we have the goddamn movie police also. The thing that is so unbelievable, how many stupid people there could be out there? Why aren't they just screaming at the talking head that works in the networks? They keep every time there's a story associated with these hearings that are going on. Or anything else have it to do with Janet and Justin? Huh? They show it over and over and over now. Okay. So you're not seeing the booby. What difference is it make at this point? You've seen it 75 million times already, but they keep showing it again. And again, how many million times we've seen it already? About 30 minutes. Who the hell cares? Are you disgusted again? I wasn't disgusted the first time. Well, look at it again. I really couldn't care. Otherwise, if you look at neo-ribes.com, you'll see both bullies in the night's nice matching set. Isn't it amazing how much they look like each other? Yeah. Backpaged because it was getting crowded up front. Oh yeah. We got so much stuff going on that website right now, man. You got the Angelina Jolie today with the little nip action. Right. In fact, everybody have a little nip today. We think these are going. Wouldn't surprise me if everybody takes a good nip. Oh, my god. We're supposed to be in a five-season. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You a-am. But heads. It's the one to do out. You love Shakira's tongue, Cheney's. Honey, you're close. Oh, no, no, no, no. There's no, no, no, no. There's no, no, no. And now you'll love her new album. Shakira's things other people say. Come here. Oh, oh, oh. She already made music history by recording her first English language album. And now she's taking her art form to the next level. By re-recording songs that we're already hits in English, only this time, very English, the kid. Our hearts so high. We've got people out of it. Shakira seems that there are people's hits. We're all. We're all. We're all. We can't have that more on our lives. Shakira sings other people's songs. So it's just a form. We're all in our minds. It's just a form. If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service, then you really, really, really like her new CD. Shakira sings other people's hits. No, the name was an insuanual and ethos momentos. Okay, the one thing, we sure write a note to self on your wrist. I'll add a momentos. See? See the toxic video by Britney Spears. I guarantee everybody you'll be moist within the first 20 seconds. Okay, I have a tell that. Okay. Appearing Wednesday, I'm ABC's Good Morning America. Jason Williams, wife Tonya said he has been frustrated by the things made against him since the shooting of that limo driver. Gus Christophe and reveal that she's created the website to thank her husband's supporters. Isn't that great? No. I'm curious because I've been reading everything I can get my hands on. And I can't find no more about that dead dog. You know, the route water, his pet route water, that he lost a bit on and then got him in the head and one other time and killed him. Only we care about that dog. I mean, it says here Jason Williams is known both in the NBA where of course he used to play for the nets. His community and his family as a big teddy bear, they said. Right. I think the dog committed suicide and so did Gus Christophe with a 30 inch shotgun. Was three feet long. Yeah. And that was a good idea to commit suicide with a three foot long shotgun. If you're armed with three and a half feet long. But the only problem is that the shot was from not that close range. So probably what he did is he handed it to the dog. That's right. That was already dead. He got a new dog. He gave it to the dog and said, I'm going to walk across the room and he passed. He shot from across the room and then he ran ahead of it. He ran in and just like Tom Wellington, he caught the bullet and there's chest. He's only on the ground on the light time while he was he died. Got the shot. And when Jason came in and there was like blowing into his mouth. He maybe before the shooting was blowing into his mouth. But anyway, and he said he said he's dead. The cops said he's dead. Or whoever it held was. Nothing cop, the cops went there. Who was it, said he's dead. Dr. McCoy. Dr. Robert Yones. And anyway, he said, oh man. That's what he said. Yeah, just like that. It sounded just like Ojo. No, man. I'll be damned. Oh man. Anyway, Jason, when you was a scumbag. Anybody who likes a scumbag? There you go. 5, 6, 7. What do you think is the best recording artist or group to come along in the past 10 years? See now, and I was sitting there to come along. Probably should have put that in there. Otherwise, we won't get what's in him. I'll sit again. What was your name? I don't know. Later Laura. I wonder if that was Dr. Laura's lesson. Hey, we got nude pictures of her. Oh wait, no. We're not going to pollute our website with that crap. Okay. Anybody want to see that? No. You can see your pie. Oh, geez. No chance. WDQA and hello. Yeah, I'm glad you brought it up. See, he's out of a whole new thing. Oh, we've got him. We've got him. We've got him. So he's got a whole new deal of your body. Your first personal friend. Yeah, my buddy. Who did you pay him? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's my anniversary. Three years removed from South Florida's a buyer. Come here? I spline a rush. Three years removed from South Florida. Come here. I've been to Tara's soda. Wow. Wow. The reason I'm calling you is that, you know, during the early on stuff, you know, one thing I really impressed you about you was how you talked about how the media just just destroy every, I call it all the problems. I mean, over here they're doing the same thing to this poor girl, Carly, we're here. They got killed. Right. I mean, they are parked out in front of this poor lady's house. Paying him is day out. Anyway, what about that poor John Joe with there? Who, you know, what, how was he supposed to do? You know what? He's supposed to be getting the keys to it. Yeah. And, but I'll give you an example. Okay, about a week before he got abducted, right? There's a woman who had an art gallery in Sarah, food and downtown. He was thinkelter, staff, 40 times in her art gallery. And now you don't even know more about it since the carly think came out. See, one thing you're starting to catch on to would like you said, I've been trying to tell you this for a hundred years is that the media will tell you what you're supposed to care about. And you're right. I don't like like Scott and Lacy Peterson. There are five people in America of the, the relatives, the people directly involved. There are five other people who give a flying crap about that. But the media insist that we have to be concerned about that. I'm still waiting here. What happened to those sheriff's office in Highly? It was running the escort service three years ago. I was waiting here with three. It was more than that. Like six years ago, right? Yes. I'm going to happen. Okay, I'm going to help you. Good luck, Gepali. I'll say I'm city island man. I'll see if the economy arresting. I'll tell you one thing. I'm really grateful for that. No, I'm not going to be crazy. I'm going to be crazy. I'm going to be crazy. I'm going to be crazy. I'll tell you one thing. I'm really grateful for that. Nobody has said for the poll today. Bye. Bye. Thank the law. I've already said that. Because at that point, I would have fallen right on the floor. Prom position. Man. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See, like, do me discuss this a couple days ago that we can't find anybody of any age of any sex of any persuasion of any breed. He likes a little bit of a child. He doesn't think he can really sing or perform anything. Right, preachers from other dimensions. But again, just like this last guy was saying now, the media tells you, oh, he's a superstar. He's great. Sure. Deaf blind girls in special ed don't like it. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. That was vulnerable. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Stain. Great. Stain. Stainer. WQAM. Corn. Corn is good. And it really is special. Corn is good. Put corn on there right away. I like that Indian corn. That the blue stuff. I like it grilled. Oh man, you ever have that grill, you know, put it in the A 10-4 like grill that Indian corn. I think it's a good one. I have this discussion. It's so great. And that corn really is special. And you know what, met Miss Fudges too. This is like Cornhole really is special. 560560 pound 560. WQAM on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. He's just squeezing his knees and his, I mean, if anything, Mary would squeeze that to me. It doesn't. But just go and now I got a world of exclusive. I'm famous even more than before. I got eight fidget hits on my website. Yeah. And you're still a safe self-hating fact. Does it make Miss Fudges? Huh? It's so tragic. How do you look yourself in a mirror and know that you just upon if people would love to stoke your ass into an oven immediately, if not sooner? WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, George, not for scripture in. Ha ha ha ha ha. Call one of these got it. WQAM hello. Yes, New. Yes sir. If we got to the election, I think perhaps we'll have to relax someone from the floor of the convention. From the floor? Yeah. How many from the floor? And who would that be sir? Pardon? That would be your reclusive. Hillary Clinton, there you go. Hillary might do it. The one thing about her, she's screwing around. That would guys anyway. Right? Right? I think maybe he's got something going there. Hillary comes out of nowhere and all the sudden grabs the flag and runs with it. Hey, we don't that crazy butter, but America. Well, I don't know what that's all about. It's kind of what reminds me of Dave Matthews band. There you go. It reminds me of McDonald's and White Bread and vanilla ice cream. But Donald is okay. Listen to me. It reminds me of all of these things that America's obsessed with that are mediocre at best. Dave Matthews band 103. And I don't think we're getting a free. Okay. I'm telling you, you just don't understand the magnitude of this man. You better get with it. Get with the program. Mr. Hip. You got the hot part of it going pretty good, but not the hip part. Dave Matthews band 103. But what you would like Sam Roberts. They make good. He is is good singer. They have a good craft. I'll listen to the free CD somebody's going to send me. Okay. Radiohead 36. Outcast 36. I had 234. Nora Jones 28. Fullfighters 25. And then I'm 25. Counting crows 23. I have no idea who they are. You're lucky. Bad. Pearl Jam 20. Lincoln Park 20. Cool. A cold play 17. Look warm play. King Rock 16. Shakira's got only 11. Shame on you people. Beyoncé's got 11. Now that's. See that's so ridiculous. I mean you could argue which one looks better. Between who? Should you hear and Beyonce knows. I would argue. No, but I was just saying you could have that argument. But is there any argument as to which is the better singer? No. Okay. Lent biscuit 10. Aferlavine. I go singled as this from there. Smash from pumpkins only have five. Inkey bus number five. Shame on you people man. Thank you for this video. Get my. My vote right now is the video of the century. That's great. That is good as a toxic though. About trust me. When I tell you when you see toxic you will sit up straight. You will cause sleep. That's right. You'll pay attention and come to attention or just part of that. And just the stairs. That screen real close. I'll wear my baggy pants. Just put a holy macro man or something fishy. Kind. 12 minutes after one piece at the five 60 WQAM. Hey guys. Last time we looked at that thing. You decided it's just too small and lame. It doesn't impress women or much of anybody else. It definitely don't last as long as it used to and we're talking of course about your paycheck. It is weak. It is pathetic. If you want to do something about it. Change your life. Call fast train. Tol free at one. 866 fast train. I guarantee you will know. I don't want to have a career. You'll be making a lot more than Todd Drec. And just for sure. Months in fact. You can have a new high-pain computer career in the demand for computer professionals. Continues grow like crazy. Like wildfire. Like topsy. Like you. When you see that toxic video you'll be grown fast. With several locations fast trains got a campus nearby you. They offer your job placement. Financial assistance for guys who qualify too. With day, night and even weekend classes. No excuse. No more to stay in the dead end job. So if you like to say goodbye to that crappy paycheck and a crapple boss and a whole deal. Get yourself a new high-pain career. You can really do it in just four short months like so many other people have done. Call fast train. Today because now you can have a mighty big impressive one too. That you can stretch real far. Check them out of the web at fast train.com or call them full free. One eight six six fast trains. This is your 20th place. You a yeah. For banging the butt honey. What happens when two awesome forces collide inside us. Feel okay. Find out this funny. The Democratic primary brain drawer. Featuring the main event. Nature boy. Red Flare. Versus Nature boy. Our beat. Someone's gonna get punched out like a hanging chair. A picture bar. It goes now at profile. Woo. Why from South Carolina. No, Carolina. South Carolina. No, Carolina. We're going to South Carolina. Woo. Yeah. These two don't agree on any thing. Rick, whoever watches back does not only do these bad fluffy, but everybody loves me. California. And Texas. In New York. Yeah. This rich player, Spain is figure four leg lock. Woo. And Howard Dean's punishing tax loop hole take down. The Democratic primary brain drawer. Woo. Woo. Oh my god. One 17 at five 60 WCM the man dog at two, a Humper at four. Panther review at seven a path as host of penguins. Should be a relatively easy two points tonight. I would thanks 730 at the Mac Arena. Any camp for the hockey game. Joe and Mark overnight. Two to five don't forget. Join Joe and Mark tonight. 10 payment. I did the Sandbar and a Grove step by to enjoy three dollar Bex and Bex light. Plus you can win tickets and t-shirts and a bunch of QN cramp. That's 10 that I at the Sandbar and a Grove. Join Mark be looking for you. You know, this thing with Carrie. It always comes back to the same thing with the right wingers. Peanut is that's right. Sexual pecker dillows. It always comes back whether it's Bubba, whether it's Carrie, No matter who download is odd and we're screw on this one. It's the beauty of the nation. See, she's your own. Your military duty and performing your military obligation. That's just smear in somebody's shoulders. Right wingers. That means nothing. Right. But if you were like if you had that banana problem, there's somewhere long line. If you had that way, we were banana. Then they were going to getcha. Say that's always the same crap. Support speaking to people with banana problems. Get back to the vanity fair Michael Jackson story. That goes on for 100 miles. Thought it bit at a problem. Anyway, this, what's the guy's name again Lee? What is it? Young, young, holy. Michael's buddy. Lee tells me that in 1999 he employed Dr. Neil Ratner and NSDGL is just in former rock drummer to put Michael through detox in soul. Ratner, the government star witness against prominent Manhattan Gynecologist Dr. Neil's Laurenson, who is convicted of insurance fraud in 2001, admitted to being stone himself. He's not much of the time he ejected his patients in the 80s. And he's gonna love this. And to once collapsing in an operating room after mistakenly shooting himself up with a paralytic agent. I met with a doctor on a regular basis, we were getting Michael off when he was addicted to him. Or maybe just getting him off. Demoral and morphine. His problem is asleep disorder. He's up to 48 hours of the time and then crashes. When I ask Ratner about his work with Jackson and soul, he says, patient doctor relationships are not something I choose to comment about. The Washington DC in about 2001 after Jackson appeared at a benefit concert for 9.11 victims, he left as ubiquitous black bag filled with his prescription drugs behind. It was found by Washington police, so we turned it no questions asked. Clearly, Michael's action is not the defenseless creature and victim of racism. He and his family in hand, so a seduously claim him to be in the never-ending stream of interviews they grant and mostly dominate on cable TV and network news shows. In real life, he doesn't speak in the false set of he employed most recently in the controversial 60 minutes interview on CBS in December when he was asked only very general questions relating to the current case and when he charged that he had been injured by the Santa Barbara Police doing his arrest. People who have spent time with Jackson report that he has a sock but normal guy's voice in the phrase of one person. Since his charges, the police brutality have largely backed fired, his slide is once again claiming that the aside is once again claiming that the family accusing him now is only out for money and that set of Barbara County District Attorney Tom Stedden who along with LA County officials investigated him in 93 but didn't bring charges is out for revenge. Those are the twin spins held by Jackson supporters, whether they coincide with the facts or not. The 10 year old boy had been given only a few weeks to live in Michael Jackson was number three on his wish list of people he wanted to meet. Adam Sammer was first an increased Tucker, but at just a moment in 2000 when he was being asked to come up with the names, Jackson's image happened to be on MTV in his hospital room and he was under the screen and told his friend Jamie Masada on where LA's laugh factory I want to meet Michael Jackson too. In order to get the boy who weighed only 60 pounds to eat, Masada would say you've got to get better if you're going to see Adam Sandler. The Hispanic boy from East LA had been operated on for an eight pound cancerous tumor on his left kidney, his spleen and kidney had been removed, but the cancer has spread across his lungs and liver. He hadn't taken to chemotherapy well and his blood type was the rare own negative CMB negative. He had sourcing his mouth and couldn't keep any food down. He started to eat candle open ice cream but after two spoons he started vomiting blood Masada recalls, would you try again Masada baked him if you eat you can meet anyone you want. The boy gradually got better and after several months Masada who visited daily took him in his wheelchair to the laugh factory on Sunset strip where the comics on stage took special notice of him. Some of them also did benefit form and anyone who donated blood got into the club free. Masada, a charitable Iranian immigrant who arrived in LA at the age of 14, sponsors the last factories comedy camp during the summer. The program helps under privileged children turn their pain into last by having them do stand up for teens under the two lids of well-known comedians. The boy in question along with his younger brother and older, where the hell is it? Older Russister had participated in the camp. Masada phone never land, told whoever answered to try to watch a local TV broadcast that night about the blood drive for the boy and asked if Michael Jackson would call it cheer him up. Two days later Jackson called, at that time the boys parents would married as teenagers when they're early 30s and still together when they've followed a household where money was always short. One Saturday and last December I visited the gritty East LA suburbs where the family had lived. In the art cell at El Mante where the boys' maternal grandparents reside, used clothes and toys priced at $50 and a dollar were displayed in Mercado style and lawns and across bushes. What is that? Market style. I see. Like an open air market. Thank you very much. Then many people spoke only S.Bonyola would say a little about the family that were no-drunk curtains and a no trespassy sign on the grandparents door to the lower middle class people with a little education to live in these spot-filled streets never land with all its enticements, but seem like an incredible dream. Both parents accompany the boy along with the sister and brother never land in August 2000 to meet Jackson. The father also went with the boy to have lunch on the Sony lot with Anna M. Samler who introduced him to Rob Schneider Chris Tucker according to Massada became kind of a mentor to the boy, upending him in a Nike clothes the boy in turn took Tucker to never land to a doodersam to Jackson. George Lopez also befriended the boy at these comics and obdistancing themselves from the case and they represented his burly acknowledge or even deny their client's meetings with him. One day when the boy began to improve he told Massada me and my dad went to never land. Not long after Massada claims the father stopped by the LaFact really sure off a car with the TV in it, which he said was a gift from Jackson. Jackson had also led his family his pick up truck to go to chemotherapy appointments but they didn't pay many visits never land. After about a year and a half of chemoma Sato says and all the special attention from the comics in tripped never land the boy's cancer went into remission. So you see what a small price to pay being molested for your cancer went to remission right? There you go. Okay. To be continued, God it is so long and the story too. Now, are you not going to be nothing, are you? Remember I mentioned this before? Almost forgot it because you never mind don't forget. From the Boston Globe by Derek Z. Jackson Bible lessons these clergy forgot because they're gnashing their teeth and forming at the mouth about those gay marriages. Oh, they're in Boston. He says Boston Archbishop Sean O'Malley is called the decision by the Massachusetts Apping Judicial Court to legalize same-sex marriage of tragedy and part of the madness around us. Catholic bishops in the US voted to declare homosexual acts immoral. Many prominent black ministers have condemned the SJC's ruling. Sounding like Mississippi's Senator Trent Lot who once compared homosexuality to addiction, Bishop Gilbert Thompson of Boston's new covenant Christian school said, to say there was such a thing as a gay Christian is saying there's an honest thief. Many black ministers are indignant at any parallels to gay marriage in the African American civil rights movement to Reverend Wesley Roberts of Boston's people's back to his church said, to equate what is happening now to the civil rights struggle which Black said to go through would be to be little what we had gone through as a people. Top politicians in Massachusetts as Governor Mitt Romney and Husper Gratama's finner in our exploring every way possible to block the SJC's ruling, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry like many politically correct wishy-washy-centrist, since he's a poor civil unions but a poses gay marriage. Republican president Bush of course poses gay marriage and Bill Clinton the Democrat signed the Defense of Marriage Act which allow states to disregard gay marriages from other states. To date, the ministers and politicians have offered no serious evidence to show how a loving gay or lesbian couples exchanging rings at an altar will level the republic. O'Malley warns we can't afford to be asleep at the switch. Romney says marriage between men and women is defended by 3000 years of recorded history. Reverend Gregory Groover of Charles Street African Methodist Episcopal Church says, the voice of God tells him that gay marriage is wrong. This is his wrong headed as using the Bible just to find slavery on how the African American ministers could forget that argument. Such clergy plays a game of pick and choose. Conservative Christians rush to pause letter to the Romans for proof that homosexuality is a wicked degrading passion. Paul complained their women exchange natural intercourse for unnatural and in the same way also the men giving up natural intercourse with women were consumed with passion for one another. Men committed shameless acts with men. They know God's decree that those who practice such things deserve to die. It is just as easy to find chapters in the Bible that are way out of step on the march through the equality. Ephesians says, wives be subject to your husbands as you are to the Lord for the husband is the head of the wife just as Christ is the head of the church. Just as the church is subject to Christ so also wives ought to be in everything that their husbands pitch. That one out with the Flintstones. Ephesians also says, slaves obey your earthly masters with fear and trembling in singleness of your heart as you obey Christ, render service with enthusiasm as to the Lord. That one out with the emancipation proclamation. One would think these ministers have more important things to do. The Catholic Church has some nerve talking about the sanctity of marriage when it allowed untold numbers that children to be abused by priests. In their tortured thinking black ministers who fret about gay mirrored says it because of the epidemic of fatherlessness and they care about fatherlessness they ought to fight harder for jobs, child support, mentoring programs, public education and it changed in the drug laws that punish young urban black man for more harshly than young suburban white men. While they're right at the call for a boycott of black entertainment television and its pint videos. The best guess is that these clergy are so loud in their condemnation of gay mirrored is because they may escape vote to obscure their failures or prowlousness in protecting their flocks. Game urge of two loving people cannot possibly be equated with the abuse of children in a Catholic Church's cover-up. Game urge of loving people does not be a little to civil rights struggle. It gives it full blossom. Funny these ministers have conveniently forgotten the passage from numbers which says, as for the assembly there shall be for both you and a resin alien a single statute, a perpetual statutes generations. You and the alien who resides with you shall be alike before the Lord. You and the alien who reside with you shall have the same law on the same ordinance. The Christian ministers have forgotten the words from Galatians that among the baptized there was no longer a Jew or a Greek, there was no longer slave or a free, there was no longer male or female. There was only. Oh God. 27 after one at 5. 60 WQA I got something good for you, and everybody can enjoy with your diabetic or just a normal everyday joe. And that's intract diabetic. It's a delicious meal replacement drink that sweetened with splendor, which is made with sugar so you don't have that nasty aftertaste like the drinks they're sweetened with asper asper tame or saccharine. They taste like asper tame. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. And restive vetacas are completely balanced. Nutritional supplement they provide Jews with all the essential vitamins of minerals you need for a healthy life, plus fiber and the oxidants you get the good news is, it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too. And restive vetacas gluten free and lactose free and 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of easy digested nutrition. It's not all over town. I'm more and more people are picking up and drinking it and doing it. Publics, Walgreens, Eckards, Navarro, Sedanos, CVS and other local pharmacies you'll find in all over town. And, the makers are so sure going to love it. They're offering you a free two pack right now. Free full-size samples, one vanilla one chocolate. If you just call that tool free number. 1, 8, 6, 6, 6, 8, 3, 6, 8, 37, 39. Be sure to tell that Neil sent you by for the delicious one and get you some additional special gift when you call. You can order faster if you want on their website at www.enoresteavetac.com. Just click on words as free samples or make that tool free call and get you some free samples in a mail. Call 1, 8, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, 37, 39. Why am I in local? We're sports video 5, 60, 21, 2, 8, 8, 8. You're a fan. I was on my way to work in the snow and not knowing the motor in the snow was my size. Oh, I could write on a stolen and low and beholden. I slipped and cracked my head and then my die. But I left you in a diet. So try it. You like it and just run on the thing I might in my watch yourself. It tastes good for a nice summer head. So you don't crack open your head. I die it's a banana with you too. Oh, my God, my hearty was fat. It had a hard problem. Man. And died because of it. I'm saying that evil people are the pita people. Yeah. It's right. I'm going to be crazy. I'm going to be crazy in a bed bug. Now what is this on my, I'm telling you, I don't, we need to be until midnight. Or play a little more Lincoln Park to me. I like that series. Just email me on 18, you're a veteran of the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office is accused of stealing wallets of cash from six men during traffic stops. But a great way to make a living. He was marauding the Guants. In one case, threatening to arrest a man who questioned his question about the missing money and the threatening to have him deported. Oh, happens to me. I'm all the time. They defy the James Ticketicoes. 41. Resign was charged with grand theft. A third degree felony is accused of stealing more than 76 or bucks from Guadamala and Mexican guys. While he was on duty. And I create duty. He was doing his duty. That's another thing in Palm Beach. Jesus, there's someone I got one piece of news and it's all a carry business that's going on. And everything else. So I have an approved student sex magazine. Oh, thank God. Don't let them Michael Powell. See, that's going to be next. Oh, look at this. I can't believe it. We're all going to burn in hell for watching this incubus. Biggie of video more than once in a day. Oh, anyway, see right after they finished with the cable and with the satellite and everything else. That's going to be the anything in print books magazines. They might have to burn a few of those books. That's correct. And some of the people that wrote them to. We're going to be burning witches at the stake in Salem again. Harvard University is approved as student magazine about sex. Oh, my God. That will feature arts, sex advice and fiction as well as photographs of undressed Harvard under graduate. Oh, right. We are aware of the fact that some segments of the population would find the contents of this tasteful said as social dean Judith H. Kid, no relation to Trevor Kid, a member of the 14 person board that if who's all student organizations. However, the committee considered this to be an issue of freedom of speech. And my question would be, what's that? I don't know. Never heard of it. Freedom of speech. You know, I'm not a big fan of his. He makes me sick. Mel Carmesan. But he made a good point yesterday. Probably many others that didn't hear. And that is that they continue making all of these threats to commission. But they never tell a broadcast is what the real regulations are. They have these vague and, you know, they won't really define it for you. It's like having a big, gigantic highway of brand new highway they build. And all the smokies are sitting around with their radar to take with their radar guns. And they won't tell you what the speed limit is. Well, you figure it out. Well, let you know when you break it. Right. What's the mean like George W. flying to the sky with those wings? That's not him. He has a mustache paste of him. The committee made up of faculty, Stephen students approved H. Bar Magazine to day with a 12th and nothing vote. The vote lets the magazine publishes a apply for funding, but doesn't guarantee the money. When it would be published as uncertain, the magazine can't take its photos on university property. A policy that applies for all of school's undergraduate publications. Vacher and Swarthmore colleges also have 16 magazines though H. Barham is the first such publication for Harvard. Harvard, Croc and Newspapers through a described H. Barham is a porn magazine, but spokesman dispute that description of the statement released by Harvard itself. We are proposing what we are proposing is an outlet for literary and artistic expression that is both deserved and needed not a pornographic magazine. See, if their naked people in there must be pornographic porn? No. Just like our website, we got some naked people on there. There is a pornographic porn? No. Thirty. I think I saw the three wisely these on this video. There is sometime too. Wise guy. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What do you think is the best recording artist to group of the past 10 years? Dave Matthews Band is so far ahead that winning hands down your pants. Not even close. WQAM Hello. Hey, how are you doing bud? Okay. I got a name for your polymer. Yes sir. 311? Yeah. Might have to look that out. Not very popular. They are good band bud. How long have you been around? It's about 10 years, not 10 years, but they don't get much airplay. That's 12. Okay. I got a couple of things too. You know, but we've watched an Afghanistan channel last week and it's your actual newsy on that channel. I'm glad you have plucked the magic twangers you've been lately. Excellent. So I don't want to get on them off though. No, no speaking of right language, man. We don't care about them. They can say you do whatever they want. Right. One more thing I want to do. I'll get over to my dad as sure. D-sit. Right. I was driving down a sample a couple of months ago and I seen something on a billboard. You might like to be on a church. It said, got accepted. Me now. They'll figure it out. But not starting to advertise it. Got to sense one? Got accepted. I didn't get on your knees. Oh, knee was okay. All right. Oh, my God. It actually said that. And I wanted to call you a couple of months ago. Yeah, never go. I'm a phone. That's enough to maybe drop a big load right in this chair effect. I think I just did. Have a great day, Kelly. Thank you, too, buddy. Thanks. How do you like that? Got it, chef's knee male. All right. All right. We got pilots on airlines now. Preacher, the poor bastards, the captive audience on a plane. We got, for a business, I go ahead and put in a billboards over about God. Those this and God does that. And God accepts knee male as to get on your knees, which, of course, the priest have a lot of practice saying that. Man. And in a meantime, everything's going to go on a hand basket. I think the crazy people have taken over a mirror. I'm so lonely, correct? Wow. I'm so lonely, yeah. Twenty-two or five, six, D, W, Q, and President's Day is just a few days away on Monday and all this. And every President's Day for whatever the reason that you know what the significance of that is? Day off? No, no, I don't mean that. I mean the fact that they run the mattress sale every President's Day all the bedding and department stores. I guess because George Washington with the father of our country and he slept around. I don't know. Anyway, if you're at this time, the bedding and department stores run the phony sales. They double the price, then they say, look, we're giving a half off and it's right back to where it started. If you don't want to get sucked in by that crap, if you want to re-erock bottom prices on the best mattress is going every day, 365 days a year, you know what to do? But I've been doing three years in George B. doing in Boca Brian and McGill. And even the youngsters fat boy just make one easy call to 1-800 mattress dialometrist and you'll be sleeping like a baby for years to come. No phony sales, no bait and switch, no repost, just every day serious rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going anywhere. Seely, surd a Simmons King Quill, tempered and now even stirrens and foster hewit. Choose from dozens and zillions of models at low-on-beatable everyday discount prices and keep in mind. Only dialometrist it lets you choose a convenient to art-living window that meets your schedule. When you're going to be home any day the week seven days from 8 in the morning till 10 and night and they actually show up. They take away the crappy smelly old bed instead of the bended wood and roasted charge and believe you me, you'll be have a big smile on your post. The easiest piece of shopping you can ever do with just one easy phone call, 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out online at macros.com. My life and low, this is 4th-RED-O-Py-60. 2-way, yeah. Congratulations, get a life. You've been poised doors now, the Janet Jackson Toppas doll comes complete with Terroway Velcro top. Mom, I can see Janet's movies, hey, there's cool. The Janet Jackson Toppas doll. Congratulations! The ladies all kind of make it. Put naked as good. That's fantastic. And coming soon, the Michael Jackson Terroway Velcro nose. I got you nose. 145 at 5.60 WQAM. Just in case you missed this earlier, Miss Drugs is filming at the mouth. A world exclusive no less must credit the Dredge report. Did I just credit the Dredge report I think I just did? Campaign Dramarroch Democrats carry fights off media probe of recent alleged infidelity rivals predict ruin. Oh my God. A frantic behind the scenes drama is on 40th Mount Senator John Kerry and is quest to lock up the United States's first Democratic nomination of President, the Fudge Report can reveal. In Trees surrounds a woman who recently fled the country, reportedly at the prodding of Kerry the Dredge report is learned. A serious investigation of the woman in the nature of her relationship with Senator Kerry has been underway at time magazine ABC News, The Washington Post, The Hill and The Associated Press where the woman in question once worked. A close friend of the woman first approached the reporter late last year, claiming fantastic stories, stories that now threaten to turn the race for the presidency on its head. In an off-the-record conversation with a dozen reporters earlier this week, General Wesley Clark finally stated, Kerry will implode over an intern issue, three reporters in attendance confirmed clock made the startling statements. The Kerry, a commotion is why Howard Dean is turned increasingly aggressive against Kerry in recent days and is the key reason why Dean reversed his decision to drop out of the race after Wisconsin Top Campaign Services till the infamous Fudge Report. Now, USA today says today, in fact I got, I don't know if I have time. Okay? Okay. Because I got two of them, one for the New York Daily News, one for the USA today. See, I think what we're discovering is that they're all a bunch of scumbags, so let's start all over again and we'll like Michael Moore. Oh, just a point of view. Okay? Alright. Michael Moore for President and Martin Scheme for VP. He can hang out in the West Wing. USA today reports as Texas Governor George W. Bush prepared to run for President in the late 1990s, top ranking Texas National Guard officers and Bush advised who discussed ways to limit the release of potentially embarrassing details from Bush's military records as former senior officer of the Texas Guard said yesterday. A second former Texas Guard official spoke only on condition of anonymity was told by a participant that commanders and Bush advisors were especially worried about mentions of the records of a rest of Bush before he joined the National Guard in 1968. The second official said, it's a second former Texas Guard official spoke only on condition of anonymity was told by a participant that commanders and Bush advisors were especially worried about mentions in the records of a rest of Bush before he joined the National Guard in 1968. It'll be those DUI. It's billed vircots and a top advised of the State Guard commander said he over conversations in which superiors discussed cleansing the file of damaging information. The White House dismissed the case. The White House dismissed the case yesterday. It is an outrageously false statement said White House's communication director Dan Bartlett, who handled the records in late 1990s as an aid to Governor Bush. Administration officials dismissed the case. Two forms in Bush's public release military files. His enlistment application in a background check contained blackout entries response to questions about convictions. Bush acknowledged in biographies published in 1999 that he was arrested twice before he listed in the International Guard, once for stealing a wreath and another time for routing this at a yellow Princeton football game. The nature of what was blackout in Bush's records is important because certain legal problems, such as drug or alcohol violations, could have been evasives for denying an applicant entering to the guard or pilot training. Admission to the guard and to pilot school was highly competitive at the time the head of the war in Vietnam. The National Guard said it privacy is the reason for blacking out answers the full armart records have never been released. Bartlett didn't respond when his data were requested release the records with nothing blacked out, which Bush could do as the subject of the records. Bartlett says that the state guard commander Major General Daniel James III discussed cleansing Bush's military files of embarrassing or incriminating documents in the summer of 1997. At the time, Berke was able to attend Colonel Chief Advisor to James, he says he was just outside James's open office door when his boss discussed the records on a speaker phone with your alba who was then Governor Bush's chief of staff. In Berke's account, alba told James that Bush's press secretary Karen Hughes was preparing a biography needed information on Bush's military service. In an interview, Berke said he'd be called alba's words, we certainly don't want anything that is embarrassing in there. Berke said he immediately told to others about the conversation and noted it in a daily journal letter kept. The two officers George Con and Dennis Adams confirmed he was stated in 2002 that Berke told him of the conversation within days. Soon afterward there was a series of meetings of top commanders at Texas Guard headquarters at Camp Maybury. Bush's records were carried between the base of our coves in the headquarters building, according to Berke and in the second guard official who was there. The meetings were confirmed in a 2002 interview by USA today with William Leon who was the state guard's feet with information officers in the 90s. He was involved in discussions about what to release. Beyond the time to comment on the substance of the meetings except to say, we were making sure we released it properly and we made sure we didn't need timely manner. Con tech at home was then, he refused to talk to reporter. He even said, don't ever call me again at home, I'll call your publisher and sue you. Got that? Got it. Berke at first made his allegation just before the 2000 election when it was carried on some Internet sites, but when largely unreported by the mainstream news media, the issue we surface yesterday in the Dallas morning news is Bush's military record took center stage in a presidential campaign again. Oh man, it's just enough to make it weak, you know. We crank up the FM if you could find a station and play some real music or just crank up you know what I'm using channels. If you had a whole bunch of good ones like some of us have like right here, ask the love you. It's going to be going on tomorrow, from time. Like maybe this. That's where the older women are going to the young. Oh, I'm going to be the one who brought the old man. Oh, better cut that out right away. You never know what he's going to say. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I'm going to make that. Everything's going right now. Don't back that ass up man. Oh, oh, geez. 151 and 560WM your pure as I re-snow station for the rest of the time from now to the end of time. Hey, speaking of Dr. Rackens, everybody in their brothers on a low carb diet. I don't know what he's going to say. If you're on the akin sugar buses, any of the low carb that you know how hard it is to find really tasty low carb stuff. All kinds of goodies. I mean, to me, this fine, the cheese is good. The eggs are great. The seafood is fine, fabulous. But you need more than that. You need some taste. And that's why your love delight to waste book because it's the only story of its kind. It's got over a thousand low carb products in stock to choose from including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, love them crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta and sauces, ketchup, cheese cakes and lots more. They are free to wireless selection anywhere in the universe. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the AM to 10 PM. One of the good things is that the lights as you can try anything the story to make sure you like it before you bite. In fact, some of the stuff that's got sorbet on it, try it and then kind of like water around the story. I do some shopping before you decide what you want to eat anymore. And of course, they've got the largest selection of adkin brands product that are on sale today. Next, Lucas on poram and every day. So the low carb diet rate of number one by a lot of people and certainly this is the number one low carb sugar free store in the world. The lights of us book on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston market who amazing we are still in business. column toll free at 1-877 low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B. Run a web you'll find more info at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one the lights of us book it's your official adkins retail centers. You call that a penis? There's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When he makes no ego, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Recto notice a car in her vagina she don't mind. All right. Where he don't know where her stogigos. I can see how there was some confusion between human, your and human or. And then I can saw the term Cedar box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That means he was working hard late nights in the overreofest. Working on a practical joke. He took a maconudo put an explode in. Loading for Monica was blowing rings up slow. He's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes no ego, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar in her vagina she don't mind. For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A band the linking bedroom she was moaning. Moaning how God was doing her with bills old fun. Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes no ego. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Raccoon. Raccoon. Car and her vagina she don't mind. For candy you think of her. You can't just master his master. Oh yeah, her vagina. What she got to do is take a tip of her lips. Can't put in a grandma. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, her vagina. And I'll tell you one thing if I wrap to see another farting horse in a TV spot. Isn't it amazing? It would have been behind the horse for a farting horse. Oh, this matter. No, I have seen horses like drop the big loads of the track that goes on all the time. Anyway, if you're a harness driver, you don't want to be sitting at two close. Here's the deal. Who do you think is the best recording group to come along in the past ten years? Dave Matthews. Bad 119. Wow. Okay 42 radio head 40. Shania 38. Pro's 30 to two. Full fighters 32. That's great. Shockingly surprised. Nor Jones 32. M&M 31. Couting. Crow's 27. Lincoln Park 23. Cole plays 17. Kid Rock 17. Chica 13. And down from there. Limbis could pretty limp with the only 11. Mad dogs coming up along. Next. When William comes and gets out. He's going to be on like from two to midnight. I'll tell you that Jason Williams is like, good guy, but miss Andrew Stewart. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Daddy. Yeah, it was my fault. I don't know.