Looks like he's outfield. Better pay for a hotmail season later. It's gonna be a long winter. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. It's my rearing. I'm not a cold here. I'm not the one raided. I'm a mohaw and they've been in his home. They put it in my aspirations. They're away from me. I don't even hire children. They're above. I want your take on J.P. J.P. They're great. I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not the legend. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah. He's gonna be good at what you say here. Oh, thank you, ma'am. No, no, no, wait a minute. I have nothing else to say. How about this? How's the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I have a girl. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old, uh, tentatia. How's that? My way to. That was the only color we had. The thing's on your nose is blowing again. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no, no. I don't wanna get off the trampoline. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, oh, no. Is that what I like? Is that with feelings that we know from each other all day? Yes, yes. I mean, it's that, so is it for us like friends? I don't think that means one word to each other. Oh, no. Oh, my life. No. Oh, no. Oh, no. Adriana. I know the clothes once I've been steams almost every day I've been And my veins are slowly starting to grow My eye to know it and we enjoy the noise Yeah I love my top ball of the bag And I'm gonna cook the old bar And I know that's real with what we're all doing Yeah I love my top ball of the bag And I'm gonna cook the old bar Oh no that's real I love my top ball of the bag Oh no that's real I love my top ball of the bag It's a 10.03.5.60 WDQM Happy Thursday to get the QM traveling circus Where it never ends Not one toe ever hits the ground Wow what a place Anyway we'll get to all of that husseride that's going on around the station Most of which should point out is fabricated but nevertheless We like to put on a good act for you And very jackass of course very willing Hey Barry don't ever assume that whatever great tells you is the truth You're just a pimp you're just a mole and you just say One of those twizzling that's your role in life His role is a mole Bad news Okay Well we always get the depth Now those two soldiers had died yesterday morning That evidently wasn't important I've ever to make it into the news again It did happen But now there's all kinds of violence and bloodshed in Iraq The intelligence law and a can that term insurgents say And that's a catch all insurgents It must be al Qaeda no Insurgents law coordinated tax today against police and government buildings less than a week before the handover of sovereignty 69 people including three more American soldiers Were killed in more than 270 injured Iraq and US officials said The large number of attacks mostly directed at Iraqi security services Could signal the beginning of a push by insurgents To torpedo the June 30th Power transfer in Baghdad the health ministry said at least 66 people were killed And to a bit 68 injured nationwide over the figures did not include US did not injured So at least five more US soldiers killed them last two days And the madness the bloodshed and insanity continues Anyway On a brighter note we got Renee Russo on our Abihonda be to curtain nothing today That is brighter Yeah, that's a good picture. Thank goodness it's an old picture from back in the day when she looked not to bad An old picture of the young Renee Russo Right, because frankly she's an old bag she was born February 17th, 1954 in Burbank, California And then there's a whole deal here. She grew up on a wrong side of the tracks in Burbank But we don't have time to approach you around with that It been an amazing movie's big trouble night in the 2002 show time The adventures Iraqi and Bolwingco Thomas counterfeir, lethal weapon, foe, buddy Ransom, tin cup, get shorty, get your cholty, out great, major league 2 in line of fire lethal weapon, three free jack one good cop and a whole bunch of other stuff She been in Zidin movies everybody knows Renee Russo I want to take a look at you say oh yeah, she's look pretty good All the time ago Huh? That's it how you do it Renee Here's yesterday's pull result, 1535 votes Which and you're right you were right I'm shocked Even with all the time that he had to catch up I guess you're that those bad knees must be doing it to OJ He just couldn't catch up to this movie Looked and gippin along Which of these people best fits this description Somebody famous who used to like but now you hate him like poison poison poison Dennis Miller I'll be asked with the I never like in the first place So I can't really say adequate like you know the Saturday night live No, I never thought he was fun. I thought he was like just so so low key is to be coma inducing I mean I didn't dislike him by didn't like him Anyway, 356 people did like him on the bottom time and I hate him like poison He wins the thing 356 OJ though made a good run at it Especially with those arching legs 321 for OJ for the double murdering a sass no lives in Kendall And whose daughter hates him like poison Feel hungry 2608 Are you sure pretty strong through there for Phil who used to be one of our favorite people I'm quickly turned on a dime into a right wing lick hole Ralph later, 21 a dotting old egotistical fool who just won't take up for an answer And the word is now that that black caucus meeting the other day There was screaming and gnashing and carrying on on key table I'll speak it about Tuesday when they had that vote in the Senate 99 to 1 Yeah, I'm the Senate and decency bill for a broadcast I forgot to mention yesterday since we don't we don't try to make any excuses for our Herman Munster John Kerry of course was one of those 99 quizlings those cowards that said oh sure we'll go along with it How's that? Steve Geldig Geldig Geldig comes in a moderate fifth year with 88 votes Are the odd man out? We'll get to that moment here like Geldig that I think is the only part of that story that really has got any legs to it If I can say that you're going to be out pretty soon So enjoy that eight to ten slot while you can because it's only very temporary rhymes with Mary And colon Powell 84 read on Geldig's ass roll and colon You know if he says it it must be a lie touch met the snitt nister 42 Jerry Lewis had 40 Arnold Schwarzenegger 32 Dion Sanders 31 Fred Durst 29 lot of people think Fred Durst is the worst Phil Jackson 23 mr. Ego Steve came 22 which I was like about half of his audience Elton John 16 now why don't we like him now? As long as you're bad now, well does that mean we don't like him? We just turned out it because he made so many good ones right right I like him then But you don't hate him now like I don't want it Well bad to happen to him. This is certainly Dick Morris 15 John McCain 13 Bobby Novak 13 What a be on death row right now Pat Riley nine Tom jica seven for a little time It's not personal time. It's business. They hate you like poison because you just absolutely refuse to get in touch with the reality What's going on this business and you write all those prep pieces about the TV shows which any idiot can write that crap And they've a brand five the former voice of the Marlins who screwed over his to buddy Joe Angel and then said oh, I'm leaving by the way one of those kind of guys now I've just heard the ass end of my good friend Mo show and I got some bad news those who are waiting for me to come back to town And And conserve my good best personal friend the moment. He told George in a hallway that we will not be doing any tongue action no kiss about a lips Well the fact that there won't be any kissing on lips doesn't this is you know business certainly mean there won't be any tongue action Rice won't be on the lips. There you go. You can dozle and hug right cuttle sure spoon bond But I don't think so I might end coffee's here piece, but that's about it, but at any rate I just heard the ass end of a show and he said Neil you don't have to worry about any material for today because Greg read once again Makes the whole show for you. He just the Greg read is just beyond description. Yeah Greg. Greg. All I can tell you man is you are a real idiot. That's all I can say to you man And of course this basically what you've got here is an overgrown child a sports nerd a child. I have no right who is It's got an ego bigger than the entire universe. I mean just out of control ego So therefore he just sits with his little spoons pounding on the table wanting attention kind like Like what's his name in the cook who's best goes his name catch what tesswick Rest in peace. I want attention. I want attention In fact, you're imagine we're a little bit of somebody like that that used to like going to court on quiet. We didn't get enough attention When he showed up at our appearances He wants attention. He wants everybody to take a look at him and how he's a big shot. He's going to decide this and he's going to decide that and he's going to drag all of these people through all of this crap And very jackass is column in a hero because very is a quiz link and he'll write any damn thing that Greg tells him hey Greg if you want to fight out who the mole is just looking to mirror I mean, Pelalagosi, using these days. So look at the mirror that he left behind and take a look there is the mole for you. Okay, a big Pussfield. It's not a boil. It's not a tumor. It's a mole. He's a toma. Right. I think we'll need to break first because then we'll get it to the very jackson column which always not that long But I do like the last part of it though The last sentence is so juicy man. You can do anything my boi on by the way. It was a boil. It's healing up beautifully for those who care and I think I did a masterful job with that pin Man, oh man. It was just a just a one hell of an operation nasty smelly oozy just but I done a good job I can yield the doctors in. Let's do the break. It's matter of fact, but it may be all the breaks right or once just in case the audio of all crap's out again Yeah, never know. Thanks for the great equipment to buy the way Greg down there the good equipment is all here. We're not letting any of you have it that has probably why yelton wanted to break in hero for her last week while his on vacation He probably wanted to shift back down there a bunch of the good stuff from here. No chance fix it go fix something else get lost 11 past 10 at five 60 WQM circus Emerald co-sufford is best Asian buffet is still going strong now that guy to call it yesterday who didn't said it wasn't up to stuff Yeah, it must have been him. Maybe his taste buds were off that day. I've never had anybody who didn't rave about the great food. I've eaten there a zillion times and once you go to the first time you'll go back again For a real feast. Emerald co-starf is you sensational mouthwatering. This is everything is fresh and delish Start with fantastic soup six different ones. Doesn't the second of an entree is like New York strip made order. There's his lignation grill along with a brand new whoon on fish Main lobster thermator style. There's donor crab oysters on a half shell. There's handcar per member cook exactly the way you like it brand new Thai specialties too a full salad bar a full Chinese food line up their brand new sushi bar of course fresh See you cocktail and don't forget no MSC headaches when you leave the Emerald coast is the big fat smile on your push on your big fat puppet because they don't use any MSG They don't use any cornstarch. They don't cope with any garbage. They use only the finest ingredients including even cholesterol free oils And if you have any room after a feast like this, which means you're real pig, but why not go for it? They got a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream and are your favorite toppings in fresh fruit too The perfect end to a big pig out. Emerald coast relocations for you if you ever noticed that when you go to a place like this, there's always a big Big humongous guy standing right in the middle just and then a whole bunch of them following waiting online Huge guys three locations for your pepper pines sunny hours and sunrise So take the whole family your book in our business lunch and right now take out livi available to they were voted number one buys to get restaurant reviews And WSV and news is settled as best Asian buffet and they are absolutely correct about that Call now to acquire bottom of coast birthday opportunities call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two For the world-flinging Emerald coast Chinese buffet QM Suck it in and hold it What the f*** are you late? This year's the full sausage made fresh by the tournament is it? I like it so much I'm gonna kill you Oh Another witton band dead word sausage is made for 100% human fan board for down home fresh It's strawberry This is trade for the whole family made from people about people ship direct year grossest freezer for me I like you Good food ten seventeen at five sixty WM the Supreme Court the fastest on the Supreme Court voted seven to two the Dictane he doesn't have to turn over his um to energy task force or records of confidential records You don't have to turn them over Yeah, as long as you go something would just go again and let's him get all the bird right Joe Rose taking on also the a death toll in Iraq is now at the 83 It's massive blood shed and the violence and the hundreds injured and 83 dead all right today's only the 24th we got six days to go until the big turnover the big turnaround the big handoff the big Walk off Speaking of walking off Joe Rose taking week off WQM future up any or another in Cipid column by Barry Jackass and the anxious Miami hero this morning Is the matter fair when I heard moment that comment at the end of the show about the world Greg Reid took care of your whole show today Which of course he did not but nevertheless certainly the beginning part here You know why immediately did pick up a newspaper no, I didn't pick it up. I went to the Miami hero website And I've typed in very Jack asked and sure enough see my put my computer's program to go to the when I type in very jackass They knew what I'm talking about the brown bag kid. Hey, by the way. His mommy still pack it. You good lunch Barry Every she's very and guilty together. No, same person Anyway Joe Rose taking week off WQM future up in a year. I don't think just Joe Rose's future I'm thinking to hold radio station up in here when Greg is at the at the home a Manifistly if I go and be surprised if he starts walking around in a hallway like company bullguard and King on mutiny rule in him steal balls a crazy person There you go Greg In the latest installment of WQMs never ending soap opera morning host Joe Rose said Wednesday He's frustrated that general manager Greg Reed has an aton me with him and doesn't know if he wants to return to the station I'd be like that. Oh my god mean time read city as an aside at a frozen be invited back on all that is bullcrap Because the rumors I'm here from all around the building is that Joe was ahead his meeting yesterday He'll be back this weekend, but nevertheless just pretend I didn't say that okay? Oh say what because whatever you thought I said because it's much more exciting to have very writing all of this melodramatic crap Rose the lead sportscaster at NBC 6 is taking this week off from WQM and cities been working without a contract for eight months since replace in the fired Scott for real that was the beginning of the end as far as we're all concerned Thanks for really equating a nightmare although he wasn't the only He said he's been trying to meet with read to get a situation terrified and determining direction of the station He also wants to know if he'll continue to work alone on his a to tell him show It will be paired with someone such as Steve guilty gels team The GM doesn't have time to talk to me Rose said Read continues to mold what to do with his morning lineup keeping him out of court That this is the guy that broke the egg two and a half years ago Destroyed it and now we can't put the pieces he's the hunting dump the evradio Can't put the pieces of the egg back together again can you Greg? No, he said he's still considering picking up Howard Stern syndicated show But that would leave the station vulnerable to potential FCC fines Erring steering show might also be poorly received by dolphins management Let me tell you right now boys and girls the chances of Howard Stern being on his radio station on the scale of minus infinity Are less than that whatever is less than minus infinity and I'm not talking about infinity broadcasting That's the chances of Howard Stern being on this station none none less than none in fact the chances of Howard Stern being back on in this market are none Much less than none and much much much much less than none I'm not saying that's my choice, but that's just the that's the truth now if you can't handle the truth ghosty Jack Nicholson He'll straighten your ass out now here comes my favorite part of the whole story Barry you find it at something good sweetheart Be by the way, do you think Barry Jackson has a penis? I really doubt it Well, you go check. No God no When I saw him at the airport here a few years ago, he he like kind of why you know who I am I said no. I'm Barry Jackson. Oh great And I thought to myself yeah, you look like Barry Jackson you look like the ultimate nubbish where's the brown bag Barry? Yeah, a lot of the things you say about near true Man, but if you look up puts in the dictionary you'll see Barry Jack asses picture next to it What a match made in heaven man Greg Reed and Barry Jack. Wow Anyway, here's my favorite part of the whole story. It's coming to win end right now Because goldstein will be doing panthers radio play by play next season read said He's not sure whether he wants to continue using him on a talk show And here's the best of the whole deal Howard David and goldstein paired on the five-way to M show are not expected continue working together long-term What a surprise Let me read that last sentence again because it gives me a quiver in my Breakfast on I read it Howard more Howard David and Goldstein paired on the five to eighty M show are not expected continue working together long-term That's the understanding of the of all time Wow, I'd like that Speak for itself. Yeah, sure does this whole play speaks for itself. Here's today's pool. I almost forgot about that Well, we got so much crap going on then when I read these damn liners that clearance sent me here What's that we these two or three times at a big time to go home already good, golly All of this trash and all this swill just time consuming garbage if you miss QAM's coverage of the NHL entry draft is Saturday You might miss a chance to win autograph Roberto Lwongo jersey in Lungo a Lwongo's best or King game season ticket plan for two and lower bull Oh, this is this is another scam This is another one of those panthera deals to register log on a WQM dot com. That'll listen to QM's NHL entry draft coverage this Saturday from 1132 with squeaky For your name to be announced is the grand prize winner. Wow. I can't wait Too bad we don't have rumored to be doing that of course He's a high-tailed out of town. I scored remember good choice But we got guilty. We got squeaky there to handle it. We have judgment on it. Oh, no. We got squeaky in the clown It is a circus, you know, squeaky in the clown Randy Mowler who of course is the communications director of the whatever it all that means It's just it's just such a silly place. Here's the poll today What correct American political figure has the biggest pair of cohones cohones? I say cohones because we have a lot of glam cohones. I got Howard Dean was my choice. Yeah My don't have to move. I'll just to put on it right about political figurative We want to put Michael more on there with a movie coming out to Marguess. We do because you know we've got a politician That's why I ordered that way to leave an opening for fat Mike. There you go Because he certainly a political figure He may say Bella for Buddha what a big girl if I go in it So we'll put Michael more on here at least the Josh will if he knows what's good form So that takes care of that that's your poll and I may be we won't have a human being I have a lot of names on there When you got to have somebody It's yours how I could have be scary John Kerry after caving in I realized that it was tacked Out of the fence appropriations bill, but nevertheless is not or fact speaking of that bill Representative job and the idea that Howard Stern is gonna be on this radio station Especially with other tourists that we have coming that you don't know about yet, but it the that idea is so ludicrous Especially in a lot of these increased fines, which it's not finalized yet, but it will be you can take that to the back Even that Greg's life on it not fine. Why? Representative Joe Barton We're fine chairman of the House Commerce Committee said yesterday that amendments that would increase to $275,000 the maximum finally FCC can live E for an individual violation of its broadcast and decency rules and additionally invalid the FCC's June 2003 media ownership rules were diluted You must be diluted because they were diluted as a result the House will likely be fused to accept the amendments in their present form They watered down the bill and then they added some things that were extraneous Barton told writers I don't think the House will accept what the Senate did quite honestly, but we certainly want to have a positive dialogue with them We'll just work with them and see what we can do Barton also said he doubts the House were considerably amendments is partly the Department of Defense budget reauthorization bill The House is a privilege of legislation that will raise FCC fines too as much as a half a million dollars speech violation The FCC would also be forced to consider a licensed replication hearing for a station after three violations of the commissions in decency rules Now the giving idea let's just say that I mean at the moment we can still say We can still say that that's one of the ten words we still can say never used to be seven words we couldn't say that there's ten words we can say a V that's so anyway we wouldn't still say that but let's just assume that they decide oh you can't say crap Just just for a fun. Let's say that okay, so let's let's Let's say there's two and a half million right there There's three million three and a half four million four and a half five million dollars right there in how many seconds at about ten seconds or less Five million bucks right down the tubes Even the beeslies that don't think can handle that kind of punishment to you you think so so the idea That we're gonna put anything controversial on here. I mean if we give sports in some matter of fact We're gonna be so nervous from here on in once they finalize this bill and your president signs it That at that point we're just gonna be the scores not even the names of the teams because like if we said devil raised the marlins beat the devil raised that's bad Right, and I do want to apologize to the marlin organization because yesterday Would I gotta call about the lightning winning the Stanley cup and I was talking about the bucks one a Super Bowl and the Lightly winner Stanley cup, but the question marlins are one two world serieses is in the last seven years and they beat the ended Tampa's winning streak yesterday It doesn't isn't that right Josh. Yes, it is Isn't that correct? Okay, and does this checking just making sure that I'm on a right page With mobile and all these other sports experts we got News Go Tocké on a sports show trying to be my show Your boy sounds driving a years old girl Sports whole show. What else are you there for, Gellie? Gellie's at talking like a baby. Who needs a little draining. Like an angel on their stand. You don't sound like a man. We fool the rubber bands. That choke. Your stroke, Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Your lucky management, Gellie. Gellie. You don't belong there on the air. Gellie. The sports can wait till your voice cracks. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. Gellie. Gellie. When you're going to grow up, you make us want to grow up. You feel a squeaky boo. Go to broadcasting school. Your free to get sick, boys. Make you sound like a fudge. Your rough hugs. Your rough hugs. I'm dying over here. You're the eye man. I feel they make no mistake about that. Mowing through the work of my good buddy. Mowing. He will have nothing to do with you at this point. And certainly, Joe don't watch on there. It's probably why he walked out this week. He's probably not too happy that you're even filling during those two hours. You know, it's really amazing. The lengths that the talking head network's go to to distort and twist and manipulate the news. The story that they just had on their breathlessly on CNN, breaking news. The Supreme Court totally missed represented the story. Here's what the Associated Press says. The Supreme Court refused today to order the Bush administration to make public secret details. A vice president dictates an energy task force, but. Kept the case alive by sending it back to a lower court. Justice is said by seven or two vote that a lower court should consider whether a federal open government law can be used to get documents of the task force. That a citizen extends the legal fight over the information. Justice is could have allowed a judge to immediately move ahead with ordering the release of the papers. The case of an overshadowed by conflict of interest questions about one judge, meaning Scalia of course we all know about him. But likes to play golf for the vice president and go with duck hunting and things like that. So I didn't like that. So it's here and totally missed representing what they said. Just like somebody else, we know totally yesterday, Mr. representing the sales of the Clinton book. I don't want to pick on your good friend, Ms. Fudge, who's just a limoed rabbit today. Thank you. When it's silly hat. Walter Winshal want to be. To me, it's in more like a freaky Carlos want to be. If you ask me at any rate, yesterday's got all the book. And after I ripped him on the ear that he puts a little bird by their O.S.C.N. And here's the link to the CNN story about how the book is breaking all records. And then he puts butt. But sales not too big in Al tuna. Not with the asset in the world on fire. Or even New York. Not killing him in epsilon. Not not going to dead in the view. Man, oh man, you silly screaming self-hating faggot you man. It's just pathetic. I notice all that stuff is disappeared now that this story is out today. As in the truth, you know, most got a stomach on that. Absolutely. You want the truth come to this show. You want Bullcraft go to the Fudge Report, go to Guilty. Go to one of those silly ass shows where they just make a bunch of crap to try to get attention. Like a bunch of little kids in his sandbox. Bill Clinton's memoir My Life said a record for first day nonfiction sales with 400,000 copies bought in the U.S. The former president's publisher said, yes, turd day. With Clinton's 957 page told selling so well on its first day, publisher Alfred A. Knopf said it's ordered another 725,000 copies from printers in addition to an initial printer, 1.5 million copies. There's some of them like halvah in Jerusalem man. There's some of them like lackeys in Manhattan. This is a record breaking number for a work of nonfiction said sonny made a president of not publishing group added that sales where it's straight exceedingly strong and other countries too, I'm going to have to check that out. Oh, and it just goes to the book sales not hung. I heard he wasn't doing so well at Somalia. I heard that it missed a song at 8.7 on it all. That's what Don Sherry told me. Another redneck. In addition to the book sales, Knopf said Clinton racked up first day audio books sales a 35,000. My life was published on Tuesday, a mid-Amedia Blitz was often given several high profile TV interviews appear on the coverage of time magazine. While the first review of the book from New York Times called the memoir, Sloppy, self-indulgent, often eye crossing Lee Dull reviews on Wednesday were mixed. The book is messy and long-winded. Clinton dodges enough questions to raise his detractors' blood pressure into stroke range. I like that. Maybe they should all have a stroke, which we would say. There's an up policy walking, this is political minutia, this had to plan to snore the Tread Free Press Road. But there's a wonderful natural list of Clinton's writing in my life and enough insights of this puzzling man that's well worth talking to the $35 down the newspaper said. The times of London was less forgiving. Anyone who buys my life for their own holiday is going to be his disappointed as Monica Lewinsky, the newspaper wrote, only in the pre-publication interviews that even explained in the novel famous phrase that he had sex with his indian because he could. Clinton reportedly was pay 10 million dollars of advance by now. See, that's the only thing that might have talked to him about his monoclewood skin and blood rest and the jobs and that stuff. What else is there? No, I see. Good point. That's like guilty. What else is there to be said that's squeaky voice? Jerry and Venea Springs says after my last relationship, the Kerry found that we see the news led to let me know that they're having Kerry house parties across the US. They had a place to check where the closest one was to me. You could check one, three, five, ten or twenty, five miles. I checked them all. There's not one Kerry house party within twenty five miles of my zip code. Well, maybe you can go to the art link that our house party instead. I know you often know like articles. Thanks to you, I'm sure you didn't read this one. Was that a troll that is for Myers News Press? No, Jerry, that one doesn't get around here. This was brave thing for this newspaper. Dozens we live in this large Republican stronghold. Sometimes I feel so alone here. So poor Jerry's in old rednicky, fully disprings. Now, did you actually pass me the story or is this something? That's all I got because you got all these priest stories from here again. You can sing a little like poetry. Poison the minds of the audience. I'm going to have to sit there. Will you be down on you guy on you? You can watch it. Man, I'd love some time. Were that evil looking. That, you know, he belongs in South Florida because he's got that hateful looking as I. I would love to get always pissed off and fired up. WQAM hello. QAM. WQAM hello. Good to see you. Good to see you. Good to see you. Good to see you. Yes. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, do you know the name of the song at the end of Michael Morris trailer? The name of the song. This is kind of like the name of the doctor who operate on J. Feeleers. The name of the song. We'll find out. Hey, one other thing? Yeah. I saw Joe Rose at char at this weekend. Yeah. Man, does he have big boobies? Yeah, he does. He'd be wise about those. In fact, that's why Geldie wants to be on with them. I tried to grab him. I bet you did. That's why he's not on this week. He's in rehab. Anyway, these small and government prompted by Dallas Morning News Investigations moving to the port of Fugitive Catholic priest because he fell to the Stosis convict in a previous Calmolestation case when entering the country. The presuppers and the solutions of Don Bosco Religious Order. Don Bosco, wouldn't he like a with Johnny Deppinet? Also facing immigration inquiry because they too failed to make the same Disposuous set of Simega, Palayma, Kometti. I wonder what Kometti he's ahead of. The senior president of the Samoest Prime Minister of Calmolest. Those Samoest men, they all look like that. They all weigh in fat. Yeah. Yeah. More than all of them just, uh, a lot of them. Well, what do they eat? Obviously a lot. Everything they can. Probably a lot of all. There's another half made in. A 63-year-old Catholic priest of Reverend Thomas Cune pleaded, no, I wonder if he's related to Mark Cune. He used to be the PD at W.I. and see what a wimpy wimpy. Remember, he was there that night. We had the, um, the big thing with Walter Sabo. The Jackson Seminar. Yes. And there was Mark Cune. He was still shaking. He shook my hand. He was shaking. He was shaking everything. Give his hand on. You're a real wimp mark. Anyway, the Reverend Thomas Cune date and Ohio pleaded no contest. In Victor yesterday, on 11-Mr. Meiner charges, a public indecency in providing alcohol to miners. Former pastor of St. Henry Catholic Church in Miami, Township, that's my meal, Ohio. But it's convicted of one kind of public indecency. Sixth house of furnishing alcohol to miners. And four counts of your allowing miners to possess or consume alcohol on his premises. The offenses occurred to Cune's home between November 2001, January 2002. Uh, is it kind of needed to good stuff in here or is that it? But it may be, but it, that's it. So another bad priest. What a shot. I'm not a boss. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. This is the sports way you'll place it to you. You way you have. The 47 Book of Brian tells us that, uh, Alvin Lee ten years after is the, we better hear it though for ourselves just to be sure. Could make people do anything if they're afraid. If they have picked me action close, all of the airports to the United States. The all commercial and airline traffic was grounded. But we have some airplanes of authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up the summer. But a lot of these family members can transport the largest country. And little of the war, corporation, igniting the whole of the town. To figure out how much money could be made. Once that oil starts flowing, it's going to be a lot of money. Whatever it costs, that they will be. It's going to be for business, for the people. Trying to get a number of the time, because the kid's going to look for me, and I'll go with you with that. Did you want to take hatred after miles, researchers of medical and financial records? It gets long for small amounts of limited power. The way to the little of the night is principle in the middle of the night, how to Congress have this filth-grade act without even reading it. It's the dumbest thing. We don't read most of the bills. No one read. Remember the virus? This is my memoir. It was a great tune. It was a great idea. The baby's so... Oh, my gosh. The boy was his daughter. How was she? Congressman, do the streets of small town in Meridae. Do the front lines. It was interesting to have the abs. And the half-morties. Some people call you daily. I call you my base. It comes from true story that will make you a temperature rise. I call upon all nations. You everything they can to stop these terrorist killers. Thank you. Now I should go. 10 years now after my oven, but you don't have to wait 10 years to see the movie. It'll be out tomorrow at the theater near you for a minute. And then all the right wingers. Well, it was so unfair. It was so unsotted. Yeah, just like Fox News. Join the real deal, pages from Melsoff and QM noon to one day at Majestic Lachmith. All right. Located in the 1860 was 60th Street in Hailea. Stop by to pick up a pair tickets to Night's Marlins Braves game or a VIP pass to Night's NBA Draft Party at the AAA at the Mickey Errison Mayor, penis pecania arena. Now this thing that you've facts me, this is so silly. I mean, it's correct, but it's just the idea that we're going to like promote this. The person needs to hear from millions of concert Americans about the change of policy on Canadian drugs and Yadiyadiyada. And then the best part of that sentence is, and to start managing the situation with the benefit of US consumers in mind. All right. In other words, forget those big pharmaceutical companies that are given millions of millions to the politicians, including El Presidente, forget about them. Let's take care of the small people. What do you say? No. The people don't have the text, but they don't have the text. No. Sorry, we got carried away. We thought maybe guilty might be coming back. Oh. Speaking of people that have again a little carried away, Ronnie Raga and I saw him on our yesterday channel surfing. I was on about four seconds and I saw that pathetic silly queen, although it would hutch back. With the hunchback and I said, well, I don't know. Do I really want to watch this? Then I thought, well, it depends. I'm whether I had that much time. And I didn't. Because I was moving that channel, that thing real fast. Ron Raga and the younger son of the late President of Reagan criticized the Bush administration's foreign policy saying he believed the president of Mr. Americans to gain support for the Iraq war. That's what the ballet dancer said. We lied our way into the war he said on Larry King last night, referring to allegations that Saddam Hussein and weapons emancipation and direct connection to Walkata, it's a terrible mistake a terrible foreign policy area. And he's absolutely right. But that little ballet dancer looks like that. You think he's got any credibility? No. Reagan 46 a vocal opponent of his father's conservative politics said he would vote for anyone who could beat the current president. Now we're talking Ronnie. Maybe I can even fix him up with Mo. Reagan also said he was angry over the administration's opposition to human embryonic stem cell research. It's shameful he said. We're not talking about fetus, human beings are being killed. We're talking about collections of cells in a petri dish that never ever ever got to be a human being. Unlike his father. Reagan said he expected his mother to continue to speak on fair of stem cell research and antsy Reagan is long argue that such work could lead to curious for a number of diseases like the Alzheimer's disease that killed her. Ronnie Ray gone. I didn't like that. Ron Jr. the ballet dancers open up a big post. Yeah, he's going to change everything. Now we got 48 votes on a pole there not too many because you only have two choices. But that's okay. I mean if the audience would ever answer more honor and worth not. Maybe that's only two that got any balls. What career American political figures got the biggest pair of colonies. 48 votes marked Michael Moore. That's what I voted. Even I put Howard Dean on their first. I voted for old fat Michael Moore. He's got 43 in Portland Howard Dean. He's got only got five. Maybe we'll lie to the men's to the list. What do you think? I doubt it. Why is that? What are there going to be somebody out there? WQAM. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good. That's that. I think the Democrats are wasting their time running against Bush. I just started an office full. And he could have been reelected because he's going to be American heroes soon. And I read and I say that because I thought it was a full month or month to work. Whenever we're going to explain something, I think they got a lot of money. I think they know where is that. And you know, if you want real bad in the poll, you could have go over and catch the Ham and see a big hero for the Americans. And all the people who go all these are heroes. He got to the goddess. You know, started his 9-11 stuff. I'm lying. Anyway, you know, we might put John McCain on his list. But I don't think so because he tends to waffle. In fact, you know that that spotty's got where they moved the tumor from his cheek. Yeah. If you know, seriously, the appointment the cheeky goes. Like that. He's a waffler. That's a truth. That's what young people are. Oh, that's not that. And anyway, it's better in here what his last guy was Bablin. Got all mighty. Some of you people, it makes me just wonder, how do these people get through school or they just skip school all their life? Well, the Florida school system graduates anybody don't, you know? Well, what do you mean the Florida school system, the American school system? Two of us are degrees. It is really no, it's all a matter of degrees. You can't complain about education in America because generally speaking they're in any. They're do not be none. W. W. I know. Yes, sir. I got somebody to follow. All right. About January. No. You got everyone. Teed got a big pair. I'll ride. Get to get January. No, I'm there. Big old, ducky, Janet. She had to come. She's going to stand up to those crazy ramblin lunatic. She's going to be blabbering. But there are little Havana. Screaming and carrying on and the fishermen and all of that crap. Nice going. You go, boy. But old Janet Reno. As a matter of fact, that was going to be our pull question. I thought better of it. What is, uh, which attorney general can't us most much? Former US attorney general, Janet Reno, or Florida attorney general Charlie Christ. But then Mark Foley is busy. He's doing interviews so I couldn't get the answer from Mark. Come out, Mark. Wherever you are, you and Charlie Christ, all either closet queens. Maybe Miss Fudge can have a big party for you. Okay? A big affair. What do we got here? For the pull, how about Russ Feingold? Yeah, he's good. I'm disappointed in his vote the other day, but nevertheless Russ Feingold has got to be where the only US senator vote against the Patriot Act in every segment of the Iraq war. Not to mention his close spot during the campaign, fine-ass before and bill. Thank you so much, Tim, and excellent choice. Russ Feingold, you got it? We got it. Almost constant. And the great state of Wisconsin. I don't know what's so great about it. Something got a lot of beer. And what can be all bad about that? A lot of cheer and lots. He's what a great combination, right? Sure. Oh, this is good. You should have moved to the movie tomorrow. Did you take your protests this, up to Canadian with you? My protests this? Yeah, I'll go to Brian, let you want to eat this. Very excited. A lot of protests on from the 60s and such. I might, I might the producer on for it. I did get his thing yesterday about that card deal he got. I'm not going to read the name of the dealership, but boy. Yeah, talk about Boker Brian's new car adventure. Wow, wow. He went to a dealership, they made him a deal. He gets a, he gets in a car. He's driving away in the sale. If finance manager comes running out says, Wait, give me the keys back. This is amazing. We just found out you were working radio. Now did he bring this car by the other day? Yeah, it's not. What a beauty. It is. It really is. Let me drive it. Man, oh man. Crossfire. Right. That is a beauty. Like a boy. He got it from a dealer in Orlando when a fair pick that up. It says now that he has it. He rubs his naked body on it. Like I said, he used to be really cool. Speaking of cars. Well, the heat of the summer here right now. It's a great time to get out of that piece of crap. You've been driving it into a spiffy new Toyota from Armstrong, Toyota of homestead. They're on US one 20 minutes out to the 86 and no matter where you live. It's worth driving down there because you're going to save thousands. I'm great new on beatable. Toyota's. And with rising gas prices, maybe you'd like to get a car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11990 or lease it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo? These price is just 199. Need a truck. The V6 Toyota Tundra regular cab can be yours for just 239 a month. Looking for the hottest new cars around. Check out the Corolla XRS and Seller convertible. It's in stock and waiting on you right now. It Armstrong Toyota of homestead. They want to make you a happy camper. In fact, there's service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on for you. And most important of all, keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first even to offer your feed tires and batteries for life. Now, they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life. You heard correct. Tires, batteries and feed parts for life. Whoever heard of a thing like that. So say goodbye to those mega dealers who give you big son at an instant and rip you off. See our good buddy David Rich to GM for a real honest goodness unbeatable deal. He's the a GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead. Grab a little and save a ton of thousands on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Lying in local. We are sports radio 560C. UAM. Tung is too young. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. I'm a great man. But the beautiful legs to stay. I don't know how much thou can't do give it up to you. Malay said by the criminal things to know. Those shows. Those sounds. No clothes. And they're on their heads. Women's rights. They're in love with all that rights. Our poor friends go to the day. It's 1101 in the crazy house man. I'm going to tell you if you think that the very Jackson column was something. You ain't heard nothing yet. I just get first of all. I just came back in from the phone ring. And during that last break. And I see a facts with your handwriting on a double call. You now. Exploration point. I'm in the middle of doing a radio show. No, no. Oh yes. And my phone is not in this room. See, it's probably not a good idea to have your phone when you're on a stocking on the ear. What a bunch of idiots down there. Get them some doggy downers. Get a pass them out. Handfuls. Okay. Get a hold of Wilma. Get a handfuls of doggy downers for Greg and Duff and Clarence. And all of our management experts down there. I'm in the middle of doing a high paid. Heidi waited to talk show here. Trying to entertain the troops out there. And you're interrupting in the middle of the show with an in and bunch of crap. I should probably tell you what he asked me. I'm going to tell you right on the ear. Okay. Because he didn't say not for repetition. Greg asked him to call. Our fearlessly. Greg read asked him to call. Did you say that Howard Stern is going to be on the station because of something you know? In other words, do you know something we don't know? I don't know anything. All I know is that just common sense would tell you to dictate if you have any well, see I'm talking common sense. Yeah, I apologize. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just think all of that. Common sense. Like you talked to Howard and Howard told you that he had Howard Stern personally told me this is how I want to be on a horse ball station. How are we telling me? The only how I know is. Absolutely. That one. When I go. That's only how I know my good new buddy. I mean, this guy's pumping me for information like I'm holding something back. I know something that you don't know. Greg, believe me. I know a lot that you don't know. I like you. You name it. Whatever I know, you don't know it. But it has nothing to do with Howard Stern. You don't know. He just keeps talking this crap and more crap and more crap. He just got through with Joe Rose yesterday. Corned everybody in the building. That's rumors that I'm here and Joe is coming back on this weekend and everything's going to be hunky to rain. Most going to be out there with without guilty probably without. And that's it. But no, he just keeps this fantasy alive and is said he's going to put on a Howard to hey, listen, it's not my license baby. I like to at least finish out the two and a half years. I like to have a radio station on which to finish it out and get a paycheck every couple of weeks. See what I'm saying? What do you say? Not that we wanted to drive the softboard audience of their dose of Howard Stern or read it. That's not the problem. The question is whether we're going to keep the license on a spec. See, this is a guy who always does the wrong thing at the worst possible time. That's regret. I mean, if it makes less than no sense, count on him to do it. And count on very jackass David is calm to my morning. I mean, just absolutely positively. I'm feeling an outstanding in there. I'm listing out a one year at the spots playing in here. I think it's going on and I'm standing in my living room with the other. And I'm saying to him, I'm on the year. My phone isn't in the studio. I got to get back there when do a radio show. You in the cell, you lunatic. You Whitney, Jemmy, liver, the queen. God. Good, golly. Back home. What Greg asked me? If Greg asked you to drop your shorts there, right there in the hallway. Would you do it? Yeah, probably do that. I mean, there's no question about that. John Bro, the only one with the ball's to vote against the FCC. He couldn't take a big pair because he's retiring anyway, they're in the air. But anyway, he had the ball's to vote against it. He's the only one. John Bro, he's on our poll today. Look, current political figure has the biggest pair of car honies. You don't have to ask that about QAM about car honies because they don't exist. We got a bunch of smoothies at our station. Especially in management. God. Can you believe that? I'm stunned. Greg, that was going to call you right now. Like, it isn't something that couldn't wait. In other words, he's got a question. So, see, if he wants to have a conversation, I'll be glad we'll just leave some dead air or we'll play that music again, the protest music. Yeah. Oh, not that protest music. Yeah. No, I was thinking more, I've got my own protest music, which I think is perfect for what's going on. Yeah. I think this is perfect for QAM. I might just play it the rest of the day. I mean, this is perfect for QAM. Oh, good. God, all my needs. I've been here for years. Oh, no! Oh, no! No! Oh, no! Oh, no! My patience on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Not the work here. No. Okay. Wow. Wow. Welcome to the QAM mental institution boys and girls. Anybody got some straight jackets up in the left of Donate? Please, straight jackets. Donate honors. I get to wear the straight jacket. Maybe we wouldn't get a group deal on a lobotomy. You could wear a pair of management staff. You can wear that. Yeah. Check it. See, this is the guy who he just gone off the kneepan. He just, enough that he was ever on it. But he just stood right off the edge. Once he screwed up the morning deal. Once he did his Humpty Dumpty routine two and a half years ago. And he just can't come back. Oh, what do I do? What a way to, well, don't look at us. What to do? How about Joe Rose is doing just great. Leave it alone. We even like Mo now a little bit. That's a little bit. Not a lot for a little bit. But just quit tinkering already. Leave it alone. I see a whole lot of spots on this log man. Looks like you're making money. Hand over limp wrist. What is the problem? See, if we don't have a problem. This is what always happens to this business. If you don't have like major problems, management will invent some. That's what they do best. They don't manage. They miss manage. They create nightmares. They create problems. They create chaos and constant turmoil because it gives them job justification. It's like muck just making that phone call to me right in the middle of a radio show. I never heard such a thing. Unless it was like some emergency. The transmitter got struck by lightning or somebody just had a heart attack and cooked in a hallway or something like that. Yeah. But I'm sure to that. I'm doing a radio show here. There was no excuse for that call. Tough is going to call you right now. Don't call me. I'll call you. Okay. And don't hold your breath. And let's, you know, I'm going to call you. I think I just said it a little while ago. How about adding Al Gore to the pool somebody said? Al Derrady. Drag the good thing of the United States of America. Who's the mud of Saddam Hussein. Horts are present. Abu Ghara. Red net. Ediboy Al. Let's go another killer speech in DC today is what Terry says. Also take Kennedy. Let's put Big Fat Teddy on there to Al Gore take Kennedy. How can I probably leave Teddy off on there, right? Luxe Kennedy. Sir. Hey, here's the deal. Head Kennedy is personal life a mess of disaster he admits that. But in the meantime, a great senator. See, that's the problem with the American public. Thanks to the media and thanks to all these great revelations. You know, this one is screwing out one and as well. That's the problem with the market of the media. The media is bringing down a whole country. When Roosevelt had his mistress and the public didn't know about that. The public, most of them didn't even know Roosevelt was in a wheelchair. Yeah. They have a reason that they have a need to know. First not. Look at this, the move of co-theater is throughout South Florida are not going to carry Fahrenheit 911 movie co- M-U-V-I-C-O. Regal and AMC theaters will have it. And for the poll Richard Clark, that's a good one. Dick Clark, no one have been an output dick. Well, for several reasons. Richard Clark. We got it. Okay. So movie co is not going to carry the movie. How do you like that? censorship at your movie theaters. This isn't one of those like, like, last, uh, tango and Paris. And one of those like x-rated non-ex-see what I'm saying. Right. I mean, so they don't like the political content. Tough, uh, TD man. Too bad. Screw you guys. Screw movie co. Don't ever go there again. Okay. I used to really like movie co. Well, no more. No more. Especially now that the Oakwood has stadium seating. Oh, the hell with them. They should only rotten hell. Cox a hoist. That's our message to them. They're almost as far bunch as Greg read. I just said that because you like the worth. So what do you know? What? Okay. I still can't get over that. And nine out of ten times that would even go out and answer that. Because that is some was just another FedEx package showed up. It's usually the concierge. You have a package for it. I go on and pick it up later. Fine. But just something just in the way the tone of the phone ringing. You know, I mean, had that desperate sound. Of course, no, when you're talking about stuff, it's always desperate. Absolutely. Greg has to be the call. Again, guys. I said, telling them to get lost. I'm doing a radio show. And I said a few other words, too, that I can't see on here like one of those. One of those. Yeah, a couple of those. I'm not playing in Mop. He's just, you know, being the lackey that he's paid to do. Just, you know, just being the go for it. What kind of American political figures got the biggest pair of Cohones? Michael Moore 101. We love Michael Moore, baby. It is movie co-authenters don't want to show it. We'll never ever go there again under any circumstances. And they gave us free passes. We'd stick him up somebody's butt. Whoie. Right. Fah. I hear their trif. Michael Moore 101. Howard Dean 11. In fact, the rumor started at the somebody piece on the popcorn at movie co-authenters. That's what I heard. Howard Dean 11. Jann Arena 6. Maybe it's just back it. Russ Fyngold 2. No votes yet for John Broal. Gore Ted Kennedy or Richard Clark out of the first time in 20. Well, they just aren't too many. It's a very sad situation, baby. I've heard him. I've heard him. I've heard him. Well, I've got a couple of things here, including to which they're trying to stop the advertising. It wasn't bad enough that they couldn't stop them. We'll be in the course that Jack asked Ray Bradbury. Did you see him on there? Who's last one? What a whole fossil, man. I want an idiot. I want my Fahrenheit 4501 back. Well, guess what? This one's not called Fahrenheit 4501. Jack asked. Spaz hole. Week writer. Boy. Boy. Yeah, you want to be pretender? You couldn't lick Carl Sagan's butt. Especially now that he's in that box. Nothing like Carl Sagan doing that melodramatic. Oh, that's a whole thing. Oh, man. Let's put him on in the morning. Oh. Put him on there with a mole man. At least it's somebody who's not guilty. That's all he cares about. I know guilty on there at all. I don't think you'll ever hear the two of them again. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think he can be on the show. Can you imagine being a fly on a wall in that situation? If Joe does come back next week and then we got guilty back with mole again, I don't think that's going to fly. Do you? Speaking of fly on a wall. I think does got a better chance of flying than that situation there. Fulmon it, Jack. You're letting it. Don't ever do that again, stuff. I don't care what Greg says. Give him a couple of doggy donors and come and dump. Adam on the head. Tell me he's got a nice haircut and a beautiful burst brother suit. And get out of my face. Right in the middle of the show. Like I know something. I know nothing. See, I'm not the one that makes up stories and equivocates and lies and avoids people and evades and does return phone calls and plays games with people and shakes hands and makes deals with people that runs away and does return their phone calls. That's not me. I don't want to tell you who that might be. Okay. I don't want to give you an idea, but it might just be somebody named Greg. Yeah. That wasn't very good. Somebody named Greg. Yeah. So for years. What? You want to know? I told you all of the information before the show. I'll come in there and pump you for it after the show. That may be he'll do that before an annune. Okay. The George knows. George knows why steering won't be on. For years you've been here about a laser recharge. The toner and recharge cartridge specialist. When you call a laser recharge at 1-800-287-92-12. You'll be talking to our friend, just Bob. The solar system who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing and office equipment supplies. A laser recharge got ink jets, thermal carbon paper supplies and other provide service support, and maintenance for both makes and models of machines to make a mergers like brand new again. Call 1-800-287-92-12 right now, and in most cases you'll have what you need within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to default pricing. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are remanufactured not refilled. Anybody, any schlepper can sell you cheap refilled cartridge, but keep in mind you only get what you pay for. Remainufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes, along with brother and Xerox drums. A laser recharge is part of their individualized service offers a no-questions axe satisfaction guarantee. So if you're looking for toner cartridges, anything else in that line pick up the phone and call just Bob and a laser recharge toll free. 1-800-287-92-12. If you log under their website, a laser recharge.com, or make that toll free call 2-8, and you'll have your goods like I said within 24 hours. 1-800-287-92-12, and don't forget. Greg H.U. My life and love! This is for 3-0-5-60! We way away, we way out! That's your duet! To add a pain at CC funds for me, feeling so sad. My show is now terrible. Don't know what you expect me to be. But under my best, that's taking me off my shelf. Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up. Every word that I say is under the micro-score. It's the girl in my life. My life becomes so clear, we're everywhere. We're come so clear, everything we need. Hey, come with how it's clear, and all I want to do is to leave more dirties. But don't wire me, Joe! Greg H.U.U. He's like a little kid of bitches, and I'm a stove. He's like, don't keep doing that Johnny. You're going to burn yourself real bad. It's going to hurt like crazy. It's bad news. He just keeps sticking it back on there and sticking it back on there. He just business about what are we supposed to do? He's scared, crapless, that somebody else is going to put stir down in the market in the morning. And my comment to that would be, let them lose their license. They're animals anyway. Nothing lose their license. Not that I'm agreeing with the rulings you understand, but it's just that knowing the nature of the market and certain people inside the market who cost for elder get fired and who cost cheap channel drop-hours, certain off-order channels. The situation hasn't changed. In fact, if anything, the climate has gotten much worse. So, divest yourself of that insanity and just leave it alone already. He needs to be removed from the premises. He needs to be, they need to call, you know, the baker act. Call of Howard Baker. Or call up, uh, Enzo the baker. For your father. I'm serious. He needs to be baker-wacked into it. We're never going to survive as long as that man is in charge. It's like Dr. Frankenstein is on the loose. He's just a madman. Anyway, I'm trying to calm down because I just can't believe that this, all this, and I'm just mad. Like this. And the article in Barry Jackson's column, and Joe is this, and Gildy is that, and Mo is all whipped up. Just let some of the crap come back and say, I think he's doing this just for my sake, because he realizes my summer state of this very person. No, seriously. I mean, God forbid that I should slip off into a couple of months of enjoying the summer and only working a couple of days a week and enjoying my life. God forbid, and my daughter-in-all-age that I should be able to do that. Just keep stirring. It's stirring. It's stirring. Oh, brother. Stir the pot. Don't smoke it, but just stir it. A 60-terial K K-croll woman speaking of four buyers. A 62-year-old K-croll woman murdered her lesbian partner in Massachusetts was banned from teaching in the church of Christ, which is she refused to repent for her actions. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Kathleen Clemensson returned her teaching credentials and left the church, or former students are not considered by the Christian Cine's Board of Directors to have had no primary instruction. Fumitson married Suzanne Nightengale, 49, also of K. Corral on a public beach on May 20, before Massachusetts started banning out-of-state SIM-sex couples from obtaining marriage licenses, the women of Sinsbottah townhouse in that state and said they planned to move there. An AP photo taken of the service was sent to newspapers around the world and many people recognized Thumitson's name and connection with the choice. The church sent Thumitson to the letter in early June, saying she had abused to roll as a teacher, but did not define the abuse. She directed her to cut ties with former students and said she could teach again only if she were penned in served a three-year probation. They were not specific Thumitson said I don't feel I've gained anything to repent for more than anybody else. And of course, representatives from the Boston-based church didn't return to Fumqaul, Yadiyadiyadiyadiyo AP. That's the end of that. I'll get back to Fair Nightengale, 11, which comes to a whole week later near you tomorrow, but what does it moveyco? Right, not moveyco. According to that fact, you know. Right. Well, again, we have no way of verifying that. Don't you have the news papers right there? See, the thing that's really pissing me off here is that the newspaper is that we've got four of them here, but they don't, they don't seem inclined to put like the next days listings in. Right. That's also the issue like on your Yahoo or something like that. Moving me by that. Like it's only listed from today, you know what I mean? And I even went online and I found a Toronto movie thing and then I, you know, Mrs. Saga and Whitby and I found four places where it's starting tomorrow. And all of them are like, is it in miles away from here? I mean, I wouldn't mind taking a limo out there and back it would be okay, but it's just, I would prefer not that to do that. I'm going to go present future listings to verify that. To verify the movie co-thent? Yeah. Isn't that a Crocodile crap? What a great reason to boycott them if it turns out to be true. And if that was certainly a Pulizarsva, I believe it. Tired by supporters Michael Moore previewed his Bush-Bashing documentary Fair and Height 9-11 before a mostly Democratic audience of the nation's capital last night. Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McCollough said he thought the film would play an important role in this election year. This movie raises a lot of the issues that Americans are talking about, that George Bush has been asleep at the Switch and he's been present McCollough said as he walked their red carpet into the premiere. He shouldn't be walking a red carpet. Terry McCollough had to be walking a plank. He's a real loser. Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa and for it all Americans to see the film, it's important for the American people to understand what has gone on before, what led us to this point, and to see its sort of in this unvarnished presentation by Michael Moore, who's reading our pool by the way by a landslide. He's all alone just about. The Uldi Morrow balls in Pines does not have it listed according to mine. Right. And Josh can't find listed either in any movie code. Go on, how do you like that? How about that sports fans? Maybe somebody ought to call them and find out if they're planning on showing the movie name their theaters or maybe their Nazis. Maybe. Josh don't me. Good. Did he really? Didn't. Good work Josh. I like Josh better all already. Good choice. I'm just sitting here in this may. You just, you just, every now and then, blurt something out that probably would be a better left unsaid. And if it turns out that it's true, then we'll see that. I'll see it. All right. The two are filmed to Pines present in Bush's lazy and oblivious to warnings in the summer of 2001 that Al Qaeda was poised to strike. It also accused the administration of manipulating the non-law of the tax and fending terrorism fears to win support for the Iraqi War, which of course is the right to go. Thousands of fans greeted Moore outside the theater with applause and shots of Go Michael. And put down the sandwich. Moore a perfect Bush critic said he hopes the movie will get people to the ballot box in November. This movie can inspire a few of that 50% who did not vote in this country to get back involved or re-engage, and the movie will accomplish something importantly said. Opening and limited release in the York on Wednesday to film Drew McStreet action, the movie is slided. It's a backlash at the present taking the view that the US leadership isn't competent said Miguel Brown 22, a production assistant who did not work on a movie, Moore makes it look like US soldiers in Iraq were thrown into a battle straight off the streets. The American army is better than that. Brown is the son of a military officer. So he's obviously very objective. Third height 911 to top honor last month's Ken Film Festival, Yati. An AOA, a donation went on Friday. Moore and his distributors lost their appeal Tuesday, lower the rating to PG-13. It's R and big deal with that. Cheers. And, Moore on that. Moore on that. Michael Moore may be prevented from advertising his controversial new movie for in 911 on the television or radio after July 30. Not good man. If the FEC today accepts the legal advice of its general counsel, of course, by July 30, everybody would have seen it anyway. So what's the big deal with that? At the same time, a Republican allied soft money group is preparing to follow complaint against Moore's film with the FEC for violating campaign finance law. In a drafted advisory opinion placed on the FEC's agenda for today's meeting, the agency's general counsel states that political documentary filmmakers may not irritate TV or radio ads referring to federal candidates within 30 days. How many? Not good man. Of a primary election or 60 days of a general election. The ad is on TV on every channel, even the damn of food channel, on every 10 seconds. So by July 30, everybody will know about that. I'll have seen it, et cetera. The opinion is generated on the new McCain-Fingle campaign finance law, which prohibits corporate funder dads that identify a federal candidate before a primary general election. What do you think deal, right? Right. So the awkward isn't showing up. But, uh, adventurer is tomorrow. Adventurer one. A.M.C. adventurer multi-plex, whatever. All right. We love the adventurer at AMC multiplexer. What about hell with us? We love them. Right? 24. Like I said, we love the AMC adventurer at 24. Don't forget to join the QM's coverage of the NHL entry draft this Saturday. Yeah, I see. I'm from credit and read this briefly and try to like, I'm not going to do it. I'll do it again later. It's just, I'm trying to like narrow it down, but the big clearance writes this. It's like about a 10 minutes spot. Forget about a clearance. Okay. Nobody wants you to like crap anyway. 27 after 11 a QM, when you shop for quality, footwear, you won't find any crap at brand these shoes. I'll send that because they carry the best names in the shoe business. No off-brands like some of those shoe stores. They've got the best at Brandy's Rockport's floor shime, SAS, Spirit, Timberland Naturalizer, all the top names in the business. And with Brandy's huge selection of guaranteed, you could bet Greg Reid's life on it and out through him off as well. You could bet both their life on it. And whatever you need for your size is in stock on a shelf ready to slap on your fat feet right now. Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday 9. Delines Sunday's 10 to 5 smart people have been mind shoes at Brandy's for a couponsage because they know they're going to get a great deal all the way around. You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Enderall Highway in Pompatobitch. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are. And right now, it's a great time to buy and both shoes this week at Brandy's. My one-parent regular price, get the second pair for a half price. Choose from Framis Brands like Spirit, Timberland, and SAGO. Come and visit him on a web at Brandy's shoes that's with two-wesses Brandy's shoes.com. My life and both this is for 20-5. You're in 2AM. Tell 5-6-0. W-Q-A-N. Hello, once again ladies and gentlemen, this is Greg Reed, the GM of Q-A-M. And I have exciting news for you. Now, as you know, the sports side of our community might in station has its own website, not to be confused with that Neil Feller, whose website has pictures of naked women on it. Well, how a website, and you want to tell you about it. How a website got some so excited. Yeah, you can learn the content myself. Who website has a new one feature on it, you see? It's an auction. Kindle like eBay or a garage sale, let's say. Now you can bid on many sought-after sports-related items on there, like well-for instance. Today, we have a sorted locker room laundry, autographed by Don Chouler, who's also a Reverend I understand. You will, anyway, all the proceeds go to a worthy cause. Me! Why hope you'll see it in your hearts to give generously. To me! What did I go? See you all in luck. 27 to lo, and five, 60 WQM. Here's one from Steve's, is how about putting Senator Joe Biden and Delaware on your pull. He's got a big one. Sure, why not? Joe Biden, we got him. Are we Biden our time? I found him. But we got so far, we got Michael Moore, Killon Competition, which is a big one. It's a good thing we're doing this for a little. Keep the movie in our minds so they don't have to go to movie currency, some beat movie tomorrow. What career American political figures, the biggest percol honies, Michael Moore 150, January, no 20, Jen, it's got a big pair of maybe make no mistake about that. Howard Dean 16, Teddy Kennedy's got five Richard Clark Fortress, fine gold, three Al Gore II, John Bro has an un, out of the first 200 votes. See, not getting in a day to with votes, because they're like Luke Warmanus. Just big in a movie's. Here's the big motion picture news of the day of the century, maybe. From Rome, no less. Retiring from porn start and with 1300 films on Roosevelt, it tagged an actor Rocco Ciferetti claims he's still up to the job at his quitting for family reasons, the daily law of Republic are reported. My children are growing up and I can no longer say just a dad is going to work and make money for the family. They want to know Moore, he said of his two sons, eight seven and four. It's not my body which is holding up very well, but her family reasons he pulled a paper. When I started 20 years ago, it bothered me to see guys around 40 filming with much not enough younger girls, now I'm 40 it's time to go. Adding that he would go in a filming and producing. Ciferetti described his wife of 13 years, Rosa, a former Miss Hungry, a sweet and intelligent, she absolutely knows that difference between sex for work and sex for love, he said, Rocco Ciferetti, aka Rocco Ciferetti, aka whatever else. He had to know something. Scallion. He had to know something. He had to know something. He had to know something like that. 560560, pound 560 on the AT, what a day this has been, well I'm telling you. That phone call just, it said me back years, I in fact I think my boy will see that just popped again because of a muff and your Greg. It's like a bunch of overgrown children we got there seeing running a multi-million dollar company. But it would be like that, that's what they do in a hallway with each other. Come in to QAM, hello. A meal. Yes sir. Oh god, get to Great Detoxy. Listen, did you see or hear about this Algo seen moving and all of that to some of this there? What do you mean by that? I'm dating for yesterday and I think the Harold who was, I think, a half page piece, being evicted and taking a penis over to the West Coast. I'm a half Jew. Yeah. You know he went to that bypass surgery and he lost by 250 pounds. Yeah. You know I had a photo of him that was kind of shocking. Plus his whole empire seems to collapse. Well the government was not to get him and they did get him and he gave him an ample reason. He gave him plenty of ammunition and he self-destructed. It's really a very sad story. Yeah. Well if you got the interest two days ago in the Harold I think it was a nice piece on the whole thing of this new wife. Is this a fifth wife? I quick, quick counting at this point. Yeah. Well they're moving over to the other coast. Well that's their problem. Okay thanks for the bad news. Okay do we care about any of that? No. No but a kill a few seconds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Poor Algo seen it. There's another guy you see. When you're one of those people is like a revolutionary when you're like a avant guard when you're like outrageous. American don't want outrageous no more. Is it matter of fact? Yes, who probably don't like Algo's theme too much. I don't. Doesn't like statues would they could boobies on him. Oh that's good point Ashcroft. A watchdog group suited her any general John Askcroft yesterday for classifying previously public documents pertaining to a whistleblower's claims of security lapses in the FBI's translator program which we say. A ride. Siding national security askcroft recently classified documents related to the case of cyber admins. New relation to harness driver Randy Edmunds. A former linguist of the FBI. The lawsuit charged that we classifying materials that have previously been in the public domain is illegal and unconstitutional. Unfiliable. The suit was filed in federal. It's illegal and un-un-feiliable. No let me try it again. Un-constitutional. The suit was filed in federal court by the Washington-based project and government oversight and on-profit group that's been following the case. In 2002 Edmunds told her bosses of her concerns about shoddy translations and suggested one interpreter with a relative who works at a foreign embassy may have compromised national security. She was fired soon after. The bureau said in performance issues as reasons for the dismissal. Askcroft told Senator Judiciary Committee members that he hearing earlier this month that he took responsibility for the decision to classify the Edmunds information. The national interest of the U.S. will be seriously impaired if information provided on briefing to the Congress or to be made generally available. He said. The lawsuit said that Edmunds case was discussed by the FBI during unclassified Senate Judiciary Committee briefings in 2002. It said letters urging the FBI to investigate her claims report on the websites as senators practically he and Charles Rassley. Those letters have since been removed from the websites. No doubt Mr. Askcroft has been covering those up in between Co. and of statues. This is an extraordinary and dangerous abuse of power by Askcroft to improperly use the classification system to hide information that the justice department finds embarrassing, said Daniel Bryan executive director of the project. The group has been investigating Edmunds allegations and wants to post its finding on its website. But his bar from doing so now because of the reclassification Bryan said. See just if this is like the Nazis all over again. This is the Nazis all over again. These are nothing E. O. Kahn's. These are the neo-Nazis. Make no mistake about it. Is that enough to make you gag or what? I'm gagging. God. I think so the listener who sent us the link to this place. What places is that? Just that either link. www.eth911 ticks.com. Yeah. And what does it do? You can enter the city that you're in and it will give you the listings. Yeah, but probably only the U.S. city because I tried to try going to the Michael Moore the website. Yeah. I'm going to try Toronto. Give it a shot. Well, I'm doing a break. Give it a shot and see what you got. Right. You're not. Okay. Bonnie, tell me what's that schedule look like. What is it? Nothing. Nothing came up. You're right. The Mundo. It's just U.S. Maydogitude. I see back where she's still in the wreak of it. I think you must be back because I heard him yesterday. Thank you to everybody that helped them there in the engineers and big tree crawford and Steve somebody over there in whoever else. You notice Bob for move was nobody else for one thing. That's why they quit the work. Those a couple of days from wreak havoc. I'm going to find out. Two and two you'll find out where he is. The hoppers at the Seminoles in Hollywood at four o'clock to Saf. Noom plunging his guts out. Marlon's on Dick and Zix 30. Braves at the Marlon's. Didn't I tell you that that just with the doctor ordered was the braves coming to town and I said that Josh. Yeah. And I was right because the Marlon said the braves number. I was having a seven or five game time at the ballpark and then he came to the baseball game. Don't forget my good close personal buddy. Absolutely. We're in the car morning. It's a mole and a big together. What improvement that is over what they had before. You know what I mean? I want to mention no name. If you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet, he likes a West book is help thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals today. Shopping for the right low car products has become more and more confusing. It's a real pain in the arse. Most of the so-called low car products on grocery store shelves won't help you lose weight. In fact, a lot of them actually are loaded with carbs. Picking out foods with the right ingredients is one of the lowest possible carbs. That's the key if you want to lose weight on low carb diet. Your life's focus is on over a thousand of the right low carb food items in products that you can try before you have to buy. Anything in the store just try before you lay on any cash for it. And they have a knowledgeable staff that knows dieting inside and out. So if you're on the atkins, sugarbusters, South Beach, any low carb sugar free diet, this is the place you want to stock up on all kinds of tasty goodies. Your life's a West book of the number one low carb store in America. Let them help you reach that important weight loss goal and please stay alive. They're open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Blades in 441. Right next to Boston Market, a column toll free at 1-877 low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on a web it's low carb.com, L-O-W-C-R-B. That's delightful. I spoke as your official Atkins retail center. The Bible of the 6th is 560. The readers of your town. A few years. Fill Rodgie. A message to America from 16 year old alien guns outlets. Hola, they want me to tell you all as well here. What could they wrong? Send me me back with a blessing. I am 16 years old now, and I look at you more in the world to be here in the June of the Caribbean Task Force 2. The hotel's here are, how you say. 20. I'm also fortunate to be wearing my family heirloom, these are my worst wife-teacher. So be who you are happy, heroes. I am getting my license room, and papi says if I pass my desigalness, the three tests here butter for at 58 minutes have away at one. You and the girls may have jail on Disney World, but we have blinits, lots of blinits. If you spoke the truth of the club in the amister, one to show your support, please send me out empty cafe for stelo cans and please send me peace. The wings. You know cannot re-noise in ice man. I will always be grateful to him for saving me from that weird janitor with the hair. You may not notice, but he touched me. So, f***ing imperialist, America, that I die. 14. Whoever sent that facts about Richard Clark's book and about he's the one who decided to spirit Osama bin Laden's family out of the US, and he's the one who made the decision. I must have missed that part of the book, and some of us of everybody else who read it. So he wants to facts back and tell me where they were in the book. I can find that. What page? Yeah, what page is what reference so where he's finding that? Because that's news to me. Anyway, if I can find it, I'll be glad to read it on the ear. Here's one that says, hey, Neon, the QM auction, you can bid to be a guest host on the big show for an hour. Needless to say, there were zero bits for that crap. What an effing scam. I think we should be able to bid on being able to beat the crap out of Moe Howard. Absolutely. Is your radio station that desperate for money that they have to whore out their own employees? The thought of that auction makes me puked. QM is as or more corrupted, the Bush administration shame on them. Keep rip and QM. They suck and sowed as moe. Do do do do do. That's all that is really pissed off about this scam if they're one of those auction. I'll say it again. They suck me into that. How many months ago was that couple of months ago? And I read the promos. And then I just, just innocently, I thought, well, what charities this support? Because I'd like to tell the audience, you know, where the money is going? I'm going to be, I know the feasly charity. Right. Yeah, feasly enterprises. Some bogus name they made up of some other corporation. The money's going in their pocket. It is clearances. There's another revenue stream. And Josh Beckett would say it's streaming down your leg. Josh, okay? So I want to confirm that. Yes. And item there. Apparently that's not all. We have. You could, you could be boog for a day apparently or at least hang out with him. Yeah. Spend the day inside boogs head or something. Why do you see Greg must be planning a head for when we put Howard Stern on the morning. We get five millions and millions and dollars. We got a raise money somehow. So we're going to know his raised money ahead of time. So we have like a big a slush fund. Of course, they'll only take the license away that we can just do all of the stuff out there in a street corner. We do with a megaphone. Ha ha ha ha. I'm working for crazy people folks. That's what it's all about. Crazy people. Eeeey. I think it's a show of it. Same people. Guy. What a lunatic. I think he ought to low put bridge. I guess maybe we could send the two of them to Massachusetts for the weekend. Don't you think that's a great idea to province talent be good. Greg and very there. Rounds with Mary. Anyway, here's a fact that says to a lady who I'll be in or no to Hector. This is from a lady, Gina at movie co. Hector fact to find out about the other deal there. Why not show in Fahrenheit and line 11. It says, thank you for your interest in movie co theaters. Movie co theaters typically plays all first run mainstream Hollywood movies. We do not typically play art for no documentary features. During the very busy summer movie sees most of our screens are already booked with many films that Hollywood is offering. Ieeey Harry Potter 3, the terminal. Garfield the stepper steppered wives, around the world in the 80 days, Spider-Man 2 etc. Since Fahrenheit 9.11 is a very limited film of only 550 prints and circulation. We haven't confirmed win or if we'll have any available screens at this time. Thank you again for your interest movie co theaters. Hector says, I was disappointed to see that you know I see this is what he originally said. Hyatt Jamesa different fan.artment. You never talked to her in the morning with her when in the Caught and Bob. There's probably a guy on deck she'll stick with him. There's no course. He doesn't slander people on the air, stick wood sides. He's a good sidekick for it, or it is summer time. Don't be bringing any more loose cannons like you're afraid of algorithm. I think that we just had to hear all of that cock-a-rival before that. For the nail that on me, you were looking at that. That way that would happen. Then he asked and bring Ron Jeremy in two sec and squeezes public here. That was disgusting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If you miss QM's cover to the NHL entry draft this Saturday, you might miss it with Shantza win an autograph for Bertil Longo jersey and a LaLongo's best 13 games season to get planned for two in lower bowl. In fact, most of the Panther fans have spent a lot of time at the bowl last few seasons. To register log on to WQM.com and listen to QM's NHL entry draft coverage this Saturday, don't try to adjust your radio over to the sound of a little squeaky. From a little pretty little too, for your name to be announced as the Grand Prize winner. What that be great name? And if you don't win that, maybe you can win a date with John Weiner. Or you just win the Duff's well anyway. Join the real yellow pages from Gelsoth and QM new into one of the majestic locksmiths today. It's coming up momentarily. I bet you're McGell is there right now. Located in the 1860, West 60 is 3 in the highest. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to Knights Marlins Braves game or VIP pass to Knights NBA Dram party at the AAA Arena, the Mickey, the Scam Arena. Here's the story of the day. A new book by the senior central intelligence agency officer who headed a special officer to track Osama, Yamama Vidala and his followers warns that the U.S. is losing the war against radical Islam and that the invasion of Iraq has only played into the enemies hands. In the book in Pirolehubris, you know, so many books in so little time it's getting on my nerves now. I bet I'm a stacked half way to my ceiling in the other room. How do I have to find the time to read all of these damn things? A lot of time to the toilet. In the book in Pirolehubris, the author is identified only as anonymous, but former intelligence officials identified him as a 22 year veteran of the CIA who's still serving in a senior counterterrorism post at the agency and headedly been lawden station from 1996 to 1999. The Bin Laden Station is that WIOD. Their The Evil Duage, that's Tea Channel, or maybe that's Big 106, that's the Bin Laden station. The 3-Hover 9-Page book obtained by the New York Times provides an unusual glimpse in a way school thought inside the CIA and includes harsh criticism above the Clinton and Bush administration. The US leaders refused to accept the obvious the officer rights were fighting a worldwide Islamic insurgency, not criminality or terrorism and our policy and procedures have failed to make more than a modest dent in enemy forces. The author says the threat is rooted in opposition not to American values but to policies and actions, especially in the Islamic world. It is rare for a CIA officer to publish a book while still serving at the agency and highly unusual for the book to focus on such a politically explosive topic. The CIA rules the book had had to be cleared by the agency before it could be published. It was approved for release on condition that the author and his internal agency not be identified. The book itself identifies anonymous only as a senior US intelligence official with nearly two decades of experience. A national security issue is related to Afghanistan and South Asia. It identifies a previous book through our enemies' eyes, Osama bin Laden Medical Islam in the future of America, as being written by the same author. Former intelligence officials identified the officer to the times and noted that he was an overed employee of the CIA, but intelligence official asked that his full name not be published because it could make him a target about Taita. The senior intelligence official said the book of invented to ensure that it not include classified information, we still have freedom of speech. The official said, right. It doesn't mean that we endorse the book but employees are free to express their opinions. We still have freedom of speech and kind of his issue on. Mr. Speech? In a report issued in March the staff of the 911 Commission described it in Law and New News as a place where a sense of alarm about bin Laden was not widely shared or understood within the intelligence and policy communities. Another new book Ghost Wars by Steve Call of the Washington Post was based in part on interviews with the officer identified as first name Mike. Mr. Call reported that the White House sometimes complained to George Tenet, the director of the CIA that the officer was too myopic and his approach to man and thief in Laden group. In the book the author denounced the American invasion of Iraq as an avaricious, premeditated unprovoked war against a foe who posed no immediate threat, and said it would fuel the anti-American citizens on which Mr. Brin Laden is following his draw. Here's the most important part of this story. If you're not nodding off in our paying attention, just listen to this one quote. There is nothing that Bin Laden could have hoped for more than the American invasion occupation of Iraqi writes. In warning that the U.S. is losing the war on terrorism and armist rights in the period since 911, the U.S. has dealt lethal blows to alcatist leadership and a official claim claims are true have captured 3,000 alcatists for soldiers. At the same time he adds we have waged two failed half wars and in doing so, left Afghanistan and Iraq's seething with anti-U.S. sentiment, fertile grounds for the expansion of alcatist and kindred groups. Which ties with that clown that called her yesterday wonder how come so much violent crap's going on. The Bin Laden unit or station in agency parlance is part of the CIA's counterterrorism center. It was established in 1996 at the agency's headquarters in Virginia's part of an organization of experiment that marked the first time the agency had dedicated a station of individual instead of a country. A staff report issued by the 911 Commission in March based in part on extensive interviews with the former station chief described leaders of the state has been deeply frustrated when a plan to capture Mr. Bin Laden the spring 98 was not recommended by the CIA leadership for approval by the White House. The chief and other leaders of the Bin Laden station were transferred from it in the 99 Court of the 911 Commission report after morale in the unit's sag and President Clinton was informed by his national security adviser that covert actions against Mr. Bin Laden had not been fruitful. In the books' preface the author appears to direct criticism not only at policymakers, but also at his superior's in the intelligence agencies including George Tenet, who offended off criticism after the attack before announcing this month he'd resign on July 11th after Bush told him to get lost. The author expresses a pressing certainty that alcatible attack the continental U.S. again that its next strike will be more damaging than that of 911 2001 and could include use of weapons of mass destruction. After the next attack he adds, Ms. Latimer Henson, the elected representatives, will rightly demand the heads of intelligence-gwinner leaders that heads do not roll after 911's perhaps are most grievous post-attack error. And of course all immediate pun in service he asking Bill Clinton about the blue dress and as he feel bad for Monica. For minutes till noon at 560 WQA as your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs, let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's side of your business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefit, two-land resources, and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing and covered help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing the name for a free evaluation call tool free, 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2862747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management. Oasis being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while leading the operational details of the folks at Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call tool free, 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-2862747 for Oasis outsourcing. We are supposed to be a high-sleeve team. The smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. Thank you. I bet you. God won't be coming to get you. We won't take just anyone. Only good, good, good, good, good, good, good. There's no need. God hangin' on that level. And take your body to me, loving you too. Ah, sit to y'all, where do you have the rapture? No, no, no. If I hear after. Oh my God. We take so you go home. Because we can't even go away. Not much of you have been. No, so few. So capable. Can't wait for the day to do. And we're just as boring as you. Ah, sit to y'all, where do you have the rapture? We're going to have our team to interact. We'll wait for now. So I don't know. You've got a magazine or something? If I do have any of you, can I play with the work that way? Sorry. I'm about to at 560WD for all of my very Margates says, in my facts, I should have written that Richard Clark has assumed the responsibility for removing the bin Laden family from the US and his testimony to Congress not in his book. And again, that must have been some of the most ignored testimony and somebody at least heard. Maybe everybody was an anthem when that happened, okay? Maybe it'll be the booty. It could be, but I doubt it. Anyway, speaking of the movie, I guess I'm going to take a call or two all the way only have one. But guess who's got a lengthy review of for an eyeline 11? I don't know. Direct 3. Oh. Same person without the hair. More is magic, 9-11 electrifies. It's long. I'm going to read it. But I should take a few calls here. First, just to make them feel good. Plus, they might have some more names for our poor or not, as the case may be. We're getting a very, very lame response on this. They don't like this poor. And they are what that's okay. Not going to make me feel bad. Because it's a limited number. They just don't exist. The public feels helpless and useless. It's kind of like us here at QAM. Desperate for some leadership for some guidance for somebody to lead us out of the wilderness into the sunshine into a path of rationality and sanity, as opposed to the crap that we got leading us. I mean, I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that phone call. I mean, I thought it was that big of a deal. But it's just the idea that like, oh, are you really on the air? Like, that kind of thing. I mean, are you like actually doing a radio show now? Don't you have time to answer Grace question? Get him some help, okay? Look under P as in psychiatrists. Look under S as in shrink. Look under M as in mental health and the yellow pages. Get somebody in there, okay? Remember, if we had the LED came in very nicely, it took my blood right in the studio there. Get somebody to come in here and put him in a straight jacket. Give me a little bit of that electro shot therapy would be good. Kind of like Jack Nicholson was getting there and cook was nice. Kind of like our good friend was getting there in Requio. Yeah, poor Sarah. Ever see Greg and Sarah together? Same person. WQA and hello. How about the nail? Greg is Sarah after she got out. Yes sir. Nail. Speaking. WQA and hello. A million? Yes sir. I mean, run the shop. Yes it is. Nail, do you have all shops on your list? Who? All shops. Al Sharpen's got a big pair. That's good. He was good in the base man. He opened up a big mouth, a big dark mouth. Even though we don't like a lot of what he stands for. Never less. He was good. Give credit where credit is due. How about little Dennis Cassinins? Oh, we got what a big pair. Let's put him on there too. Maybe we have to be creative and put all the names on there. Okay, for these are lungheads. Right? All right. Let's do it. Dennis Cassinins. Here's the guy she made the most sense. He got the least attention in the least votes. He's always is. Very, very sad situation. And I'll say it again. And you can't say it too many times. The media, the media is pathetic. Here comes Bill Clinton. Here's a guy who was just president for two terms. Three and a half years ago we left office. Making the rounds. Opening himself up to all of these questions. Ask whatever you want. The media is just a neat pop family. And even a guy on the BBC. They got them all whipped up into a frenzy. They're all he wants to talk about is Ken Star and and penis gayed and Monica and Oprah. When that silly crap she was talking about the other day that Pamela and about Hillary and how did she feel and how did Chelsea take it? And all this, all this cock-a-ry man, all this nonsense. Here's a chance to find out what there was really going on in the world. What led to where to help we are today. But instead, we want to find out about all these these pop pieces, all of these human interest stories, all of this crap. Well, the human race ever grow up. They ever get to the pole, but they put like something meaningful. I had a crap. No, I'm sorry. Here I'm sitting on a sports station. I'm asking that question. I must be crazy. Sports. No, I must be losing. Okay. In fact, from my law, I just called me John Henry. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. That's my new name. I must be crazy. John Henry, you're dead. Was it hell of a horse? He was the sign you sure of the erasing industry. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Can you add Ralph later to the pole? No. 560, 560. Find out when in last guy was, let's go a time up. Or maybe we'll just chop his head off. WDQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to put my vote in, but it's for somebody that I really hate. It's going to be half the feet yours. W4. Because he tried to take my, hello. I'm here. Yeah, he tried to take my overtime pay away. I'm an EMS worker. Yeah. And he was going to take what overtime pay away from 8 million first responders or something like that. Yeah. And also because of his tax cuts to the, of course, everybody making a million dollars a year more. And then we need a super tax cut. I mean, I can go, let's go, John. But yeah. Hey, I'll do that. Good point, Pally. We'll put him on there and see how he turns out. All right. Thank you. George W. Bush put his ass on. I mean, put him on there. We got it. 560, 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line here at the circus at the mental institution at the crazy place named QAM. This and a radio station. It's a nut house. I mean, I'm not saying that to be acute, clever, dramatic, whatever. It's a nut house. Certifiable. Yeah. Absolutely. I think that when Mo came near, in fact, they're probably forced first meeting with Greg. Maybe he was like, I'm standing go, I got it. But he might have been. And then like to come out of that meeting. The first thing he said was, What does that tell you? WQAM hello. Hey, dude. Yes sir. You know what the problem with the Mac or what is that sir? The problem with the Mac is, we're being run by Bush, a dick, and a cold. Okay, great. To River. 560, 5060 people created. No. Oh man, they're so clever and creative and fresh new comedy. Kind of like that jewelry Reynolds fresh new comedy. Yeah. So sad. 567. But I told you it was important to take at least 2030,000 calls. Just keep that in mind, okay? All right. I mean, the fact that the Josh had a dump you, they go to the street. You need to like sharpen your skills before I thought last week. What have you done that for? Why? He didn't have to. Why not? A lot of cool party. No. Wrong. Okay. Not a good idea. We don't want to have to go back and go through all of that. You see, you're not, you're not imparting this un-use, strong enough. You don't do, you're not the impact you and Greg ought to have a good chat. Maybe even go to lunch with him and see if someone had sushi. Say, kuchi, kuchi, let's go get some sushi, okay? Maybe Terry Branch all be there. WQAM, hello. Speaking. Jesse Jackson's got a big pair. He's got a nerve too. That's what his love child said. He's got a big pair. Put him on there. He's ain't no hell sharpened, but put Jesse on there too. It takes a lot of goal and a big pair to be running around the being the opportunist that he's other than being a Reverend. Does he do any work like for living? Nobody goes and frees a lot of them hostage, Zola. Time too many didn't do too good of a job this last time. If they would have just asked him, maybe those four people have their head back on. Then you'll purl and Nicholas Berg and Ralph Johnson and what was this other guy's name? The correct one. This up to ring, I wouldn't know. Yeah. We're going to say it. Some young guy. WQAM, hello. Yeah, can we put George on there? And why would we do that, sir? Okay, he wants to date. Do you want to date? Do you want to date? Hello. Hi, I'm doing pretty good. That's good. Listen, the guy in this car. What is it? Nip-tuck. Nip-tuck. Did you guys watch that? What else did I do? I did. I watched you. Oh, George? Yeah. Effective George, it's Bill. I just wanted to hear it. I mean, talking to Neil. He doesn't want to. Oh, I didn't realize that. I'm sorry. I don't know what you're talking about. You're missing a good show. People are both about it, huh? What's your design? But you don't even want to watch it. What show is it? Nip-tuck. It's about surgery, plastic surgeon, and the oily, you know, instances around it, where impropriety, all kinds of secretions are George to tell you about it. And so I didn't realize it. You know, what you're working? I'm not interested in it. Talk to George about Nip-tuck when he's on him. I have to be on almost all summer long. Talk to him about it. I don't care about Nip or Tuck. I mean, even care about Friday talk. How do you like that? Who's a jelly-fat guy? Well, aren't we all? Well, we're lying. Right. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Get that finger ready again, Josh. Tom, five, 60 on the 18th, teen Verizon Wireless Line. What current American political figure has got the biggest pair of Cohoney's. Michael Moore has got it. Licked. Two, twenty-one. Jan Arino, though, through. I mean, look at that. Two, twenty-one. Well, when did we ever last take a poll? One rush. Never, does it? Even now, W never wins a poll like this, right? Never. Michael Moore for president. Oh. Twenty-one votes. Gender-ween-o-36, Howard Dean, twenty-five, Richard Clark, thirteen. Ted Kennedy's got a dozen. Bottles the beer on the wall. Rust-fangled four-al Gore-Fourth and his co-synet's four-jo Biden is time three. Now, Sharpton, one George W. Bush's got one. John Brotone, have any of Jesse Jackson on our three twenty-four. They wouldn't know John Brotone from John. From Joe Schmall, I guarantee you that right now. How many people in South Florida do you think ever heard of John Brotone? But third man. And that is an exaggeration. That's really stretching it. Go crazy. Speaking of stretching it, you can take that musk rat and you can stretch it out. You can squeeze it like an accordion. You can do whatever you want. It still looks like a joke on your head. You don't say, or laugh in their ass off at you. So don't walk around with a mousy-looking piece. And certainly don't start with him. Holds in the head and have the blood dripping down your forehead. Like some silly ass people I know. And don't start pop of those dangerous pills that are all going to maybe kill you, but certainly not grow any hair back. If you want to get a great look in head of hair, you want to talk to my good buddy Charles Alphiari, because he'd be the best. For more than 35 years, Charlie Superior has against him good morning America. That today's show CBS morning news, he's world-faming because he offers you the most amazing natural hairline system you'll find anywhere. The most critical area of any hair system is that hairline. And Charlie's new skin-like hair system looks so great that looks like real hairline is 100% un-detectable. And Charlie's a guaranteed is this. He tries his system for 30 days. What's 30 man? And try for a month and after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, If you're not getting pod and clawed at and squeezed and pleased, then return it for a full refund. So what's not to like? So if you want to look like a real man, she younger and better than you ever thought you could again. Change your life forever by making that one easy call. Call toll-free 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or check them on a web at CharlesAlphiari.com. The coolest summer concert festival ever was Lilith Fair. The way this was as thin as what come on dude. What a loser! Can't decide which live music festival was the best ever. Then this summer, attend the one that sure to please everybody. Oz, pair polo's right. And Oz, pair polo's. What Oz, you quite the head off of it. As Sarah LeGlockland protested animal rights violations, people peri-mail list of what off the stage floor. So if you and your alternative buddies can't decide which alternative concert to see this summer, then you have no alternative but to see the alternative to alternative festivals. Oz, pair polo's uh... Can't wait 12-17 at 5-60 and if you can't wait to see the movie Fernheight 9-11, it's coming out tomorrow. Maybe I'll read the Rex Reed review. It's 4 pages long, it's long. All out reading, not pop pop pop pop pop. Michael Moore leaves no stone on turns his Rex Reed. There are multitudes of shadowing seminal moments in his brilliant bushwacking documentary. Fernheight 9-11 that reveal more about cynicism, greed and aneptitude in the US government. Then you'll ever learn from any sunbite on the right wing late night cable channel, bland fest. But one will stay with me forever. Forget about the official reports from the White House about the activities at George W. Bush on that paper morning of 9-11, insisting you learn about the Alcada tax while meeting with photo-pre-schoolers, and quickly dashed from the room to save the country. The truth is now revealed is that he was informed of the first attack on the World Trade Center before he even entered the school room and he decided to continue with his photo-op anyway. There he is on camera when Andrew Cardan forms of the second plane and others the fatal words were under attack, but he continues to read my pet goat for another seven minutes. His eyes sliding sideways in his puzzle face like a moron looking for a bathroom until a staff insist that he leave. He stayed for another half hour. If nothing else that defining moment says volumes about what we can expect from the president of the US and the Center-based Supreme History Auditing Crisis, he's just clueless. There are other moments that will impact some viewers and polarize others, so many in fact that you watch Furnit 9-11 with disbelief and leave shaking with rage. Sometimes our cast is always funny, Mr. Moore is armed with facts and he presents them accurately and succinctly. The controversial filmmaker stated on the today show that the White House mock pieces have denounced the film as outrageously false without seeing it, and right wing Republicans who charge Mr. Moore with staging a left wing conspiracy to influence the fourth camera election. Well, duh, for years reactionary conservatives have been famous for staging right wing conspiracies of their own to disgrace and discredit elected democratic public officials, maybe this is payback time. Whatever it is, everyone should see Furnit 9-11 first before debating the issues. The purpose of any documentary is to influence opinion, but instead of the customarily droning voice to comments on the action tells you what to think, this one asked tough logical questions, its rational answers and never loses its entertainment value. Mr. Moore who's tackled corporate greed in Roger and me and gun control bowling for Columbine, now feels driven and obligated to strip the facade from a staggering bowl of swaggering bowl-like and grammatically challenged bully, and a cabinet that is beginning to look more like the third right every day. He accuses them of lying about their motivations for declaring war against Iraq, a country that never threatened American the first place, killing thousands of innocent civilians in retaliation for the acts of 9-11 aggression, although not one of the terrorists was from Iraq, and killing more than 800 of our own American kids all from ethnic or working-class families. Nobody denies that Saddam Hussein was a monster, but not the Iraqi women and children who have been saved from un-filling only to be burned in shot and mean for life without arms and legs by a villains in a different uniform. At the same time, Mr. Moore shows Mr. Bush justifying American atrocities against Saddam Hussein by actually saying to the camera, he tried to kill my daddy. Like his daddy, he knows he might also get kicked out of the White House after serving only one term. Still he pursues a war that is losing the hearts and minds of even the boys who fight it, the interviews with our soldiers on the front lines will make you weep while earning the U.S. unprecedented heights of global hatred and distrust even from long-standing allies. And he does it on the Gulf course ignoring the pressing domestic issues of healthcare education's social security, unemployment and the economy while instructing frustrated reporters to watch his next drive. In his first eight months in office he was on vacation 42% of the time. Meanwhile, the current occupants of the White House bolstered by an irresponsible press that is never bothered to ask them by questions, and courted public support by hammering hold of the kind of fear and board again religious ideology that keep people people subservient and paralyzed. Mr. Moore is saying that in the lineup of fear factors terrorist and sinners may have replaced communist and beat nicks, but if you keep the people frightened enough, the boy always wins. The movie begins with the awesome night in 2000 when the U.S. Supreme Court decided the election not the American voters, then unveils footage that was never reported on TV of the Bush in our commercial and the Zee in being pelting with raw eggs. Instead of the traditional walk to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, he was so afraid to leave the car he became the first president in the history, who was forced to sneak into the White House through the back door. Did you know that? Nope, where you do now. It was downhill from there and Mr. Moore has obtained amazing film to illustrate the graphic to our slandunk that follows, in the monthly reportage that is dominated the media for four years, for a few journalists have bothered to investigate the shroud of secrecy surrounded the Bush presidency that keeps the people ignorant to write about it to explain it. Mr. Moore does it with wit and cleverness. There's no doubt that he would do anything to provide a Bush reelection, but there is no conjecture here, no embellishment he doesn't need any. W and company are easy targets. Mr. Moore simply turns on his cameras and lets them hang themselves. He proves the one-and-a-half billion dollars in profits the Bush plan is made from oil interest in the family of the family of Osama bin Laden, the real perpetrator of the 911 disaster, then ask why when all the aircraft were grounded after 911, the White House allowed several planes to fly around the country, picking up the bin Laden family and protectively escorted 142 Saudis out of the country without interrogation, overrolling the protest of the FBI. You can say yes, but his family has denounced Osama so what's the problem? The problem is that the Bush's were in business with his family at the same time that Osama was under surveillance as they suspected al-Qaeda terrorists and neglected to make a full disclosure. Mr. Moore also reveals W's military records blood out the name of a fellow pilot whose flight status was suspended for refusing to take a physical exam. The friend Bush was trying to protect turns out to be James Arbath, who both managed the US financial investments of the bin Laden regime and bank ruled the various oil interest of the Bush brigade. Cuck to W, arrogantly stating, access is power. Then when he was investigated by the SEC, the man who got Bush out of hot water rubber W Jordan, who would later were appointed ambassador, you guessed it Saudi Arabia, the Aronis pile up like body bags. Now that the crack has hit the oscillator and he doesn't use the word crap to use as a Spanish word for you know what. Now that the crap has used the oscillator so to speak, Mr. Moore charges that the Bush administration has still not French. They still try to hide evidence of its own stupidity by censoring 28 pages of the independent report by the 911 Commission. If you don't guess for the Saudi Mr. Bush dining with the Saudi ambassador, with part of the Pentagon and flames in the background, this movie is not for you. No need to talk about the President welcoming the Taliban of the State Department, knowing they were harboring the man who bombed the US as coal. No need to go into the plans to build an underground pipeline through Afghanistan, pumping money into a company owned by Vice President Cheney, alarmingly it's all gone unreported by an irresponsible press corps. When they've 160 billion dollars currently invested by the Saudis and American business, no wonder our tax money pays for a six-man detail to protect the Saudi ambassador in Washington. But why does it take Michael Moore to tell us? This is all very disparating, but unless you've lost your sense of humor completely, you've just got a laugh when Mr. Moore intercuts Mr. Bush's tough talk from cowboy movies, with actual footage of the corny cowboys knows movies saying exactly the same things. I've hardly scratched the service of this electrifying documentary, Mr. Moore even cruises through Washington meeting from a loudspeaker the idiotic USA Patriot accastly passed by Congress without ever reading it, and chronically the lunacy it's inspired. Groups and individuals harassed by cops for holding private club meetings, a woman who refused to admit this to an airplane because she was carrying breast milk. All diversionary tactics has missed a more to distract the American people from viewing the corpses sent home from Iraq for funerals that have never once been attended by President Bush or debunking the myth of weapons of mass destruction. People of all ages are shown voicing doubts about the kids who have died in a questionable war with no end in sight and for what? Bush says defending freedom, the movie says making money. And talk about imbalance, fact. Out of 535 members of Congress only one has a child serving in Iraq. One of the most telling scenes in Fahrenheit 9-11 is Michael Moore standing outside the US Senate with a microphone trying to convince members of Congress to enlist their own children for the war. Now the single Senator or representative is willing to send his own children into harm's way. This is one of the few scenes in which the director appears at length. One of the things that makes this movie better and more convincing than his previous films is the way Mr. Moore stays mostly in the background, compiling facts and letting the evidence speak for itself. The can cognizant in the limousine levels of already declared Fahrenheit 9-11 the blockbuster documentary of the year, who knows how it will play in punk and creek. I think it should be required viewing for every American but as usual I hear the people who could learn the most from issues it raises will avoid it like a fundraiser for free abortions. Mr. Moore's opponents will label it ideologically fuel partisan adjit prop which it is but any visionary who tries to cultivate changes destined to harvest adversaries. With his usual fury channel and under control Mr. Morsez out to prick, probe and sound awake of call and an emotionally charged election year where the truth has been buried six feet on Rinsen Seeds with humor and bite. The result is undeniably galvanizing immensely watchable and then good filmmaking. If it convinces one non-voted or think it'll serve a purpose. The saddest most infuriating thing I learned from Fahrenheit 9-11 is not the political hack work but the reality of what a lightweight the present is in the context of American history. George W. Bush may be the first president of the US was brainwashed himself. That's the rest of the week. I can't wait when it will become South tomorrow. Big lines in New York, big lines in the church of Caldwella and on the judge report but an A. Plan 2 well in punk and creek. Yeah just like the Clinton book. Nobody's going to see it in punk and creek. Who the hell is that? Who the hell knows? The door is coming next to Miss Fudges of Place down there on South Beach. Where would it hell he's hanging it out? Scraimer? 26 past no and at 5.60 WDQAM. What a place baby! What a place! I'm just playing that next week when you're on vacation. In a personal vacation. You know it's summertime days to get longer nights getting shorter. Which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep. If you're not sleeping as well as you'd like to, call 1-800-MATRIS 2-Day millions of people of DAD 1800-MATT-RES. For the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. The easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep. Save time, save money and prove your productivity and brightened your disposition after a good night's sleep every night. DAD on my Chris's ranked numeral Uno and customers had a section and they were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award. When you call 1-800-MATRIS you'll get the best prices on the best brands. Would delivery in that tour window on your schedule when it's convenient for use. And the best customer service in the business on top of that. DAD on my Chris has the complete line of the top names in the universe. They got them all. They got Sigley, Civic King, Correl, Simmons, Temporary, Stewards of Ananas Foster. From candle to steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers, DAD on my Chris from liver right here. Door the fines vetting anywhere. Every one of QM including yours truly would call 1-800-MATRIS for a long time. Now you should be doing the same. Check them out on the web if you'd like at my Chris.com or better yet. Retrover pickup that instrument make that one easy call and just sit there on your ass. They'll be knocking on your door no time at all. 1-800-MATRIS, 1-800-MATRIS, TTR-ES. Why in local? Your sports radio 5-6-U-S, U-A-M. And culture is a party girl. Party girls, a party girl. And culture is a party girl. Party girl. Party girl. Purple bag. Very dark-skinned. Let's see. He's broke. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Oh, hey! Oh, hey! Oh, hey! Oh, hey! Oh, hey! Hello, I'm a host of the Girl in the Walls to be a media home, for birds that on top quiver. You are called, all this ladies is what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about, slam the ring. Nobody knows what about slamming out with a big scoop of mouth and a wonder the left of mangala, such a good Christian girl. You're on a strangling love. Quantificate who she's ain't? Political fun to talk to, forgetting from on the floor. What the heck? A Republican stanky home. She's a better real-life, remote. Laked in liberal, deserted work, you know. In a mini-sterage, show in capital. And culture knows what it can be. In a mini-sterage, dance feels fishy. She's tall, drink a water on the side of the lawn, with a back alley look to be like a broad star. If you got some money, she'll sprint those hakes with a cigarette and a charge name. And go drink, go drink, go drink, go drink, go drink. The individual, the right, the music. So, this is the story. Fumphrity 3, and that's a great leading to this story. We got it on our website today. It'll be much more effective if you read it to yourself, but it's very short, because I'm going to have to put too many bleeps in it. Mark aims right in the New York press. The quarter challenge. He says there was a talent and appearance by Ann Coder inspired an uneasy mixture of rage and desire. Most world admitted that there was something sexy about an area in Sheaverland calling out her country to conquer and Christianize the Islamic even. I don't think I was the only one who read that notorious post-9, 11 calmer, hasn't thought. Damn, I bet she's a good lay. But all how the mighty of fallen. Last week, Ann Coder appeared on Hannity in Comes looking haggard and clinically insane. The night of the living dead circles underneath her eyes, the lifeless here, it looks like she's been living on canned foods for the past two months. And look like she should be pushing a sh**. Hahaha. And look like she should be pushing a shopping cart, that politics for Bush. It wasn't just what she said, like repeatedly accusing Holocaust survivor George Soros of Bing-Athi Semitic. It was how she said it. She left insanely after every sentence fragments he uttered, a clear symptom of late stage paranoid schizophrenia. The saddest part was when Hannity flashed the cover, called her upcoming, how to talk to a liberal. There she is posing in full length in her tight black minni, a charlotte's M.I.L.F. wannabe, try to pass her off as a 40-something far-right pin-up, and star is sagging in apparently her handlers don't have the heart to tell her, which brings me to my challenge. I know believe Ann is half as sexy she wants us to believe. In fact, I'm sure that Ann has all the sexual dynamism of a cart in a fat's paper. So here's my public challenge to Ann Coder. I propose that you and I spend a night together and a forced our hotel. We will wind together, we will dine together, we will harden each other's knifles with a roddic pillow talk about Senator Joe McCarthy, and yes, and we will... And here's the deer. I'm betting that no matter how much you try, no matter what prostate massaging tricks a John Birch prom queen like you possesses, you and Coder cannot make me. I'll bet the idiot in logical house on it, if she can bring me to orgasm, I hear by promised to vote for George W. Bush. Moreover, I promised that I won't see Fahrenheit 9.11, and I promised to promote Bush's candidacy without irony and every article I publish between now and November. On the other hand, if Ann fails to make me by son-up, all I ask is that she'd dress like a genuine Republican woman, covering the knees, arms and neck and a barber bush burka, or dressing in McCarthy hearings, era, patnex and tweeds. Be as bland as you hear Ozan, it's time to stop fighting father time, and accept the cruel workings over here, Kristen God. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Fancy 60. I love it! 560 Pound 560, on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. It's time for a walk off performance. I'm here in the guilty. I just walk off by the end of week with just tomorrow. When I be great, I'm in the middle of the show. Oh come on, dopant handle it. I think I smid can that very jackass to it cause I probably should have saved that to go back to the vory that last sentence that I enjoyed so much. I'm sure it's still posted if you lost it. Yeah, it just didn't have the same. I don't I think I should have kept it. He did that or maybe it's in Gary's brown little little brown paper bag. WQA and hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon sir. Two quick things. Fair night on 11th playing on the sunrise boulevard theater. I don't know the name of it's the kind of an obanque art theater on sunrise. Right exactly. sunrise and we're sunrise at federal you know we're the big bend is okay. God I wish you the name of it. They have together everybody knows that it is pretty sure is in this and the other thing is real quick. What's what's going to happen next week rose is coming back or not or does anyone care or no. Coming back he's coming back don't don't don't buy it all the lives they feed in all this v.s. and a metal drama they try to stir up out. I think the people are just doing yes. No it's because there's stupid it's because they think that we have to do this in order to generate a little bit of a Simon and plus it's cheaper than going on and buying more billboards I guess. That's unbelievable we just the contemptible for your audience. I mean it just shows that it's contemptible for the audience plus as far as credibility is concerned it's a word you won't find in their vocabulary because evidently the most of the people who run this radio station don't care about credibility they don't understand that. Well if I remember right you're one scream the one time as your own credibility I think it's true is when you put an add on or spot people actually believe you go to that restaurant or you go to that the right way it was exactly why won't promote that damn auction there is that online auction because it's a fraud they're trying to make people think that it's like for charity and in the meantime they're just stuff in the money in their pocket when you go to the summer schedule to carry off. Not soon enough. Let's see Monday July 5th is that it yeah. And then you're on Tuesday Thursday and George does the rest. July and most of August right. George is a nice stop to build some big short. And you know they give me a lot of crap when I first said let's put you right there. All junior what do you must be crazy. And air v show air v week every time he gets better and better and better and quite frankly I don't see like any drop off much on our website but there's a lot of interest and he's doing just fine. You know the thing is it be crazy. What is it? I was just going to say if you on the political stuff he's right with you stride for stride is very very good and his is my knowledge is really I mean sure that you've done some research and that kind of suck up you've done the work and it's a pretty gorgeous crap man. When he gets a sex stuff and the other weird stuff it gets kind of tedious but hey everybody has a smile. Well he's desperate man. Have a great day. Good luck. Oh, we're here the opposite. He's like the political stuff. It's tedious. Yeah. I know that those those people are talking about those are the same ones that are watching Oprah and blah blah blah about the stain on Monica's dress. I'm I'm telling you seriously the people who talked about sex are the ones who are getting the least I guarantee that those are people who are talking about it very little those that are people that are banging their brains up to getting all they can handle and then some all right. But those people like kids in a locker room out of she I did. There's I know you didn't you only you're only thinking about it. Who the hell are you? I mean so tragic here we have a present that's all he was an office for eight long amazing years and only want to talk about is the impeachment and he lied to his wife and about the Monica and doesn't he feel bad for her isn't an amazing house so we're supposed to forget about how she told her girlfriend there who she thought was a good buddy Linda trip that she was bringing her presidential knee pads when she found out she was going to be an intern at the White House she was bringing her presidential knee pads. Do I have to draw you a diaphragm? You were watching that's a girl. No Oh, he looks like a guy. She's seven feet wide. She makes me want to first try. But now, there's a little trick to find. Let's take with her. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. We're still spellin' twins. She's spellin' twins. I'll float it and I'll flee back to it. She wants the beauty of this stop of music. And ripping her and Ash with songs like this. But we find that a music from that self-remoting ugly thing. How much were you pay? How much were you paid? How much were you paid? Four monocos, day. Four monocos, day. I would cure teeth and they'll end up stained. But what women women women women women women women they treat so fast. I wish you all would be alone. I'll just like you think what you do out there. I'll be only taking them away. Women about your father's being. Just who do you think you're a bully? You've had a bunch of suckles and they pay. You're really matrified to the critters. Oh no. It's a tip of the f***ing tip. The fuck 45 is $5.60WQM. This poll today is going over like a pregnant poll of all of her when they hit a July in the equator. But that's okay. What kind of American political figure has the biggest pair of Gohones? We're looking for big ones, baby. Michael Moore, he's the only one. 270 votes. Channel Reno. She's got 54. She puts the other guys to shame. How are genes only got? About 30 men. George W. Bush 23. Of course we know we know exactly what those 20s view votes mean. Richard Clark 18. Ted Kennedy 16. I hear there Richard Clark personally flew to play. That took the Saudis back to Saudi Arabia. Did you hear that? That's right. It was a big plane. Took all of been ladins back. I don't know what that guy was talking about. Ted Kennedy 16. Al Gore 10. Dennis percentage seven. Russell 17. Joe Biden 5. Al Sharpton 5. Jesse's Jackson's got three. John Bro. Final Gal one out of 409. John Bro. You know, John Bro. No. And I think so. 560. 560. On the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I'm not going to give you my version of what a patriot action is. Anybody in there immediate family from up to age 30. Funds, daughters, nieces, nephews, cousins. It's mandatory they go on the serve. I guess I'm here with their job is. There are a reserveists right now who had jobs that had to leave their jobs. And anybody including it for the president on down. If a lawyer is that essential, the their kids go first. Sounds good to me. And here's another thing. I was drafted in Vietnam. I went on and bought them in the years they had blind faith in their government. My father was drafted in World War II. But my son did not go into this war. And if Bush gets reelected, there's no doubt in my military mind that it's going to be a draft again. And this is the most important election for you. Kids out there who are 19, 18 first time voters. You don't realize how important it is. I'm not going to. I'm going to go back now. Photo roll you know. In foul thanks. I'll see you as some of you people at the border. If Bush gets elected again, make a mistake about it. All on next Monday is the National Election here, which is a nightmare. I always thought that the politics are really silly and they usually are. Yeah. But this time the right wing party, after you had the before party and the alliance. With the two right wing parties, then they merged out of desperation because they've been getting their asking for a long time. And then the liberals had a fund disappearing kind of scandal. And as a result, after Craig Chandler, the office in Paul Martin took over and herded the liberal party and was the prime minister. Then they've got all of these problems. So the polls are like neck and neck. The conservatives have been ahead and it's like even Stephen and there may be a minority government. But the Stephen Harper who's kind of like George W. Bush with a better hairdo and younger. And a lot of the better speaker. He's like just another Nazi. And Michael Moore was here a few days ago and said, please Canadians don't make the same mistake. We made an America don't get sucked in by the far right, which I'm afraid is what they're going to do. The fetus hugging homophobic right wing crowd. So we'll see. So maybe don't come to the board yet. I'll let you know if the coast is clear. Five six seven. Five six seven. Maybe we'll see what I'm stood on on the damrack. Okay. I wonder if that rats still running around McDonald's. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. On the damrack. Five six. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How's my buddy doing it? My good close personal friend. Only by default. W to Q a and hello. Hey, can you not make anyone else to your list? She's got a big pair of Maxine Waters. I like her a lot. Even a lot of people all of those right wingers. Oh, she's a communist. Yeah. She's a little bit too far left wing for them. But you know what, two freaking bad. I don't hear them people complaining about new Kingrich or Bob Bar. A ring of those other right wing maniacs or Jesse Hums or Strom Thurmond or any of them. Maxine Bar. You got it. We got me Maxine. Maxine Bar. She just married Bob Bar. Oh my God. Well, wait till she wakes up in the morning. Maxine Waters. Sorry. I apologize. 560560. 660. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Our topic today. Will there be a hockey season? Does anybody care? Oh. Let's say I've got the hockey draft on Saturday. Gelties going to be talking to himself and the Randy the more man. Ow. At least you'll be on here. Anybody Geltie, which is something I see him. Oh, he doing like spot duty from here on out. You know, once Joe comes back. He'd be cutting spots. No, I'm serious. I only see him like a little bit here a little bit there. Because once once we get to the fall, he's supposedly working for the organization. Then it'd be good excuse to give a life ship him off. Although I got to be honest with you. Even though I'm going to have like most of the summer often only working Tuesday and Thursday. I will get if he and Mo are reunited by force. You know what I mean? In other words, by a coercion. Yeah. I would get up early. I get up at the five o'clock to hear some of that. Because that has got to be some of the most testies radio you have ever heard in your luck. Can you imagine it? It ought to be cold. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Wainers, Tardis. Not there, huh? Too bad. WQAM. Hello. Pretty good. I guess I'm going to put you for your fall. Okay. I forgot his name. I don't want to go look it up on the Google. The young mayor of San Francisco. I have no idea who that is. But that's the law. You know the faith for the game manager. Okay. The young mayor. I remember who you're talking about. We'll find out Mayor San Francisco. We'll do a Google. Thank you. Do a little Google on that. Josh. Google it. Mayor San Francisco. He's Google. Is he Google in it? Yeah. We can play some Google music. Well Google it was one year over there on the computer. But make sure you keep your hand by that button because George is a little bit on edge. That's your remote at protest music there from the Michael Moore promo from her for a night 9 11. You got it? Yeah. It's just there. You know what we didn't do this morning? Oh wow. I feel so insufficient. What if we don't do it? I didn't have you feed me that that molting from yesterday. Ah David. That promo. You know what I mean? That's your duty. Oh. That's a must for tomorrow. Right. Tomorrow morning before the show. Oh my god. That's where it is. Okay. It's enough for that. Joe Connison, New York Observer. He's one of the best. He writes 9 11 panel become Chinese nightmare. It's short. Don't worry. It's not all I'd like. It's okay. The coast is clear. Oh, you're not going to be reading all that stuff. And I'll do whatever the hell I want. How do you like that? And the Greg Reed. See, you know what, really? I want to digress. Just momentarily. I'll save this because I want to go off on a rant. You know what pisses me off most. What's that? And I'm not just talking about me. I'm talking about because I don't hear the station that much. Because number one, I'm not in the sports. Number two. I'm not there. So I'm not going to sit around here listening. You know. But. Here has come down all these edicts. Okay. From the FCC and from corporate and all of this. This tremendous chill that we're operating under. Just like that last bit that I played. Now if I want to pat myself on a back. I almost kind of like because I auditioned at the head of time during the break to make sure what I was going to have to dump in here. I knew there was something a chick with a. You know, right? And I almost kind of like knotted off what I was going on. And you'll notice I just. And then when the echo it repeat it, I still got. I want those in there. I think I think that some of us have done one hell of a damn good job. If I do say that myself under impossible circumstances. If the audience were not putting on about this, I mean, we can't say crap anymore. And half of them do believe that we're just. The word sounds words that we used. The whole, I mean, stuff that I've been saying on here for 25 years. We can't say anymore. But instead of that instead of saying, boy, these guys are really. You know, Greg read our leader is busy worried about, oh, well, does new. A little something we know, you're a lunatic man. You have no appreciation for what goes on for what other people have done for you and made you into. And I would every time it comes in, which is very rarely. Thank goodness when I'm there. But when it comes, oh, great book, you know, I always say, oh, we couldn't do that without you, Greg. Sarcasticly, is if he's going to get it, I mean, yeah, couldn't do that without you and your brilliant leadership. This guy wouldn't know where to stick a microphone because like to pen it on it. Wouldn't know how to turn on a mic switch if you held it oozey to his head. Where that big ball spot is where he keeps picking at it. You follow what I'm saying. Yes, I'm wrestling with a fact-spishing right now. Why is that? Because you know, multi-page 20 page stories coming across and everything. But somebody did send a link to where your movies are showing in Toronto and and I sent you the link. I typed it in. Oh, I deleted that because I thought it was the one you said you couldn't find it. No, no, no, I sent you a new one just now. Oh, I see. The link is a million letters long. Well, I did find four places where to show in its starting tomorrow. But my god, Mrs. Saga and the places with the place is listed here. Like downtown. I guess I don't know where these are. Like somewhere in the city. I mean, there's a post like famous 30 miles away. Where famous players over city, your tail. Oh, really? Yeah. Okay, excellent. Thank you. Thank you. Good. Thank you, Mr. I guarantee there won't be any theatre is censoring it here. In fact, keep in mind that he had to come up here to do a bowling for Colomine fulfillment here because he couldn't film it anywhere in the USA. Because nobody would let him do it. Nobody would like a funded nobody. And thank you, remember, in bowling for Colomine when he walked around the streets here in Toronto from from door to door. I mean, granted it was staged, but nevertheless, the point was well taken. And people didn't lock their doors. What a concept. Because they're not scared. They're not scared. Schmittless because they're afraid somebody other next to neighbors going to kill him. Which is one of the reasons that there's so much friendly or less up tight here is because they're like a little bit more civilized to catch my drip. I mean, we're getting there. We're starting to make a little move. A little catch up. They thought it was catch up. To be the real thing. Joe Conneson, right? So I have time before the break. I better not. Go for it. We're doing one hell of a job here for you, Greg, and the main time. What are you doing? And then having a cup called in the middle of our show, disrupting our lives. Some piece of crap you are, man. You can't complain about the appreciation we get from him for the job that we're doing under impossible circumstances. And then just because we're working so hard to try to keep everything on an even kill. He's working fever. So he can't help us lose the license. My life and love. This is for 25. You and me. Oh, piece of calories. And you know, more of a delicious and her age will realize that one too. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh, what can I call him? I'm not the one ratings even in a mo-hot, and David is honed. And I'm just going to call him my aspirations. Oh, God! Hey, wait for me. I don't even hire children. They're a mom. Hello. And I want you to take on J.P. Oh, J.P. Is a great call. Have I killed a good joke? I like J.P. Well, not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah. He's going to be careful with you. Oh, please don't. Thank you, ma'am. Oh, no, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. But I have nothing else to say. Look at how about this. How's the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am? I'm right down the street from you. Oh, yeah. I have to go. Oh, wait. No, no. I have a move. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old tentations. How's that? By the way, true. That was the only call that we had. The things on your nose is blowing again. There's a lot of noise. Why don't you go to the door? Why? We're going to the family's voice. Why? We're going to the door. Wow. You got things with your day. I need those and I need some things. And around those old tentations, you walk high. I want to walk high. And you go look and down here, I don't see. I'll roll my book, you silly lady. You just get me some, wait to buy, I need some. I know that clothes, when something's steam. Almost every day, I need some. And my veins, and they stop at the cold. I ain't annoying. We're going to the door. Yeah, I'm going to go. Oh, my top, all of that. And my clothes are going to grow wild. And I know that's still a good old day. Yeah. I'm going to go on this day. And tell your channel to stop at the rain. I know that a good old day. I know that a good old day. I know that a good old day. I know that a good old day. But I'll pay it $5.60, W2M 92, I'll kill them all. I'll go tax in Iraq. The Iraq attack is going on. It's still six days before the deadline. Before the big turnover hand over, you take a week and a one at the hot potato. Oh, it's going to be great. Oh, wait. A wave of insurgent bombings and ambushes and key arachisities. Kill 92 people already today. And terror mastermind, Abu and wasob, Alzarkawi has emerged as a key suspect. We thought was dead and then we thought he had one leg and then we thought he's be hitting all these people and whatever. Violence rock bag dead, Falu, Javramani, Mosul and Bakubah. The assault came six days ahead of the scheduled hand over a power of the U.S. light coalition to Iraqis. About 285 people were wounded. The attacks courted Iraqi police and health officials. Hours after the near simultaneous strikes, the military wing of the unification in the G-HOD. The unification in G-HOD, a groupling to Alzarkawi, should have stayed on a website that claimed responsibility for attacking five. Police stations in Mosul, two locations in Bakubah, one in Ramadi and other in Baghdad. And on a coast. It's going to be really, really ugly. And then of course, and then it'll get worse. We have no business being there in the first place. And like that New York Times, like that anonymous CIA guy said, How come we're like doing all of this? How come we're not finishing off Alkana? Shut up. What we're doing is phone. I can't forget that. I know it was in New York Times. I think I might have even been in the Herald and the Sun Sentinel. But after 9-11, we were chasing after Osama, Yamama. And here he was pointing, I Osama wants you to invade Iraq. Osama wants you to do the Anandicate. Bush, you go right into it. Got sucked right into it. Can I say that? No. Kevin and four lot of Ayo and that thing you emailed me. Hotmail has blocked that potangeless danger. Why don't you just print it out in the faxed to me? Got to be so much easier for me. Huh? I did print it out. No, the email is on the way. So when the faxed to the faxed to the level. Anyway, Kevin and four lot of Ayo says Fahrenheit 411 is a 411. That's a watered down version. Is opening tomorrow at the Gateway Theatre in sunrise. Better than the highway in 4-Lotterdale. Well, that's the one that we're talking about. The Gateway. That's near Ill Molino. See. Right next door to it. Sunrise cinema is at sunrise 2. That's Pine Island at the Northwest 44th Street. Pine Plaza and sunrise. Also the intercocial mall sunrise cinema. 30701 northeast 163. 330. Sunrise Boulevard North Miami Beach. And sunrise cinema is at Myzinger Park in Boca. 301. Plaza Bayon, US-1 North and Palmetto Park Road. And for more locations you can go to sunrisecinemas.com. And Marcus says, No, that's right. I'll be right where you know that. Marcus who goes there to see game movies. The Gateway in 4-Lotterdale will be. He says he got his tickets. And the evening screening for tomorrow night is already sold out. How do you like that? Thanks Marcus. Thank you whoever else Kevin. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Rumors around the building. Joe Rose will be back Saturday at the Amica Sukey. In fact, you were more on here. And is that deep hose going to be doing there. Come some deals in the aback. And cut and cut and cut. He'll be cutting something. The cheese maybe. And then next week he'll probably be back. That's what I'm here. And I think that he finally got a hold of Greg. And they had their, uh, held their meeting. And then I was said. And all of this crap, all of this stuff in very jackass tomorrow. They just keep dealing with you people around. That good as we don't do that in this show. Just the sports shows. That's another place where we kind of like draw the line. We separate ourselves from our fine colleagues just a little bit. Not that we don't want to be lumped in and lumped in with a bunch of sport holes. But that we don't. Let's see that thing just come over here. There we go. Thank you so much. All over the place. Excellent. Send it to another way that probably will. This is out. Backing standing. Great. Well, I don't want to go off to Mrs. Saga. But there's certainly some here that are within 100 miles. That's a beautiful thing. Thank you. So much. Joe Connison writes an 911 panel because Cheneys Nightmare. With the pressions that offer to companies, the Coisee Conscience Vice President Dick Cheney opposed an independent investigation of the 911 attacks from the very beginning. In the spring of 2002, Mr. Cheneys sought to intimidate Senator Tom Dashall, then the Senate Majority Leader from undertaking authorizing such an investigation. Any probe of the events leading up to the catastrophe might somehow damage the war on terrorism he warned. The Bush administration lost that fight when Congress authorized the creation of the 911 Commission, officially known as the National Commission on Terrorist attacks on the United States, and the President reluctantly signed that legislation reluctantly. Now we know what may be behind the Vice President's troubled pronations. The Commission's activities have an hampered American action against terrorism, but a tearing Zandre ports have brought considerable discredited upon the Bush administration, not only for the administration's handling of the terror threat before 911, but most recently for White House propagandizing about legislation between Al Qada and Iraq. During the past week coinciding with the Commission's final public hearings, it's staff released to report that rejected the White House claims of collaboration between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden against the United States on that murky issue, the reports words are worth quoting in full. A senior Iraqi intelligence officials are reportedly made three trips to Sudan, finally meeting bin Laden in 1994. Bin Laden is said of requested space to establish training camps as well as assistance in procuring weapons, but Iraq apparently never responded. There have been reports that contacts between Iraq and Al Qada also occurred after bin Laden returned to Afghanistan, but they do not appear to have resulted in a collaborative relationship. Two senior bin Laden associates have adamantly denied that any ties existed between Al Qada and Iraq. We have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al Qada cooperated on attacks against the United States. The White House propagandic campaign leading up to the invasion of Iraq was so successful at polls once showed nearly 70% of the American public believe that Iraq was somehow responsible for the 9ª atrocities. Along with Saddam's mythical nuclear arsenal and other weapons of mass destruction, his alleged links to Al Qada provided the chief argument for the Bush-Chainee War policy. Although President Bush's since admitted there is no evidence that the deposed dictator was behind 9ª of an attack, he sent led to the Congress in 2002 indicating he knew otherwise. He said I have also determined that the use of armed forces against Iraq is consistent with taking necessary action against those nations who planned, authorized, committed or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on 9ª 11. In his mission accomplished speech aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1st 2003, the President posted, we've removed an ally of Al Qada. Since then, Mr. Cheney is also repeatedly content that Iraq directly assisted Al Qada, although he hesitated to suggest that Saddam was behind 9ª 11. He claims that Iraq assisted Osala bin Laden's criminal associates with bomb making and with training in the use of biological and chemical weapons. So the commission staffs, ladies' findings, and curated the vice president. His echo in the New York Times, op-ed columnist William Sapphire, denounced them as the work of a runaway stand. Mr. Sapphire forgot to mention out where that the commission's executive director, Phil Zellikaw is a Republican and close associate of national security adviser Condoleezza Rice. A temptinger we butt the offending report Mr. Cheney told an interviewer that he probably has more information about the relationship between Al Qada and Iraq than the commission does. If so, he should be asked to present that information to the commission, whose Chairman Thomas Kain and Vice Chairman Lee Hamilton have tried to downplay their stark differences with the White House. They have yet to answer the Vice President's thoughts with a firm request for any additional proof he may possess, about Iraq and Al Qada. To fulfill the responsibility of the nation, Mr. Kain and Mr. Hamble, the need to show that they'll insist on the truth no matter how much embarrassment they may prove to the President and the Vice President, and since Mr. Cheney's taken upon himself the nasty task of discrediting the commission, he may also be asked to answer some more questions about his own war on terrorism. According to an eligible source, the commission has not yet investigated the White House counter-terror task force that the Vice President was appointed to chair in the spring of 2001. That task force repeatedly held no significant meetings and achieved nothing of consequence during the six months leading up to September 11. Before the 9.11 commission completes its work and issues its final report to the summer, Mr. Cheney should be asked to explain why despite all the warnings about Al Qada, he did so little. And that's all we want to know. One simple question. Yeah, should be easy. Cheney, we don't want it. 560, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We apologize the pull question that he isn't conducive to a lot of names being called in because let's face it. It's hard-finding balls. Can we even say balls? It's hard-finding. We have the MWQM.com for option though. We have all kinds of balls for option though. That's right. If you want to give money to the beesleys then we can say balls and we can auction them off. One of the great scans like I said, Greg is fiddling while QAM is burning. There he is. Plan the field. In fact, maybe that's why he sounds so much like Jack Benny. Clearly. Ever think about that? Ever see that two together? No. No. Maybe he'll have a low-pudmary livingston. That would be a match made in heaven. What correct American political figure has the biggest pair of kohones? Michael Moore 288. Big ones. Big gigantic humongous. Jan Arrino. Well in doubt with 61. W. Scott 38. Howard Dean 34. Wurcher Clark 21. He's flying at plane back right now. Ted Kennedy 19. Dennis Kusinitz 12. Al Gore's got 10. Al Sharpenate. Russ Fingold 8. Joe Biden 6. Jesse Jackson Ford. John Bros. Goan. What do you know? Good old John Bros. Goan. He's the only motorboat against the. He's so called indecency bill in the semthia that he. Matching waters don't have any and Gavin Newsom. Who the hell's that? The mayor semifinals. Well that's the mayor semifinals. Why couldn't he do that? Not never heard of him. My I did back in the day when we were shown that stuff. Gavin Newsom, the mayor of San Francisco, he has the big. Oh, so far out of 510 vote. One 13. A Q&A. We find if the mad dog is back in town as he still in Iceland as he still in a. No, we didn't find out. We did not find out. My terrorists is probably busy trying to get his story straight with Duff and Greg. They're probably in another big meet. If you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop up when those being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with those bugs is to get you a Macintosh from Mac Center, the Apple Specialist and for Loderdale. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different based on Windows, so all those PC pests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change over the Mac with thousands of programs available including ones. You already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers at trading. So make the change today by calling Mac Center at 9.5.4. 4.8.6.5. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPad any place else in town because Mac centers the home of the 5% rebate on every purchase. Come in before June 30. But third man. Which means you got almost a week to register when the hard to find iPod Mini. That's the Mac Center on Commercial Boulevard, Callum at 9.5.4. 4.8.6.5.5.5. And be sure and tell that Neil sent you by for extra savings when you stop into the Mac Center. The Mac Center is 5.6.5.6. It's your use on your phone. I'm happy you, Ian. It's easy. She can crack a wall not with her two massive cheeks. If you do something she doesn't like magic freaks. She's a cold witchy diva of wild fencing. And now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs Mark Anthony. She picked Mark over those two other clowns. She weighs more than him by like 70 pounds. She's a screaming club who takes loose stands to go pee. And now Jennifer Lopez is Mrs Mark Anthony. Oh my god. How long can this bear in place? It happened all the past. Better blackies of gas. Jen. As a dog she he passed. In the trouble for care. The door's door's door's door. It's a fight to have a man. Mark should be okay if he keeps his mouth shut. His new ladies he goes big ass with bugs. And no one is happy that he did he? Raccoon. Because Jennifer Lopez is now Mrs Mark Anthony. Why are got treated with my drop to one knee? She's got to two husbands now Mark is lucky number three. Probably most convinced that a question about dropping a knee. And if you're not a kid, you're not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. That's correct. That's what we're up against. If you want to know who the enemy is I'll tell you right now. Far bus and a goiim. If you don't know what that means, look it up. Ask Mary and Webster. Ask Ben Webster. Ben Webster. Ben Webster. Ben Webster. The anti-deformation league which fights anti-Semitism and religious discrimination. Said it was dismayed about the platform. The separation of church and state which is enshrined by the US Constitution and court rollings. America was founded on the belief that freedom of religion requires that the government take no official stance on or participate in religious activity or religion. The group said in letter to Tina Benkeiser, the chairwoman of the Texas Republican Party. An additional longest established Jewish communities. Texas is home to a sizable population of Muslims. Members of what experts say is one of the fastest growing religions in America. Benkeiser said in the statement Texans believe the party represents their beliefs and values. Our platform is an acknowledgement that most of our nation's founding fathers had a deep faith in God. She said. Answer the question. The Republican Party of Texas affirms that the United States of America is a Christian nation. And the public acknowledgement of God is undeniable that our history reads the plaque in the parties. 2004 platform which was recently adopted is a Christian nation. The first amendment of the US Constitution says Congress shall make no law respecting an established religion or prohibiting fair exercise. They rub. The anti-deformation league said that Texas Republicans should modify the language in their platform. Three enforced principles that unite our diverse nation. The group said that the party kept similar language in platform in 2002. Farb Fissin of Gaiam. That's what we're talking about. That's your presence. But his faith-based charity, all this other pantering. The jury fall wells, the Pat Robertsons, the Jimmy Swagritz, the James Dawson's. All these other people who used to be on the lunatic fringes. The Gary Bowers of this country. Now they've got the keys to the kingdom, baby. They're running a roost. So I can tell you. Participant of Gaiam. The hate mongers. And you wonder why the rest of the world hates us like poison and is scared to mentals of us? Now they will fear you. Yeah. Oh, speaking of that, you let me almost forget. All that great homework I did yesterday. Mr. Tim Tanjue. Mr. Tim Tanjue. We were members of the Corley Hall family. Did you serve under tempo regime, Peter Cremenz, and the veto for Leon also know as the guy father? I never, I never got up. I don't know how badly it's going to go. Mr. Tanjue, you're contradicting us more and more lately. You've read this you made to me in time. I asked you again sir. Here and now under oath. Where are you at any time? Remember the crime organization headed by Michael Corleyon. I'm not talking about that. All of them. I was in the olive oil business with his father, but that was a long time ago. That's all. We have a sworn half of faith. We have it. Your sworn half of faith. It should murder or the orders are likely to come out. You're not talking about the law. Do you deny the confession? And you realize what will happen as a result of your denial? So if you have to be like guys, it's not the spirit of the hate. So I made up a lot of stuff about Michael Corleyon. Because that's what they wanted. He's worked by one of all lives. Everything. Can I get some Michael Corleyon a little bit this? Then Michael Corleyon did that? So I said, I did it. Sure. I love it. That's one of my very favorite scenes. At any rate, Frankie Pentangely. Don't worry, Frankie 5A, and he'll take care of you. You as war crimes immunity, good fails. The US has given up trying to win its soldiers immunity from prosecution at the new international criminal court for which we have nothing but content by the way. You went secretary-genital coffeian and had warned the security council not to renew the measure partly because of the prisoner of use scandal. Abu Ghara, Raj, Washington with US resolution after became clear would not get the required support. For the last two years, and it secured special status for US troops arguing that could face malicious prosecutions. The United States has decided not to proceed further with consideration in action on the draft at this time. In order to avoid a prolonged and divisive debate, so the US deputy or deputy ambassador the UN James Cunningham, we're dropping action on this resolution. I wonder if he's really the rich he's cutting in. Do you think? Or a Tom Bosley. Tom Bosley. Got to say a right. Tom Bosley. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget, Gilles on a way out. That's the MS of QAM. Should we print that sir? Should we begin right toward the SN of the show? WQAM, hello. Yes sir. My nomination would be for Barney Frank. Barney Frank's got a big pair. And I'll go mention when Harbour is fighting call the Columpo to make it House Negro. I love that. Okay. I'll pass the one. And his daughter too. And his lovely daughter. Barney Frank. Can't put Harry Bellafonte on her too. Okay. He's the old banana boat. Maybe there's something under that boat. Yeah. Black tarantula. 560, 560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Isn't it amazing? I've dick army is now working with the ACRD. That's the most astonishing things. I guess we don't have that under army doing. Oh, we have it. I do like fishing quiet. And I don't need to listen to Barney Frank. Barney Frank, hang in in my ear because I've made a few bucks up a book I worked on. Back in the day when someone done a strong way. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor there was a jump to drop their bombs. We bomb them back. And now the sun is, they hit us hard. And our hearts are little flat sweet. Ah that's all in lovin' retard points above us the wrong way. And 하면 barrels free. In America they'd fly on no one's like them. They'd unite in space of arrogance but by foreshitting possibly, wreak bunch of unfreezing abuse. Abel and Toilet's the darkest days and I is the breeze I don't want to be a pack of mariner Dimit You were saved What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the mess If you want that as you lead to drive You're gonna need more gas If it's the greatest country in the world They train us to believe And anyone who says that obviously And so forward to be And not embarrassed to be in America Where we take triologically Wave a flag and one hand With our head in the sand It lightly hollow the powers that he had with that thing Watch the state well you who's on a six-speed five-speed Scratcher V5 everything's okay I am in the USA One thirty two or five sixty I'll be the QAM So anyway if you're missed the beginning of the show If you don't get the hero If you don't get the hero congratulations But very jackass wrote a piece this morning It seemed to simulate a quite a bit of a Controtance around a building I guess more and the big Talk about this at length this morning Right? I'm sure you must have been listening Oh yeah everybody What about Josh? Did you hear any of it? Yeah Why you don't listen? Come on You're one of the sports crowd man David Boring and gonna speak to you if you're not listening to a QAM sports Anyway It was just a joke. Don't roast taking a week off WQM future up in a year But very man whoever made that headline makes it seem like the future of the station in the course of we didn't even Gringshand that might be accurate the future of the station might be up in a year He's turned that license into a piece of Swiss cheese if he don't cut the crap You know what I'm saying? Well more like And they answered dust question or Greg's question on behalf of his pimped up who he had called me 11 o'clock this morning Right in the middle of the show. I guess I do know something. Okay. I do know something that is that I'm working for a lunatic That's what I do know a Certifiably insane person. That's what I know Neckles without sand you are not alone guy. I know. Reckham In the latest installment period rights in WQM's never ending soap opera morning host Joe Rose said when's that He's frustrated that General manager Greg Reed has not Made time to meet with him. Although of course this is in this morning's paper, but they met yesterday So either they met too late to beat the deadline. Oh, I'm sure that the deadline at the arrow It was like two or three in a morning, but at any rate Said that Greg Reed hasn't had made time to meet with him. Does no way if he wants to return to the station mean time Reed said he hasn't decided to throw so be invited back. Oh my god. How do you like that? He hasn't decided to fill the end. I did back because whatever the reason you know what I mean? What do you mean? Well, maybe just said something new. I'm trying to find something that I can play I know what it is you can kiss my rear end. That's about the only one I want to play that one we can also play our from Boka. That's about it In fact, I wonder what Joe Rose really thinks of Greg he is one good looking guy anyway Does it on so we can play? Rose the lead sports guys to write in B. C. six as it's called for some bizarre reason channel six It's taken as we call from WQM and says he's been working without a contract for eight months since replacing the fired Scott for Rale He said has been trying to meet with reading get a situation clarified and determine the direction of the station. I think that direction of the station is south We're going south He also wants the no pill continue to work alone on his eight to ten. I am sure be paired with somebody Anxious such as Yellow steam the GM doesn't have time to talk to me Rose said Read continues to mall what to do with his morning lineup after smashing in little pieces He hasn't got a clue what to do. He said he's still considering picking up Howard Sternson a kid at show But that would leave the station vulnerable to potential FCC fine Erring steering show might also be poorly received by dolphins management Who gives a crap about that too bad on other get like the herkun through the same crap with Donna She lay they didn't like that we got balls billboard member that how we came did on that crap. I do that was it is grace Donners and as matter fact I'm surprised she's not on a poll today. She's probably got a pair of Balls oh Because gold's now here comes the best part of Barry's column this morning. I wonder if he was eating a knowing on his salami sandwich when he wrote that Because gold's still be doing panthers radio play by play next season read said he's not sure whether he wants to continue Using him on a talk show now More Howard David and gold steam appeared on the 5 to 8 AM show are not expected To continue working together long turn They're not expected to get and let's keep in mind is coming from Greg to them saying now is is a summing joke comes back on Monday. There are two chances That guilty is going to show with Joe Rose none and much much much much much less than a there's no chance Don't want him on there Joe is doing great Joe roses are hero He's getting big numbers in their eight to ten without putting the license on the line which is quite an obelisk For us lately, yeah But doing a little bit too well Joe you did a little bit too well these last couple of trends now that book and then this last Doing a little bit too well I mean who do I want five and sixes in men there in eight to ten in the morning? I think in this last trend even gooseed up the other one before Absolutely, I'm talking about I want to mention most name The line of getting his nose or his hair out of joint So that's the latest content to come secure him and that's why everybody sounds a little bit goofy than usual 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line Everybody else phones it dropped off to a precious one W to Q AM hello Like I said to a precious none. Well, that's okay because the poll. I'm sure is close at this point, right? And these people I mean maybe maybe they got some denim left, but that's about all the material they got nothing 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT and T to buy panthers season tickets or not to buy that's our topic today What huh Yody call him the panther games. Will you listen when you laugh? Will you well what your pants? W Q AM hello W Q AM hello He's an idiot W Q AM hello Neil. Yes sir. I got a guy Charles Wrangle Charlie Wrangle. He's got a humongous pair like watermelon stanky. Well, I was not a racial comment Charlie Wrangle got a no W on that by the way. It's just with an R Yeah, the George said Nazi I just said Nazi myself In fact even our good friend Rich Shaw when at the sawdust Kathy's got he said it's a lie I am not a Nazi. See he said Nazi too. I could not see the humor in that. Yeah, what a revelation huh? Well, I'm telling you that mouth breather. I just a two by four wouldn't do justice. No put a nail in it Yeah, when I went a rusty nail on the end and just cruiseth it just squashes had like a like a great fruit Wouldn't that be beautiful just watch everything? I mean always be heading crap that's going on right me just watch We wouldn't even waste time doing that just watch it all splurt like into uh oh god I'd be heading to see that right now even oozing mass just kind of like squeezing that boil And by the way, it was a boil Audio selection from the closing memoirs sex sex sex sex diplomacy sex sex big Mac Sex sex sex Monica what was I thinking sex sex sex big Mac sex sex sex sex International house pancakes. Mmm Hillary whoa hell that get in there the Clinton memoirs That book stores this summer 144 at five 60 WCM here's a little inside info. I just got a facts from parents He just gives me one quote from that meeting with Joe and no Greg against a Joe Rosenberg read You guys Joe made it very clear. We don't want Kelly and I show and Greg asked him. What color we do with Goli I dumped a bitch right now. That was the quote. How do you like that? Well, was it I dumped a bitch right now now do you have that That Mohaw or David and think cuz I'm feel so bad. I feel we've neglected the audience, but I plan that tonight Is anybody that's in the audio vault somewhere. I don't even know where it's called it. It's in there somewhere In other words, you leave it. I think like floating around like in the etheric somewhere That's too valuable. I told him to put it in the the DCS a SAP because you never know how long those kinds of things in the DCS a SAP right Elemental OOP BFD and I don't know if he did or not not ask him but he went to so to the bathroom or something then hasn't come back He went to the bathroom and has come back what about 12 30 Something like that. I see during the last break you ran out of here and Hasn't got to come in back well, I'll be damn Well, he must be learning from somebody else we know I'm fact maybe he's on the floor you better better take a look The room for his predecessor that the world around the floor is I popping out of his head There he is. Hey Josh, where we have that now. Where did you go Josh? We finally had something to ask you and you're out there We're taking a liquid Josh Beckett in the pubic team room out there. What were we asking him? About that drop about that line about that. Oh, yeah about the Amohaw we David the drop in from yesterday Do we have it is it handy or something? front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while I'm a little slow learner But Neil I apologize. Oh, it's way deal you are the truth Don't let me forget to our morning. Now and we got to get that big Oh, you don't need him on here. Can't him off of their Greg get that big O. E. He's okay, but the set him up to sell our guacamole on a street corner Maybe you can hear some guacamole on the sandwiches over there at the sub center for Chuck, you know how's Chuck doing? See you lately. Yeah, good guy. That's all this morning. Well, how do you like that? See you guys my second powers again When's the last time I mentioned Chuck like I'm a So no Lauren that several and you saw in this morning I mentioned Chuck from the sub center I could put that damn what's your name out of business Mickey David? No forget about Mickey Dan. I'm talking about the Miss Cleo put her out of business and bull gripping all those other Shirley tweeter and all those other fake psychics man. I really have psychic powers I don't I don't have no Austin powers, but I have psychic powers Anyway, AOL employee charged in theft of screen names. This is just this is one more reason not to have AOL Is if you need a next or reason Don't we all hate AOL like poison and of course we say that but everybody out there's got AOL Which is why we get a limited number of hearts on our pool can't sell that Why do they have it though? They have kids or old people or women Well, I'm an old people and I don't have the way well and by the way if the hopper is less than which I got because he's at the Seminole's cut and deals with defa out there But if if Hank is less than when you get yourself a computer and stop eating old-futty dirty I heard him I guess when I was down there Yeah, and somebody was talking about oh well, we don't have no I don't think so I think it was I was here I was monitoring briefly while I was tapping out some stories on a computer and Somebody made some comment about well, we don't have any a computer internet here Oh, what I makes to of us and he's still bragging about the fact that he's computer illiterate and won't You know, sweat being an old fart and old-futty dirty, okay? It's that once you get into it, man. I don't know how you could live without it right next I don't know hook him up. There nice people. There you go. There he's it is and what and like when you're going on Vacations I go to Europe before five times a year and you go to anywhere you go now you've got all these These internet cafes And you go in there and Joshua like that you're going get a dunk in donut And some coffee yeah, I passed on those donuts boy. I saw those and I just flew away from that crap and And then you sit down and you you get a little card that's got uh for how you know or a little Thing with the number on it you just tap that in there and view it it's by time you know our hour and a half depending on how much So sheckles you put in here. I heard a lot of places in answer David like that as a matter of fact Yeah, right as a matter of fact Mad dog was talking about that yesterday in Reykjavik the same thing how he was online reading the hero and reading this and all this other crap All over the world so get with it Humper anyway a 24 year old software engineer at America online Inqueous arrested yesterday on federal charges that he hacked into the company's computers to steal 92 million email addresses That were later sold and used to bomb art a well members with spam Am I notice lately? I'm getting spam up the old actum, which is not good for your Royce by the way, but uh, and I don't have a well Do you think it's just a coincidence? No, it's a it's a Maintenance thing like I have Yahoo and you have to stay on top of it marking the things that you come in that are spam as spam and then you don't get that anymore I don't all these pop up ads that are and I have I have two I have the Alexa and the hot pot Right the pop-up blockers and all of a sudden lately for whatever reason there's still pop it in there And don't go to the drug report because she's got the pop-ups up the old shoot man There's one in the middle of the screen and one of the bottom right you know I'm talking about right speaking of pop-ups Yes, you're shoes down. I'll just pop that well, that's good. We'll keep them there Your mall walkers. They look nice. I think they are not there. They're great. Let me just do a little plug for Ryan and thanks to my friends at Brandies Thank you and also to broke me. I guess must have a brother, man. Yes, you did thanks, Brokley. You're not as bad as we thought But we're out. I'll probably before you show up No, don't be messing with that bulkrocos each one. It's like everything else. It's like your heart. It can only beat so many times and you know that Oh, no, you bastard you Shut up, guys But since I knew I wasn't coming back there for a while I went online ordered me a pair of new balance shoes with a Velcro the walk and shoes And if you know your size and then you can go online It's just amazing now. It's like with Brandies you go to that brandies use.com And you can order any of that stuff right online And so I went to new balance Canada online ordered some of our ship here. I had them in two days two days And they are sensational Fabulous. I think the day is coming if this bush don't blow up the whole world first The day is coming when we're gonna be doing a whole lot of our things online, you know Yeah, right. I mean I'm I'm fortunate because this town is got 80's in in books There's so you want to go out and get the latest Clinton book or whatever book you want to buy You don't have to worry about waiting a day or two, but if it's a book that's hard to find you go on amazon.com and bingo It's in your mailbox and a dare to Jason smathers who worked at the company. This is a well's dullest headquarters is accused of illegally obtaining the email addresses of Nearly all the internet providers customers in May 2003 Bastard smathers allegedly sold the names for a hundred grand a Sean done away 21 who ran an internet gambling business in Las Vegas prosecutors said Bastard Done away then sold the list one identified spammers Bastards who used it early this year to send millions of emails peddling Irbulled penal enhancement products a court of criminal complaint filed in federal court and so the district near which comes back to the thing I was starting as guest today interrupted myself. It was a penis interrupt this I was talking about the sea Alice and Viagra How is it possible in this country there are so many guys with limp penis is a Wimpen around Oh, that's easy What's the answer? Have you seen the one it oh? That must be it Greg says I just the pop sentence and I hey Greg go away Greg Okay, don't don't let us interfere with your busy. I know you got a heavy agenda We got to get Howard Stern now. We got to get the man cow on there as well Let's see who else has got to get for well back on here. Let's get for us. I think we're gonna get him as a sidekick on issue Making every have seen kind of everything is going great Greg everything is fine We love you especially the more you stay away the more we love you, okay? The less we see you the more we love you. How do you like that? See youצם Another thing Boys i'm fifteen to get anyway a little but you need to Yeah What do I I want a time, you're a pector, bring, go, don't ill, cheese a roe. Me in a cone, and fine fine. Why do you why don't you smack you? I know my smell attract you. But unlike that you, you still got such a job. I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what you need to do with that? That's why you are still not buying it. Oh, hey, dog, take a look at her. I've got no good choice, I have no good choice. I've got no good choice, I've got no good choice. I've had to do it so hard, I� the fried vessels at the end. That's a looping. It's way too little fun. All right, that's enough. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. One more. Thank you. OK, here's the end result of this poll today. Not a good poll. I apologize for that. And you notice we're not getting a lot of polls suggested any more no fangs. Yeah. That's the end. Huh? All the good ones are on there. We need a lot of polls to suggest there. Of course, I'm not going to be doing that many shows. So like I said, Jordan needs. But hey, you should have all kinds of polls. Oh, yeah. What kind of American political figure has the biggest paraphragonez? Who's got the big balls, baby? Michael Moore, 331. Oh, it is movie. I'll be in a theater near you tomorrow. Oh, unless it's a movie come because what is it? Movie come movie come movie come. Movie whatever it is. Movie con screw them. Michael Moore, 331. Jan Arena, we know, got a big pair of 71. George W. Bush, 58. Howard Dean, 42. Richard Clark, 28. Ted Kennedy, 21. Peter Kennedy didn't make it. Al Gore, 15. Dennis, Cassinant, 14. Al Sharpen has got a dozen. And everybody else single digits. Russ find cool. 8. He'll buy it in the six. He's buying this time. And Jesse Jackson got five. He's alive and he's got five. We don't hear too much about him anymore. No wonder we're in a good mood, you know. Well, maybe he's going to go free some of the hostages. Now let's see. When's the first show I know, the Fahrenheit and 11. Are you know? I don't want to start pushing my luck. We all watch time. The places that are showing it show it like it's part of the regular schedule. If it's a weekday. But like on a moon, something like that. They're about to write. So I guess by Monday, we should have calls up the old and no is right? Right. People have seen it. Mad Dog is coming up nice and find a way. Greg Josh didn't pass this along, but I have my own spies. When he peaked his nose in the studio, he had Barry was on a shoulder. Bye bye.