Guys, we're going to go! The story is coming! You've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2-bit report, now, as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tamife Beker and Mary K. Combine, Rick Sanchez-Ping. The story is coming! The story is coming! The story is coming! The story is coming! Here are the dosive tones of the man who brought you crunch act. Rick Sanchez-Ping. Black with the ratcha! You're going to be a lot of fun! Black with the ratcha! Black with the ratcha! Rick Sanchez-Ping! The story is coming! Rick Sanchez-Ping! Rick Sanchez-Ping! Rick Sanchez-Ping! Rick Sanchez-Ping! Don't miss Rick Sanchez! It is a piece of story of a highly art. It's one show you all one of this incredible art. The story is coming! Rick Sanchez-Ping! The story is coming! Rick Sanchez-Ping! The story is coming! Rick Sanchez-Ping! The story is coming! Rick Sanchez-Ping! He loves me, Ronny! I accept you as a precious gift from God! You know, that's a really tough call. What was the most depressing thing over the weekend and into today? He became a Jean, the dolphin tragedy last night at P.P. Park, returning on your TV this morning and seeing Rickie Tickie Sanchez sitting in the co-anker and seeing him. That bit of for me. I mean, that is just unacceptable. Con acceptable. Anyway, here's the deal. 25 to 11 at 5, 60, WCM, the Humperous Backcation and the Humperous Backcation. He's a little bit of hank as a matter of fact when he first came on. I bet you a lot of people were tuning in to see what he had to say. He said a lot of nice things about the man dog and about me and about even the big and the 80K and everybody else. The family's mutual hump are delighted to stand and stand you back. So you look at that line up today. It looks almost like a real radio station, don't it? Pardon me, don't I? You got mad dog at you, the Humperous 4. And in the Marlins on VX-630, Marlins at the Ascoz, Marlins kind of like folded a little accordion style here toward the impotence of where it goes and in of course 80K at 10. Marlins just didn't want to show up at the dolphin organization. Think that might have been part of it. So how many people do you think actually were there? They bailed? I've got a short list to tell me that there were a whole bunch of people there in the beginning. I didn't see the first quarter of the game last night. I watched the rest of it with great joy and amusement. You tell me that the place was pretty packed in the beginning? Yeah, I was surprised. But as soon as it started coming down, everybody left. As soon as the Lord unleashed that torn because he's pretty peeled with the dolphin organization, probably everybody else is too. Except those of us who aren't dolphins. But it was a pretty grotesque. And one just has to wonder how many more days, how many more hours, how many more minutes before the X-fall is. When you think that somebody's going to have to pay the paper? Yeah, definitely. Either that or maybe we'll bring Danny back for that PR job that he turned down. That might do it. And anyway, here's the pull from Friday and the good thing that Howard finally arrived. It wasn't that kind of strange that he was pretty buffed. Because usually he says, maybe he did that responsibility idea. I really doubt it, but the idea that we don't need him to say goodbye to everybody in the Manhattan and Bronx, but we'll definitely do that. That was amazing. Or maybe it's just that they went out of gas. We ought to get out of gas. Or out of gas. Anyway, we did the pull on Friday and it'll take me the extra minutes that we got back from Stern today to just read the whole result. What's your all-time favorite book of our company, but I'll see the one here, the, or is it? Book of Ryan blows or whatever, the negative hostile, where is that? Or here it is. 65 people said Book of Ryan blows 3.4% of the audience who don't know their crap, but no sense of humor who are just trying to be sour. This vegetable south Florida sourness no matter what you ask, it's always a negative sort of response. That's not too many really. Out of almost 1900 vote. President Dumshamid, 324, that was number one or I guess we'll have to play that shortly. Please, kind of Lisa 292, which we will not be playing that one original on me, we're surely really other time. Sitting out of Bench and Del Rey, 25th Dean. My religion's better than your 161 weapons have asked destruction 108. He bonus graduate 85, how are you getting it right to the 67? Oh by the way, how's mode doing? Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. Oh, no, don't, don't. No more. No more. No more. No more. No more. The institution's song 63, Marty Feldmanized 56, the bonus name game 42. You didn't even think I was going to put that on there. No. They love that, there it is. Father or tool 36, Motemple and Geldy Steven 35, the ginger and moke union 34 won't be your net one again soon. Son of Hussein is a mother 32, the MUS in the summer can even read the titles of the songs. That's how bad things are gotten in your America. The MUSA of 27, the book of song 26, had with buy by Geldy 26, tar baby 23, speaking in tongues 22. I don't think it would be better to talk too much about tongues to ask you a real upset. Geldy 20, hey don't Geldy. How's that hockey season coming? Arms your warrior 14, alien Gonzalez 14, the Virgin Mary's got 13, lucky 13 for the Virgin Mary. Tallahassee 19, 12, we got him 11, locked your back sack nine, the Joen Bosho 8, I don't think I played that, don't I? I don't think so. Screw us again only seven, that's me is an infamy. It is absolutely unacceptable, but they'll maybe they just aren't used to it. Ramadan 6, which starts very soon, what day does Ramadan starts? Come on, let me check my Jewish calendar. Ali on Park 6, Moan, Joe 5, Portful Vains 5, Portful Vainsia, done better than that. There was a masterpiece with your assistant sign at my ass. Not see party 5, secular who has picked 4, see you in the showers for child quality 3. At least everyone of these got least one vote. Don't got to power one, I don't even know what that is. Open your right hand. Right hand. Square Street 1 and Cecil's one at one. Not playing a bit so only got one vote at almost like 2000 votes and not going to play it. That's where your judgment sometimes. Now we do them both in these breaks. Yeah. Yeah. Good. I like the assertive way that John said, yeah. Or not, we can do whatever to how we want, basically, because it's kind of loosey goosey. Remember in the lowest of the countries who have moved to the movies, they used the who are she? She was like the PD of that radio station. Who was that old bag that played that role? Somebody well known. Was it Lauren Bacal? And might have been. Yeah, I think it was Lauren Bacal. And she was described in a jazz format of the show. That's kind of a loosey goosey. That's loosey. Twenty-four, eleven at five, sixty-one. Everybody has safe and sound. Got your electric back from FP and L and yeah, that's all. We pour bastards up there and pump me. Seidel teach you to look up there with Teresa Lefour and those old group balls and cemetery villages. I'm telling you man, the Lord is pissed off but sorry, darling. You better not make the same mistake again. You better not let it be close enough again. You better have a carry wind by about least 10-15 points. That's not to make sure that they can't steal it again. They can't screw us again. Because the Lord, you know what I said? He's got a little bit bad aim but he gives bang and those things back in the aback. Even like I've been brought it all the way back for another go-round. Remember that? I just would have been able to thought it out and he sucked your right back in again. If I can say that. Can I say it? When you shop for quality footwork, great selection and professional service. There's a stroke that people love. It's been around for a coupons age and that's brandy's shoes in Pompano Beach. Even if you don't live near Pompano Beach, it's worth rather than because they've got the unbeatable combination of best selection, the best service, and of course unbeatable prices all the time, including special sales every week. At Grandi's or find the top names in his shoe business, not any off-brands they got only the top names rock-ports floor shine. SES Spirit, Timple and Naturalizer and Lastmore. Brandy's is open every day, Monday's who Saturday from 9-9, the line Sunday's 10-5, and you'll find Brandy's at 12-9 in your federal highway and Pompano Beach this week. It's the right time to buy rock-ports, which is one of the most beloved names in the shoe business. All this wicked Brandy's because all great men's and women's rock-ports style are 20% off this week. So be sure to come to the store or visit online at Brandy's shoes.com. We are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, street show, here is full wind we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show, we are on the street show we are on the street show, we are on the street show, street show, here is full wind it sounds out loud and the street show so much nice sounds, kids looking, like to be being heard, listen to each other and listen to each other,hhh, one shout the sound to each other see him, and how he speaking what other feel he speaking what drives the movie about, random music of music view, we are on the street show, we are on the street show yes, many people hear the crowd and look she speaking, we are open the street show have this street show and really looking each other, they are jazz, we hear and listen to each other This drug is rich yet Please present in the You don't care what is told You got a man by the friend drug This drug No one has to do without a blackout Don't think about it We've got a rave leader here I'll be back with residents I'm a I was the one who went to the weekend and sent them to me In 47 at 5. 60 WKM Shusha Is our BD curtain gel today? Shusha Menagheel Was born March 27, in 62 feet That makes her 41 is the crowflies That's the old crowflies Shusha's born in San Carlosar We are Grand Day, the school Brazil There you are right here There you are, I stopped there to speak Portuguese And all her movies are I'm not gonna try to read them because I'll butcher them Shusha, it was the way That's it Shusha Park, Shusha hits Shusha Lua de Christel In the video Robin Hood Et cetera About 80's in the hotel In a Portuguese, which I don't know my Portuguese from anything There she is behind a BD curtain If you're over the age of 75, if you're running or just curious I'll just take a quick peek Not too long, don't linger because John Ashcrock will poke you with his finger Here's a facts from Mark I'm curious about the four bansters in Florida Man, I'm wondering the first thing I thought I saw this hurricane Gene making that turn again I first spin in and ran out there in the Caribbean I thought to myself And then of course the dolphin game We can land tonight Are we cursed down here? Is that I directed myself on it? Are you cursed down there? Huh? Yeah, we ought to wonder Alien Mark feels a little cursed I guess Because he's hostile He says, here's my hurricane story I need to get gasoline fried in it I was down to a quarter tank with a panicking maniac down here I knew that I wouldn't be there wouldn't be any gas available To track out the area until Tishibog 2008 I'm grabbing around trying to find a station that doesn't have cars backed up 3D When I noticed there's a pump at the Shell Station On the 79th street, causeway It's just after the old WI of the studio There were no cars at the pump that we know Bags covered in the puzzles I drive and realized when nobody was using this pump It was at a regular The only great available was super unloaded So to save eight cents per gallon A dollar in total depending on the size of the tank These Cools We're rolling away for an hour and even longer And he says, I'm believable What's something else for an hour and a meantime I'm in an out in 10 minutes I get out of the Shell Station quickly as well What about your irresponsible cheap Aronic Bands? I hope they all died waiting in line Since there were certainly no hurricane force When to do the job They probably all gone fan Speaking of that Not only would they go O and 16 Not only would they be the worst even And if they'll history and their defense sucks too But the Patriots are going 19 and Oh and Peyton Angle break all of them We know single season records this year So any flex like significance Organizations still has Any loose grasp on glorious history That remains what they gone Comcees and zen Oh what a wonderful world this will be He says getting through another schmitty-dane paradise This is Mark Four Mark and I'm sure he's got a lot of company there too I don't understand if you're going to make the effort to go to the game last And let's see they won't let you take the umbrellas in Is this the still playneck game? Oh I don't know I remember years and years ago That San Diego game But I stayed there the whole game in the pouring rain And finally some clowns of past me Then I'll punch her that I put on And then afterwards They were like a chase after me in the park And I'll take one and it back Was one of those like 89 cents Keep disposable contours Well that's my amy for you Yeah Oh here's a punch off had a big hunch on it I'm not saying but let's get it back after the game I'm able to sell it to the flea market But a bunch of cheap pastures man If you're going to make the effort to go there Why would you leave just a little bit of rain What a bunch of pansies This is all I can say I mean when you got our real team WCW in hello Real Yes sir Great I just wanted to know that Come on can you hear me? I'm sorry The bulk of bit Bill cigars That's not a bulk of bit Oh it's not No that's what my favorite Yeah me too All right the original one that we can't play no more We're good down here we'll find Excellent Nice talking if Ben down the hatches baby Go a dolphin go fish 567 Oh 560 Oh What's in here this is going to get you a little depressed I don't want to start out you have the hurricane and it ball game line started a lot of other things I don't want to be negative to right but oh here's the pool the day Before we get into Jimmy Carter what he has to say about the election upcoming What's the greatest problem the world faces today? That's our pool and I might want to add some of this on here But I think we got some I got some pretty good ones on here Let's see religious and artists is not giving the order we got on there now We got the 27 say religious and artist and the greatest problem out of the first 62 votes George W Bush 21 Overpopulation five AIDS five starvation three global warming one Now some of you would say well starvation and overpopulation that's the same no it's not right all those all of people starving in Africa We could feed him no problem at all do we want to feed him no we'll hear about him We care about them as much as we care about the 1500 plus people who died in Haiti in the hurricane days ago And not at all you want to know if they have been coming they're black oh we can't say that I just did that's we don't care about like people in this world very sad If those people starving to the other in Africa were white you better believe there'd be air be buddy in the world would be singing songs and raising money and going crazy But then nobody gives a flying crack always the trouble we got genocide again And we had to at the cleansing well to better all the end and the starving and we had over 1500 people dying Haiti And everybody kind of said oh ain't that a shame? That was the end of that right yeah, yeah, here's Holding arrangements and Florida do not meet basic international requirements and could undermine the US election former US president Jimacotta says From a plane's Georgia and his brother is still there. I understand that Jimmy goes and visits his brothers grave and tickles every now and then I'll just a<|vi|> kind of like feel at home down there Yeah, keep it warm. He said it repeatedly irregularities of the much disputed 2000 election which gave president Bush the narrowest of hardly the student wins seems likely All my guy can we go through that again? Well, I always asked that question in Florida. We gone through so much crap through it. There's no embarrassment factor anymore. I guess we could Mr. Carter made veteran observer a polls worldwide. I thought I was a veteran observer a polls worldwide Also accused Florida's top election official of bias. Uh-oh Recent opinion polls give Bush a lead a misdemeanor period between 39% says here well again And we're not a photo about those polls. Is they're not pulling the poor people they're not pulling young people They're not pulling a whole by don't don't let that fool you as Michael more points out. We'll get him later on in an article in a Washington Post Mr. Carter Wrote that reforms agreed after the last word in Florida been marked by counting problems had not yet been implemented He accused Florida secretary of state Glendo Hood a Republican of trying to get the name of independent presidential candidate Ralph Native reclude down the ballot which he accomplished by the way knowing that Native will divert divert democratic votes a Fumbling attempt has been they recently to disqualify 22,000 African Americans likely Democrats But only 61 Hispanics like likely Republicans as alleged felons 22,000 African Americans 61 Hispanics That's kind of close right mr. Carter said Florida governor jet fat ass Bush brother of the president had taken no steps to correct these departures from principles of fair and equal treatment Or to prevent them in the future it is unconscionably said is absolutely unconscionable to perpetuate fraudulent or biased electoral practices in any nation yet And with reforms unlikely at this late stage craft the only recourse will be the refocus maximum public scrutiny on suspicious process and Florida So here we go again. Oh my god I'll tell you Thursday to write there in a gables man. We got the bait number one. You're gonna be glued to it. Yes, I will and this is it. This is carries a big best chance See it's an evening close carries should be like 30 points ahead. I would say but again America unfortunately because of the media because of their lack of education because they're Demorther than saw us they're the only people in the world. I don't know you can't see it. It's a matter of fact. I got an article here. What a hell is it Americans are done with them posts? By Ben Roberts. It was on our website. I think I might get to it the later on. All right. We have well, we got a few minutes here today actually Almost I would say like three and a half hours not too bad right right right got the humper back today got the dolphins going to have one hell about ask a Conceasant well, therefore AJ touchy theory man, don't you almost like feel sorry for him Josh? Not really you don't know I would have to sorry for because his offensive line does give any protection He was getting a hammer last night. I mean hammered Well he threw his pressure intercepts all on I'm not my movement you're you're confusing the question I'm not saying that he's good, which he's not I'm just telling him he is going to he's been he's been put out there and we don't see J. Feather no more at all So he's just been shown to the lions as basically what a bull's now. He can't help it that he sucks, you know It'll probably throw feed around there sometime. You know I was expecting that last night when you thought that they like it Especially after you took that one shot when he got blindsided and sank and he didn't see to God coming With three picks in the first quarter. Yeah, I thought he I'd see him at some point You thought you might have seen the adieu of course It was still pretty too close to a young camper A Power over thisきた I'm lying on the hand But dolphins there the worst football seems to have They've fluffed the ball from gold as gold Like the ones ever seen They're on the ground as where they'll stay They're never in control And when you say Miami, you're talking to them It's all just there that Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Miami doll comes number How many jeans and a leech? Very true, Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Don't bet on them, you'll always lose They don't go out at tackle They don't go out at flock Their coaches are the seldom to the Fingame their jacks Then they would run much faster And even in the feats When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami And they're the Miami doll Oh, Miami doll comes Miami doll comes number How many jeans and a leech? A third man, Miami doll comes Miami doll comes That seems that hasn't got a clue Miami has the doll comes But the dolphins have no fence Just 50,000 apples Saving in the stands They watch the game and all they do Is moving quite a bit I wonder how Joe Abbey got the Fiso Babam rich in there The Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Number how many jeans and a leech? Yeah, Miami doll comes Miami doll comes I hear the crowd peek into We hear the crowd peek into The dolphins have big teamwork That's quarter, facet you Oh, run down the field and he will fall Up past over you I'll never win a super bowl You should be free When he gets cut that does If he gets me that he will serve Besides in there the Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Number how many jeans and a leech? Yeah, yeah Miami doll comes Miami doll comes She calls his signals and he brews But dolphins have no defense And their often says that Joe Like George Bush even frets off You know they're gonna choke They'll always disappear You win there in a playoff race Which fewer points than podcasts on My Zingers of Leech Bay There but Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Number how many jeans and a leech? Yeah, yeah Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Miami doll comes Now they're free Oh, oh, oh What do you think that's where about to be met? Playoff race he was singing about It's 11 or three at five 60 WM Wayne you've let your people down Maybe you have really screwed it up For this time the organization I mean you could blame the one said Era we could blame the speel master Or you could blame anybody else but the The buck stops here right at the balls spot Yeah If the fish are rotten into the head If the fish thinks it's their head That's what it's all about I think it said bald head is where the problem is Anybody even doesn't care even George like I said Friday George knew and he Couldn't give a flying craft less about the dolphins he and it fell football and he kind of Spectator sprokes and even he could atoll you right it is going to be brutal baby It's going to be long and ponders and agonizing and embarrassing Come on Wayne what are you waiting for maybe let's start seeing some his role Let's see the fur fly this week when you think Nope, yeah, you would Josh Joshua correct there you want it when you think that something's going to happen this week If not this week some time Who the like they've hide rights another skating column this morning which is fine You can write another good one every week and just rip them and ask but that isn't going to get the job I'm just writing skating column something's got to change something's got a happen baby to wants that era has to come to an end Otherwise it's going to be disaster When that be a shame now with all the important things going on the world with all the starving people in the hurricanes and all the tragedies and grotesque injustices of our times It's comforting to know that your Congress is really acting on the important issues Ready already in a vote with less in your consequences the house of representative sought to assure that God's 50 are placed in the collective allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges That's the one your god The bill approved on a 247 173 vote Thursday would prevent federal courts including these Supreme Court from ruling on whether the words under God should be stricken from the pledge This is the kind of crap that your goody two shoes paddling right wing Bible puppet Ask holes are involved in yeah, we can say that ask that's with a K Okay, we can't okay call up guys with a K ask Aspoles Wow, I got another one how about since most of our much old trolls how about ass trolls All right Nothing wrong with that nope until Joyce calls is only can't say that I'll say whatever I want okay bitch coming up The legislation do strong protests from Democrats who said they want under God to remain of course because that's PC The few of the measure as an unconstitutional attack on a judicial branch They said it was meant mainly to force them into a controversial vote just six weeks before the election I mean you'll want to pick on God next thing you'd be voting in favor of indecency on a radio The bill has virtually no chance of clearing the Senate this year, but the issue was important to conservatives Intent of getting lawmakers on the record on top of social issues such as game marriage and flag boining In a similar vote in July the hospital to I mean how stupid how much of a more on you have to be to get sucked in this It's crap such obvious I mean you have to be you have to be so stupid that I won't even let you shop at Walmart That's stupid or what that's pretty stupid Not only won't they even lie a to a shop and it's a watch series spirit of all this in the audience. That's how stupid he To buy in this world crap all know they're just a good God for info In a similar vote in July the hospital to prevent federal courts from ordering states to recognize same-sex union sanction in other states Support a state judges and not unlike a federal judge. You should have jurisdiction of whether children should use the words under God when they Reside the pledge or back to now there in favor of states rights against you. Let it comes to game right no, but now what it comes to God Oh, yeah, stay true to the right or medicinal pot laws or anything like that right or go down a form you Many federal judges have made no secret their hostility to judicial values in religion the public squares and husbandryly Liated the anxious fascist time delay a Texas said who a lot of e behind bars by the way And you'll disappear in court dismissed on the second county a 2002 federal court decision that the religious reference made the pledge on constitutional a representative taught aching Your public and a Missouri who worked the largest place in before the house Thursday predicted that if the issue returned to the high court all a three justices would support retention of the under God phrase If the court to allow the strike religious reference we will have emasculated the very heart of what America's always been about That's why it could have fooled me I thought America was supposed to be all about pluralism and you can believe or not believe me I ever crappy what or not is the case maybe but don't confuse these Republicans with a man shut up atheist like and never effective You look at the poll results so far take a puke at that man the biggest problem facing the world right now Even a child could take it a correct answer well. It's one of the two out of the first 155 votes religious fanaticism Oh my god 62 George W. Bush 56 which has he tremendous crossover there don't you cross over population 18 pope don't like that on the poll AIDS a starvation six global warming five oh yeah Only five are worried about global warming all those hurricanes You just went through and all the other ones that are coming from the next one they say 10 years 25 years hundred years Get used to it There's no sex thing is global warning. It's just that their liberal county pink or plot Look for the QAM van right now at the Chevron stays in the University of Peters Rose in plantation Right by word that great restaurant. You'll believe you used to be remember that Yep, there's still no no no no no I'm there for a lot of the next of the gateway cinema But there's no more ill Molina while there by me at University in Peters Road But there's a Chevron stage right here. I know exactly where it is just before 595 Stop by to pick up movie passes to catch letter 49 tomorrow at the fountain's eighth theater And yes, they have gas too. How do you like that says on the promo? Yes, they're not out of gas. They got gas and if you grab in there and linger around long enough You're probably smelling Let's see going back to this story here the Democrats had to build a damage a system of judicial review That's gonna fundamental government for 200 freaking years were playing with fire here We're playing with the national unity of this country by letting each state make its own interpretation of Constitutional law said fat representative Gerald Nader and we're kind of in the York you ever see him? Okay, straightforward look like mini mouse this bill is a dramatic assault on the courts and individual rights wrapped in fully patriotism Said the Reverend Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for separation of church and state Democrats had an 1803 Supreme Court, Desinia, which the court asserted its role as the arbiter of what the Constitution says But the Republicans said the Constitution give the high court original jurisdiction only in cases affecting foreign officials are when a state is involved And other Republicans as he contended the court of some congressional regulations In other words, but strangle us a Supreme Court because that we know they're gonna vote away We don't like that ain't gonna suit our purposes. I hear something that might suit your purpose Sex in the city is taken on a whole new meaning for Cynthia Nixon The actress who just won any for a role as Miranda Hobbes and hit HBO comedy is in a relationship with another woman A source of works with Nixon told the A and P on Friday I try to prefer to love laws to the A and P myself The New York Daily News and the New York Post reported Friday that Nixon has been dating woman since January The woman is needed in the public eye or living with Nixon Wonder how can we never heard any more about that major league baseball player that was living with some guy remember that? Nope. Yeah, you do get out of here We will not confirm or deny anything. Nixon's public is carry roster ODP Well, I think when you say we won't confirm or deny that means Right, right My private life is private next until the Daily News, but at the same time I have nothing to hide So what I will say is that I'm very happy The actress we're hunting to Huh, we're happy for her. We're delighted. Well She's the the actress but in June 2003 with the title for her high school sweetheart Danny Moses Who she'd been with for 15 years, but never married and now she's her custody of their two children So she must have on something See what I'm saying yeah, she's not a member of the And speak in a vet what kind of commercial break was that last break that we just had on there? I don't know if you were paying any attention that but there's Tommy doing to his boss back to backside by each the first one talking about savory hand-pulled pork Mm-hmm, and then we go right into a spot about premature ejaculation right one leads to the other If sex in the city were to be believed the revelation would have been more expected from Kim Katrails character Samantha who's many many TV Conquest included one woman Nixon's lawyer character was the cool of the professional debunch all over boss Mr. Carfrey Lesbian the first season said are for the woman was holding a single kiss But more into never doubt me further when ended up married to her bartender boyfriend after two previous nominations Fixing 38 one of any this year for performance on the HP show she's working on Tanner on Tanner Yeah, Tanner on Tanner and that since you guys are in the Tanner building. You're pretty sensitive and concerned about this I Robert Alvin and Gary Trudeau mini series for these some dance channel Tanner on Tanner I'm not touching that one You wouldn't know I sure tell wouldn't I seen it come in a chapter 11 at five Okay WM right now Armstrong for the homestead months to clear their last and sell off all remaining O4 is here to some of the great deals and O4 F-150 pick up you pay just a dollar over invoice new O4 or scores you pay just a buck over invoice Rangers crown vifs toruses and focuses all waiting for you Exist one single pays a one dollar over invoice only the Armstrong for the homestead For some strong ford offers more value to his loyal customers when you buy a Ford from Armstrong for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program you really right tires and batteries for life The value you get Armstrong for doesn't even stop there because right now they continue to give you a free for the Sunpass Would any vehicle you buy there if you're pressed for time Armstrong for those your time is valuable especially with all her came running around and stuff and going on So just give McCall and shot by phone call 305 24751 12 24751 one two and the lady motor that new vehicle right to you Armstrong for the homestead locally owned and operated they'll feature just like family and I guarantee it that you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere No bait no switch no phony deals Armstrong for the homestead at 3075 South fix you highway this 20 easy minutes south of the eight 36 check them out of the web Armstrong cars calm and then you drive a little and save a ton on a new Ford only and Armstrong for the homestead 4th season meal rushers I'm on 2A I'm I do on CBS most every night but now they're striped because of all report I read the other night my name is Dan Rather somebody call me up and took my car he said I've got some burn on bush and I said fine imagine how it's all changed and it's fine because I Dan Rather I don't think that George Bush has done the challenge about his five when he watched me I'll be providing a proof he's coming blind he's in for the shit and for the me no matter if the fact you're there you're the reason if one of us has got a dog he'll be relieved because I Dan Rather somebody has said I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm 1118 is five sixty four Dan you know he said a rough couple of years yes yes 200 Nate votes on a pool and the religious nuts are having a rough time with our crowd and it's good religious finaticism the biggest problem in the world of the eighty six George W. Bush write under religious nuts ass and of course he's a lot of them seventy one he's the spokesman over population twenty seven global warming nine AIDS eight and starvation seven speaker and spokesman I had some real good fortune this weekend yeah well first a bad part the phone rang at about six thirty Friday evening right guess who it was how many guests do I get one come on there you go the rimman who was your course in town yeah that was the bad part okay the good part was I said well you leave an old Sunday morning I said well have a great trip to a safe trip back to Columbus I'm a little bit longer than that but not too much in other words you know I just I'm not interested in buying people meals any more you're saying but what do you say I'm saying bye bye can I say big trip back to Columbus there already back there safe and sound that's good but we're saying good cure a rumor good thing you got away from that panther organization just in the nineteen baby just in the nick of time before the lockout all of a sudden fall to all this why started down mark seventeen two thousand four months of Iraqis broken away USIA storage area and bird over ten thousand pictures of George W. Bush and it's a design to hang in the newly liberated Iraqi schools and government offices a token of appreciation by the Iraqi people to be leader of their liberators to stay from you yeah we got to replace all those like those little men women and children they just got injured and killed in those latest bombings like you know sometimes there's that collateral damage you know right anyway report from a French news agency in the case that British office was put up a salvage the bush picture in their mess and use it as a dark board until senior offices of probably ordered to move it was done dark to the president a shame on them shame on it we can only hope they had good aim here's an article that's on our website so I'd like to let the people rent today about the hurricane and the series of hurricanes and also about the dolphin game last night they have lots of time so I want to sit here reading bedtime stories all three and a. hours but I just want to read like a few progress from one that's a very long story that I wouldn't have wouldn't dare attempt to read this whole thing on here because then I would even go into a coma but it's on a website it's from the UK guardian you won't be reading it in the here or the sunset and the New York Times probably ran those newspapers at a Washington Post even or the Chicago Tribune or the L.A. Times or the Rochester Democrat in chronicle or time's union how or the Detroit Press or News how Bush's grandfather helped Hitler's rise to power from this committee couple paragraphs is an eight page story from the head of our website and you can either you know all that just about to propaganda or you can say a holy craft George Bush's grandfather the late US senator press god bush was a director and sureholder of companies and profited from their involvement with financial backers of Nazi Germany the guardians of tink confirmation from newly discovered files in the US national archives that a firm of which press god bush was director was involved with the financial architect obnoxious him. His business dealings which continued until his company's assets were seized in nineteen forty two one of the trading with the enemy act is led more than sixty years later to a civil action for damages being brought in Germany against the bush family by two former slave laborers at Auschwitz and away home of free election controversy mmmm the evidence is also prompted one former US Nazi war crimes prosecuted argue that the late senator's action should have been grounds for the prosecution for giving aid and comfort to the enemy the debate over press good pushes behavior has been bubbling under the surface for some time there's been a steady internet chatter about the bush Nazi connection much of it in accurate and unfair but the new documents many of which were only declassified last year show that even after murk had entered the war and when there was already significant information about the nazis plans and policies press god bush work for and profited from companies closely involved with the very German businesses and finance Hitler's rise to power it's also been suggested that the money made from these dealings helped to establish the bush family fortune and set up its political dynasty so as like the candidates uh... yeah except they were bootlager to the other but also uh... can't even imagine a lady like you the well they were snappy dressers don't you know that's true but anyway there's a little of these for a from an eight page story that's on our website line how bush's grandfather help Hitler's rise to power from the u.k. guardian how come the american media's ever portnons stuff like this uh... just like for the same reason that cbs smith can that's still a last night and six in the way supposed to run which i had that story for you on friday about how they back out all the political timing would seem you know all they got his egg on their face now because of the day and rather business so rather than run the most important story on here they want to take in crap for the other thing because they uh... because of them documents about bush and national guard and the important story about how we were related to the war based on a finalized and yet will take it a rating in a part of your territory but i would never go on there just absolutely on acceptable the way the media can't get away the car over the right wing are manipulating the they'll have to go step along sounds like something out of not to germany to me mr. bush's and base w qaim hello yeah with a second to the two thousand five draft the dotman's a way that's that's that's not like be no w qaim hello yes sir how are you listen hello yes i found a very session thing of the topic about the religion the one of the big problem billmark rather about very good point he said that maybe in our country are the united state freedom can be number one in our priority in Iraq before freedom before anything else come religion and if you get on the option of having a stop out of the back in power or how he does this is work down the street in many streets still wants a double saying back but you we would ever not here they want to go now you been but absolutely and everything how it's done later a bit uh... somebody of the bush telling the people out of the good side of the hurricane the media modern here he said that on the bright side of the part of the hurricane coming that if you're in the roofing business you will have a business for the next two years i don't know if you don't forget the people in a more to our business probably gonna benefit to us first of the other like in Haiti back as man not our governor baby what do you expect how do these people get away with this it's also the same thing with bush because they say the same fan as governor by the way that had devious plans to work to build the electric on the client's eyes of course not only this they said the bar so low especially for bush bush that i i guess it'll be considered a success during the debate and if you don't swallow it you know you don't get a great right he doesn't swallow his time start drilling all over in chokan on pretzel so we can see a little bit when we got a man anything good like all i'm happy to say about i think that jib bush ought to be a lot more conservative on as size in class size myself our fan asked governor that is your piece of crap but you folks love maybe it's there's something about flowed the just a bunch of massacres we love we they just love me im miserable and make everybody else miserable too don't forget take a whole bunch of poor people and dark people and uh... five people and uh... all these people to vote on election day even after like illegal aliens are whatever jargon about a few times this year first time so we're all my dead kid excellent twenty six past eleven and five sixty-five and you can win this is one of those times after a series of punishing hurricanes they might need some help fast thankfully dollar mattress delivers the same day all across our photo when you call one eight hundred macrosure pick from the deepest and the whine is the most of the thing all available for same delivery call one eight hundred macrosure now for factory direct prices and a major delivery and as always he still get to pick the date and time that two hour window to figure schedule but it's convenient for you and dollar macrosures up on time ninety nine point seven percent of the time dollar macroses right number one customer satisfaction they were winners of the two thousand four better business bureau local torch of excellence award and when you call that number one eight hundred macrosures still choose from the top line of the top names in the business ceiling certain king coil simmons temporary to even students in foster you everybody with a brain is doing it is the easiest piece of shopping you can ever think of okay ripped off and was betting in the department stores always a lot of gas and times left all over time comparison shopping because the best prices the best you all over the line is waiting for you just making one easy call one eight hundred macros check a lot of the way but you're like first at macros dot com and make that call one eight hundred macros one eight hundred m a t t r e s you're listening to me a a bonnet If you never come, still not so, simply so, so okay You're not as you should, guess what, live for a day Maybe I'll be with you, maybe I'll be with you, you per day If you stay, then you must be the same, go to jail You're the same, the clock was full, I thought was off, or a game So, if you never come, still not so, just go to jail You're the girl who feeds you away, shall we hurt you? You say, you're the same, but live on the scene, go to jail You're the same, you're the same, you're the same It's getting a little bit ponded, I would imagine at this point Too bad I've been there this year, this one will do, but that's just a little bit cold Yeah, you're the same, but you're 75, and you know who it is, right? You can get the ass-end of this, you're like we did with Francis today's in ASKY That even get the ass-end, although I wouldn't be surprised if your house blows away after your North Carolina You're with us in spirit, we could feel it, no, I was not Because it's going to make that sharp right turn right over to the Carolinas There must be something that guys pissed off about the Carolinas too In fact, that's probably the song he's singing right now, nothing could be fine at the lower way North Carolina And maybe South Carolina as well, a little more bug bump, even on too bad, maybe Susan Smith as we as after I'm going to read the Dave High column, you know, it's so good, and it's just even though I really don't care about the dolphins, I take great joy in their misery and suffering Because they suck Dave High writes his call last week was skating in good, but this one I think they even outdo that He says, couldn't run again, couldn't pass again, couldn't find the enzyme with a map and a shirt of guide again I'm sorry that dolphins had another knife that made you wonder if they can't beat a mediocre Pittsburgh team that started a rookie quarterback in Spedey Hurricane overnight in the hotel without electricity, but they can't muster when against this team who can they And the teams had a two, I wouldn't go to a game line back exact time, I said after Sunday 13 to three lost It's boring the way we've been playing the fans out of boisterhole time, we had some ugly games, all three games ugly Why would you even pay for a ticket, I wouldn't be sad The good news before the first play last week, 10 of the 11 offensive starters were whistle for a legal procedure before Sunday's first play only one was You detected baby steps of offensive progress Of course after that penalty, dolphins started a stretch of stench where in the first seven plays they had a fumble By tight endarmally who was thought to be benched after two holding penalties last week Two intersections, including one were quarterback AJ Feely was also flagged for crossing the line And another illegal procedure penalty again by new life tackle Damian Mackintosh And now they've scored the few points, 20 through any opening three games of any season And they had a pump locked, recessive Feely, and a fail for a down attempt where they couldn't get two inches to swing the game I mean come on we can't make two inches dolphin coach Dave wants that said that's embarrassing Embarrassing you fail you fall down as you make two inches The dolphins instead just to tell down I don't want to say nothing is going right for the dolphins, but when they look to be getting good field position as a fun lad in your midfield And one Edwards accidentally kicked the ball six yards backward. I love that that was great paid managed through five touchdowns and a half someday The dolphins have thrown two and three games Feely will get an off-foot on him. You may put a bad place completing 13 and 27 passes for 137 yards and had the two interceptions He also didn't get much help at times like I said Josh On his first intersection, Feely threw it up for receiver Chris chambers to outfifth for quarterback i. Taylor chambers didn't even make a play on a ball The first half was bad because of the conditions Feely said you can't throw in that weather rain sun light day The dolphins haven't shown an ability to throw in any kind of weather so far this season They also haven't shown an ability to have any continuity on Sunday the again had three new starters on offense Not that quarterback Sam Madison take it in Feely's face after this game the defense again did its job Madison was beaten for a long first quarter pass then had a holding penalty I sensuated by personal foul that said a Pittsburgh's game cementing touchdown If we're gonna get it turned around this is where it's gonna happen once that said division games They have the New York Fits at home next week forward by the champion we win Patriots not until we favorite those games And then they play it buffalo I think we're improving linebacker more than greenwood said not on the scoreboard None of the wind column not anywhere accounts to make you see who they'll beat and how they'll do it In other words what Dave Highley's try to say and I said this on through the a Friday How the hell are they gonna be anybody maybe if they couldn't beat the bangles a girls team with a rookie girl quarterback maybe might be the stealers Okay, who went no great shakes and also have a girls a rookie quarterback and then what I said Josh? That's what you said did they beat him? It didn't know and no and you're looking at that schedule you think Who is it on here that they might just I mean all in 16? I think we'd obviously and man we are really cursed down there. I mean down here Don't forget look for that QM van right now as I speak it's at the Chevron station on the corner of University and Peter's Road in Plantation Right near where El Malino used to be just a little bit kiddy quarter south over the plant at the fountain shops are Stop by to pick up movie passes to catch by the 49 of aren't they found Zeteer and yes, they have gas at Chevron 560560 it's 20 Monday pound five 60 on the Verizon singular ryls on Jeff when it got better now WM hello Yes sir, good morning. I have a comment and a question question What the Brian is he playing a song ponytail? Yeah, don't do that one What should I put that one on the list for second thing is I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm a stronger gym image can have to correct our day between the football broadcast It must be 10 to 12 15 times a game run clear run out of to run play call run this one that it's always something with Always well get your break deal. I mean, okay. Thanks a lot, by the end the man does says it really started to stick in at booth two with a bag bay rate 5 p.m. We see that any 560560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines Look at those phones baby. We want our busy put their lives back together, right? Yeah, see, listen, what a call. So like I said I got 85,000 bedtime stories because they don't know from the city Huh? Nothing, absolutely zero on the day and it's always this way and the day you think that they would just be forming it to mouth and running off both sides They're invisible. Well, I'll give them get around. What I see they're starting to get around what's the greatest problem with the world today 318 facing the world religious finances mom and 38 crazy people all of all shapes variety sizes George W. Bush on 11 over population 31 global warming 15 AIDS 12 and starvation 11 see it's great that it's only the Muslim fundamentalist those are the Right the dangerous the other religions are good. Thank God that the Christians and the Jews and all the other way they don't kill anybody And if you look through history, thank goodness they've never done it. It's only a bunch of fundamentalists hysterical Muslims schmothheads W 2 a and hello Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. Listen, I got a cabling. I just I just call them. I'm just picking up. Yeah, I'm going to work A couple of points first of all I'm a little bit nervous. Sorry. I was evacuated this weekend and I was at my my sister-in-law's and I had a I had a bootleg of a for an 11 and she was like no because you know whatever the you know the Democrats just could have just made that up And I go listen there's fact little about what my go with calm and there's fact behind everything that he gets How do I get people like that to You know, actually just see even if they've old you know and here's the reason you should what he's doing is put some masking tape But you probably have tape around for the hurricane put some masking tape over them out tire up put it in a broom closet No, remember third that's the safe way to do it. We can't afford to take the chance One more thing Is that saying where there's no sense there's no feeling yes after running the mind why are you voting for Bush smart man I mean I mean I suppose if my man makes a lot of money says well, you know what? I'll let's go with that I Do you like that because he's a boring in Chris horses. Not he says he is yet But he was the Lord that kind of off the Bible. It was the battle between the above the was it did buy the bottle out of my bottle and daddy's heart or something like that What do you till noon if I speak there Michael Lord we got a little piece on him. He's gonna be doing some stuff And look at later Okay Oh I'm looking at a white book in the black book in the black book in the black book in the blue Do they hear us over and over? While meeting us, they're gone, won't we? Why can't you look at a white book in the blue? Or Christian's super-fledged? Do they always have the peace? My family of the truck won't you write up a little white book to know what Christian's super-fledged? Do they always have the peace? Do they always have the peace? Do they always have the peace? Do they always have the peace? Do they always have the peace? I think that was a magnetism. This is what I was live by the way that the big cat was right. Very nice. I think you're on it. I listen to what people hand you in a break. I was going to have to do this live. I'm going to have to do this live. I'm sure it's holding her family like I do. I'll take care of that later on for future efforts. But I find it a fine job there. I go and take you. So it's big and a Michael Moore. Whoever said me the thing about this, I don't pay any attention to this. I don't have that thing on my. I don't check out that website anymore. If I want to read, pick you now. Go to the bookstore. The world's largest bookstore. I will not pay any attention to right-wing paranoid crap. Okay, inspired by right-wing lunatics, finance by right-wing lunatics. So if you want to read all those, there's 80's hidden good websites on it. Look at that. A lot of them. Anyway, Michael Moore launches 60 cities Swing State to work college and NBA Arena's in 20 battleground states to feature live on stage. Oscar Bunnyfield, my group plans to rally non-boters and slackers America's majority. That's to good news. Burn it yesterday. Calling in his slacker uprising tour in an effort to get millions of traditional non-boters to the polls on November 2, the Oscar Bunnyfield maker of Fahrenheit 9. 11, I number one bestselling author Michael Moore announced that he will embark on a 60 city tour to the 20 battleground states that started yesterday in Elkrapids, Michigan, and ending on election day in Tallahassee with a banjo on his knee. More will be appearing on college campuses and there are the terms of reinstating some field houses, Penn State University of Arizona, University of Florida among others, NBA Arena C. Elon Hockey Arena's Toledo. Nearly, that's where the blades play. Case you wondering? Oh yeah. Not the game blades, just the Toledo blades. Nearly all venues will hold between five and 15,000 people with students historically the largest block of non-bots in presidential elections, admitted for free and most events. At some of them, students will pay five bucks for a nominal charge to cover cost and Michael's meals. Moore shows a consistent his monologue in Iraq, with the audience, and a few surprise guests he'll read letters he received from soldiers in Iraq, published in his new book. Will they ever trust us again, letters from the war zone? Offer prices for people are registered to vote and conduct a world's largest karaoke sing-along to John Aschcrofts let the Eagles sore. And many of them use Moore will show as yet unseen clips from his Fahrenheit 9-11 DVD, to be released October 5. And give everybody President Chance to win their own pet goat. It should be a lot of fun said, more most Americans don't vote. It's not all that hard to understand, so what I'd like to offer them is some incentive to give it a try just as once. The 50% were the non-boters are never called by posters and are usually ignored by candidates, to just a few percentage points at 100 million non-boters decide to show up November 2, watch out. Moore said his goal is to see that over 56% of voting public votes in the election, something that hasn't happened since 1968. It's not the wealthy and the elite who don't vote at more than non-boters are the poor, but this in franchise the single moms and young people, I'm calling for a non-boter uprising led by thousands of campus lifers who probably sleep till noon, and who believe that papers are for rolling out reading. They're rightfully cynical, but this year the model will be, Bush and Terry both suck. That's why I'm voting for John Kerry. With the number of venues up. Yeah. With the number of venues already sold out over 600,000 people are expected to show up on his tour, even Moore will see his film for a night 9-11 or to be shown the most campuses before his arrival. And a warm-up to the tour, 10,000 people as they're able to get into the career-dome and Syracuse for Moore's appearance, with thousands more being turned away due to lack of seats. Early word of Moore's tour has already sparked protests by campus Republicans and whose schools have already came to pressure the canceled event. I understand why some Bush supporters might be upset more, but we're flustered. I would be too, if I only had a few weeks left in power. And it's got all the cities that he's been a visit including these in Florida. Gainesville, Miami, Boko Ratoon, Orlando, Fort Lotto de Altana has seen Jacksonville, and Tampa. How do you like that? I like it. You go, Mike. You go, Fedboy. Nova Scotia becomes the sixth Canadian province and a Rateratorate of Los St. Seix-Marriage. After waiting 20 years for the right to get married, Brian and Ron Garnett do set. Oh, sounds like a fraud to me. Wasted little time Friday after Nova Scotia joined a growing list of provinces to recognize St. Seix Union. The two men walked hand in hand to him in a sublawful place to apply for marriage license. This is 90 minutes after a Nova Scotia Supreme Court just as ruled a couple of importers for the last two decades could legally wed. It's time, said Ron Garnett do set 42, Garnett do set. We waited 20 years for it. I knew it was eventually going to come on ecstatic. It's today he said. And August the Garnett do sets were among three couples who asked us as head of Robertson to rule on the contentious issue of St. Seix Union. On Friday, Robertson ruled that definition of marriage in the province for civil purposes will now be the law for union of two persons to excuse the law. She also ruled that the marriages of same-sex couples who went outside over Scotia would be recognized in the province. A couple of pre-gea application wasn't opposed by the federal or Nova Scotia government. Ontario, British Columbia, Quebec, the Yukon and Anna-Tobal also lost same-sex marriages. The trend is fear other provinces need to respect that and stop getting in the way. This one that one, one of some of these queens. Justice Minister Michael Baker said Friday would be a waste of taxpayers money to fight the same-sex challenge and it goes on. There you go. The continued moving would drag in, it leads forward and won't be long before the pop-wheel gets a table before they start dealing with that and smoking it. What are they smoking? Big fat ones. And just where you get that board, where you cross the border, where you make that big mistake and head south. It's like going to the Stone Age again. Not the Stone Age, but the Stone Age back into the dark age. It's just like this business with the FCC and we're finding CBS and we're finding all our radio stations and we're passing more and more bills and San Brown by Saludate. And this is your countryman and just like I told you when they started with this crap long before. Well, it was the first of the last script. When we started with the Gen. Jackson, the Booby trap clamp. Yeah. So I just can't believe that America just sits back and I don't know what it would like like that. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. You only have a few groups to speak out. You got people for the American way in this group and have a little group. And the rest of the public just sit back and just like he says, they're eating their macaroni and cheese and they're eating all their trans fatty acids, which is probably running their brain and they're getting fat or in fat or in dying of oil or clogged arteries. And that's the end of that. Nobody gives a crap. What are the agents of protest and the Republican convention and what are protestors out there? You know, on the Democratic convention and Boston, we had a few, but there's nothing. There's really nothing going on like there used to be. No. And talk about college campuses meant forget about it. It just like all that business about curing about his speaking out against the war and Vietnam when he came back. You know, he should be applauded for that. He should be giving him standing ovation. He should be shrieking from the top of the rooftops about that he had the balls to see well, but not over there near the atrocities that were committed all the way around and to come back and expose it. Took gigantic cones to do it. Oh, no, he can't back. And it really pissed off the veterans who fought so hard. But it's right. Man, and again, because American was nothing about history, the punks you get it. You can't complain about the education in America, presumably speaking especially history there isn't any. You know, that business about kids that know when we're to find their even Florida or the Yorker, I do know you have him can't find New York on a map. And it's supposed to be funny. Is that a news you? Is that funny? It is funny because it's not my kid. It's pathetic. It's not funny. It's tragic. Anyway, you started a little bit to see the people just once you were tough weekend with a hurricane and the dolphin the last night which I think put them over to you. And I'm getting my call back on a shape here as opposed to this. You're looking up a little bit. Hey, one is a few. Yeah, a few. Part sounds. Let's play some of those. What the f***? Let's yuck it up a little bit. Brands with yuck. Yeah, let's play a few. Part sounds too. Not. What's the greatest problem in the world the world faces today? That's a full question. 388. The logistics analysis in 164 George W. Bush 143, who of course presides over the whole largest fanatic group in the US of A. He's the cheerleader. He's the Bible-thumper. Over population 37. How come I told him I got 37? I'm out again. People are too stupid to understand it. But anyway, global warring 15, age 15 and starvation 14. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Two quay. One? I don't know. Yes sir, I'm listening. Okay, listen. One day, I've already decriminalized my alliance or in part of Canada. They even have like licenses and hash bars. No. Thank you. Yes sir. No, it's a question. And the second question is, have you heard of this? The plan is Chicago to decriminalize and start handing out to an $50 ticket for possession under 10 ounces. That's right. Is that true? And do you think made your daily other chance to push that through? No. No, not a chance. No. Not a time and a chance in hell man. Oh, can I move to Chicago? Okay, see you man, cover right? It's beautiful. I, you're like it there. Don't forget that QNP. I keep reading these liners because I don't ever know when they give you a They're all gone. You'll come to win a run. They, right? Otherwise, tell me when it's going. You know that article that you just read about Bush's grandfather helping Right. Right. Someone's trying to send it to us now. 10 pages of it. I just got through a week and the first, I said the whole thing about our website and we did on the website. So why some jackball out there trying to send it to us. You, any of us, our fast paper, you moron, you. You're civilen. Never fails. Anyway, look for that QNN van right now to Sherbrong Staging University in Peer's Roads and Plantation. Stop by the paper. That's just like north of five, 95. And university. You know where it is. Yeah. Stop by to pick up movie passes to cancel out of 49 of Mark, he found Zeypeter. And yes, the good news is the Sherbrong Staging also. Why do you get nursery movie passes? That's enough, baby. You're listening to Neil Rajasthan. Who's it, lady? On the five six eight. We're old, boy. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QAPM. Please, we'll go play with the Fagle Ring. We'll go drive. We'll go play with the Fagle Ring. We'll go play with the Fagle Ring. What is love? They give us the present toy game. How does he do his movie pass? That's rings with a wittle money. Oh, there's love. Who's it, river and his money game? If the jury is only ten, we'll catch way through the wittle money. Oh, no. But a lovely, a better rater. Really not the almighty. You can dance to me now. Yes, that's where it's right back. But it takes a rough show straight. What is love? It's kept going at this holy day. That's the good news of each animal that's ready with a wittle money. Oh, no. It's a wittle money. It's a wittle money. Oh, no. How's your family, river doing, by the way? Just find a wreckage. It'll buffle a boy. I haven't heard from what he and a coup in J. Speaking of opponents, I guess he's one of the last holdouts. Mr. Losten, have that ponytail anymore, did he? No, we got rid of it a long time ago. He walked around our close craft look now. There he go. And Jeff Cohen, who was the source for that song, long since he's been ponytail. I guess that was when he since long since he's got been our good buddy. This day, Joe, just relax. Okay, ponytail. Twelve, one, and five, 60, WQN. That's when he started hanging around with Rimmer. This was a story we had on a website on Friday. It is just, it is so typical and so perfect for what we're talking about today, or what's on our pull anyway. Republicans in mid-Mailin campaign that are sure saying that liberals will ban the Bible. I mean, this is just, how is it possible for there be so many dumb people and so little freaking time, you know? The Republican Party acknowledged on Thursday sending mass mailings to residents of two states, warning that liberals seek to ban the Bible. It said the Manley's report of its effort to mobilize religious voters for person and bush. See, it's not going to get the irony of all of this. Okay. These are the whole year, the now crowd, the people are better than all the rest of us, better than us, even. And what they do is lie a lot. They can't get us into wars based on lies. There are thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent people who are dead and named because of lies. And what's America concerned about? They're concerned about Janet Jackson's booby. The Manley's include images of the Bible labeled banned and of a gay marriage proposal labeled aloud. The Manley to Arkansas residents warns this will be Arkansas, if you don't vote. A similar meaning was sent to West Virginia's. A liberal religious group, the Interfaith Alliance circulated a copy of the Arkansas Manley to report his lies through faith of publicize it. What they're doing is despicable, said Don Parker, a spokesman for the Alliance. They're playing on people's fears and emotions and stupidly as well he left out. In the email message, Christine Iverson H. Booksman for the Republican National Committee confirmed that the party had sent the mailings. I'm going to read that sentence again. Would? In an email message, Christine Iverson H. Booksman for the Republican National Committee confirmed that the party had sent the mailings. These are the Manley saying that if they like John Kerry and then the liberals that they're going to do everything they can to ban the Bible. When the Massachusetts Supreme Court sanctions same says marriage and people of the state's realize they could be compelled to recognize those laws, same says marriage became an issue in his Iverson said. The same activist judges also want to remove the words under God from the pledge of allegiance. I wonder is that happy to be banning the Bible? But nevertheless, the meaning is the latest evidence of the emphasis Republicans are putting on motivating conservative Christian voters to fall vote this fall, but as the appeals become publicly also risk-alienating moderate and swing voters and editorial in September 22nd on the Charleston, Gazette West Virginia, for example, asked, Pauli Moly, who can cost this year, Bush? I love that, holy moly. Take the gun. Leave the Kamoli. There's a dear the way around. Most Americans see morality more complexly, the editorial said. Many think a higher morality is found in Christ's command to help the need. He prevented war and pursue other humanitarian goals. Church gores of this sort aren't likely to believe childish allegations that Democrats want to stand a Bible. In a statement, Senator John Edwards said, President Bush would condemn the practice immediately and tell everyone associated with the campaign and never used tactics like this again. He'll be like he was in tactics of dictating the saying that if John Kerry wins, the terrorist started to like it, we're definitely going to give him again. Next, former executive director of the National Game Lesbian Task Force, by name called the meetings in only contrast to Mr. Bush's public statements, although the president's call for a constitution amendment banning same-sex marriage, he often emphasized the need for tolerance as well, because that plays better, of course, in Pioria. The president takes more or less the high roadness, hence, than the allies on the right of in-let loose to conduct these ugly device of smear campaigns, Mr. Foreman said, it's wedge politics at its worst. In any event, the Bush campaign appears competent about its religious appeal. The mailing seeks to appeal to conservative evangelical Protestant pastors and political leaders who said they worried that legal rights for same-sex couples could lead the hate crime laws that could be applied against sermons of Bible passages criticizing homosexuality. You talk about a strong reach, baby. You talk about our real stretch. Conservant of Christian political commentators often said, the case of a creene, a minister in Sweden who was jailed in June for month of sermon denouncing Gays as simple. Mr. Parker of the Interfaith Alliance said, I think it is laughable to think that someone could be arrested for reading out loud from the Bible. Richard Lan, president of ethics and religious liberty commission will be seven Baptist convention argue. We have the first amendment in this country which it predictures. But there is no question that this is where some people want to go that reading from the Bible could be hate speech. Still, Mr. Lan questioned that the assertion that a class might ban the whole Bible. I wouldn't say it. He said, I think it's probably stretching it a bit far, even Mr. Lan, we see in that. They're stretching it over here as what he's saying. A little bit too far, okay? And if they stretch it too freaking far, it just might snap. Okay? Yeah. Crap. You're dealing with crazy people. I haven't tried to tell you for a hundred years on this program. The more religious they are, the crazier they are. The more religious they are. The more dangerous they are. 560, 560, pound 560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. What are we going to do about those dolphins? Now, the WQA, WQA in hello. Let's go to open park on a mobile, hello. Yeah, I like to address this gay marriage today. Yeah, sounds like grabbing Jones. Go ahead. I like to address this gay marriage. Yeah, it is. 560, 560, pound 560, otherwise than Singular Wireless Line. I thought AJ doing was okay back in the day. How much AJ still even though who the hell I was? I do. Do you remember AJ doing? I do. Was that 82? A doey. Well, I mean, I don't really want to figure marriage. Josh Curtis is I do it. I guess he was like buffaloes in the room. WQA in hello. QAM. Oh, no. Yes sir. They were saying dinosaurs were in the Bible on Christian TV yesterday. They said they opened the Bible. Because they see in the Bible they have Lefias and the Heimus. It's a Christian theology. Yeah. And Tom Delay is on record 10 years, 10,000 years old. You know, if a Democrat went to a fire public position, bring this stuff up. You know, they can talk about this. Oh yeah, the bring this stuff up. Start knocking religion man. You hold your breath. I'll let you know when I say I'll be okay. Right. Bring this stuff up. Brother, you've got to be smitten me. You're not a Democratic party. A scaredy cats. Wow. Terrify. Just like the thing about not being able to play fart sounds on a radio. You can't say this word. We saw that tremendous support that for free speech from the Democratic party. You did not. Not. What a freaking joke. You know, that that's one of the most compelling scenes in a whole movie in Furnit 911. I'm ready. Have the Black congressional caucus getting up there right after all that election flag and after the Supreme decided that Bush was the president and stopped the count. And they're begging anybody just one senator please, pretty please sign this up for us to prevent the Congress from rubber stamping the vlogous of resulted ed election. Not one. Not Al Gore who was standing up there himself getting very impatient because I haven't had somebody either paid him off or made him an awkward couldn't refuse. Maybe they found a relative from overseas somewhere with a barray. Not Ted Kennedy, not John Kerry, not John Edward, not anybody nobody, not John McCain who passes himself off as a superhero self-warchers of peace of crap with a bad cheek. Nobody. Just keep watching that don't forget October 5th is the 1, 20, 7, 28, 27. Okay. I want to say that October 5th at EBD comes up for an high 911 so you can buy several copies and force your friends just to put the toothpicks in their eyes. And time up in a chair and force under watch it over and over again until maybe some of the pin plates there's six skull where they're brain used to be. WQA and hello. Neil? Yes sir. Hey, how you doing man? All right. A lot of time listener for a time caller. All right. Listen on. On the door or deal with the dolphins. I know what it is. Okay. I know that's come on. Let's get a little bit through. He hasn't gone there for the first time. The record is what the thing is. Right. All right. 16 records. Right. That's not fair. I just have a legacy of having two perfect seasons and the franchise record it will be great. Unbelievable man. I don't believe this man. The available. Well, I'm a big, what is when you're waiting for you think is he just totally lost it is he just given up? I have no idea man. I have no idea that they just, I really think they need to get rid of all. Once that's that's the biggest issue. I think we need to be able to come on here and report that the one-state area is cold. I'm losing you. I'm losing you. Okay. Good luck at Palin. I have a great life. Get out here. It's got a crappy cell phone. Good guy though. First call. But that's a good start. We're getting some good calls here today. We don't want to overdo it though because we take too many. Let it get Reverend Jones back again. Some of the other misfits. How is that pull coming? The worst problem that the world faces today. And leave it to the studio to have their thumb on a man. We're ligious. The net is in the 190. And again, I mean, they didn't talk about that. And we're talking about a small group of religious fanatics in 9-11. And right, a small group of religious fanatics. All over the world there are millions and millions of religious fanatics. It had been since the beginning of recorded time. And they've been killing each other. And just like in the Middle East, well, here's another bomb in Jerusalem. And another assassination in Damascus. And I just never going to stop. Never going to end. If you woke up tomorrow, all of a ligious would be gone. We could take care of important things, like straightened-in-the-dolphin problems. All right? Give me an H.O.L. Lakab worked out. Important thing, right? Wouldn't be any starvation. There wouldn't be any ethnic cleansing. There wouldn't be all of this hate. There wouldn't be all these stupid ass arguments about same-sex. Marri, who the hell gives a crap? What's it to you? And about banning the Bible, which Bible, who's Bible? Who the hell is the lunatic that wrote that crap, that nonsense? If anybody out there thinks that the Democrats are going to stand up and start speaking out against that man, you have to run Democratic Party, baby. The Democratic, one thing to add to Democrats, they don't need to have a group power party. You want to know why Chris Carrepractice work on your spine and they don't have any. Spinalis is a jellyfish. Anyway, don't get me worked up again now. All right, come down. In 1999, say Religious Penetence is about a 4.62, George W. Bush 163 and most of the world would agree with that, they'd say absolutely correct. Overpopulation 48, global warming 20, starvation 16 and aids 16, out of 4.62. Your anti-morgive, makers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're first time home buyer or refinancing and taking cash out, they're your best choice. Your anti-morgive, makers are committed to excellent customer service. It's not only their promise, it's their grott and tea. On today at 800, 734, 66, 16. And guarantee mortgage bankers, their goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers. They did just that with a couple of moved down from New Jersey, head and started a new job yet, but found a house they loved. The couple have lived in town for more than a week, have little money to put down, along the close in 10 days. guarantee mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close on time and they were able to give them 95% financing an unbelievable, unbelievable, right of 5.95%. The president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the Great State, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president, of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United American and the son of the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United States, the president of the United Christ's errone is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fortfall. And Christ's errone cooks up perfect every time. As you sure. Mmm, you can't have some more Christ's father? Christ's errone, baby. Amen to that. Christ's errone, the trans of St. Yation Tree. Oh my God. Paul B. T. All of the boys he's all the time and Ben Roberts writes it in for the article, Americans are�dummer than posts. Yeah, right away. I'm a sin that for a long time. Oh God. Oh God. But you know those brits. In the international war forage, you might be led to believe that it was a citizen from one of the many nations to displeased with America or one of its long-standing tractors that are out of these words. You know like maybe a friend citizen on the European continent upset with our reckless unilateralism. Possibly an Iranian, Syrian or Palestinian citizen in the Middle East, is stroubered with our over our over-the-hand of this impartiality. Or maybe North Korean citizen in Asia reacting to our linguistic threats. Thanks so. Then think again. The setting was a checkout line at my local grocery store. Behind me in the line was a mid-lates fairly well dressed white male. He appeared to be a decent and outstanding citizen. He was an American. Our eyes were both erected at the headline of one of those incredible news magazines that during the checkout stand begging for our attention. You know the ones with headlines like Bush abducted by aliens. And Theresa Heinz carries sling by aliens with ketchup. Really the latter was an actual headline one of those papers. This particular one complete with photos of Bush and Kerry's screen. November elections cancelled. The man rolled his eyes and looked at me as if to say, God give me strength. And quite a him as to why he thought he actually read such drivol. He hears his full response. We be surprised we have so many ignorant citizens as country Americans are done with in posts. You know I'd like to job a being a writer for a newspaper like this. I could get to use my imagination to convince them of anything. I smiled conspiratorally. Pay the casheur as I grabbed my bags and headed for the door shattering on my way out. What's with the shattering you asked? Okay, I give. Here's my confession. I experienced a sinking feeling when the man said that Americans were done with the post because my mind immediately went to the upcoming November elections. Our reason that if Americans were done with the post is this man assured me, and were charged with making the most crucial electoral choice in decades is to wish to rush their country in the world as headed, then we will certainly have made your problems on our hands. Hence we must wrestle with the question as to whether or not Americans are done with in posts. Let's take a look at George W. Bush, the man who occupies the White House, and wants us to extend his lease come November. As he think Americans are done with in posts, but we often heard said that Bush is an embarrassing dumb-a-fool who is not very smart. And what does that make us, if this man, was able to convince or concess into putting him into office to oversee our affairs? Because let's face it, the 2000 presidential vote had this nation roughly even as full of his words, this same man, according to polls, had 75% of Americans believe he met a wreck at his leader who was responsible for our September 11 disaster, though there was no evidence to support this. This man, dragged us into war by telling us that such action was needed as squelched terrorism, removed what turned out to be non-existent doomed they weapons and managed to structure from that could annihilate us, and guarantee that peace would break out in the Middle East. No such thing has happened. This man, salute of us and declared mission accomplished in the aftermath of this assurance more than a thousand souls, produced from this line, had departed in the battleground of Iraq, and we can only guess at the number lost from that country. This man told us that he's a great commander when chief of service company Patriotically is a guardman while claiming that his opponents unsuited for that role. This is not the standing the fact that he's unable to show that he served, and our witnesses insist that never having seen him, while his opponent led his fellow Americans in battle sob and die and saved him from the jaws of death in a hellish war far from home. Now that same man is telling us that he's done a good job of making our lives better, leading this country in the last four years and we'll do an even better job of we reinstall him. Our Americans never then posts and if not is the reason for George W. Bush to think so, I'm really wrestling with this one but I think we have a win, right? It is. Americans are not covered in post of sometimes the Russians can leave us to wander, as the recent Democratic Convention bossed in the were four protestors arrested while the Republican Convention in New York there were an excessive 1800 arrest for protest. In O.A. can this mean that Democratic supporters are more radical in Republicans, Americans are smart onto something and no one that being sold snake oil. Americans are not covered in post when our court stop pushing his crew in their tracks and disallow them from holding Americans in definitely and in to be the caught on under the guise of national security and will at this national law 4010 East A. legal representation. Both decisions hallmarks on which this nation's constitution stands. Americans are not covered in post because the last time Bush was included their song in Dance of Raising the Terror Alert and holding a press conference to warn us of die-bolicletarist on the loose and out-to-do as publicly harmed, John Q. Public gave a collective yaw and didn't buy it. There's one more thing Americans need to do improving their not-other than post. Come November the end of this elector real president. Stay like that. It's wise if you do vote for George W. Bush again and if he does steal it or get in by Hooker Cook again, then it will prove conclusively that Americans are a double the post. Then a boxer rocks his the mad dog would say. Dominant sawdust. See you, let me get all worked up again. Oh, go for it. 560560 never run a Monday, pound 560 and he Verizon in Sinket or wireless lives mad dog and two the hampers back. Can't goberg. Clap the kilowatts. Clap the kilowatts. Clap the kilowatts. We're kissing the radio. 40630 Marlon's on deck at 630. The Marlon's at the expose. It's soon to be the thunk franchise over the Washington DC. 705 and I. It'd be key follows the baseball game. Kind of a mean with the skin, but nevertheless. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing great? I wanted to call you because I work for a small flash newspaper. And not a week. They called me from the National Rights to Life Committee. And they asked us for the right card and this and that. You know, and I drew some. I think that's over the impact. And today I get like a like a five page with an half-five page. Like a five-pound package from UPS. And it's a long carry on abortion. You know, the man's in the ratings, you know, that he's against abortion. And then I call him up and then I call him or not just fit to the person who was in charge, you know. If I knew she's in a meeting and then I. I after well, what what does. What you said me say. Well, that junk carries against. Before abortion. And then I said, you know, getting her off guard. I after well, that it's really good that Bush is against abortion. But once the baby's out of the feed of what the feed of this born, they don't carry more. You know, they could send 18 and 21 year olds to get slaughtered in a foreign country and a war. Called human sacrifice. Exactly. I think. Well, we're with a National Rights Life Committee. And you ever have any questions you could call us and. Six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six. You know what I'm saying? My question is, two funds. The National. You know what I'm saying? You know, because there's no need. If you would see this, you know, be like, you know, sacrifice, you know, like, you know, like, you know, I'm still like. How would he family has to get you with? Well, this is how you know that. What you're doing, you know, okay? Good luck, you're pal. I'm finally. You know what they're doing? I know what they're doing. The fetus hugger is baby. The fetus hugger is we don't want that stem cell. Research is no such thing as global warming. But we love that fetus baby. We don't care how many people are starving. How many people just died in the. We don't care how many people are starving. Death and dying every day in Africa. We don't really care about it in the cleansing. But we love the unborn fetus. Hey, here. I like our station. I like our race between the Pope and the born again. Christians man is to see who can be the craziest and who can make the most online. Babies. I just have Josh. We don't care how many people are starving as long as they feed us. Yeah. Who's being you? McDonald's. You know, I guess you were watching Dr. Poop. This morning on CNN. You can't say that. I'm so sure your buddy Ricky Tickie Sanchez. When we're talking about trans fatty acids and when we're. Yeah. Scorating. Mugget. For the lies that they made about the promises they made about cutting down the trans fatty acids. They're going to stop frying and all that deep all saturated oil. Because trans fatty acids will look. Oh, I caught your arteries and let it. So what do you eat deep that fried fries? Oh, are you an fries man? I hope we're dealing with this. That brown sauce. Or maybe at least make some of that mayonnaise. Oh, not sure all they got that brown sauce. Then they got that sweet meat. You may laugh. I'm going to tell you one thing. Even though the people there are grotesque all the way. I've been pretty good. But they're grotesque and bizarre and the frogs. They speak frog. Namely what a place we're eating. The food in Montreal is a spectacular. So yeah, I'll put it on your right to the right for your world tour. So you'll see a new ruggish. It's a good place. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. I'm going to keep eating them. It's impossible to understand what's going on. We're not considering the broader political picture. Orlando was slapped back in the middle of the so-called I-4 corridor. The line of Florida City is running along the state's I-way four from Daytona Beach on the Atlantic coast to Tampa on the Gulf of Mexico. The I-4 corridor is regarded as the hinge and which the outcome of the presidential election in Florida will swing and Orlando with surrounding Orange County is considered the corridor as well by the city. So this is the key swing city in the key swing region, the key swing state that will determine whether or not George W. Bush wins another four years in a White House. Little wonder, persons are getting heated, given the unholy electoral mens Florida produced in 2000 and giving the state's sort of history of voter fraud and systematic disenfranchised them, especially of black voters, both parties find themselves voicing the suspicion that the other side will try to steal Florida if only being to figure out how. It's a blood sports stage where we can promenade Orlando lawyer represents both military Thomas and the firefighters. It goes on for pages like five six pages it will be on our website. Politics and sleaze in Beloporlando. By Andrew Gumbled in the Pentecost. How unusual huh? The city is called the New Darkies Home on Election Day and I say fight back just grab office streets drag them, drag 10, 15, 20, 100 dark folks and make them vote on Election Day. Right? Right. Or else. Do you realize the election is five weeks from tomorrow? Mm-hmm. And that kind of a scary rhymes with. The last candidate to baton course is Thursday night in Pearl Gables. You got to first of the big debates and they all keep saying this is the one. This is the one that really counts. This is the big one. That's what they keep saying. Yeah, they do. Well, at least that's what they say. And of course, isn't there a proper that's in a great fashion of higher learning and political hotbed moral tables. In fact, I think that big a time between now and Thursday got three days to be driving up and down to see how I see if you can find you on campus. The last candidate to debate John, I think it's over to buy that pizza place. The, what is it again? Who knows? The big cheese. Yeah. The last candidate to debate John Kerry lost an epic race to the Massachusetts at Senate of 1996, which like William World Wandering about the what ifs of political history. When I called Senator Kerry on election, I think congratulate him. The first thing I said was John, I may have just made you present, it will be called. I always thought whoever one and race would run for president. When George W. Bush, the underdog candidate pretenses Governor of 1994, debate of the incumbent Charp tongue and Richards, many Democrats admit they had to rest about the GOP challenger. They did it again when Bush took out an alcor and a presidential debates in 2000. I think Bush destroyed Richards and George Leicoff, a linguist at the University of California who has studied the president's debates, he could play Bubba. He also knew his stuff he turned every issue to his advantage. Examining the performances of Bush and Kerry in previous debates, offers clues on how they'll perform in their first big showdown, Thursday night in oral gables. After all, if well then Richards had prevailed voters probably wouldn't be facing a choice of Kerry or Bush. And that wouldn't be all bad. Each campaign is now playing the low expectations game portraying its opponent is a great debateor and lowering the bar for its candidate. Kerry recently said Bush had never lost a debate. Republicans put out the chair was a champion debateor at Yale and Bush strategists Matthew Dowd called Kerry probably the best debateor ever to run for president better than Cicero, the Roman Order. I thought maybe talking about Cicero Illinois, almost four spends park, he would be in a Cicero? No. Oh, there are a lot of black folks there, I sure hope they all vote. In the low expectations game, he wouldn't just by showing up and not drooling down our Brazil course candidate and then during 2000's hit. It's right. Oh, and no seriously, it's like when Reagan debated against Montvale, I forget which debate it was the first of the second. But the deal was as long as you could stand up and didn't fall down, Reagan won the debate. And he stood up. Anyway, Donna Brazil says you just went by showing up and not drooling, Bush looked presidential in the 2000's, so we got the big benefit of a doubt. Both Kerry and Bush have strong track records as the debateors, Bush's better known to voters so Kerry may be the surprise this time around, said Barbara Kellerman, a Harvard professor who's written about leadership skills. Well, does the expert on Kerry's debating abilities in 1996 they held eight debates during the campaign that became a political classic? Well, they copied our ticket as governor trying to knock off Kerry the incumbent senator. John Kerry is a master of substance, well said he's not at all wouldn't debate. He's like very rabbit and a briar patch. He regularly goes for the jugular. He's very, very quick. Look at how remiss feels about that. Well, recall the key moment when he fights court and major put against Kerry for the Democrats' opposition to the death penalty. Well, name the mother of a policeman filled on duty. S. Howard Sunslight can be worthless in the killers. Don't let your wee about killing. I know something about killing Kerry shot back with lobbyist reference to his Vietnam combat experience. He said the killer was scum who should be locked up forever. Kerry is a master of the fine-out of changing the subject, well said by the time he finished everyone had forgotten what the question was. Well said he had to watch the takes of debates later to realize just how well prepared Kerry was. Fairferation is also a plus for Bush's surprise many observers of this performance against Richards of former colors debateor in their 1994 encounter. He was articulate. He made no major mistakes. Abu Ghara, and he stuck to a few points in hammered and over and over said Murray Beth Rogers was Richards campaigned sure, and he still does that today. Lake Hoffers studied Bush's speaking stock included. He's a formidable debate, and understands the structure of debates and how to turn things to his advantage. He also communicates and connects with people emotionally. Lake Hoff and Kellerman said success in the Maces all about conveying trust in making emotional connections, and not laying out a 4 point program for every issue. And Bush knows that they said. Norman pointed out a couple of weaknesses is each candidate needs to work on. Kerry needs to be more accessible approachable, less gore like she said referring to Gores lecturing style in the 2000 debates. It carries her writing in the audience so more than a series. She ended the Kerry's recent speeches on a rack of head of sharper focus and more persuasive than previous efforts. Bush said has to reassure voters that he's up to the task of handling a rack and other problems in a resolute way, and that's a strike as long as it's done across the two rigid. He used the Republican convention to scare people. Norman said, his task may now be the opposite to covering reassure people that he won't get us in a trouble. Unlike Fredo, he's not down these smart abugar red-bride. Robert Rontis morning to meet him. And he's also on the slide to fight. He's waiting here. Neil. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Tony's Unrequered Defining, you American Infidel, who by latest best events collection. You know my home, it is right. I'm taking a deep heart of your body. More, got a machete with the wheelchair plane. I wish that American masters will permit those in their range. I was only shooting the strategy. I was also there, late, and suddenly the change. There matters that I can burn. And where's I on my head? I don't want to. I'm in followed by an S-16, but to they won't listen. How many of you purchased those not-go-to-fun stairs? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb, that's your fault. You wouldn't have been a firewood, you signed X-yam and a rat. If you want, A-D-Tain. I know that there's variation on a classic one. I asked myself every day, which Americans should pay? Tell me who the new home is saying. Don't you understand? You're probably not coming to the neck of a woman. She lifted their limits for the sense. So fine, you'll catch even collections with them from 1995. Or you can pay with me some nice of a card or weapons of musties around you. Should we find Osama? No. We find Willow all-mar? No. How's the car we always have there are going to know? But we got cats even. I'm glad. It's not doing it. The real culprit. Now I'll just say this. A lot of people are very depressed because we had all these hurricanes just one day. After another side by each and just all of this crap and non-stop. It's not ever seen this stuff. Dolphins just sucked a bit when they were in embarrassment. They're humiliating. But I'm not a little bit of good news on a Monday. No, no. See? How do you know? No, no. There you go. Something's looking at the bright side. We got the Humphorist for today. No, I'm only going to have to know them. And I'm sure there are a lot of people who please this bunch about that. Don't forget that QM van is waiting on you. I think they still are Mr. Weir. No, they're gone. They're gone? Good thing you asked. Well, there you go. But they do still have gas though with the Asherman State's Evel. You won't see the QM van though if you want to get some. Is there a problem getting gas today or am I a dreamman? Nothing. I know what. Maybe you know what we think of as those crazy things. The gas stations sell out because all the panic people start Friday and Saturday morning. And they run around. They top off their tank even if they're not going to be going anywhere. Which is a little bit a little bit. I can understand though. I understand why people go panic. It's a bit too scary for them. And of course the CNN audience is going to start panic. You know the bigger. What he thinks he's saying is on there. Filming in for Miss Hummer on speaking on Miss. Oh my god. Wolf Let's create a K.A. Rudolph Hess. Was just interviewing representative Mark Foley of West Palm Beach. Republican of West Palm. I had never seen her speak before Miss Foley. But. Who are you kids? We are. What a screamer. Man. I just mentioned it in passing. 5.670560. Verizon and Singular. Wireless lines come out. Come out. All you closet Republicans. You man. I'm Charlie Crystal. W.D.Q.A. And hello. I know you're going to fight on. We can probably stay in George. You okay. He's he's up. He's what? What happened to him? He's gone. W.Q.A. and hello. They know how are you. Okay. You know how like when you see someone on TV and then when you see them in person. How different it is. Yeah. We're going to go to the front day of here today. What. Last night we went with the family to uh. The L house for some dinner. And uh. Your friend the fat club. Hank Goldberg was there. Okay. Good. 5.670560. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. We're. You know. Yeah. He's. Yeah. We're. And you know. No. He's. Yeah. Well. Yeah. I. Yeah. I. Yeah. All right. Uh. Let's. And what happened to station here? What if I'm stationy talking about? You know, power 96. You know, you know, lady needs help. She's got no life and she's just, you know, looking for some population. Now we're not helping those people. What were you going to bring your flash light? Oh, well, you know, the, of no, there's a task to know that people are helping each other up there. You know, if you could all run or whatever. All right. I guess you called her on station. She did. That'll teacher. That'll teacher. To be doing that again. I guess maybe that's too slow. It'll power 96. They just don't give a flying craft. How do you like that? But their ratings are dragging. Right. With all the respect what would they have been in a position to do. Center of flying flight. I see. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Maybe send a kid to ring up there with a fly. Flying, kind of look around. Maybe see. So could it go not to go to fly. So take a look. Yeah. 17 QM hello. All right. 17 QM hello. Could have done up to where the fly is flying. Take a look. 2A in. That's the path. That's. Going once. Going. Shoulder American. 17 QM hello. Wayne. He's high of thing up. 17 QM hello. Why do they think that the dolphins are getting what they deserve? I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Great. I have a question about when you're finished. That butterfly gets your wind or that choice. I don't know. But I haven't played in a long time. I want to play. If you wouldn't have done a high probability. I would have played it coming next week. But you know something else that we know who that is. We'll do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. On a Verizon singular. Wireless line is the singularly any other. Spass holes. You see if we get some different spass holes that would be more fun. Yeah. Yeah. That would be. But we got the same. Right. Tired. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I think that if we want to set the fire. I think we should get it from the other John Greedon. Or maybe the rod and other co. Okay. That's great. Okay. Ben Laden. Helped. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. An Verizon elections in 67 counties. Can't handle the problem. John, her a man, all man would a pretty silly queen. WQA and hello. Daniel. Yes sir. I don't know if you happen to see me to process today with you. I'm doing a line. A general abyssey just lying through his teeth. Right. About how great things are. And of course, as they all do blaming the press, it's all therefore. What's going on over there in the images that are showing. Yeah. I love their John Kerry and Joe Lockhart. Not stuck up to I had our O'awy and talk about what he's saying. He's what a stooge. Yeah. I know you saw a bushes hand underneath his. I guess when you do the speech. I'll control him. He has handed his pants right. Anyway, I love a bit. Neal especially the pony feel bit. All right. Yeah. I'm a great day pal. Yeah. Com. Okay. Carl Heisen writes you know him. I do in the Harold no less. You know that. Well, I apologize for that. Later, face Coucher role in Bush reelection plan. It's interesting that I can read some of these great stories that seem so intellectual and so important and so meaningful. Because I know that 99 percent of the audience isn't going to go to our website or any other website or any newspaper and we didn't even. And maybe like 10 people out there might actually be influenced by it. And then of course we've just for some of those great calls like. And of course our all time favorite. Hi, pal. That one. I'll overheat all this in anymore. He Carl Heisen writes, Glenn the hood is sleeping easier these days. Now they're Ralph Nader is back on the floor to ballot. Still it was a close call for the ex Orlando mayor in the Republican Starward was handpicked by Governor Jim Bush to succeed. Katherine Harris and Secretary of State overseer of elections. Harris, please, Leo B. Insticker, why for former through me 2000 vote debacle has been a tough act to follow. But hood shows promise. First can the infamous purge of films from Florida's voting rules. The list of vanquished conveniently filled will include thousands of Hispanics and tentative Republicans. The scheme was hurriedly scrapped after African American groups and others put it out the rather glaring bias. The Nader maneuver turned out sweeter for hood although for a few days that appeared that she was in danger of letting the team down. Nader rescued Bush for years ago and he's back again completing his bizarre descent from iconic consumer crusader to Petrel and Eagle Eddle spoiler. He won't win more than 3% nationally but that's all the buffer that the GOP may need. Leon County Circuit Judge Kevin Davy head ordered Nader, removed from the ballot saying that the reform party was nominated and failed to meet the statutory requirements for legitimate third party. Initially, hood told election supervisors to prepare outgoing FCND ballads without Nader's name. Leadership he versus of an answer would challenge the judges ruling. Look at only imagine the frosty phone call that impel the hood and change your position. Yes, Mr. Row, right away Mr. Row served for the mixed up Mr. Row. Putting Nader on a ballot near East Wind State has been a crucial part of the President's reelection strategy, no place that was more important than Florida on the pressure on hood was a Bush Taney elector in 2000 must have been enormous. Bush wouldn't be in the White House today, where it not for Nader wants to hear all of the left for Republicans had said delicious irony. Four years ago, Nader received 97,000 form in 88 votes in Florida as it pulling showed that about two thirds of those voters who opened while the candidates would have picked out Gore if Nader hadn't been running. As everyone knows, Gore lost his state in the White House by a party in how he disputed 537 votes. It's no wonder that Nader publicly, leadership has been pumping money in Nader's Wees in Canada to see bankrolling his ballot efforts around the country. While the new poll show is that Nader won't be as large a factor in this year's race, the President's team isn't taking any chances. Here in Florida, lawyers with long-time GOP can expect him to have been leading the battle to keep rambling Ralph on the printed ballot, Democrats have deployed their own high price to turn east to get him off. Under state law, in the minority party candidate qualifies by collecting 90,000 signatures, or by receiving the nomination of a national party, what's left of the reform party in Florida could fit on the back of a mini-cooper, a party back account, recently showed a war chest of 18.8, 18 dollars in 18 cents. Nader was nominated by conference call in college kids were hastily recruited for a pretend convention, and the judge wasn't pleased when a hood basically overruled him. She called first grade elections officials to include made a once again on the FCM, depending on who the judicial hearing. When a Florida Supreme Court abruptly stepped in, it must have sent chills on hoods fine, four years ago that court rebuffed you, a hoods to block a weak count of presidential election, saying the Bush can't scrambling to the US Supreme Court for salvation. This time, though the Florida justice is didn't side with a Democrats, by 61 majority of the justice is ruled that they law defining an actual party is so hopelessly fuzzy, it would be unfair to exclude the reform party. So, rambling Ralph Hangzon, his hand campaign financed and now saved by the same Republicans, he so prizedly vilifies on the stump. He presents himself as the only candidate with true integrity, and he's plainly no better than the other, so take money from anybody. You won't see meater in the debates because I'll never reach the required 15% standing in the polls, and you won't see him in political commercials because he can barely afford bumper spifers. But you will see him on a Florida ballot, much to the quiet relief of hood. Her final test comes in November 2, and he went up another contestant out. Come she'll be expected to be a good party soldier, just like her predecessor, do what you told the news, say what you told us say. For her robotic lawyerly, Harris was launched to Congress, such a lofty reward may await hood, too, if she's called upon to for another recount, writes Carl Harris and the Anxious Miami Herald. You are listening to Neil Rogers, and you are going to be supposed to throw her on 566 in the U.L.A.M. The rise is a winner! A rat! A blue dog! Wave all white like the noble, one-neal action! Say that I like to know who, one-neal action! Calvival, calvival, living, count of all, count of all, count of all, living, count of all, count of all, count of all! Ever since this presidential race began, I've often wondered who was going to win. Some poverty people went to do their voting job, so count of all the mallets and funs out who shot more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common, looks like lots of them just be able to, Patrick, you can, and all my dad. So I'd like to know who, one-neal action! Say that I like to know who, one-neal action! Calvival, calvival, living, count of all, count of all, count of all, count of all, count of all, count of all! Ever since this presidential race began, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, I've never seen anyone in the world, Patrick, you can, and all my dad. So I'd like to know who, one-neal action! Say that I like to know who, one-neal action! Oh, I'd like to know who, one-neal action! Yes, I'd like to know who, one-neal action! Calvival, calvival, living, count of all, count of all, count of all, count of all, and then the book was gone, then the book was gone, then the book was gone, count of all, I'm in a book, count of all, count of all, count of all, count of all, I'm in a book, count of all, are you wondering who, the same, see it as death? Does that answer the book? We got already! We worked as if we were to proceed in Gaza and Israel was abducted, and we'd have been with him in the Jeep, and they said a cardboard program, said, the wish for us we are Ali and he said, I am about to come with us. Maybe we won't see him no more, huh? Maybe they just want to talk to him. May this one have a chat, right? We come in as a waiting for him to be back. See that there vehicle. You never know who knows about these things. And when we have 600 and some on votes on the poll, 636 to be a saying, what's the greatest problem of the world faces today? Religious fanaticism, 278, George W. Bush, 266, we're now religious not job himself. So he says, over population 67, they don't get it. They just don't understand that making too many babies is not worth that, you know? They don't get it. Oh, see now you're going to get with that crap about quality of life. That's just cold. Yeah, that's right. Oh my god. All those terms are, I mean, who cares about quality of life, right? So they went to many babies, let's be a personal first star. And we'll just look the other way. And don't call power 96, they won't help you. But let's start thinking. Overpopulation 65. We like Cape Curio. Okay, I can't say much better. I said, I don't want to almost. But we like Cape Curio. And that's it. And they make a lot of money over there and they leave me alone. They're a music station. What are they supposed to do? What do you want them to do? Shenamut and CDs up there? What do you want them to do? And people always do that with radio stations. They call them with their problems at all. Oh, yeah. You're telling me, remember we got that dog that lost dog thing? He raised money for a risk band repair rescue. Come on. He was in a row. By the way, a lot of us were not doing any investing. You'll so far this year. We haven't even discussed it. Right. I noticed asked me if we're going to do it. No. Ask me if we're going to do it. No. Ask me if we're going to do it. Don't ask. Okay. 6. 7. 40 votes. Religious fanaticism leads to the pact. 279. George W. Bush 28. I already just got your reading that tonight. Wow. Yeah. Overpopulation 67. AIDS 26. Global war in 24 starvation 16. I guess that didn't finish the whole thing. But it's making a difference because there's only a couple are really getting any votes anyway. Overpopulation stuff making so many unwanted babies. It's like a contest. This you can win a baby making contest. You crazy people you. Jesus. And on the one hand you got to pray. You got to poke. I don't want to go into it. It just makes me furious. The fact that any buddy is you know listening to some old keys are going to dress. Hearing them advice on reproduction and sexual matters who's supposed to be relevant. And you've noticed I said supposed to be right. I got it. Yeah. How's that switched guard doing by the way? I bet you're Mark Foley knows some of them. So it's guard. But what a scream or mark. Who would hell you think you've been kidnall this time? Good. Golly Miss Molly. For a kid problems live gas prices. All of a sudden we forgot to say it today. All of a sudden we still got less than an hour to go but we got some time. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. One of the most memorable calls in this year talk radio. Some young arrogant, some punk out there in radio land. Oh and so thank you Mr. President for those low gun. When they started to be a rack attack. Mm. Little did he know. We know little did he know and still little does he know about anything about life. And then he's got a phone in a mouth. Gas prices get more than five cents a gallon of cash to weeks largely because of problems related to hurricane. I have an industry analyst said yesterday. A lot of analyzing going on in the oil business is matter effectiveness. Turn on CNBC right now because I don't want to see these reporters get in blown all over to hurricane again. So I'm so terrified of that dog and pony show that they put on her. How come I'm not getting my CNBC out of a sudden? What the hell does that happen to it? Well there it is. There's so many stories out there but the one common thread seems to be that Treasury still continues to buck what should be a quote on now. Food all up and dime 4928 4928 giving precipitously close to that $50 a barrel mark. Oh no. Anyway, most of this is ever kind related to the Trumpet. He lumber who publishes the Semi-Muffles survey. He lumber of survey of about 6,000 gas stations across the US combined national average raw trades against in dollar 94 in Friday. About a nickel from September 10. Lumber said there was damage in the Gulf of Mexico to petroleum facilities but there also shut down in fear of damage. There also delays the shipments of oil and refined products. The average national price for self-surve regular. The biggest seller reached $191 mid-grade average was two. One of the premium was paid to $210. $210 a percent of frequency cents a gallon of gas. Thank you Mr. President for the big bargain because we got that Iraqi pipeline going. But if could that one go into good we're not benefiting too much there because they keep blowing it up. But you didn't think they got that one through Syria back when up into Israel again. That's the important stuff right? Of course. Pretty well in this area we are right in the heart of the big band about 95 miles. I will bend this. 567.0560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQA and Hull. QA and Hull. Mr. Sarah. Welcome back. What about it? What about Oklon Park? I see. Let's go to Oklon Park and Jones again. Hey Neil. Keep trying, man. I'm as sharp as a mothable so you're not going to get by me. No chance of the day off today. Yeah, maybe he got blown away during the hurricane. Maybe just to tell me the QA and hello. Neil, what about you for Brown? You want to translate down when I wish I could? Maybe he's like a jury brown. That one you know Josh. I can't help you. I'm coming for a lot of all the dinner here. Maybe we need to get in turbo. Okay. 567.0560. Come on. Let's get these phones. Flame in here, man. I'm giving you this hour. We're good part of it. I got 80 million pounds. We're going to be good. We're going to be good. We're going to be good. Hello. Hello. Well, I'm more important than old Brownie-Hound, there. Whatever it was. Well, that's the Brownie-Hound. WWM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Sorry, Joyce. Yes. Hell, about a couple of weeks ago. I heard a great commercial in six tenows. Yeah. You can move a bunch of weight up. You got a mine. Well, we'll be given our will. No, no, no. Okay. Good luck, Paul. And if you can't find Wilma George, you got some good context. 567.0560. 560. On the effort for this tickle to glass is myself. Why did you wear contact? I forgot to use it. Why did you get laser status? Do you remember to queue in? I like the conservative bit of fall. I'm ready to have. I'll get off. Beats make charge. Thank you. You know something that could be the greatest probability of our faces today is that we don't have no more beefed egg trolleys. And let me ask you, what about that pull pork? I'm sorry. I noticed we had those two spikes on there. We're getting better to the back glass. I'm going to get some better. Try to ignore that. No, thank you. I am, hello. See, it's okay. We can make money saying it's okay. We're for bid. Yes sir. How are you doing? I got so single. My mind you're from court. Yeah. I think next time I'll get hit by lightning. We got like the most important. People are like, bringing out about a little fall. I thought the best was on CNN. I thought they were actually going to do something when they had the meteorologist Chad Meyer and we're from that ship and show it. And the two of them are like hanging out of each other. Seeing that we're going to get blown away the first. I'm going to show you. I thought that they were going to do something. Yeah. Okay. I don't think we're going to put that on there. I could have, I guess, but I just, I don't know. Actually, the Browning Hound. I don't want to get Jewish to upset. It's only Monday. Yeah. Why didn't I have it? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6. Like I said, if we can make money on it, we'll put any crap on here you want. But if it's something that I want to say or George wants to say good for many of anybody else, even a little Josh there wants to say, no, change man. Yeah. Here's the old Joyce buzzer. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. I'm sure she even called the old buzzer before. Fitch. Right now, I'm so grateful to homestead. We're like to clear their lots and sell off all their remaining old forers because that's face in the years getting close to the end. Here's some of the great deals. So no, 450 pickup. You've made just a buck over invoice. New O4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice. Rangers, Crown Vex, Torses, and Focus is all waiting for you just one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong for the homestead. Plus Armstrong for the offer is more valued with loyal customers. And even those who are quite that loyal, when you buy a 4 for Armstrong for you, get their exclusive tariffs and batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. You get tires and batteries for life. The value of the Armstrong for doesn't stop there either because they continue to offer you a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. If you're pressed for time, I think I do is make one easy call because they know your time is valuable. Don't live your new vehicle right here. Just call and shop right over the phone at 305-247-5112. 247-5112. 151-212. And don't forget that Armstrong for the homestead is locally owned and operated. They'll give you personal treatment. They feature just like family and a guarantee. I bet your tariffs is life on it. You won't get a better deal on a fort anywhere. No way, no how in South Florida. No bait and switch. No fawny deals. It's all waiting for you. From 4 to homestead, you'll find in the 307-25 South-Tixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 check online at WebArmsDrumCars.com and then drive just a little and save a ton on that new forward only. From our friends at Armstrong 4 to Homestead. Here I'll sing to you, Russia's own territory on my 6th anniversary. You be in. It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high. It'sидress in, Very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! But that's my joy! So I won't die in the old days. It's very high! It's very high! It's very high! Here's a fashion email who says maybe the brown guy was referring to the UPS commercial, what can brown do for you? Also, let's see those reporters stand outside where you can't worry about, then I'll be impressed right, see you. And then I think he held you probably find out what brown is all about also. Right? Depending on what color you're short, sir. Right. Anyway, I don't know the spot, and you don't either, obviously, there's no other spot. So that's all for three and probably the overwhelming majority. By how many people do you think of any idea what that commercial is all about? I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. They were away from here. I've heard of that. I've heard of it. Can you explain to me why things have sort of figured it out. Regarding our president elections yet the people having. I got ... St motious, throughout the world. Has not to. I relatively have in America's figure that. Most of Asia's figure that out. Everybody's figure that out. I'll set the Americans because they're not brainwashed by their media. The Chinese are Mister let's forget about them and the north. about a little bit more than just what's going on with a jury springer show. Or media, it's like I'm in this China media. I mean, it's ridiculous. Everything, it's almost on. It shouldn't have waged. She would have a job. Exactly. Well, in fact, CBS came to the cancel of peace on the full knee, yellow cake and the whole thing about Niger and the Joseph Wilson. If I think canceled that before last night, which was so much more important than, you know, what, you have bushed it or didn't do in a guard, which everybody knew already any of. And they came to the cancel. Well, you know, that's thing got the media under their thumb. And I'll start out with CBS canceled the Reagan series. Remember they were going to do that. Sure, do. Yeah. And you know, this is always CBS and CBS with the Janet Jackson booby. It's a CBS with the Reagan mini series. It's CBS again with the band Rather flap and just never stops. On Shrash, Crop will pull the plug and you'll want to push it through elected, right? Good luck to last night. See you in the mortar. What's this? It's a spent the last day in Miami last Friday. You're spending a day in Miami last night. So here's the suggestion. I like this. Oh, he's got some good choices on here. What's the worst place in the more rural? He's got only four choices. But Iraq, Afghanistan, Bosnia or Miami-Dade. Yeah. I think that's pretty good idea. I think I might just take him up and I got Sean's pulls from last week. Don't worry, Sean. Baby, still got him here. We'll get to those. Also, it says PS is a bill span. I've nothing mature about for living here for 20 years. I'm thoroughly enjoying the offense. Rapid descent into sub-mediaquity. Oh, by the way, there's no name on this. But whoever you are, sub-mediaquity is an insult of all these sub-mediaquities in a world. I mean, there. Whatever is 50 miles beneath sub-mediaquities, that's what they are. They are an embarrassment. You notice, very seldom doing an NFL or any major league telecast of any sport. You hear the announces. I mean, yeah, you'll hear criticism. You'll hear them ripping some of the acid they deserve it. But really, do you hear them ripping like the entire offense? Like they have the dull, we're less than the offense. Were you watching on TV, Joshua? Were you there? I was there. Well, I mean, they were ripping them an ash and talking about the dolphin's being a mediocre. And then I don't know who they were. They were both terrible. But the one chance, and says, well, mediocre is an understanding. They're a lot worse than just mediocre. I mean, they just been slicing them an ash. I mean, working is a, they suck. Anyway, it says, man, they deserve it. If the fisting from the head, the fans can think, Wayne, this factor knows this stuff, baby. The pain, can we play that? I know we can't play the other one, which I would love to play. But right, we can try. The pain of what is not in here, the pain of Wayne? Oh, you've got it. What is it? One girl. Huh? Maybe it's under another two. Wait, one moment, please. Okay, this is other. It is. One moment. One moment. On One plane, on Mne West Bank, on part four, Jun completely. On the train. Someday. From that separate point behind point, it will stop on the state of times. Don't you think it's because in times they sometimes, by suddenly speaking, It's way, it's way, it's way, the ocean of the wave was there upon my brain. I think it's lost it. The strait of the wave is there since I've lied to you. There's that problem again. It's anywhere. Yeah, I mean this is, huh? It is spread all over the place. I guarantee if they're that game last night, there's plenty of it. In fact, all over the Gulf and Locker Room. We're trying to disgrace what an embarrassment, what a humiliation. Bringing this franchise to a new level has been seen since the early days of the organization. Anyway, it says the fencing thing. And how's Blockbuster Park doing when? That's about the only thing even a clever accomplish, but all his force franchises was the fact that the Marlins won a world series the first time under his tutelage. And then of course he takes it because he went out and spent the money to build a winter. Right away, he takes that in stock, everybody in the face. And give him an ultimator as well. I'm not in it for the fans. I'm just a business guy. And the same thing with the panters. We're looking at one outstanding season and made it the Stanley Cup finals. And that any parlay that did all the threats he made into a new arena there in Broward County, they threw his amount in stock to public interface again. Why suddenly have the team? By unloading it to this unsuspective goofball, otherwise it's not a clue. Anyway, nice going Wayne. It says next year, he'll make three little coach, speel him in the quarterback and wants that to trainer. And my keen is not busy when he should call him and then maybe hire Dan Rino again. So I said that before. Yeah, Danny, why we need you, baby. It says I don't do drugs, but I can't imagine anything that's could possibly have given me more pleasure and watching these dolphin games. And listening to subsequent talk shows. Amen. I haven't heard the talk show. I've just only imagined, but I watched it again. In fact, very seldom do I watch it often game in its entirety because obviously as you know, I pay pay for fan having been for about 10 years. But in this case, this season so far, I watched. I missed the first quarter last night. Bobby cited missed too much except to ring like crazy. And I guess the fans, those who brave the hurricane, the aftermath of the hurricane and the internal weather and the right. I guess they knew that it wasn't what's sticking around for, huh? Now, after they smelled the stench of that first quarter that the scoreless first quarter, but I hated it, they didn't get the field goal, baby. Olendamare, kicked that one field goal. They're doing it. I mean, it's not a whole bunch, but you know, three points is a start. 1.26 at 5.60 WDQM. You want to know more about following a low carb diet. You want the best tasting largest selection of low carb foods at the best prices anywhere. And head forward, the lights of my spokea. Whether you're starting or restarting the atkins, the sugarbusters, the South Beat or any. Low carb sugar free diet. The lights of my spokea's always been the number one low carb store in South Florida. We know you can shop in the local grocery store, but if you want a better selection, and I'm talking about Zidians of protest that you're looking for, if you want to be able to try before you buy and you want your questions on low carb diet and answered, with the friendly, subscribe to the service anywhere, and this is the place for you, the low carb headquarters, the lights of my spokea, where you'll find over 1200 great products like Carmelite Ice Cream. Breads, pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookies and lots more. The lights is open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. They're looking at them on the northeast corner of blades in 441, right next to prestigious Boston Market. And the how many sides do you get with that order at Boston Market? Or call them tool free at 1-877 low carb or on the web, or call them to say, at 1-877 low carb.com, hello WCARB. There's only one. But what's going on? How long have you been to do that? You're a official at Kins Retail Center. Who would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility? I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years, and here's the guy that said one thing I went out and did something else. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I'm going to show you guys what I'm doing. I feel like that. I can't. Well, I mean, if I piece of a criminal, whatever show up here, I just turn my gun on that thing, stir it like that, which means it's probably right at the very ass end of its existence. George Corso says, well, we finally got a chiped out on Friday, took it to a, and of course it has to clear customs and all other, and we only had a problem from what? About three weeks now, I would say three weeks is the day that started doing a grand, should it let the brown help them? Yeah. It's like, there might be some brown when they, you know, you open a pot, maybe one of these days very soon if that piece of a criminal, you know, and I saw you're going to hear us. Like that. That was. It never quite did that before. I mean, let's see if it'll go to the woman. I didn't have in that time. Don't trust him, they could have. I'm just turning out my gun on an off. I don't know how to do it. One doesn't have somebody else turning the mic on and off for them. Some of the raw case, emintheders, they're so good. Yeah, right. 26, 22, 25, 60, 72, I mean, we were technically very slow station. We're going to get around with that piece of equipment. George Corso says, I wish you had to, what an odd bit of a bit. Yeah, along with my talent checking, a lot of stuff. They're a little slow there. But then, of course, there's been a hurricane. And you don't mkipper. At any rate. You notice how they're, hurricane was kind enough to wait till the sun went down. Saturday night before we'd hear us there doing a thing. The power was not kind enough to wait till the sun went down. While we're kind of your power go off. Like five. Oh no. Oh, I don't know. You're going anyway, so they don't worry about you. The reason tools, this is by Stephen Clackett and allorance of democratic talk radio, whatever that is. The reason tools showing a large bush leads seem to be designed to be the discouraged democratic voters and or conditioning work in people for a bush victory based on vote rigging. Now we're getting our thumb on it. The methodology that seems to be used by Gallif, and most other polling firms come back to the large corporations are greatly overrated to give Republicans excessive representation and don't give sufficient ways to democratic voters based on historical voting trend. Pools by independent polling organizations that are using properly weighted samples like Zavbe and few research, Harrison others are not showing a significant bush leading and somehow carry ahead. While most political aimless predict the largest democratic voter turn out in history, Gallif is predicting in their methodology that Republicans will be seven to eight percent more of the total electorate than never crafts actually voting on election day. Based on the most recent elections, Democrats have usually been seven to eight percent more of the total of that for when the actual votes were counted. The swinging numbers using Gallif's distorted methodology would tend to give bush a fake lead and then able to 15 percent. As voters we need to ask for ourselves why Gallif would use a methodology that would almost definitely mean that their election predictions would be wrong. These writers are somewhat baffled and answering that question by what Gallif ought to give the false and first of a bush lead. It is interesting to note that James Clifton, who bought the Gallif organization is a big Republican donor, he gave thousands to right when Republican Georgia Senate Candidate Herman King, came right as a huge backer of cutting taxes for the wealthy of Americans. This is essentially the same tax position supported with a bigger by the Bush-Chainee ticket. The Bush administration has been rewriting the tax codes, labor regulations and business laws, to give more wealth and power to large corporations along with wealthy and powerful individuals since their first days in office. Pulling out fits media companies and other owners have benefited as never before in history. Many of these entities and individuals are doing everything in their power to keep the Bush Republicans in power. The massive increase in electronic voting machines will make it nearly impossible to detect voter fraud by computer hacking or hidden computer code. Many states are using machines that do not provide a paper receipt to voters. A top executive of a one voting machine company had a Republican rally in Ohio promised to do everything in his power to put a Ohio in the Bush column in November. He should have been removed as an executive by the company but was not. Republican Senator Chuck Hagle has very close ties with other large voting machine company. He's a top former executive of that firm. These concerns would not be a serious if the computer codes used by voting machine makers were stated open source codes like a New Zealand and Sweden in the United States of Oaxown and computer codes are company property and not available to the average voter. Voter should be worried and possible but not discouraged. The public will not tolerate massive vote fraud in America, regardless of any attempt to condition the public by the corporate government. Yeah. We're going to go out there and vote in such gigantic numbers. Now we're going to drag your ass right out of your seat and make you vote over and over again until you can't vote no more. Especially if you're poor, if you're dark, if you're like a slipper, whatever. Right? Right. Right. No solid women cars we've had today. Zero, not a one. Zippity, do the men. Voter Vizzi out there clean up all the trash from the storm. I think. Day three. Yeah, they're putting all the other lives back together again. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. We're going to be a little bit more focused on the public. I don't mean just can we just elaborate on it again? What do you mean can I elaborate on? I don't understand if I'm first on voters. This is my first time on the public. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the public. If you have a people who are going to be a person who is going to be a 7-8% more Republicans in Democrat showing up, which flies in the face of history. But in some other words, they're pulling more Republicans in Democrats. So this is a genius to figure out why they're a full show. Bush, how much farther ahead than all the other fools. Oh, okay. I see. What happened in the drop, you said, well, doing a infected or something like that. That's a great drop and you just kind of abandoned it. No, we didn't abandon it. Well, we've made it. We've got a way to throw off. I'll tell you about 40 times for it. See ya. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. I'm in Texas. If there's a buck, I smell it. We should not about that. Maybe that's why. I'm in Texas. You know, it's too far in there, you know. I'll sorry, Joey. I'm sorry. Hey, listen, don't be picking on most. Speaking of old Mr. Brownstein. What was it they call was old Yellowstein and came you me, right? Yes, you know. No, no, no, no. We got Mr. Old Mr. Brownstein. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. He was doing a fine job. I sit in back taking a check. Just, and he knows something. What did I say if you wish to go? I said, what's it often season? There are T's going to need all the time. We can't do a cook for you during the week because it's going to be a long, dastardly, bastardly, seasoned man. It's going to be ugly. That was right. As usual, I had my thumb right on it, squarely firmly. Why did he tilt to the head? Doug, it's a little bit hot. Hey, Goldberg is back. Hey, stop it. Before he came back on Friday, but then again, with a holiday, with a Jew holiday and a hurricane, everything else. Probably a lot of people weren't even aware that we stayed in the minute. And then at 6 to 3, he sneak right out of there. Just make sure he did. It's like Dracula. You don't need to get the home into the crypt before the sun goes down. And it was the same. But the huffer we had to get his ass out of the building and time before the sun went down. Otherwise, he would be burning and hell. Not enjoying his blunts and grivinous. Well, I haven't thought about grivinous in a long time. Yeah, well, oh my God. You want to get a really major league hardburn. I don't know where you could ever... This one of those things that an old buddy would have to make. And probably most of those people are dead by now anyway. You'd probably find a jelly that still makes that. That makes rivinous. There's got to be. I think one thing. So, well, let's put the word out for it. Okay? You'll have Ajit, a man you have a hardburn that'll last you for a lifetime. I don't want to eat it. It'll take you to fly not. It's delicious. Yeah. It's like, try it. It's like, I mean, it rings only better. Fried up would like in chicken fat, you know, oh man. Let's big Josh eat it. I'm gay. You're what? If it's better. If it's better. But if it's better, it's second time that he said something like that. Yeah, you're trying to give us a message? Wow. I think that I think that dolphin game turned him around so to speak. Twenty-four or two a QA in if you're playing. I'm replacing your carpeting because it's old. It's kind of schmussy. Maybe you think it about having your carpeting or your wigs and green green. Oh no. For a freshly cleaned. Sam's probably a sign of way out. It's just about finished. Cargha, a French-y-dry concept. Dark concept is the best in business and bringing your carpeting back to life. The only ones I trust with my carpeting over 20 years and a whole bunch of different homes. So sanitize your home that they're using dry concepts, certified train technicians who will dry clean your carpeting. You might be as dry clean your clothing. They leave your carpet looking just like brand new vibrant and color. They smell a lot of freshness off of the touch. And they dry just a couple of hours so you really can clean today and retain the light. And you never have to worry when you call dry concepts. There are no rip off, no scans, no tack ons at the end of the job. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront. So when you leave, you know exactly what it's going to cost you and you look around and take your brand new carpeting later on before that's how good it's going to look. Call them today. It's too free. There's nobody in the world any better call. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 on our network at web. It's dryconcept.com. You are listening to Neil Rajasin. Listen, ladies. I'm excited to hear that. I'm not a cool head. But the one who's raided giving him a more highlighted day than it is shown. And he's recording in my ass for agents. I don't even know how you have children. They're above. Hello. I want your take on J.P. Oh, J.P. It's a great thought that I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not the money. He's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh yeah. He's going to be able to say it. Oh, give the thank you mom. Oh, no, no wait a minute. Oh, go. But I'm nothing else to say. I'm just a little bit of how about this. I was going to the down there in the mirror, mom. I'm Rajasin. I'm the street, some of you. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. I have to go. I told you what. J.P. I'll hold you open up right now. I'll give you one of my old tentations. I'll set up. You're right. That worked the only pull that we have. The thing that knows is wrong again. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Aw, nice sight, w Module Theydi. It's perfect for my felt. A crowing pull Those walls, oh my yeah wow wow, But your skulls are as beautiful as me. I've grown up until we really live Let their heat. All the movies comeAH R Name the world wide. Light the skyight, light the groundigner. Like you are not the boistern! I know clothes was something strange Almost every day I did And my veins just say, Stop the tickles I had to know a little bit Yeah, I pulled the top of the bag And my cousin went to the old bag And he turned me into a snowman With my little baby And he turned me into a snowman And I was like, I'm just not gonna leave I know that I'm leaving I pulled the bag And I was like, I pulled the bag And I was like, What the fuck? What the fuck? I'm sick of it I'm sick of it I'm sick of it Hey, we're keeping your life, Well, it's all I can tell you, and by the way I'm listening I'm sure you're good When you imagine, you got a lot of time on the Sancians He's a good guy when he's not paying off And even he's probably got a Sony Walkman Right, and it falls spot We're keeping your name alive Well, it was embarrassing Volgames I'm a Herbert who's one of the fine-comists in New York times One of those people actually were at stuff that makes sense And the times Paul Venonow Secretary of State Colton Powell discussing the Iraq war During an appearance at the times on a Friday They don't have the crisp seritude of the general Who assured us in 1991 That the first Gulf War was going almost precisely as planned 13 years ago, Mr. Powell was the supreme The confident almost cocky chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff At Presby, things he would describe the plan for the feeding Saddam Hussein's Army, which had invaded And occupied to wait as follows First, we're going to cut it off and then we're going to kill it I thought he was telling him about most peace He would detail the airline and naval forces Closing him on the Iraq, he didn't say I'm not telegraping anything I just want everybody to know that we have a toolbox That's all it's all tools and a rough them all with the party He had every reason to be crashed The US said coalition under the first Gulf War But they cohere in plan, extensive international support And overwhelming military superiority, including more than half a million American troops Last Friday, surrounded by reporters and editors Secretary Powell had a decidedly different message He refused to pay to Rosie picture the current war's progress We've got a tough road ahead of us, you said He acknowledged that the resistance encountered by American troops was stronger than administration and anticipated And he added, I'm not going to underestimate or Understate the seriousness of the insurgency The resistance he said is a black cloud over US efforts in Iraq Mr. Powell's candid was refreshing but we're not getting from the Bush administration Any sense of where we go from here with this war that never made sense Is cosmoderned in American lives And further destabilized him at least in his energized forces of terror That are the real threat to the US Bush administration officials are busy lowering expectations about the election Skids are for January The French Secretary Donald Rumsfeld now tells us it's fine The elections reached just three quarters or four fifths of the country Secretary Powell and if you want to see an end yesterday said there will be polling stations that are shot at There will be insurgents who will be out there who will try to keep people from voting No earthly amount of spin can make incredible case that Iraq is on the road to freedom and democracy Meanwhile, in the other echo of Vietnam, American commanders in Iraq are begging for more troops It was ever thus Commanders trusted in these unmanable wars against foreign insurgencies always believed It's just a few thousand more troops will turn the tide Americans were told again and again that there was light at the end of the tunnel in Vietnam The troops sent to that nightmare would drive you remark that the light was coming from an unwishing train Rather than destroying an enemy army, which was the goal of the first Gulf war The US military is now spinning its wheels in the Iraqi sand No one is sure who are worthy enemy is or even what the US mission is And in that horrendous senseless environment that American troops are getting shot to death are blown up or harbling main every single day At home American seemed to have forgotten what an ill advised work in due to the US More than three decades after was published David Halberstim's The Best in the brightest Should still be required of re-eating Lyndon Johnson had hoped Vietnam would be a short war, Mr. Halberstim wrote And it was afraid of the political consequences of two economic costs became visible He wrote the result was that his economic planning was a living lie And his administration took us into economic chaos The great society programs were passed whenever funded on any large scale The war itself ended a severe budgetary problems The decision in 1968 to put a ceiling on the American troops was as much economic as political And the most important to find it as the war honestly would inspire a virulent inflationary spiral Which helped the feet Johnson himself Seven years after the commitment of combat troops that inflation was still very much alive And was forcing a successor of the administration in the radical destiny economic measures in order to restore some financial balance We've been there done that and now we're doing it again That's what Bob Herbert does near our time he next may be a little bit too much. So what is he know? Not much. Anyway, here's the poll. What's and by the way speaking of polls. What did you do to you still have that copy of the poll? You fact me that I was making nothing. I have to. Yes. Yeah, the set I was going to do tomorrow. Please be facts. That was pretty interesting. Even though I had only four names. I like the concept. I think I know where my vote's going. What's the greatest problem the world faces today? In 1996 votes religious fantasies in 352 George W. Bush 270. For over population 89 AIDS 34 global warming 25 starvation 22 George W. Bush 270. A. M. A. A. Spence of power menor covers over this performance by the Dalton. That's a good thing. Huh? He raised the tier level high. It's almost free that I'm going to die. I'm worried. Not happy. This day out here that has a chance. And I think that just beat my pants. I'll worry. And not happy. I'll worry not happening. I like the doors and closed their dreams. I thought I wanted to roll the top tape down the wall. And not happy. If they change it from orange to red, then they will be in the middle of the day. And I'm happy. If they change it from orange to red, how will you hide and do my best. I'm worried. Oh my god. I'm not happy. Look at me. I'm not happy. I'm worried. Hey, Wayne. Thank you for that love for the park. You must be in my direction to win, Anata. I did what he done. Without a start. I'm not happy. Hey, listen up. Anything. You know what they're taking even power 96. They'll give you those sign of face to wake you to that. Like that. That would be an exciting one. I just wanted to do a little bit of a button there. I thought I was getting like feedback from the Sapporo audience. So I used to, that kind of heat. And I can understand and hurricane. The dolphins absolutely suck. The panthers are locked out. It's like everything is so negative. And here they're always given me that crap. Oh, no, you're so negative. No, I'm positively ecstatic. The sun is shining here. It's 75. It's not a cloud in the sky. Everybody's friendly. Everybody's in a really good mood. And so they're making a big, make believe hockey season this year. And I want to go get a crack. And then we do what it boils down to. I mean, you know, I don't sit for a little while. And you find other things to do in life. You know, like go out and get lead. Stuff like anything. Whatever. As opposed to just sitting around waiting to watch a bunch of other people wearing jox, or I'm saying, I'm slightly telling the answer. Now, after a while, it gets a little stale. All of we shouldn't say that in this station because, and what are they going to change that logo I should ask? The logo. Yeah, the sports. Whatever. How do you say it? What are the ideas? Well, it's not sports. We're not sure. We're doing more. You got sure. There's a clock in the morning. We're on two. Two. Two. Four. It's almost two o'clock. Sports time. Eight years almost sports time. In fact, we got Mr. Sports. Why oh, man, can you imagine why? Oh, I can't even begin to imagine the kind of sour frame of mind. Mr. Mad Dog is going to have a vote today. It's a clock only moments away. And the Humper II, I'm sure is going to be. I mean, let's face it. There's no way to paint a pretty picture there. Okay, they stink. They stink. They suck. The monster's got to go to God. What did I tell you? They hadn't been going to quarterback. There were offensive lines. They didn't really speak in where you'd shmirl it. All of the exterior crap. They suck. Bye bye. I want to give you a kiss. Kiss me on the mouth.