that's what's going to be the word we tried everything under the sun I don't know is anything created when come up was for that lots of things we could have an hour long discussion about what to replace that with yeah well maybe will the p word about just plain p well because that means something no no it can mean something else what don't they you're in well you can say pissed off can you for you for you of course okay you can't use it as a verb pissed off it's me fired up when I hear someone say that it's a bit a little bit of a shock it's a good thing we're having this discussion they've got you have a got a clue that was a verb you were wrong what pissed off is a verb no it's not a adjective it's a described describes a state of mind he's dead a wedding be Williams you got it yeah and the money you see nobody knows who these people are you wrong okay where do you think most of the old top of our front besides Cuba we're also think is the second you're right you're and where do you see on this list of far you got that in the room you what uh... gene shepherd bobble loose got me only her boss grandissin cousin brewley and let's you're from the u.k what you don't care that's not true because back in the day can fight a evolutionary straight Yeah, I just got through saying him did you invite me to put him on there And I know Josh Maldut J.P. McCarthy. What happened to J.P. be side the fact that he died and you still got burrs spelled B.U.R. G. Come on. Let's go. Let's get what Slip him up on the side of the head a couple of times Let's go. This isn't rocket science. I mean, it's not like the votes are pouring in here like I'm taking eight million calls Let's see. Alan Fried Wolfman Jack Sheen says big Wilson was in South Florida, see. Okay, in our lifetime But Wolfman Jack, he belongs on there. Do we have a Wolfman Jack bit? I thought we did something What did he? Um, because I know Dick Clark and Casey K. Sumat that all of them hosted a national sir I show it some point where they played some music That's a much national broadcast, but like a service you played the day We're not talking about that. We're talking about people I mean if you listen to Dick Clark and Philly, which I don't even know who but where he was on I don't know if he had his own radio show. I'm assuming he did And Casey Kasem I guess we all know I think I left Can we play that one? That's got all the briefs in it, right now? We're up to our long distance dedication. Yeah, that's got all the briefs. So we put them on there. Who? Dick Clark K. If you like what they got there now after watching Poland for colabine last night Or what a bad what a bastard he is Close it up Close it up, not close it up. Okay, get out of here close it up and that of course Charlotton hashton Wow, that was just Shocking would be an artist that he was son of a yeah Racist miserable obnoxious piece of turd just the oh this scussing and of course the best part of it is And shows there might be actually a guy Yeah, yeah, but he's got Alzheimer's now he probably forgot who to help Michael more was much less the interview How many QA I'm hello Yeah, speaking Yes, I Have that junkle innocence rocket ship charioteurs and of course the best part of it is it shows there might be actually a guy Right that he's got Alzheimer's now he probably forgot who to help Michael more was much less the interview How many QA and hello? Yeah, speaking Yes Have that junkle innocence rocket ship charioteurs. Yeah, who? Junkle Henderson Who's the one to got now? country trouble with yet see when he put on that jay leews Great ball of the fire Uh-huh and He was at our time to hear just 60 right? Yes, sir. Yeah, I am too Junkle Anderson. Yeah, Junkle Henderson. Okay. You got a man thanks put him on there. I have Junkle Henderson I know who these people are and I have a little off the end of now that's the point don't you understand? How about this flight that the flight to Japan to talk yesterday? He in San Angelotentus speaking please try this on precise what it's for the vision was a valid survival mechanism That the priest be based and yeah right five six seven oh five 60 pound five six the only 18 a try to emphasize your Jessica Actually, I an it's a little on the loose side WQM hello Take the Andy okay, go on that was guilty take the Andy BI-o-n-v-i can you handle that BI? I mean, I don't have to spell all these guys we don't know who they are you don't know who dick behind the is or was I used to be deputy deputy of a club that went to Chicago. I hear you say these names like the hardest drivers You know the all these no no no not like harness drivers that's a obscure these are well known radio personalities Years well I was gonna say you're in a radio business, but of course never be a real stretch. I apologize Okay, you've never been in a radio business at least not in my lucky business. Yeah, I mean He's QA in a radio business not even close not even close not even close But we do have our own lineup of all local shows at least until the one ever at least during the week right D digital we don't have any piped in garbage or except me piped in from Toronto But nonetheless I'm talking about about out of town in invaders People are syndicated in the 80 million stations who have no idea where to hell a fine new people I know where to find you and I know Lana Other than South Florida who's your all-time favorite radio person now the Crescent Brucey 21 wolf man jack's gonna pass him like he's standing still baby 21 just what honors got 21 dick pertain 10 people like dick Gene Shepherd nine good yellow momma. Coney his show is fantastic nine Big and Italy big of a Vatican Larry Lou Jack seven Scott newdy seven Bob Collins full William B. Williams form already K for Denning from three You see this thing started taking a little shape now man 100 11 votes to see that Yes, it Casey case in three bill Bailey two Alan bird we find I got this fella correct that I don't know he probably don't carry still dead Two dick part got two two people like dick. Oh God. Why hate him now like poison Anybody who watches voting for combat Just hate the Clarkler house Harry Harrison one Bob Lewis one Bob alloo aren't against bird one Charles like a Dera one and the brother we's the brother We's W-E-I-S-Z How about W-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E that not white Brother white Man like I said smack him on the side of the head with a gigantic baseball man And with a giant instrument that Left behind a big block when you want it rushes got there on our website That's the geyser no votes yet for brother wise Safe him McCarthy Martin block Bruce Bradley, Jack O'Henerson also miss felt Alan freed Joel Sebastian Lee Allen Farney Pipp or Dick Beyonde. Oh, I spelled it for your right here on a year B-I-O-N-D-I-B-On-D-I-O-N-D-I-I-I got it we got it B-I-O-N-D Spilling is not a great American virtue And I got these two guys here to prove it. What I'm not stalling these oh Josh is doing these I guess I Josh is I think tight directly onto the website if I copy it and then he copies it and then it goes to the you know That's three and I don't know what kind of mistake. I haven't a W-E-I-M hello Yes, sir This is the radio station. Yes W-E-M Oh, oh, I do it pretty good. Hey. I'm Spilling a comment Yeah Me Have you well played or go join the presidential race as good and I'll tell you why yeah I think once the Democratic nominee settled yeah Is this a radio sounds like you to me Is a radio Hey, listen, I'm sorry now once it settled I think that's just gonna start talking more moderately Either carry your Edwards and more moderately. Yeah, you know, they're gonna just gonna tone it down and Okay, well, tone it down pal get out here We're gonna tone it down and Can I ask you a question all right? Is this the radio? No, I'm not gonna let it all go to the right now, but it's what all we got right now Hey listen, we got our own local lineup. We got the mad dog at two we got the Humphrey Chulos at four that's a Hebrew hangover Another Hebrew hammer to you Four to six they're I heard Hank in the clearance yucking up together on Friday afternoon I was sitting here and doing a little work and I potted it up and they were like doing little I'm only on a hand drive. That was yeah, that's what they were doing Six thirty panther pretty new seven o'clock to panters at the Boston Bruins man Please beat those Bruins. Eddie K. At ten into one mark overnight By the way, Eddie Balfour is not playing the one against Carolina. He's just got a little back back problem And it's just they lie so much, you know, but I mentioned that Trevor kid sucks If your carpets look like garbage right now They even maybe smell not too sanitary. It's time to do something to vote it That's right calm my good friends a dry concept. You know twice draft for it is turning into a real typical few M sales hole for a little while He actually had a little bit of promise, you know it and now he's just a do nothing kind of guy Kind of like Todd drag just refuses to do anything You better talk to somebody else about getting Josh hooked up with it. You're not connection cuz Todd will never try I'll ever do it all right Just like you're never gonna be any copy. We'll never find out about Katrina. We'll never get any answers anything because tries to busy You know Chasing after a tail Anyway, dry concepts is the best of the business and bringing your carpets back to life looking brand new I've been using them in my houses houses Prove it all here and you ought to be doing the same what you said hoses How is this I said I said we've got to make you an accent cuz that's coming out about going to the house Anyway, they use only certified train technicians who will drag clean your carpets just like same idea is directly Any you're clothing nobody else in a world does it which is exactly the reason that nobody else can give you such great results They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job No scams that of that per room baloney no games no riff off just a fantastic unbeatable job every time Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell like any fresh and look brand new You'll be amazed you'd never dream of calling anybody else again and when you call dry concepts Be sure to ask them put you understand by a list which can save you an extra 15% off the already low price on that next car for cleaning Call them today. You'll thank me for returning on to these folks there the best in the world call dry concepts tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 or if you want more info check them on the web at dry concepts dot com 6 10 10 We're going to see a total of 30 questions, friends. And so, then, so, we're going to work here and here and there. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll go and bring the driver up. And then, we'll walk. Ooh! Oh! Oh well. Now, find out, baby, don't come, but keep your tweets. If you don't push out your IRA, just don't let out a train. And try to know when you Naz salvar this up beirise. And we'll quick take it from stores open later on the ads. Hey, oh! Now ten minutes will'alt reach. Me and him as a dealer star. I love a pretty cool 560. Where did you find this QMDJ thing? This is from 100 years ago. Oh, I'll book a bride sent that to me. Aphigres. But this is cute. Look at his tent card. I'm Lisa Wood. Charlie Murda. Jim Dunlant. Remember Jim Dunlant? I do. He's a nice young guy. Phil Winter is in a very favorite dear friend. Rick Shaw. See. Wow. From what year are you? I wonder is this? We don't know. The mid 60s, mid to late 60s. Well, look at the songs that are on. This is the QMDJs on the hit list. Wouldn't trade by the bachelor's and ever heard that. Phil, fine. The Beatles, a wife, a old boy, old age. What? The King's are on your old age. He's a 60. 46.5. As years go by, Mary and faithful, Mr. Lonely Bobby Venn. Oh, the Polish prince. Rose is our red. Oh, it says right there. 65. You're right. Where does this say up or right? In quarter. Oh, yeah. The newer two 65. Beginning of January, two, 1965. Thirty five, thirty nine years ago. And Rick Shaw still goes strong. I'm not. I don't like that. I call Rick hanging there, baby. By the way, magic sucks. But in Rick knows that. Rick knows that Hamilton guy. What's it got Bob Hamilton? They have to send his hands on a bus to Hamilton. I go down and pick your him for a Hamilton. The fourth. A rose in a baby, Ruth. Gene Pettany. Gonna be strong. Why sure like Gene Pettany? A lot. Supreme comes to you about me. Love post number nine by the searchers. Jan and Dean sidewalks, sheriff and little off key. Of course. Happy by my good friends. Steve Alamo from Rochester or Buffalo. Where it was from. Dandstanstan. The beach boys. How much is play that? I got it. Look at his dance dance dance by the beach boys and down after that. Run run run by the gestures. I never heard of the gesture. Do you? No. The king's you got me? The king's. I'll be there during the pacemakers. Chad and Jeremy will away for me. I'm capital records no less. Come come come. The evil. So we can't say them anymore. I'm just a blonde blonde. No, that's not what is. Gone gone gone. Moses a bad copy. Perfect. I didn't do it on purpose. All the way will again come come the wedding. And what? Girl forgives by Bernadette Castro. Not a sofa. Girl. So full. What? The sofa queen queen. I guess that's going to be the new bed. So full queen. Right. Speaking of queens. San Francisco to resume game marriages. They'll keep handing him out to gave couples. The city's mayor said is he defiantly pressed out of the cart of her. Policy that is dividing Americans. Nearly 3,300 same. Six merges have been performed already. And they're still performing it. In fact, state attorney general Bill Lockyer on California said it may be buffed. A government Arnold Schwarzenegger's demand that he force an end of San Francisco same sex marriages calling the director political rhetoric. The governor can direct the highway patrol. It can direct the next terminator formal VFU chooses. But he can't direct the attorney general. No way he's attempting to do Lockyer said adding that Schwarzenegger's written director was a statement designed for consumption at the Republican convention. And a fast Friday night to the home of a lot here. The governor wrote I hereby directed to take immediate steps to obtain a definitive judicial resolution of this controversy. The message also said that San Francisco's actions to wed get a couple of present an imminent risk to civil order. Right. Lockyer called that statement for postures and said it's the kind of exaggerated hot weather that risked during people up to commit hate crimes. Our was on the yesterday of course. Like I said before, our leader. And was equally ludicrous. And they brought up that thing about Warren snatches Bill. Make 20 years of residence. I loved it. I loved it. I'm on for prison. Always team. If you will support me, of course, I would run team. If you would support me. Oh, come on. Are we really that stupid in America? We did that dumb already. Scary man. It's a scary. That's why we're taking this one last gas today. This throwback to radio back when your radio was worth something. Worth more than a dime. I'm but you ain't worth more than that. Not third man. Right now. And then I tell you, Wolf man, Jack with past cousin Lucy like his hairpiece flew off. Other than soft Florida people who is your all time favorite radio personality. Wolf man Jack 34. He would not have a song done about him by the you guess who. We do that would happen. Somebody's hurt of him. cousin Lucy 24. Gene Shepherd 12. Gulliallo Marconi's doing well. He's got 11. He'll be out tonight. You go go go go. Dick pertent 10. Scott Mune 10. Little puny Scott Mune. Wouldn't be William Zayt Larry Lou Jack eight. Okay. Let me ask you this. Uh, you heard a cousin Brucey obviously. Yes, from you. Yeah. Big pertent you know he's been on the show. Great. We got a busy way. Larry Lou Jack. You know we play Louis Lou Jack. Those are the bits that those are the names that I know. You see Cacem. Of course, Casey. He's not worried the cave. Have you ever heard a more a Kaufman? Roger. Alan Fried from history. Yes. Sorry. Yes. Okay. These are national names. Alan Berg and Fuku would have won. I mentioned him. No one got shot and killed in Denver. Right. But I didn't know his name. And then with the catch. Well, Arnie Wu, Ginsburg, you know, just from you. Boba Lou, JPM McCarthy, you heard of him. The steel monitor, the 161 votes. Yeah. I'm going to guarantee you by the time we get to two o'clock today. We'll have a won't have our usual phenomenal 800 a thousand votes into a clock. But we'll have enough on there that you would be, uh, you would, uh, we like to have by two o'clock when you finished the show, Mr. Okay. When you do your sensational polls on eating ass, which we can't say that it is. No, we can't. Yes, we can. Right. It's kosher. Sure. No questions. 560, pound 560. What are we doing the next time couples contest? We do already have an entry and you can, you, I guess they can send some entries right. We can't go on. Sure. I don't know if we're going to do it. Still, we can just hang under the pictures and so we want to, you know, your pictures. We got a night, a very good one for our next contest contest in the arrages.com. Now, we back on the online or not. I don't know. Aaron, what do you mean you don't know? Well, because I'm not listening on the internet. Well, it might as well be for all the input you're given when these great names come on. Come on. Come on. I did. I came over the guy and done with the cut shot and Mark Odie who's doing well. Dean Healy, W.I.L.S. and Lansing. I love Gene Healy. Nobody's been there. And how about Eric? Oh, yeah. And I was his name, Eric O. What I used to listen to great radio. I lived here. So you named all those names. Here's what it says from Mark. I missed the first 45 minutes of your show. Did you mention the announcement that Jigs McDonald will be retiring after the season. This just means y'all they would get to get him finally get away from Mo. Well, first of all after the season, there ain't going to be no season next season. And after that, if there's going to be any panthers, I think it's hardly dubious. So I wouldn't get too carried away. I didn't know that Jigs might as retiring did you? Who? But we just found out. Oh, Jigs is, you know, he is what he is. He's okay. I've been a little harsh on the Jigs mightstere since he came to town. But compared to some of the other compared to a David boring on those marlin games. Oh, man, Jigs is great. Got to booted out of this town very unceremoniously in two years. They want a Joe Bowen back big time. We want Joe Bowen back, baby. I got news for a Jigs. You ain't no Joe Bowen. Believe you me when I tell you that. Let's do some hockey talk. Let's get a rumor on there. What do you say? Okay, I'll call it. You're makes the save. Probably skates buy the fuck underneath them. And go. He said, fuck by the way. Go to it. That's my good friend, Dick Irvin. Juniors too, Nali. Islanders leading Chicago, bossy again on Denny Pop that in the third. Oh, no, not to these pot fans. Spectrum, the rangers still ahead of the flyers. Denny, to the ones. Leave them to the center, Icaria. The lonely. Wearing it all to the lot. I know who that is, of course, the late and not so great. Then he gallevin. How do you have a rated Montreal announcer? So the rise area always sounded like he was constipated. Let's see AC DC, the Dan and Minus is over. You're one of the all-time greats. Doug tracked. The grease man. Right. Well, let's just put the grease man. I got a no Doug tracked with me a second. Right. You know, grease man, L. The grease man. He only got fine. What about $10 million? He's not $10 million. He said his run-ins. He said his run-ins were their word police in Washington. See. So they were able to rip up, start to ring John on Howard's firm this morning. All morning. That'll get him by one day, where they're going to do tomorrow. See what I'm saying? Rip it again. Yeah. Well, maybe they're just going to take the easy way out and not talk about it. They're going to pretend to do that. Maybe that's the victim for a Mel. Uh, Carl. We could take the easy way out and not talk. Here's what they just want to talk about. But I will because I think the audience deserves, especially our audience, or right to know, the kind of chilling that's going on, chilling. It is chilling. There is no such thing as grease be to anymore. And so those of you who want to go out and vote for Bush again, where we all have to get an up all your freedoms and give it up all your choices. And have it like four or five companies top up every damn thing in life. I'll go ahead or vote for Ralph Nader and be an idiot again. You people are going out there and vote for Nader man. I tell you, you have to be putting on a silent somewhere. Let's get the straight jacket, congestion for that crowd. I would be like people who've been on Michelle Brainer on Sarah Michelle. She's a sweetheart. I'm sure she is. I'm talking about pompot o park now, right? Right. Hey, let's talk about the old drivers. My good friend Dick McCumbra senior man. He could drive one and Ted Taylor and Billy Pockinger and Tommy Wilburne. So he got Alex, Alex, Winger, drove. That rich sent to me and I totally did. There's been a couple of weeks ago. The 40th anniversary program from Pawddo Barkin. They showed the leading drivers and trainers from back when they opened in 1964. Pompino and voted that bring back some names. It was scary. It was shocking. Frank out. Frank tear Alex Winger. High school under Dick Fineburg did a good job. If you're looking for some excitement, this is a place to go out to. Pawddo Park racing in poker. Fat Rachel said you who warmed up real big in the third race. Cheer for your horse from the regular enjoy fine dining in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. As you watch the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida. If poker is your game, the match with skills of Pawddo Park's fabulous card room, you have to be over the age of 100 to get in though. Live racing in poker takes place five days a week including today. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Live racing begins nightly at 705. The end of the poker room is open noon till midnight. Every live racing day including today. Coming up this Friday. I don't think so. I think this is the copy from last week. I do believe. Yeah. See Steve Wolf and Troy both screwed up. Last Friday, it missed the second round of the $125,000 Macabel trading series. And this past Saturday, it missed the second round of the $250,000. I like to pay pasting series and free price drawings that were going along with the two. So two bad you weren't there last weekend, but I'm sure there'll be some real good stuff going on this weekend. And I'm sure Troy's there for that. I was just talking about only moments ago. You know Troy. I'm sure he'll get us to new copy before the end of the week because this is old and I'll say. And it's kind of like you are. So we've already embarrassing man. Time to get back to the dolphins. Do something that maybe you have a little bit of talent doing because sales worth that in it. Easy to get the pop at a park. It's just a half mile for both I and I. Five in the turn. Like I said, featuring free admission in free general parking for your V.D. Two. For more information to racing schedule if you want to find out by tourist rat for it. Still has this give me a count call. Pop at a park at 9.7 2 2000 or check them out on the web at pompatopark.com. Don't forget the program opens in noon in just a few minutes and continues to midnight. Live racing tonight 7.05 at prestigious pompatopark. 5. Local 6. 6. 6. Give a shit anymore. No. A day in the life of three Baptists. Hey fellas, let's do something. I feel like doing something. How's about we go shopping with the electric K-mart? That's a good idea. I'm going to make it. What? We can't. Oh no. Because K-mart's doing a promotion on that there. Hercules movie. Put out by. There's name. Oh, right. Wait. I think I got it. Well let's go see the loss of world. That's a rassic dinosaur movie. Oh, that's a crap. I can't let it. We can't. I got it. Because Jeff Goldblum's in that and he used to date Laura D'R. Oh, go there. Look, there's always a baseball game. I like baseball too. Play the mother. What? What? Why not? Because the only game on is the Yankee Game Game Game. So the Snapdragoners didn't do nothing? Yeah, but they're playing the Angel. This name. Can't do. Well, hey, let's watch some TV. And NBC's got third rock from the Sun. NBC's our idol to watch that. We can watch it. Yeah, hey. Go like a mother. We can. Why? Because third rock stars John Licka who was in that butt loose movie with Kevin Bacon. It was in that marital street movie. The river wild and marital was in self-wood with Sharon Kurt Russell and Kurt was in the computer. The computer wore tennis shoes. This name. We can't. Oh, hey, hey, hey. Looking here in the paper. Blue Perry, son and autographs down at the record store. Alright, let's party. We can't. We can't. The group was in the fifth element with Bruce Willis who was in that hard too. John Amos from Good Times who used to live next door to Calvin Klein. Oh, yep. Looks like it's delivering again. Oh, right. Oh, right. Come on. It's still unknown. Miguel will be in this week because he's busy practicing for one Wednesday to see the passion of Christ. He's passionate about Jesus. Huh? Passion about it. Is he really? No. Figures. Anyway, speaking of the FCC business and the excuse that Michael Powell and all these other right wing Nazis are making out that they're a crack and down. Most Americans think the exposure of Janet Jackson's right breast, booby during the Super Bowl half time show was Crasse, but if you believe it's a federal case, this is going to be a MP. An associated press pull on 54% of those surveys said they thought that the act in which singer Justin Tinkerbell snatched off part of Jackson's boosty and revealed her breast dominions of TV viewers was in bad taste. 54% thought it was in bad taste, which means the other 46 thought it was in good taste. Don't say it. Only 18% thought it was in illegal act, which means 82% of America thought it was not in illegal act and it was no big cimmace. The FCC is investigating whether the broadcast vibrated federal and decency laws. According to the poll conducted by the APP for the APP by Epsos Public Affairs, the FCC had suspended time on other things. Nearly 80% of respondents said it's a waste of money to investigate. I can see how parents would want their children to see it and they are forced to have 50-year-old version of Nicholas County in the blood foster and a central part of Kentucky. But investigations are waste of money. Sure, it wasn't very nice, but they're using our tax money for this. Totally cow. Recent pulling found a solid majority about three-fourths who say they would support strict rules on nudity and sexual content on regular TV channels, regular TV channels. Not cable. I guess I should probably read that thing again every day, it's scary. Almost half of the young adults between the ages of 18 and 29 said the Jackson incident was neither illegal or in bad taste. They thought it's a pretty good. They liked it. They tasted right. Tata. Although it is pretty frightening to think that a little more than half 18 to 20, it must have said the opposite. I was terrible. I'll do that again because we can see it on the elsewhere. So anyway, along with the very nude, elicinolano, right? I mean forget about that thing. We got more of that going on. I'm your Rogers.com. Then you can shake your lime. Right. We got the W Rippen Hillies thing off. And he got Russian-serting, again, if you enormous repositories. Oh. God only knows where he's sticking out. It's therapeutic. It's an end. Don't forget that last supper thing. That's a beautiful thing to me. Our website is so good right now. And you have Eric as thank for it. And it's quite a moving in all the other important things that you have to do. He is the best. This week. Tamarach movie theater, super. Not having security to control on really retirees. The signs on a box office window of the Tamarach cinema five. Import customers, not to bang on the glass or make crude comments to employees about ticket prices. Well, what's the Delhi in sunrise where they have security guards because the old Jews go there every Sunday? Puppernix? No, no. It's not a restaurant. It's a Delhi. Oh, what those in the place was a sponsor when I bought one at one at a time? Oh, my goodness. I can't believe I forgot my name with that. And if you could see they got like 15 ankle per our medicine they're working there because the old people are pushing them push carts and knocking each other down and just going crazy in there. Oh, wow. It's a Jew jam in there on a weekend. It's unbelievable. Anyway. You don't remember that place? No. The discount movie theater in Tamarach, the manager described as Patrons as the worst. She's ever dealt with saying they're filthy, remarsely employees in tears. And you wonder why Wolfies went out of business? The offending movie goers aren't the teenagers. Typically, found milling outside theaters across the country. They're senior citizens from the retirement communities surrounding the theater on McNab Road that volatile combination of retirees and unruly behavior recently thrashed the theater in the middle of a nationally televised manslaughter case. Now the movie theater is owner and property manager, find themselves locked in a lawsuit over whether they should be held responsible for possibly millions of dollars for retiree Irving Rosenberg's death. Rosenberg's 74 lives into a coma shortly after Seymour's Seymour's show 69 hit him, causing him to collapse and slime his head on the ground, all of Bobby Ecken's. Authorities led to the 70's, skull fracture, Rosenberg suffered killed him, 16 days later than ever, 24 or 2002. The Rosenberg family's attorney maintains the theater chose to be property owners. And attorney for the theaters owners and property manager called the claims against his clients a joke. Kind of a six joke if you ask me the whole thing. Yeah, because we have a bunch of barbaric old fights. We have senior citizens in South Florida who behave like a bunch of animals man like a bunch of crazy people. Just a huge you went to the movie this week. Oh man. Crazy people. Yeah. In the wrong theater. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, millions of years of history. Oh, oh, I worn that day vä… Oh Scavo, ah oh, oh, oh oh… oh, oh, oh yeah, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, the Century opera writer's glasses, oh, it's belt, oh, oh here, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, yeah, oh hey, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh. oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh brother, Dick Perten 11, Larry Dota, a Lujek 10, Dick Clark 9, Murray the K9, where did me William's 9, then he was from six Bob Collins, six Allen Bird, five, Allen Fried, five, per Boss Grow Anderson, three, JPMC, two Bill Bailey, two brother Weez, two, greaseman, greaseman was on WAP and Jacksonville for about 100 years. Don't remember the greaseman? I remember the story is about him. WDQM, hello. Good morning. How about a Rick D's nut? Rick D's. Okay Rick D's, D-E-S, can he have a D-E-S? Okay, got it, D-E-E-S, Rick D's. Good. Good work. W-Q-M, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Got a suggestion for your poll. Go ahead and. I wish it was somebody in South Florida because I would nominate you, but since I'm not really up to date, I'm a lot of other people that are out there. I'd have to say, Scott Farrell. But he was just in South Florida like only a matter of months ago, sir. Yeah, but he's not here now. No, that's not the question. No, we don't. We just don't want people that worked in South Florida. I mean, I didn't even know Florida. And all of these people in South Florida are going to be here. I mean, he's in South Florida, way to go. I mean, he's in South Florida, way to go. There's things to win in South Florida, not at all. Never worked here. Right. That's a hard one. I know. I'll think about it. 560560 pound, 560 on the 182 men, exception of cousin Bruce. He goes nobody knew him from South Florida. The only place these people know of us, Scott. Well, they know him from ESPN, but primarily recently from QAM. And like I said, I'm Friday. If you wonder why he got you, I can't a QAM. And now you're starting to see all the stuff in Michael Powell. And you can't say this. And you can't say that we're having to delete like over 100 bits already. And that's just for starters from our VCS here. So you won't hear a whole bunch of this. We won't hear tastes like a penny. No, no, no, no. I'll tell you that. No, no. Don't be here, not baby. Or the old sofa. King. Got it. Yeah. Or that. Or this. Or them. Or these. Or those. Because Michael Powell. He don't like it. I can't say anything. We're going to score 25605. You, A.M. 4, 2, 3. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. You, A.M. Two 1988sakahcept Parts You are finally the governor of the world. Now you can do lots of things. Of course you can bring things. We can go into a safe-road chase. You will win the way to save. Not as we do. So what I feel is that you want to maximize us. So what I feel is that I'm not in debt. We will maximize the name of my civil rights. And so what I feel is that I'm not in debt. So what I feel is that I feel that I'm not in debt. The conversation going. There you go. Sorry, but he also is out there by extra girl scout cookies. I'm gonna. If you don't like him, give him a lawyer. It's a little bit of a dumpster. But go on by extra. Give him a me. Instead of being annoyed when he goes to publics and those pain in the ass people are See what bothers me is that they get you coming and going. If I can see that. You go in the supermarket. It's like, well, we have Alzheimer's. We can't remember. There are so many people going in. We're sorry, but we, you know, harassed you. But we're going to harass you again. Come on out. Hmm. See what I'm saying? I don't like that. But in this case, if I were there, I'd buy a whole bunch load. I would just give him a to send like homeless people and sunrise. Or some cheap for old, old, old, old kids. Entente. 670560, pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Other than South Florida, who is your all-time favorite? I don't have to make any inro. I think you and I and Josh and just this three of us. I'm not going to let anybody in. We'll have to figure out the Alexa con. Right. Maybe Boca Brian and maybe here. Well, we can change it every five minutes. Just like the brothers do. Keep it fresh and interesting. The bit sofa king will be sofa queen. Right. I don't think it would even notice. Let's say Jean Shepherd. Now we already got Jean Shepherd. Now I just got through reading Jean Shepherd's got 14 votes. Oh. I just got through reading that. What about Jean Shepherd? Who? Dick Clark Scott 10, where do you be William's 10, where do you be? K9, Dan Ingram's 7, Kimisabi. The Greece man's 7. 5 Collins is a 7. Alan Berg 5, Alan's 10, this is a little bit. In Denver. Her boss, Gratis, and hello again. He's awful. 3, 50, 30, 50, and after that small potatoes. Only two for Bill Bailey. That's shocking to me. I guess we don't have too many people from Louisville. Huh? Where we not? Louisville. Don't ever go to the raceway parking to Louisville, by the way. Not likely. WQM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh yeah, I'm going to another thing for the lift. Go ahead. I'm Tom Donovan from San Francisco from KSAN. OK? And KMPX is pretty much the bad father of old that I'm Underground FM Radio. Alright, thanks a lot. Tom Donovan, you got it? Do I need to tell it for you? Tom Donovan. What about Tom Clay? Tom Clay? Tom Clay from Detroit and Paul Winter. OK, you got his fellow winner? As in some of you all spring lines. This is a summer fall winner spring and Paul Winter and Tom Clay. Two more great Detroit Mattay Detroit. Pretty much the bad father of old that Underground FM Radio. Alright, thanks a lot. Tom Donovan, you got it? Do I need to tell it for you? Tom Clay from Detroit and Paul Winter. OK, you got his fellow winner? As in some of you all spring lines. This is a summer fall winner spring and Paul Winter and Tom Clay. Two more great Detroit Mattay Detroit used to be the epicenter of radio. We're going to go back in the most time days. And then what happened? The riots are 67. See, I do agree with Michael Moran. Many, many things. If I don't want to go there, you know. I don't want to go there. You know. And how come you made it so scared of dark people? You know, those little punks, you know, your little Cuban friends. I would take a very serious baseball back to all of the moon of the old. We all compliment all. I'd like to put in your heads in like a great fruit. Just squash him. Make room for me. OK. W2M. Hello. W2M. M-O-T-H. I'm sorry. 560. 560. I don't like a thousand names on a list by the end of the day. Josh, we don't get to do a little something. I have to answer the phone. Is there any free food there today? No. Josh brought McDonald's for us this morning. Really? Yes. Well, I'll be damned. Wasn't it nice? Why do they try to kill you? Probably. Probably. Let's pass no to 560. Listen, forget about McDonald's unless you're going to leave the bun off. Now, when you go to McDonald's and Burger King, I don't want to go there to the lights. Come here. I don't mean you go there. But I mean, just generally speaking. I wouldn't ring if they have like, they call it Actions or a low car. Because they offer like when he's been doing that for a long time, but you have to export. You don't see it on the menu. The Burger's Actions style would no bun. And they'd like wrap it up and would like to let us around. And they put in a tin foil thing. And that's it. And then, of course, subway's got those little, the rats. I know we don't go to subway either, but it would just be nice if more people would do that. Or not. Get fat and die, who cares? I already am there. Anyway, if you liked that piece of fat, and not please, so fan, you're one of those low carb sugar-free diets. Here's the story that you're going to follow them up with, because they're going to give you the variety to stick with it. The lights, it was both for the number one low carb store in America. More and more South-Lobinians are flocking every day, because they realized that what's going to keep money and die there is the low carb deal. It's something with some taste, because all of the low carb diets generally speak. He gives him a come-and-to-live, and while I would with another edition of America's bond-porty, want to you by the OXI-5 companies, newest at the Medication OXI-MORON-5 for people free teenagers. No, no. That's not true. That's true. It's a little quick, or I'm a tape-white. That's a good show. We've got the worst songs in America, and we're counting them down. Records stories are showing them. For some, I'm not a reason you're buying them, and I'm using them as coasters. First, what reviews are top three songs on the church? And number three, Gungeon Rose is singing sweet count of mine. Well, if I had a count around the house today, I'd have these four works for League of Tires. Flash in his cohorts. Stay by hell with me. Number two, you were who it is. There ain't no rhythm in our perfect world. And especially not for you, you are easy and you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back here. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaming instruments called Rager. It's a cycle on and Ruse. And a number one George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back here. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable things. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable things. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable things. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaming instruments called Rager. And Ruse, that's really accurate. Well, Carb gas. Oh, I thought that's what you got from the low car of guys. A lot of gas. Oh, I got some bad news. Oh. Ready? Ready? Patrick McSurley, no can do a hockey player, Marty McSurley, who will act Donald Bashir on the side of the head. Patrick McSurley, one of the most outspoken victims in the clergy sex abuse scandal, was found dead early Monday and Boston, the ins lawyer said. McSurley, 29, a victim of the Frock Priest John Gagan, had been one of the most vocal critics of the Boston Arts Diases since the sex abuse scandal first broke two years ago. He often appeared at news conferences called by his attorney, Mitchell Gerard Bdien, and criticized the arts crisis where shuffling abuse of priests, including Gagan between perishes, rather than removing them from positions where they would have contact with children. Your obedient city received a call from Boston police early this morning informing him of the McSurley had died. Your obedient wooden comon with cause of death saying not all members of his family had yet been notified. Patrick McSurley was the loving son of Caring Father, he would have victims of 30 sex abuse, Gerard Bdien said. McSurley had a trouble life who was arrested on drug charges in July, less than a month after hitting your lead drowned after falling in the meat in a ponsent river. Boston police wouldn't immediately confirm her story, but a spokesman said they responded to a call of a body founded in the apartment in Boston's North End early Monday morning. So there you go, when I go on Father Gagan, anyone who probably made a call for Father Gagan, he still dead. That's the good news. And the public says, back here, I'm going to run out there to see the passion of Christ, which will be a nice job of deflecting. I'm going to talk about the wild dog wagon of tail again or Harvitt echoes. Take the attention to spotlight off all of this crap that's flown up again. Oh, no, we don't care about that. We want to go see all about Jesus. All of good Catholics go there and rub your rosary beads and take on your schmothas and your miters and your waferes and your wine. Have a good time. All these ridiculous fairy tales that the world is just up and up sest with. Here we've got a country that's been taken over by adventure born again lunatics right wing fanatics who want to take away every kind of freedom who I'm imposed on you all of their narrow myopic view of life. We want to take us back into the dark ages and are doing a very damn good job of it already by the way. And anybody in the right mind wants to give me four more years. Oh, like I said, the operative part of that sentence being in their right mind. No. Shame on you, Ralph. Later you scumbag you in it, even as friends of the nation had an article in their implying him. Don't want to seven and wolf man Jack like I told you, 60 six as in 60 W and B C. And we're W and B C. I heard of it. Yeah. Oh boy, how are you just just the course of my life. I'm not going to start like an old funny that even though I am, but nevertheless watch him. What's happened to this business. Watch him. What's happened to your radio man that instrument that used to be so enjoyable, so much fun, so much a companion, so much a part of everybody's life. And if he's not he's now had their way whatever shows you enjoy or forget about over the year on television, for on a cable. That's where they want to get at next. That's where they want to get their claws into next. I got a muscle heavily. So this is Michael Powell, son of Colin Powell, who helped us in the truth of this lofty position through search and political favors. I'd like to take this moment to talk about the truth that we hear on the radio airways. And something I might even turn the radio on to hear it myself. Sorry, I'd not spend this moment on all radio broadcasters of the nuclear travel corporation, not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty, who owns and giveers of lies. Firing sunning. We'll be script naked and medically sewn together by Dr. Will Remake the Love to a Jewish child. I urge you to stop this simple film, this basic paper by I don't wear Republicans and that's about movement. I'll speak about the film. I'll listen a lot. I'll start naked on our website today. She's our featured nude celebrity. She looks about nine years old. I don't know what I'm here's old. We're talking about nine, like I said. But she's got big boobies for nine year old. I will be right there. Oh, and here's something that probably most people don't care about. I just mentioned this in passing. Now, the WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm a little pissed off. I just need a guy man. Yeah. Why is he sticking his nose again in there and just messing it up for all of the demigrant? He's got a big fat ego is what he's got. That's the problem. You know, I feel like putting my hands through the tube and just grab him by the head and go ahead. Y'all okay. Go ahead. WQAM hello. QAM online one, which always responds doesn't it? No. Like I said, that one. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got five for you list. Okay. Good.