Sorry. Yeah. Have any good starting yet? Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Did you see our ratings in the last book? Yeah, I know what Scott is. You're right. Couldn't possibly be us. What you're back to? What you're going to wake up? No, no, no, no, no. What you're back to? What you're going to wake up? No, no, no. I got enough. I got to think about enough. I didn't write it. And I don't need a rating that the minus ain't. No, yeah. What you're doing? I'm going to send us. Don't get out of waiting a little harder on the guests. You're lost. A real shit gunster girl. There's a lot of preproduces, you know. That's right. What you're back at? Where you will wake up? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What you're back at? Where you will wake up? No, no, no. Oh, brother, I'll let blah, blah, blah, blah. I don't understand. And you can need from a truck while you're in both hands. Everything's at time to be rating small. You just like clicking it on your phone. And it's straight in your flat ass out. I'll take the phone out of you mouth. That's right. What you're back at? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What you're back at? What you're home with? Oh, no, no, no. Listen, what we said? What you're back at? What you're home with? What you're home with? And never ends. It's a QAM boys and girls. It never ends. The hits, the schmits just keep on coming. Yep. Zach gets blown off the morning show, the more Howard David did show. Now did you give me some bum information about that or is that correct? I gave you no bum information. Because he's still there. So you know, but he actually ever gets completely fired a QM. We're talking about this before the show. He's filled every time being a deciller on Joe show, right? What do you mean for the time being? What does that mean? But we're just going to have a replacement lined up. So he's just, you know, he's a lame duck coasted along. Still doing the job until they can find reclaced it. Hey, you better bulk up on that free food in the morning. There's act not the NEA actually encouragement for me, but are really take advantage of that. Because he could see some lean times. He could be doing some lame cuisine for months and years to come. Yeah, I keep trying to tell you folks. You won't believe me. In fact, Gellie was just in the first time I spoke in a Gellie in quite a while before the show. I said, what do you really think about Mo and he said? He's an asshole. Yeah. He wants off that show bad. He wants to be on with his buddy Joe. He only probably has Mo and ready to blow him out yet. He said, I'm not yet. I said, it's not out yet. He said he blew me, but not out. I'm going to leave that pull up there a little while longer. To give Mo a chance to pass an code or another you people are starting to see your little slow on the uptake. You think that it's stick. You think we're exaggerating. You think it's like a personal thing. It's, uh, it's just the fact. It's just true. I've never encountered anybody like this, not just in radio in my life. Everybody is divisive and hateful and obnoxious and can tanker us and whiny and bitchy. And he's like a bitchy old queen is what he is like a bitchy old lady. The moment he do raise the bar. Absolutely sure does. He is just a piece of turd on two legs. First it was, uh, let's see. It was Carolyn and then it was the beast and then it was, uh, and now it's Zach and how many others have been through it. See nobody wants to work with him and nobody is good enough for him. So it's a match made and have a rapper. He's bailing out. He's been on the station as a teenager. I've heard him man. I don't think he's been there 30 years. I think it's more like about. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, he's been there a long time. And he's bailing out because he can't handle the man. It's just, I mean, what kind of crap is this? What kind of a business operation is it when you got one guy who's, uh, finds everybody else is the scapegoat? I don't know what he scapegoat now for the, I guess it's just like anticipatory. Because the book doesn't come out until a week from tomorrow. We're the ones that are going to take it up the ass and that book. It's going to be really bad mid day. We already know that. It's going to be weak. But he's already covering his ass. Just in case he's really weak himself and here because he knows for well got blown out. So that's going to like bring him right back. Now where he belongs in those two and three sheer numbers. So now let's have blow out Zach. He's not good enough for me. And he, uh, I want my own producer. I want somebody dedicated to this show. I don't want somebody who hangs around with Joe Rose. And his on all these other shows. I want somebody who's going to do the more Howard David intro. And be dedicated to me and give me the best cests. And do all of those good stuff. And maybe we're super star that I really should be. Oh, look at that. He just had to hand colder. All right. Nice going guys. All right. Oh, what a piece of craft man. And the, and the bad part, the worst part of the whole deal is that our impotent management. They just kind of like lay back like in La La Land and let him just one rough shot over everybody else's life. They don't give a crap. And because Zach who happens to be a good guy by the way, even though he's gigantic and fat. Because of the fact that he's not part of, parents' inner circle of boyfriends there, that's the reason that he can get blown out. And he's going to be looking for another job. See, unless it's Robert Greeper or the beast, I mean, you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in here because that's Clarence's bunk butt buddies. That's his boyfriends. And so he'll go to great lengths to protect them and move them around from one show to one other show to make sure that they stay on a payroll like Sam. Things like that. And Donnie B. Oh yeah, there's people that have been in a building in five to seven years. They're still on the payroll there. You wonder why the beesleys are crapping in their pants? It's the Greg Reid, a few can wait. So anyway, I guess we can give the results to yesterday's pool now that we finally got Moa hopped ahead of Anne Coder on there. And deservedly so. Pull a question, why? Politicians excluded what well-known living person would you love, what well-known living person's grave would you love to dance on? A lot of dancing going on. I'll tell you that. Rush Limbaugh wins. I mean, there is nobody like Rush. He wins hands down your old pantalones, hands in the old pill jar man. There's nobody even close. On the bow over 100. On the against the anxious old lady. He's in a league of his own. 334 votes. They'd love to dance on your grave. Rush, you hypocritical fat turd burger you. OJ Simpson 207. Now in previous days, I guess before the pill incident, I think OJ muddle like come out on top. Don't you? Oh yeah. Moa Howard David and like I said, hopped right over Anne Coder. They're all well-changing again on me. He better not fall back. Uh-oh. Now they're in a frenzy. Oh yeah, now he's pulled away. Now that they heard about what he did to Zach. He's pulled away. Nice going crowd. 107 for the moment, a strong third. And Coder would briefly take in a five-volt lead before they got that latest information. And Coder 101. Pat Robertson 69, Louis Ferrecon 60, Jerry Falwell 55, Rick Snatches. 45 people would like to dance on your grave, Rick. Delo Rally 44. He's right on Rick's ass. And boy, that's the same a lot. Rosio Donald 42, Michael Jackson 34. Yours truly, Neil Rogers 31. Alright, 31 you'd like to dance on my grave. Let's have a party. Jesse Jackson 24. Greg Reed 18. I can imagine if more of our audience really knew who Greg Reed was. He could give the Russia run for his mother. Just the inspected building votes. Right. Mike Tyson 15, Owing North and the Howard Spurmeach have 13. Sean Hannity 12. The on Sanders and Martha Stewart have 10 of peace. Rosanne Bar 9, the big O. Oh, oh, oh. The big O. He's got 9. Chuck has to need Bob Novak 7, P.D. Rose 6. I got, I said I wasn't going to talk about Pete Rose. I lied. I got a story about him. Oh, man. From the Washington post by Tom Boswell. I Tom Bosley, but Tom Boswell is so good. If you don't hate Pete Rose yet, you will. I finished reading it. Bob Novak 7, P.D. rose and P.D. Bolder 6. See they got the two P.D. together. Three votes for Tammy Faye Baker. Moriah Carey Lary King Don I'm as Kobe Bryant. Oh, God, Boot and Denver last night. Big time. Don King, three of these for each of them. And Nicole Smith and Michael Savage to a piece. One vote for Mad Drog. Miss Fudge. They don't know who you are. Miss Fudge. They have no clue. Because if they did, no use to hate you. I put him right there behind Moe's. Matter of fact on my personal list. Hmm. She Gordon Litty one. George Will won. And Laura Ingraham out of 13 every 16. Voshe's got the big. And I bet you there a lot of guys out there would like to give her the big. Oh, I think I just keep the mouth shop or keep something in it. I don't know what you're looking for. What is this thing that you just three famous birthdays today? Soupy sales turns 78. Let's send soupy all the dollar bill. What do you say? Okay. Let's open up. Daddy's wallet and pull out a dollar bill and send it to soupy. Bob you banks. I can't stand Bob you banks with a stiff neck. He's got 66. He always look like he's got a Nick brace on. Everyone who doesn't. Yeah. First of all, I can't stand the newlywed game of all. That to me is the word show that's ever been on here. They get the most stupid. They get people who are rejects from Jerry Springer. Yeah, but they had the best outtake in the world on that show. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. They in fact they showed it just a couple of days ago. Right. Well, maybe not. Yeah, I know what you're saying when she said in the ass. I know exactly what you're talking about. Bob you bank 66. And the king, no not Larry talking about Elvis. So we can hear all Elvis all day. Looks like an angel. What is looks like an angel? Is that an Elvis song? I got Elvis here somewhere. We got some here. You want it? No. Oh, I got Elvis up the ass here, man. Which is illegal in Broward County, but I got it right here. What is this song? Looks like an angel. Looks like an angel. See they're using lures. What is that song? With an angel. A angel. A guy in disguise. Angel on disguise. Is that the eye of someone? Before my time. Oh. Well, I got Elvis all up the ass, like I said. If it's over QL. That's enough. Okay. So the happy birthday to king and the soupy sales and Bob you like. So Zack is the latest to fall on the morning. We're David and Joe. They just fall in like flies on there because nobody is good enough. And guilty wants off of their real bad. We saw that. Hold that bit. Yeah, watch your back. Zack isn't that something work. We'll be a little special to be fair enough for a long time. That wasn't based on, you know, we just pulled that out of our ass. We heard the rumbling back then. Absolutely because, you know, the loot is always looking for escape goat. Nobody is ever got enough to work with the the moment. They might have to bring somebody in from out of the market for both the producer and from a co-op. Maybe on the rover can find somebody on Mars. That's good not to work with them. Oh, man. Maybe they'll find somebody in the getto. Very arraka. Oh, that rock. Oh, that rock. Oh, that rock. Oh, that rock. Oh, that rock. Our audience hates Elvis. So I don't know what they'll do. And but that fact inspired us. I just feel some good time. Anyway, we had over 13 episodes on Edpool plus 401 on the first one about the one or two hour, which we should Mid-Chand officially yesterday. So that's over 70 never in the same day. And I expect tack at our response on at the George W thing that we got on there on our website. If you haven't see it, it'll keep you off the streets for us. It's the old time best. You'll be punching buttons and the crunch and pressles. It'll be great. From an attempt to 10, another contract Tom's with Mohara David a day because he just never stops giving you all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. That's him, man. He's got slime written all over that piece. Just a, you're a piece of crap, Mo. How many more lives do you want to screw up today? How many more people do you want to stick it in there and they're butt? You're a good one to talk about fags, man. It's all you want to do is stick it in guys butts. And you've been doing it, man. And even Carolyn, he stuck it in her butt. And Greg wasn't too happy about that. Problem at it's after 10, it's probably almost a silent solvus in his like a. Problem at it's past 10 at five, six. You just wait till I'm back there, man. I'm going to raise some a whole week. Hell and I got to him play some. I'm so sick and tired of the kind of garbage in the weeks. It's like the school of the week sisters there. But so wimpy and so afraid and we're afraid of Greg and we're afraid of this one. And afraid of our own shadow. And most of it will get us fired. Be afraid. Yeah, exactly. And they are. They sure are. Let's see, mow is up to 110 on there. I love the fact that Polis still sitting there for a little bit. Let it sit there until it gets about 5,000 votes. Visual piece of crap. Everybody in that building hates you like poison mow. In fact, Duff said he thought it would be a great idea. Let him run his own board and his own phone. And just be the only one in the building when he's on 5, 8. Everybody can evacuate. You know, did it in job? Zach? Underpaid? Well, New Year's resolutions don't just happen. You got to put plans into action and emotion. Put the motion. No, chance. Get. Pick up the photo call fast train now at 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. Classes start in January, which is like right now. If you're committed and dedicated fast train can assist you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months. That's right. I've taken your new high pan career in only four months. The demand for certified computer professionals is in all time high. And fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes. Job placement as systems and financially for people who qualify too. So pick up that instrument right now and call fast train at 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. Be sure and tell them that the anxious top dread told you to call. Check fast train out on the way with fast train.com. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year to really change your life for the better Call 1, 8, 6, 6 fast train. This year make your new year's resolution and reality with our friends at fast train. And look all this is for your high city. Where you am. Up the button. Who's the murderer? What's the crack they played on the whole? That's power. Oh god, the kids today don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? Oh can you listen. I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Boy, am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? Do you go be how he? Hey, there's nothing to put in it you can from you bow. Oh! No, no, no. You're so a fessel. Okay, that's it. You're all fighting. You've passed through with the movement that's you. Listen, I'm a, you're a fighting. You'll be that goes for you too. You who I am, I'm a king of power. I came down here after losing my job to be a big fish. In a little part. Do. When they kicked me off the asphemy, they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys and would advise them to do so. And they'd love a nice, cool, rude, gentle fire. That best he laid the Louis Mines. I got them. You're a fire. And I hope that just goes like dice. I hope you die. I hope you're all dying. I'm a big fish in a little plump to see you. I think fish in a little plump. Do you know what I'm saying about you? I'm a big fish in a little plump. I think they did a little pot. Yeah! What is going to be my end to end? Oh, look, look at it. Look at it. Look at it. Walk like an angel. Walk like a angel. Talk like an angel. But I got a boy. See, the reason we couldn't find the angel in disguise is because they'd know they'd saw me and I knew there was no sight song. You're the devil. Oh, I got a boy. See? I think he's like that. I got some songs that he didn't even record yet. Yeah. He's still working on like that one at the, at least in Germany. That went to the top of the charts. What was that awful song? Conversation. Yeah. A little less conversation. A little masturbation. A little palpitation. A little crepitation. See, the reason I can't remember songs titles like that anymore is because. All I can think of is the bit title. I see. That's wrong. Anyway, a bad news to start. We'll get it out of the way. Because Americans, we don't want to hear no bad news, no more. A US Black Hawk military helicopter came down near the volatile town of Feluca, west of Baghdad, to the killing all nine people on board. US Military said first it said eight. I think the store in our websites is eight, but now it's nine. Helicopter made an emergency landing near Feluca, the were four past years and five crew members on board. No survivors of military spokeswoman said. She said the Black Hawk was on a medical evacuation mission. When it came down, noted tells that the passenger she didn't know was hit by enemy fire. And anti-American insurgents fired mortar rounds at a military camp, killing one of American soldier wounded 34 others. Around 645 last night at logistical base sites west of Baghdad. So there you go. They keep on dropping like flies over there. And the public is a boomer like that. Look at that. That was up again. Yeah. Once that Michael Jackson threw out. And all the other crap. There's no point because like I said, you're preaching the choir. And now this whole dean thing is looks like it may come on rambling at the last second or big time to have been attacking and the new Republican Dorses Jewelieberman. This is just really staggering. I mean, it must be doing real big mushrooms over there. It's unbelievable. On a more positive note. 4 issue. Let's begin to devilish this guy's what a perfect day. If I were one of them believe in folks. If I were a man of the cloth, so to speak. If I really believed in hell, there's a special place in hell for you, Mo. Make no mistake about that. You make people, you look like a good Samiratin. By comparison. And that's saying a lot. Yeah. Because he's the assassin. But you make him look like a piker like a beginner. Like a Sunday school kid. And the antics that you and of course, Muff comes in and plays stupid. Oh, he farts that coffee show. All of Clarence didn't tell me that. I guess maybe he was like sleeping. There was probably a little bit of pillow talk going on. There might be a, you know, one in one ear and out the other ear. I said. We're going to add 115 votes for the moment on there right now. Somebody who they like to dance under is grave. I'll tell you one thing. You'll have to push me out of the way. And it won't be easy. No, I got first dibs on that. I'll be dancing up a storm on. I'll be doing the mashed potatoes on his grave. But if we decide what I'm going to do is eat a bunch of mashed potatoes before I do it. Then drop a load on his tombstone. You piece of crap. In fact, you know, I'm going to eat a whole bunch of tombstone pizza. Oh, that'll do it. And I think that'll come you all up. Anyway, speaking of food, here's the fact that says heard you talking about the new subway Raps and they're great, but I found an even better solution to my new low carb Dances. You know, the low carb thing. Now, I saw a piece on one of the news cast last time out of the CBS news. And every damn restaurant that's ever come down to Pike now. I don't think it was Applebee's, but it was one of those similar kind of things. And now even McDonald's and Burger King are they're mulling over like I told you about the subway thing. Do you want to low carb menu? Anyway, it's as I found it even better solution to my low carb Dive Blimpi. Oh, I hate Blimpi's. Oh, I can't remember the last time we were the first one. Yeah. Blimpi's is come out with a new low carb menu that's got sandwiches and wraps, but unlike somebody, they've also got low carb chips. The Zura's a great zero carb brownie and even low carb drink. Like I said, I love Blimpi's. It says I'm kind of new to low carb things. So when I went to subway, I found the other, I was in the rat. They don't have anything else baked, lays, have 25 grams of carbs for God's sake. Oh, yeah, don't be eating them. Tater chips, new. Oh, yeah, I had a low carb rack with a bunch of, I think it chips. No, that's not going to cut it. It says that Blimpi had a lot more choices. And the food was awesome. Give it a try. It's my feet. Thanks, Michael. Give it a shot. The fact maybe when I'm there, Blimpi's will bring in some low carb stuff. Although we don't want no food, but let me say. Anyway, for the passions crowd, I just looked on their website. I don't know what possessed me to do that. The power of Christ. I'm a day ahead here with a global hazard day ahead. Let's see, Thursday, January, the eighth K-Learns of activities deal with death. I saw that yesterday. Simone John Reese and Jessica, which said isn't the real Reese. That's his twin brother, the actor. Prepare for a ski trip. An alustrist, a place with a progressives plan. Good old alustr. Tomorrow, K demands that Ivy get her Miguel. Gwen is suspicious of Ethan and Sheridan is at peace with baby Martin and Irarms. Well, that's going to really be something because she's in a straight jacket. And they got her locked in the old nuthouse again. Monday, Whitney comes face to face with Chad and next Thursday, a week from today. Louise sneaks in the seat. Sheridan. Oh, right. He's in the loony bin. At the direction of her father, Alustr. We never, we have a character around passions that you never see as face. Okay. Let me see the back of his head and usually his suit. So he's a big fat chubby hands always with a cigar, a lit cigar. It's just partly in San Diego show. You have to be there. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT and Teal. Look at that one 16 for Moe pulling away from Ann Coder. Like she's laying still. Here's today's pool. I love this pool. I was inspired by that one bit that Boca Brian bit. Which one isn't that one? Oh. In what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers? Now if you don't know what a goober is and when I'm talking about the ones he eat at the movies. If you don't know what a goober is, then you're not qualified to vote on this polar participate. Okay. In what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers? Who put the goober in Goobin' a toilet? That's another bit that he's got there in there for an about that. What is that? Teal has to not see. Oh yeah, let's play that soon. I'm sure we're going to get you. I'm sure we're going to get you. I'm sure we're going to get you. I'm sure we're going to get you. I'm sure we're going to get you. Tampa. That was my first choice by far. I mean, I can't. You just have to really search high and load a fine. Anyway, even looks like they've got all the right parts to be qualified to be human and Tampa. It's really bizarre. Tampa, which is strange because they got those good restaurants in like Bernstake house and Donna Telo's and a lot of good the eats over there, but I guess mostly the tourists are even. Nashville. You'll just love Nashville. And the George votes for Jacksonville. Those are the first three. Been through there, drove through Duval County real fast many years ago. Never stopped. Never stopped for a snack or two or like a little verbal intercourse. Here's the fact that says early this morning, Mo accidentally said, Bob, I've heard man. When referring to how many complete games of baseball player from the black sauce had, thought it would make a good drop straight out of the horses ass. Happened around five o'clock or so. Well, we got bigger Fritsch a fryer with mode today because he blew Zack off the morning show for Zack ain't good enough for him. Nobody is good enough for the moment. And the ironic part of the whole deal is the one that wants off there, the worst. Well, Robert Creeper wants off to, which is why he's leaving the station soon, but the one that wants off there desperately the worst is guilty, and he don't want to blow him out yet. I asked guilty this morning. He don't want to blow you and he said no. So that was he'd blow me out. That's exactly what he said. Come on, Mo blow guilty out of there. He wants to be back with his buddy Joe in a way from your smelly ass. He's tear to looking out your bag twice the morning, too. 26 past 10 at five 60 WKM. I just can't outweigh to be back with all my close personal friends in it. Oh, man. The atmosphere, the ambiance and that building. Feel the love. Feel the love. I'm feeling it now. Oh. So is Zack actually still in a building? The pop is head and there or what? What's the need? I don't know if he's here right now. No, but I'm sure I heard him there toward the end of Joe show. He popped his head in the beginning when you played the bit. Well, there you go. So he's still around. He'll be there. He'll be okay. Actually, what to deal is he's not going to be on the payroll. No, nobody's going to be allowed to come in and eat the free food every morning. So that's okay. So he cares about anyway. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from financial group to benefits are incredible. Like I said, zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mirror. If you have been 34 bucks a month. If you have you a 200 thousand dollar loan, your payments are only 608 a month. The note for you. Once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you will never pay closing costs again. So find out all about it by calling 1-800-9-4-0-0-0-8-Morgadia-0-0. And then move to your next property with any further cost expense. Zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get the new low rate financing. It's just 1.25%. Would the only one mortgage from financial group. For the tales, you know what to do call 1-800-9-4-0-0-1-1-Never, never pay closing cost again. The financial group at 1-800-9-4-0-0-n-v-1-2-0-n-m that the fashionable Todd Dreck told you to call. There will be an equal housing lender restrictions apply. Rate something to change monthly 4.21-APR. 5-10 local fees fees $560. The rate goes on your home. You a-m! Spiderman home, Spiderman home, cuts the down view of Spiderman home, and he looks really weird with long hair and beard he was hiding just like a mole. Take a sip, smell the stench, you might almost think you French is facial hair is not so nice check your carefully for life. A.U. There goes the great sedan. And look at him, look at him, he's pushed. They were looking for weapons of massification. Oh, that was anyway. They showed this on CNN a little while ago. A foul crime was caught on tape and Columbus, how you really have to see the video. Let me show it all day. A foul crime, a man dressed in a bright yellow chicken suit, robbed a croaker grocery store. He has thought it. Oh, and he's it? Yeah. It says the suspect flew the coup before the police could pluck it. Oh, but the crime was captured on a store surveillance tape. You'll be seen it. Just turn your TV on, even on Discovery Channel, we'll be on there all over the place. National Geographic, it'll be everywhere. All those lines laid a neck. We can put the new pull up there. We'll be adding lots to it. I'm sure because there's so many redneck e. Or goober places until a little time. Speaking of goober, I actually like the non-perrels myself. Yep. To pull my, to pull your cavities out. Sure. Because you can't go to the movies without you getting a big huge tub of utter popcorn or preferably some real good sweet candy. But they have ours cookie. No, pile down. Jew-Jew beans, right? Jew-liberman likes them. Jew-Jew beans. Jew-liberman endorsed by the new Republic. That is shocking, man. It's enough to make you want to just burn that thing. Anyway, we can change the pull air. Anytime you get around with air spin just working up a storm. Feverously. Nice going, Eric. Thank God for you, man. He's no boner boy. Thank the Lord. Alright. This article by Tom Boswell and the Washington Post. And I said we wouldn't talk about it. It's very long too. I'm going to read the whole thing. It's long. Too bad. In fact, it'll be a two-parter. Rose owes Sport more than hollow confession. The Hitt King is heard baseball badly. No sign to squaste Star-tually reform. He said that's those of the 85 headlines. Before you forgive Pete Rose for stealing the China, you should always count the silverware. And before baseball, let's rose into the hall of fame. Much less back into a big league dugout. He should do more, much more than ask us to take his word that he's a changed man especially. When his confession after 14 years of lies, arrives between hard covers with the promise of piles of money for rose, and most tellingly when Rose cannot bring himself even now even once to see an honest heartfelt I'm sorry. Rose is finally told to truth, but he still hasn't seen the truth that his sins go far beyond gambling on baseball games, and that his contrition must go far deeper than any TV court or book excerpt of available so far. And of course today's the book is being released. They're making the big semis tonight. At the most elemental level, Rose owes the profoundest of apologies to the sport itself which he injured badly, and he needs to get down on his knees if not literally then figuratively to those like John Dowd, who got the facts right in their investigation, he had even dirt more than a decade of lying accusations from Rose and every media venue he could grab. Before fans grant their forgiveness or commissioner, Bud Seedig decides whether Rose should be reinstated to the sport, perhaps we should listen to a story told by former commissioner, Fave Vincent. When Rose was a player he went to Japan signed a bad endorsement contract, collected 100 grand in cash and put it in the suitcase so he could sneak it in through customs without paying US taxes. Rose was caught, but the story never got out, no charges were filed. A few years later, Rose's bad contract expired, he went back to Japan, got another 100 grand in cash, put it in the suitcase, maybe the same one, and tried to give it through customs again. Pizz Vincent said on Monday, imitating the sound of a buzzer going off, they caught Rose again, now the feds were really live at a two-time loser they wanted to indict him, but he had a good lawyer who got him off, nobody found out nothing happened to Rose, those are facts you can quote me. So when you look at Rose today, you have to realize word fault two, as Vincent, we teach great athletes their whole lives that they're above the law, we create the monster, then we have to go out and deal with it. Only a man who was lived by his own version of the law, or no laws at all could make his hollow and attentive confession, and rest of the Tussnese Rose has, one book excerpt to appearance for celustrated this week, should be enough to make any person of conscience which is never included Rose's C-read. Once you send something like this to the printer, you have to live with it, no rewrites next week, paid if a ghost wrote it, it's still yours. Im sure that I'm supposed to act all sorry or sad or guilty now that I've accepted what I've done, but something wrong, but you see, I'm just not built that way, Rose, let's leave it like this, I'm sorry it happened, I'm sorry for all the people fans and family of her, let's move on. No, let's stay right here, right at time, abos, well, let's do a little exeges, exeges, how do you say that? I don't know. Of the text as the old time hellfire preachers used to say, Rose says he's not built to act all sorry or sad or guilty, well if he can't even act that way with his whole future hanging in the balance, we can be sure he's incapable of actually feeling that way. Our prisons are full of people who aren't built to feel remorse or guilt or sorrow at the damage they've done, the set of two is a pathology, peat not a bragging point. Even more chilling as Rose is using the word it twice instead of I, the truly contred person would instinctively say, I'm sorry I did it, and that I heard people and said, Rose says that it did the damage, and what is it? Well, it is the investigation, the exposure of his gambling with scandal, and in other words like any unrepentant scoundrel, he's mostly sorry that he got caught, he still hasn't come to terms with the deed itself. The more Rose talks, the more he exposes rather than redeem himself, during the times I gambled as a manager I never took an unfair advantage, I never bet more or less based on injury's or incite information, I never allowed my way used to influence my baseball decisions rights Rose, so in my mind I wasn't corrupt. That's like a bank robbery asking for parole because he didn't scare the tellers. In another episode from his book Rose admits to placing bets on baseball games four or five times a week, I never bet against my own team never made any bets from the clubhouse, but the latter assertion was disputed yesterday by two of his... Reputed betrunners. Tommy Joyosa, who once shared a house with Rose and Paul Jansen, both said Rose routinely placed wedges from his clubhouse office. I just wish he'd come clean with everything Joyosa said, I just wonder if he'll ever tell a whole story. Baseball has only one cardinal rule, you can't gamble on the game in any form, ever. It's posted in every clubhouse, everybody down to the densest rookie understands it. If he takes drugs and become an alcoholic, that's entirely different. It's a personal problem, you deserve and get rehab. But if you gamble on the game, let alone good lord bet on the team you're managing, you stand a dagger into the heart of the game's competitive credibility. Yet Rose and this damning attempted rationalization shows how the mind of an egotist and amorless works. Rose set up a completely different code in his own mind, so we could get around the rules that apply everybody else in baseball. This isn't how you get reinstated. This is how without knowing it, you make the case against reinstatement. Mercy should always be the order of the day, but in this case balanced against enormous skepticism. This week America will talk about Rose, now baseball's all-time leader in both hits and lies, but we ought to be talking about Vincent, doubt, and a Bartlett Jemadi, men who paid a high price to dig out a hard truth and stick by their guns. But the sinner gets to headline, doesn't he? The prodigal son gets the feast what allows he parable. Perhaps, dependable story this week isn't that Rose finally admitted what we all knew that in one season he'd bet down, on more than a third of all the games in the majors. The tale that matters a parable in its own right is that for 14 years in the face of sentimental public opinion, a legion of pedapologist and attacks on the games leaders baseball didn't buckle. The sport kept the scoundrel where he belonged out of the game. Now we'll see if Seelig, who gets high grades for his consistency for a decade, can stand one final test of character from Rose. With millions of fans chatting for give, we'll see Leic Demand that Rose show true contrition and Jemadi's words, reconfigure his life rather than merely reshape his image with a book tour. So far, Vincent doesn't see any signs of reconfigured Rose' life, in fact he says, there's every evidence that Rose's still a conspicuous gambler. We were misguided in 1989, we just thought he would be contrite. It just wasn't in him. I wish he was more contrite even now. For Vincent, the story of Rose is always ultimately a story of money. He's always been struggling because of his gambling. His decisions are usually acts to protect his financial situation. He wouldn't admit he gambled on baseball because he was afraid it would cut off his baseball relative income said Vincent. Now he's writing this book for the money. Why don't some of the profits from this book and account of how he damaged baseball? Go back to baseball, say that some of the indigent Negro League players. What you're seeing now are economic calculations. It's all about him coming back financially. It would be scandalous to allow him back in the game if what we've seen so far as an indication is lack of contrition. How could he trust him in any capacity? I can take a lot, but that would be beyond the pale Vincent said, let's wait a couple of years and see how he behaves. Baseball shouldn't roll over for this, but I'm afraid C.D. will play with the gallery. Tom Boswell says, let's reserve judgments. See the whole book, the interviews, the whole nine yards, but the bar for reinstatement. It's never been granted. Shulest Joe Jackson or any other player band for life should be said very high so far. Rose has done very little to help himself through that hurdle. He's a scumbag like I've been saying. How do you like that story about the 100 ran in the suitcase? Why? That's a good story and even though I don't care about him. Yeah. That's intended the length of the kind of cast sounds like the governor's wife. Right. Smuggled stuff in through customs. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, you're not bush bashing again, Ari. Yeah. Twenty to eleven at five sixty WM. Hey, let me tell you right now. If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy, you're back. I'll be the first part of your body to let you know because if you don't get a good night's sleep, you feel like crap. Well, there's nothing to prove your idilly health that you're well being in productivity better than getting that great night's sleep. How do you do it? You make the one easy call I have been doing for years to dial my interest at one 800 mattress. Resolve yourself as part of your new year's resolutions to have a better night's sleep every night in 2004 by calling dial a mattress. Celebrate the new year in real comfort with the new mattress and dial a mattress. You can call them right now. Dial a mattress is proud to have added Stearns of an antis foster to the already strong championship lineup. Stearns in foster. He would as the finest mattress made in America. And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by just making that easy call. One 800 mattress and of course dial a mattress carries all the top names. They got them. Seally service Simmons King Quarth and repeating. Two is from dozens of models at low every day on beatable discount prices. And only dial a mattress like you choose that to our delivery window that's convenient for you that meets your schedule any day seven days week from eight in the morning till 10 at night. With low prices same day delivery free setup and mobile. That's easy to see why dial a mattress is unbeatable. So do the smart thing even a dummy's at QM are doing it too just about everybody call 1 800 mattress and ensure yourself a great nice sleep for months and years to come 1 800 MATT RES around line you know where to go. It's mattress.com You're supposed to be a 5 C. You a M. It's time to get it on. Tonight on MSNBC CNN CNBC and hot news it's continuing coverage of the only two stories we think matter Michael Jackson and the Middle East. I think Wago Jaco needs to stop sleeping with kids. Well, I think those terrorists need to stop low and stuff up. Help us issues directly affect your life. But none more than Michael Jackson and the Middle East. That's the latest from Neverland Ranch. Now back to the studio with more on the Middle East. The finest reporters, the most trusted anchors and scores upon this uncommon takers all focused on a wide range of crucial world events. As long as it's that moonwalking where the head of the towel headed quick when we come back are exclusive interview is the down we sane. We'll find out what he thinks about Michael Jackson. Whether it's in depth speculation on a suspected pedal file or detailed assumptions about a blow that bust catch all two of the top stories tonight. Exclusively on every K-L-New Channel. If it's not about Michael Jackson or the Middle East, it's not news. Alright. 1045 at 560 WDQM. We got a few votes on it. Pull even though we only have three names on it so far. 39 votes. In what American city will you find the highest percentage of goobers? Nashville 17. Jacksonville 11 and Tampa's only got nine. That really pisses me off. I voted for Tampa and you voted for Jacksonville. Right. Jacksonville. And I mean time, John Asheville's on top. Well, Nashville's certainly a good choice. I don't problem with that after that month I spent there in 1980. What a place. You just got a lot of Nashville. Real. 560, £60, £50, £60, all the AT&T advice and wireless line. WQM, hello. And you know how much can you do? Gainesville never been there. Good choice. God, horrible. Oh yeah. Have a good one, Neil. And thank you so much. It really is, huh? Oh yeah. Even with that magnificent university there. All them Gators. Watch just in the middle there. Okay. I'll take your words. They're they're called locals. £560, £560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Local locals and speaking of locals. That woman who claims she lost the winning mega millions lottery. Taking the suing to block payment to the announcementer said that she would charge previously with credit card fraud and assault. They just showed her mug shots there on CNN. What is it about her past run-ins with a law? Elisha Battlesense, she was charged but not convicted. I'm done with that. You said I paid the fine that's the end of the story. Makes me look like a bad person. Everybody has bad in the past. No. I'm not even worried about that. We like never did no jail time for that. So, uh, and then they try to find out. That's exactly what we turned into. For the gross thing, all over again. Yeah. Oh, come on. Can't ever come over to suit case with 100 grand. Just £162 million she was trying to scan. Right. £560, £560, £560. £18. Verizon Wireless Line. And what I love is the fact that, well, they're double checking her story. Right. Like anybody couldn't just memorize the five numbers when they write them in the paper the next day and say, Oh, well, here they are. Even wrote them down. Yeah, but she did. WDQAM line will be working. If you're not there, say hello. You're the one you know. Good morning. Yes, sir. Speak to me. Hi, Sally. WDQAM. Hello. Hi, is he all right? Speaking. Hi. Yeah. I'm just wondering, are you still recording other Toronto these days or? Am I recording out of Toronto? Yeah. We'll get a lot of you here. We're recording out of Toronto. Yeah. What? This is a recording. The show? No. I'm not recording anything. But you did last year of this time. Did you not? Did what? What you? Didn't you just stay in the hotel in Toronto and do you show from there? I never did my show out of a hotel in Toronto. Okay. All right. Hey, when you're show, thanks. Okay. Thanks a lot. Do I do my show out of a hotel in Toronto? This is a recording. I do have some leaf games. I do have some leaf games. The one TV. I'm old leaf games. That is old. The 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Horizon wireless line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I have a tower for you. Okay. I'll rather small town. That's okay. Loots. Loots is excellent. I might even play the chronic from Loots today. That's my opinion. I'm not guilty. Thank you so much, Mike. And have a nice day and quit drinking some. Stand up straight like a man, Mike. Come on. He's the WC Fields of Radio, Mike Disney, with a flashing red nose. In fact, it borrow his nose at the Christmas time for Rudolph for Rudolph. Right. 5605 for Eric Rudolph. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. We got to build this list here. We're going to start getting some serious votes. I didn't know we were going to be allowed to leave a little podo town. Why not? We'll get loaded up. It's in Water American City. Now, Loots. I don't know if Loots is sitting up for you. City, but we're not going to nitpick about it. I think it pick. We can have a list of a thousand different names on here. What do I care? Okay. So, Eric will have a lot of work to do. Big deal. Keep more from your refrigerator. Just like, uh, what's a name and recommend for a dream. Just like Sarah Goldfarb. It'll keep more from your refrigerator. But I haven't put locks on it. We're even locks in it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Keyway in. There's nobody there. Keyway in. Hello. Mo, how are favorites? I picked. Thanks for the bulletin. Oh, that was, that was Zach to win a voice. That is so, that is so sweet. So, that is so scandalous and so outrageous. It's not unbelievable. It's very believable. But just outrageous. And the fact that the middle and upper level management people in our radio station just to allow him to run rough shot over everybody's life will comes along, including some really good people. It's just unacceptable. I mean, if this is a guy that really brought a lot to the table, which he doesn't. If he had gigantic ratings, if he brought in enormous amount of revenue, if he was popular in the community, if he did such a sensational job on the dolphin games, they really would forget about Rick Weaver and Dull's infre, none of the above. All of them are. He feels the test on every one of those. The fact is he's got a hot shot attorney who is keeping his career going through threats and blackmail basically as what it boils down to. And as a result, they just, you know, it reminds me of Rebecca on passions. I want you to call it. Frisola Sheridan's assets right now, Julian. No matter what he wants, he's got. She's holding that thing over. Julian's head about him and Eve. And so as a result, if every instance is other blackmail, you know, okay, whatever you say to him. Come on, Pookie. Now, seriously, do you think when Moe wants something done, he goes to Gregons' well listen, Pookie, I want you to do this. I think he says that. I think he calls it junior. What's his obsession with Pookie? WQAM, hello. See you don't watch that show, see you just don't get it. Yes sir. Yes sir, you know, regarding the article yesterday, there was a well-written article, but I do take exception the one thing. Yeah. When the writer said that he compared Al Qaeda to, you know, what's the story? I'm going to call me on Monday, would it seem so in advance about another article I read? No. Okay. All right. I think it is. All right. Neil. This is Al Qaeda has killed about 5,000 people. Yeah. That's September 11th. And you know, this is more that, you know, these guys as they have a chance, they know, they'll get out there and do a dirty part. So what's your point? I don't understand. What does he disagree with? Well, the guys comparing them to the mafia. This is a terrorist organization that needs to be dealt with every day. Yeah. So what are we going to start doing it? Well, that's well. What do they have to do with Sodom who's saying? What do they have to do with their rack? What do they have to do with the nine Americans that died last night in this morning? Well, I believe that Sodom is saying would have hooked in with these guys. Oh, sir, please, what are not going to start wars based on your crystal ball? He would have hooked in with these guys. He had plenty of opportunity to hook in with these guys. They're violent enemies. Okay. They got different the head gear, all right. I think that guy would have. Yeah. Look at him. Oh, I mean, these people, I think he would have done this and would have done that. Sir, you're one of those people. One of those bush-lickers who would rationalize anything. There's no dealing with people like you because you would rationalize anything that their fewer would do to make it palatable to all of our rest of us. And then we're not buying it. We're not buying it. We're not buying his lies. You're lies in your crystal balls. Okay, sir. That's the same guy to call Monday. Yeah, yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Nobody cares. Vote from five times if you want to okay. Go right ahead. We just don't want to be bored by your redundant horse crap. All right. We'd rather hear Elvis records. Happy birthday, Elvis. Have another cheese. What is this song? Oh. This is what kind of a roast is this? What is this? That's I know the song, but... Oh, that's not certain of the key. Is that a strange rendition I've never heard that? Neither. That was unbelievable. Okay, that's enough. Let's keep these calls going. We need more of Goobers like that last guy. He's a Goober. WQAM, hello. But $250, you get to see Dan Reno and he'll sign your ball. WQAM, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to add a city to your list. Go right ahead, please. I spent a little time in Houston, Texas and I've got to tell you, it was incredible. I mean, you know, if you're in the areas where the big hotels are, you know, people that work there are very professional. But when you start like migrate out of those areas, really, you're almost like an abacquoise environment. It was really incredible the time I had to spend there. But I just also wanted to add something we're got in key rows. Yes, all the defenders of Pete Roach and realize this. Suppose Pete Roach was working for a company that had a representative and knocked on your door to pedal whatever a product or a service. How much credibility would you give to Pete Roach? None. Exactly. I mean, you know, here's a kind of just annoying time. That's why I said the other day and I'll say it again, just because he says he never benefits the reds. Why do we believe him on anything? You know, what I've got has been lying admits he's been lying and brags about the fact he's been lying for 14 years. And now we're supposed to believe that he's just he never benefits against this team. I mean, again, way back when he wrote a book saying he never bet on baseball. Right. That's right. That's right. Living one last or another, he gets gone to the point where he can't even tell the truth from a lie. I mean, the demand needs some real help. He's a real scumbag and he's totaled in my law. He wants his decashion on his now. Oh, no question about me. Whether he's in the whole of the same or not, I couldn't care less, you know, because there's a lot of bad people in the whole. Well, there's an interesting thing though, and it is I was reading yesterday, which I never paid too much attention to that Hall of Fame crap because most of it is political anyway. Oh, yeah. But there are qualifications and clearly moral character and things like that that disqualify people from being in a Hall of Fame, which nobody seems to be talking about these days. But you just don't just say, you know, I'm like, they're just some people to Hall of Fame. I don't know if you're familiar with can't afford mountain land. Yes. Here's a man who was a slave owner who said as long as he's a commissioner, they'll never be a black ball player. Right. And here he is. He's glorified. And you know, that just plaque rests up there in a Cooper's time. It's really, it's such a good thing about that is he's a bones are still rotting. So there you go. Yeah, listen, it's always a pleasure and have a great day. And back to you. 560, yeah, the male audience, other, I know, the audience. But I mean, the males in America more and more, they want to, you know, people, it's the jock thing. He was Charlie Huzzle. It was a great player. He got the hits record all of this other crap. He's a scumbag. He's an absolute scumbag. I can mission be any separate set of rules, just because he happens to want a dot strap for a very long time. A real scumbag. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T of a rise from Arles Line, Nashville 29, Tampa 22, Jacksonville, 21, Lutes has got a pair and gains below and have any of it. Out of 74 votes. In what American city will you find the highest percentage of Goobers, Yahoo's, Red Next, Yeehaw's, nose pickers. I guess we could put aim tree, but I don't think the risk of a place is aim tree, isn't Nope. There are places that might as well be like Pa-Hokie and Okie Chobi. I guess I will leave it to somebody else to see if they want to put them on. Because I'm sure we have people listening right now in both Pa-Hokie and Okie Chobi. Yeehaw, Yeehaw, Chobi. You ain't never seen nothing like that. Cherry pie and Pa-Hokie man. 1057 at 560, WQM, if your car is on the fridge, if you got any kind of a problem, a small one of big one and between one. Don't address it to just anybody. Take your car to somebody who can really trust and host their stuff. We're talking of course about EF Taranaut or Repair at 583 North Federal Highway just to mile and a half North of Sample Road and prestigious Pa-Hokie. EF Taranaut or Repair, you can experience the difference that experience makes because I haven't done it. They really know their stuff inside and out. All the EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians. They know all the ways technology and most of them are done with the EF team for almost 20 years. Some of them even... Not third man. EF team's got over 200 combined years of experience. No job is to bigger too small like I said whether it's just a blown fuse or a blown engine from a 73 Toyota to an old four Bentley EF Taranaut or Repair does it all for you. All jobs are meticulously double checked for accuracy by the shop foreman and AirV cars clean upon completion of the work. EF on his most extended warranties to an ARP for your wide-away service on most repairs. EF Taranaut or Repair a place you can really trust your auto but two, 5083 North Federal Highway and Pa-Hokie man. The Column at 9-5-4-4-2-6-9926. That's 9-5-4-4-4-2-6-9926 be sure to ask about their 90 days same as Cash and Winters Credit Card when you talk to him too. EF Taranaut or Repair naturally recognizes one of the most successful automotive or perpassolis anywhere in the entire country at EF their motto is and they live up to it. Nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business. EF Taranaut or Repair a place you can really trust. EF Taranaut or Repair a place you can really trust. EF Taranaut or Repair a place you can really trust. Some people don't. They don't have a clue. They walk all around with their head up their loops. It's always the same. They're just looking for fame. And they're lovely of yours. Very like the chronic phones. O the chronic family. It's first online because it's a black catfish. We have folks in mind. We wait for EF to come out of the green for them. We, you and what army of Rildiahu's are we. All your friends are careful. All your friends are carpet spring. Why don't you stand up like on your own? It's always we. Like you got all your buddies. How come you don't stand on your own thing? We, there's that we again, man. Are you speaking French English? Here we, we, we. We are. We are. There we go. We are. You sound like Dan Quill. Now, sir, you can't even spell us. We don't want to ask things. We're on the radio. Right. And you know, you know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Was that the king isn't we? We, you sound like that baby, though. And you are. Are you in the loser? Are you an Aintreecer? I think you've been up at Aintree. You want to admit it to our way to the world. Some people don't. They don't have a clue. They walk on around. We've headed up that house. It's always the same. They just look at me for fame. And we love the abuse. We like the calling. He's the chronic. Loots is doing real well, by the way. See that it's time with Gainesville. It's got, yeah, I votes. Yep. In what American city would you find not not the most, because obviously that would depend on a population. But the highest percentage of goobers. National 36, Jacksonville, 24, Tampa 23, Gainesville, 9, Loots 9, Orlins 1 and Houston 1. Somebody says, uh, most of all, an internation is no orleens. Says they may not be goobers, but what the hell are they? They're Cajun goobers, but they definitely are goobers. And they are dumb. Cajelle. What's that movie again? Southern Comfort? Yeah, good movie. Excellent movie. If you haven't seen it go out and read it by it's steel. Southern Comfort is a great movie. It'll give you a real good idea. What I'm going to. Cajun, uh, Yahoo's are no. They're all in. It's a educational. Yeah. They don't have counties. They have perishes. Perish the thought that's you. And all these people that are brave about all man. It's great man. Marty, grah. And all of you. It's a slimy place. If you want to go to a slimy place and get drunk go to Key West. But you have to go all the way to Nollins. They have nothing there but a lot of dumb people. In fact, why leave town? Now here's what it says. And I'm going to put it on there even though you won't. Why won't I? Because I won't get any votes except from maybe this factor. Stanniansville North Carolina. Yeah. Well, that's a point. See, I could name 100 towns and nobody ever heard of that. But 100% is it's a poll. We're asking the audience. So, uh, maybe we'll find out they did hear of it. You might be surprised, Mr. You think you know what all don't you, Mr. Yes, I do. Well, what do you know? Everything. Oh. Stanniansville North Carolina just outside of Greensboro. If you're Jewish black or Northern or it says good luck. Well, that's true of any of these. You know what? It's said Greensboro. Well, okay. Let's say Greensboro. That's a better than staying. Stanniansville. That would be like saying, can't it dig when New York? Although I don't think the people are here to that. I don't think that canon dig were are the people to see. Let me make the distinction for the benefit of our poll today. I don't think the people in like small towns and upstate New York are goobers. They're just farmers. Right. They're see the difference. They're very much so is the difference because farmers don't live in trailer parks. There's a difference between rural and a goober. Right. Now you're talking. So like to even a York wouldn't qualify or canon dig were because they're just small Hick towns with a lot of farmers in them. But a place like Greensboro I guess had a lot of goobers. It like lutes. I'm glad to see lutes are doing so good. Well, speaking of assholes. All three Roman Catholic Dyses in Washington are full compliance. They say with a policy established by U.S. Fishops in 2002 to protect modern some sex abuse by clergy according to a National Report released yesterday breathlessly by the nation's Fishops. The report conducted by the Gavin Group an independent Boston based organization headed by former FBI official William Gavin surveyed the progress bishops are making him carrying out a chart of the agreed to in June 2002. Victims groups, however, said the report was flawed consisting mainly of self reporting by church officials. They said the victims interviewed in the audits were not representative and that auditors only interviewed victims who came forward after June 2002 and were not involved in lawsuits. The auditors said they didn't want to interfere with legal proceedings. They also criticized the audits for not examining personnel records. The Gavin reports says auditors didn't review those files because the state's privacy and confidentiality laws. Also said auditors didn't have the civil or criminal authority to demand documents for record searches, but pertinent records policy and information originally provided as a as requested. David Cohesci executive director of survivors network of those abused by priests and the bishops have essentially defined the rules of the game determined who plays, who gets played with, who got paid the umpires now they couldn't win. Though Hesci also said he found it pretty disturbing that the bar is set so low with dice he's getting commendations for having codes of conduct for priest and a formal diaccess and communication plan. No priest molested a child because he had an inadequate code of conduct. We always maintain the problems not with the bishops right on paper, but what they do in reality. Nice going David, you go boy. And just the white wash continues and of course we've got bigger fish to fry now like the kids. And we've got to know that bits is more about Michael Jackson in the Middle East in Alkada and this is an adaniati adi in about the you know Scott and Lacey Peterson. The important things in life as opposed to worrying about kids getting molested and people are want to alter boys. Well speaking of people are want to alter boys, did I pronounce that story about that teacher? I don't know. We're talking about it. Don't let me forget the one about the s factor. Okay. The s factor explains bushes popularity. Don't give it away. Point and teacher 49 charged with having sex with 11 year old student. I mean that's a little you know I'm saying a little bit it's very much ridiculous. A music teacher at a point in beach elementary school was arrested yesterday in accused of having sex with the young boys she used to instruct Carol Lynn Flanagan, a 10 year teacher at Rolling Green Elementary is accused of having a 19 month sexual relationship with the boy that included encounters and such places as an airport parking lot a park and hotel rooms the boy was eat 11. When it started in June 2002 after a finished elementary school investigator say, Flanagan 49 of bulk of faces six counts of sexual and mood battery charges. It's not the first time she's been questioned about a relationship with the young boy although he's never in prosecuted. Flanagan was investigated in 2002 by the Department of Children and Families and bulk employees. She was accused of romantically kissing a 12 year old lake worth middle student and letting the boys sleep in her room. Oh well if it's good enough for Michael Jackson ought to be good enough for her, right? They slept she slept around the floor he slept on a bed I'm sure. Many of the details of the two cases are strikingly similar but the Sheriff's Law office would not confirm if the two cases involved the same boy in our 13. The 2002 investigation was long staff for Flanagan's husband Douglas DePue. Fulled a marriage therapist he had concerns about his wife kissing a young boy. He told investigators that the boy was too brother it's slept over 12 to 15 times although he'd never seen her in bed with any of them. That case was dropped after the boy told investigators that the only tap kissed on the mouth and never engaged in sight. Tap kissed? Have you ever heard that before? Is that like a pack? Like a little pack around the cheek. They don't only tap kissed and all my hundred years I never heard that before. Me either. I've heard X I am how you say that word the word that's so A X E G E S I S. You know the word you just know how to say it. Packs at a steak at a giga. Yeah see. The few said Wednesday night that his wife had been depressed he said he thought it was because of health problems involving their 16 year old son. Flanagan continued at rolling green through Tuesday. She wasn't a work on Wednesday. Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies arrested her to her sister's house in Jupiter about 12 30 p.m. Would you add it to your rest at in Jupiter or on Uranus? Perfectly asked her. So there you go. That's another one of those deals. It's got a little problem. They're a little bit too young. And of course we got some of the people in the audience would say, Oh, gee, I sure wish that would happen to me when I was 11 years old. Right. Is now what they say? They say it all the time. Nashville 37 Jacksonville 28 Tampa 25 Lutes 20. Alright, let's hear it for Lutes. Gainesville 15 Houston one. All ends one in Greensboro North Carolina one out of 120 and what American city would you find the highest percentage of Gubers 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM. Hey, New York. I got a city for you, buddy. Okay. Um, call it Licks D. Tennessee. You're here with? No, where's that? I reckon it'll be take 75. You're running to it by the North Lake. Great of centers like 30 miles above Knoxville. But I'll tell you something. I lived there for two years. I'll get a re-bottle of a campground for a time sharing resort. Yeah. And you want to talk about y'all? I mean, it's an old coal mine is town. It's got 80% unemployment rate in the town. Right? And everybody in there's a welfare. I mean, there's girls from 13 to 16 years old with two and three kids just to get extra welfare money to pop it out kids. And I'm talking about his safety and taking it down that religion in my life. How about you got a man? I want to take deal. Yes. I want to take a grocery store and bought some meat in the guy. $100 bill. He couldn't break. If that's how town is. He could take grocery store. Particularly weekly. Couldn't break my $100 bill. Thanks for good news, Pally. Have a great day. Put where you're head. Lake City, Tennessee. What do you say? Let's get it on. Okay. And here's what? You sound a little bit reluctant. Yeah, whatever. I know Lake City Florida. Mm-hmm. I know Lakeland Florida. I know two egg. See, but we don't know any of the people in two egg. How many people are there in two egg? About 30 men. Got a stoplight and that's about it. I mean, really seriously Florida. A lot of people are like considering it a mug won't stay for boy. You take a date route in Palm Beach and Monroe counties. And you like, got nothing. You can't name me another county in a state. And don't tell me Orange County. Okay. I want to hear about all that me Yahoo's and then trailer trash in Orlando. You got to be kidding me. Wow. What's that? What's that? Is it Orange Blossom Trail? Is that it? That sounds right. That's the main drag to there. Oh, man. I mean, they're the main vein. Butch and Bible bumpers and strippers and trailer trash and pretty much the same people. I don't know who you're talking about. It does it consider Florida Yahoo state. Well, and the people who live there. I mean, if you talk to the people in Tampa, they would take great to. They probably shoot your ass. You said you're a bunch of mugwums and Yahoo's and goobers. They get to go to their gunrap. They don't contact that to good. Mr. I've said that right now. They got the best grip bars over there. They got a mons penis. And they got the burn steak house. It's really a bundle of contradictions. And it's another one of those places like Montreal. Remember I told you about Montreal? Hmm. Montreal is a great city, but they need to people transplant. And the same as through a Tampa. Tampa's got beautiful right on the golf there and they got the nice beaches. And it's a beautiful area. That's a great idea. And the, I don't know about the hotels. But I mean, the restaurants that have a lot of good. They've even got a crystal over there. It's not to like. And steak and steak. They've had steak and steak along before ever. Show it up in South Florida. And what's the other one? They got hearties right? Well, and parties. Heart ons? All kinds of good stuff. But man, they're sure a strange bunch. I'm telling you. Somebody says the city would be Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Home of view of Alabama crimson tide. I sure believe that phrase bear bride to my life. I think a bear bride I think of goober. Goober pounds. So let's get that on there too. Tuscaloosa, Alabama. I, you know what's this list starts building man? And of course, like you said, we could have 50,000 places on here. Because America's just loaded with it. And as you look at that electoral map like we said yesterday, you look at the blue states, the big city slickers, you know, Pennsylvania, New York, all under wingland except the New Hampshire. Oregon, Washington, California, Michigan. Basically northern and peripheral border state. Not border states. What do you call them? The border states are like Colorado. That's goober's too. For what do you call those states along the oceans are around the perimeter of the country? The coastal states. I don't know. That's where you have like living and breathing people. And in between man, you've got a bunch of trailer trash mugwumps, which means you're a springer beyond here for least another 80 years. 13 past 11 at 560 WQM. If you're here is long gone, if it's down to road. Here's the answer for a get it back. How do you do it? You call Chuck Alpere. They'll bring in. They'll give you a free consultation no obligation. And I'll show you how much better in younger that can make you look. Charlie's exclusive amazing natural hairline system. Make a long story short. It's the best in the business anywhere. It's any price, which is why even a lot of a millionaire is the smart ones go to Chuck Alpere. Because they know that for no amount of cash, they can get a better look in peace than the natural hairline system. And you have nothing lose, but that shiny gross ball spot that makes you look so damn old. Because if a your word Charlie is a piece for 30 days and you get this guarantee. After a month, if you don't love the way it looks in fields, if you're not getting that laid all over the place, Charlie give you four refund no questions asked. And if you mention the O'Rourdes when you call, they'll knock another 200 bucks out the already reasonable price of that natural hairline system. So forget about the holes in the head and the dangerous pills and all the other crap and those muskrats. Get yourself a great look ahead of here from the Charles Alpere Studios. Con tool free. There's no obligation. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check out other website, Charles Alpere.com. Fly and local. Here's sports video 560-USUAM. Good these, they're beautiful. They're glamorous, they're love-breakers. And now you can look just like they do with celebrity mugshot photographers. Celebrity mugshot photographers can make you look like a star after a 3-day bandera series on elected. I want to look like a Nickknope. Sure. Just dump this motor oil on your head. Put on this filthy Hawaiian shirt and... Scallot. I want to look like a... To win Campbell. Sure. Just dump this motor oil on your head. Put on this filthy golf shirt and... Scallot. Celebrity mugshot photographers can make you look like any of your favorite criminal celebrities. Whether it's why known a judge, win owner writer, George Clinton. Robert Downing Jr. or they never pop-ular Michael Jackson. Okay. Put on this white make-up, this red lipstick, this black eyeliner, this prosthetic pose. And... Scallot. Wow. I look like a million bucks for... More like 10 million to keep a kid from testifying your court. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Celebrity mugshot photographers. Where we'll make you look like the rich and infamous in a flash. 1118 at 560WQML. Clarence is not bad enough that they're just ran out from all about the... Ticket giveaway. Yeah, every Thursday. That doesn't include us. Does it? No. We have nothing to give away. So again, because we're not a sports hero. Therefore, we just wind up sucking a hind end here on the New Yorker show. We just get nothing. In addition, which all I asked was, would be nice to know if the hoppers coming in today at 4 o'clock. He has been on the last three days, but not sick. He's be-illin. Or maybe he's been eaten one of the other. I'm not ready to sure wait. But at any rate. Would it be nice to know what that lineup is? We got the mad dog at 2. We got somebody 4 to 630. It might be theologin. It might not be. You got Panther previews, 630. The Panthers at the Flyers 7 o'clock tonight. That could be a really ugly one. Eddie K follows the hockey game into one mark overnight 2 to 5 an AM. 567.0560. We're looking for the American city that's got the highest percentage of goober. Did somebody just coming running breathlessly in there and say, Oh, Hank's going to be on today? No, no. Well, how do you like that? So not only don't we give any tickets. I have tickets to give away to our fine, wonderful loyal audience. But we also can't even get any information. I'm going, Clarence. Maybe he's busy doing the old airplanes spin with a beast now. Who's spinning? Elvis, who's great? You're stepping right there to the king. Right, life. And you're going to send my soul to the moon. Send my soul to the moon, fire. That's not Elvis, it's Bob Lincoln. God of the world, the moon is not ready to burn. So we'll get those stakes to fire. How right there's a thousand greater winners. We're not there. We're all living with devil make care. And I'm just a devil with no respect. So be by our side of the day. Okay, that's enough. WQM, hello. No. Yes, sir. I've got a 30 for you. Okay. We're going to go with it. We're going to go with it. We're going to go with it. We're going to go with it. I want down for the cold gate can. And I went into a bar and George on joy this. I had a pack of cigarettes that had a little tree in it. They took my cigarette and gave me my lighter back that not my cigarette. Oh, I'm getting it. Oh, no. So yeah, they'd be becoming scumbags to be a disservice to scumbags all over the world. I miss something. They took you. Who took your lighter? The people of the bar. But my cigarette's out of special tree. Then I'm George knows what I mean. I don't see what you're saying. Yeah. So it's two other things. Just hockey, David, Abisher. What do you think of him? I know you're not an avalanche fan. I don't watch the avalanche ever. I don't watch the Western Conference ever. I'm going to tell you that. Okay. And I just have a request, please. Please. I know that. All I know is that Columbus couldn't score into what empty net if they had the normal team on the ice. But yeah. Yeah. They did look pretty bad. I don't see any goals. No. No. Please. Please. The babbling first thing with just go winch files. The dom and the dry. Little bit bit of that. What is that, George? I don't know. The babbling or the stress conference where you're y'know, you know, we. We'll. Thanks for the broken bright. You know. You have a broken bright one. You have. We'll dig it up for it, Palmy. You don't go to Roen Oakie and have a great day. I have no idea what he was talking about. I get some. I don't know what it's called. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on put Ronor Connor again, but I just missed something there he had no give his lighter back yeah well so what does that mean I don't get it I don't know oh I thought it was just me WQM hello I'm good yes sir hey how's it going pretty good alright I gotta choice for the poll hello I'm listening go right ahead wait on us winter here in Florida uh-huh absolutely an abomination yeah let me tell you I go up there every year for work and um the people have so they're not just in bread they're like laboratory and it's better no isn't it like north north of Lakeland oh yeah way north way north right I'm going over towards the panhandle I mean it's like four hours it's it's an acumen absolutely disgusting that would be my vote and I'm sure other people that they've ever gone near it they know what I'm talking about I mean you can smell the swivel when you're heading there okay I'll see you in two egg pal okay see you what do you mean I beg your pardon what place did he say winter haven Florida winter yes been there been through oh and I what's that other other so many so many in Florida but there's one in particular what not our is it Arcadia isn't that worth a funny farm as whether I've shared it in locked up in the not house I think it's Arcadia that's sort of a there's so many we could well just wait for the audience so many there's about any you can name any Florida town for the day and I don't know that's bad you don't want to say that I just did you well don't you don't like put sunrise on there like calendar they don't have goobers now they they just have a swatches on one side of the tracks and old Jews on the other side like you said out of the a tri-county area a Florida town you don't have to be out of the tri-county area how about Palm Beach County man there's plenty of goobers there pohokianokutobi last time I checked their Bolton Palm Beach County eight day yes they are eight day you ever been in pohokie been through it oh man don't be slow that you stop forgetting don't slow down get of course for me drive on the alley and you go through those see those are goober towns the Indian towns right they're like well what are some of those towns on the way over to the uh... yeah immacly that's the one that's the part of what you call those towns besides residences places to drive through real fast frost proof frost proof another excellent one there's so many we don't want to put all over the ones in there just wait for the colors forty votes for Nashville thirty eight projects and bull you gotta say full lutes is got lutes is got twenty nine that's a lot of people that live there temp is got twenty six gainsville twenty one tuscalusia alabamas making a quick movement man they got six already Houston four greensburner through a line of four nollyins two got a set right nollyins lake city Tennessee one row and open the winter here we don't have any at the we just want to go 75 will just keep building the list will build up big time we get about twenty thirty thousand cities on air and then you take your pick you just pick it to be qa m hello yes i got one for you call okay sir go ahead how about pentagata never stop there no the other the universe okay well probably got people listening there right now you have a great life pothagora maybe we can just get every city in florida i got a map in the car every city of more than how many people turn in it's just amazing what a some pump it it over the good casino gambling in florida now right man when you look at the in bread uh... oh god it's just an amazing state people i don't get out of data brought too much should ought to be grateful quite frankly not to not to send a great chasin day and brought we got our share of a trailer trash but believe you me the rest of the state is just an amy and we haven't even talked about the panhandle and you might you tell a has to be for never been there you're the through it is it really everything it's a cracked up to be or should never been the tallyasie with a band who won't you need i'm sure somebody out there has to probably get a low down twenty seven past eleven at five sixty q a m your red necky station for the new millennia my my and local this is for tweedle five sixty you and we got Friday night is in the wild house doing always president should be he's there in the obelocce so he's not sure what an all-whole is he's practiced in speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze but it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a rand your heroine Saturday he's still no smarter pain for ten this center of central goal you could say his brain is useless kind of like the cheneys popped up ventricles now he goes to give his speech with words his boat can't reach you let's not breathe but he won't tell you how he feels instead you'll talk about some bad mistakes you know me he can't spell he can't act run out loud he can't speak so what he says so he's in doubt don't know the clue nobody's in so he just babble song babble song babble song i'm sure that's not the bit that i wanted but do i tell it that's what you know what is that bush meets the press is it you probably already stuck in your shish there i'm curious about it because you want it now bush meets the press seat oh i don't got that in here let's hear it stretch and go hang as we know i work for some young moons washing sometimes it's your paper Mr. President so you don't have to worry about my question oh the right hand is there any truth to how our deans hateful leftist liberal rand things that you had previous knowledge of 911 um excuse me second your pieces are working they're sting i he will be brought to justice and and i'm sure there's wet English ABC's there's more writing you know i'm not working yeah give me more thanks how we've been coming in yet shigam let me ask you a question how long does it go on it's just going to go on here no it's not of my DCS because i never played it never was going to play it thanks a lot pal i take back whatever good things i said about it wasn't that the guy with the cigarettes in the weed or whatever something like that uh Crawford Texas somebody says place for the most goober's i stay just show the cover of the national review build buckley's right wing rag and it's got a picture of how we're dean on the front and it says please nominate this man so you can't desperately to paint him is another Michael DuCoccus has been totally unelectable and all of a sudden i would say the uh whistleboard the enron whistleboard she just endorsed Wesley Clark it's really fascinating to me how Wesley Clark all of a sudden is coming from nowhere and especially with a minimum lately of other than the arasical house the deli then and sloy me's a minimum of uh public appearance all of a sudden he's just the scar rock and you see that yeah well what is that all about i don't know i mean i don't have a problem because if he's the guy that can win i mean great but i just i'm a little bit suspicious because it's pretty obvious to me that how or dean isn't the choice of the establishment which is probably why he's so damn popular with so many people who don't like the establishment which is most of us but boy oh boy well uh he's uh he's temperamental and he's this and he stole a freight train and he's there got his records from Vermont sealed and uh he's a scumbag and he's uh yeah and all these other things let's see here's somebody says the entire state of South Carolina what we can't do that but let's put Charleston South Carolina on there Crawford Texas the way to see how fast Crawford moves up that list gonna skyrocket guaranteed and somebody says e-hawed junction just basically because of the name all i guarantee it was up to its name would you think absolutely name to tv show after e-haw e-hawed junction i was called at yahu junctions for so long that i look at a this thing on paper somebody fast and i can't really bring myself for believe that it is e-hawed junctions but it is e-hawed junction i bet you think i got a good stookey's up there yeah get you some p-k-an-pides and powratt and some good peanut brittle been sitting there for about 40-50 years here's the facts from Frank and Melburn don't tap me Frank i was not about that he says happy new year the bush action figured dishonest w over the world is too funny you're right i'm sitting here working to remote changing outfits and wretched pretzels and laughing out loud out loud thank you thank you it's the best two bad-a-wasn't stock for Christmas i'm emailing it to everybody i know that's a lot fracking melburn it's a hoot haven't seen the fantastic dishonest w action figure hop on your rages dot com you'll be playing with it all day and the figure two Nashville Tennessee is in the lead but it's gonna get some stiff challenges i guarantee you 42 jacks and bills got 40 already loot 39 10-20 9 gamesville 22 tusk aloosa 11 qston five greensburn earth care line of four nol and zon a three late city Tennessee two punna grort of florida two roe no Virginia one winter haven't a florida crop for Texas just both went on twitter one votes i haven't picked up line nine probably for obvious reason but we'll give it a shot w qa m the anxious line nine hello oh yes sir oh one to a docala okay all is good okay even horses are moving out of there thanks a lot palian how great day chepi new year oh cala florida man has hoss country i bet it's beautiful so many these places how about a people transplant huh come on for the whole state for the whole state i mean florida's alo i don't want to say it's so beautiful because it really i mean the beaches here you know there are a lot of nice beaches like Panama city and they got those springs with those weeping willows up there in the north part yeah but as you drive i mean i'm sure you've done a lot like i have driven across the straight and around the state there's a lot of just plain flat swamp land yeah right exactly well put swamp land it's a big swamp march actually most of the state is underwater we just haven't figured it out yet it's Joe Marston your land five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line W qa m hello why you're people know that oh W qa m hello yes yes sir speaking hello yes any how are you doing pretty good watching last time's local television broadcast you know we got coming to camp afloat i know the bushmysters in west Palm Beach today but go ahead a christian nudist camp yeah we had that on yesterday are you did out on yesterday okay why do you think in the ending kind of the news broadcast they said um they hate to seal that see the kneeling during services brecum okay thanks for getting back okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty well you know if you get a little like load you can always drop a wide in the early wheel the screaming and quick you know somebody was asking me the other day about dogs about how come dogs don't have to you know if you have a dog you have to wipe them don't have to wipe your dogs ass no i never heard of such a thing now if you have a cat like those one of those long here cats one of those uh huh persons oh Persian cats don't have long hair they do they do but you talking about persons are short here cats aren't they all right i'll take your word for it not everyone else i thought the persons are the gray short here cats are my confusing that with something else a side these oh yeah sign these cats so Persian have a lot i'm well whatever they are hate cats i can't stand them all a sign these i will say some of them are kind of interesting you know they're not friendly they're a little cool they make a nice sound but still they make an ice sound you're a rubber they get your leg and all that static electricity is going on i guess if you're really lonely you know right and if you want to know and there's no human if there's no human right rubber against you maybe like a pretty cat you know they'll eat you which is as close to putty as you can get yeah they will eat you if you fall in a ground and play dead play possum did disgusting but anyway if you have a like a long-haired cat which is what I start getting to then you might want to get like a nice moist towel at or something and get ready oh because i've heard those stories of course the whole concept of cats crap it in the litter boxes so i don't want to get started on that again it's just i'm never be as long as i know it's one thing i'll never be able to adjust to i don't buy it if you have a pet or a child or more how are they been it or like what's your name missus wall is on passion just because doing cotton and doesn't mean that they can crap in a house okay i just never heard all well we can go away for days of the time and of course they have those feeder things you know we're limited amount of food comes automatically down to be a little thing into the bowl and so you can go away for days on and leave your putty cat right in there alone to like your crap into box by the way here's a message to the cat people who think that their houses don't smell they do they do they still know what you buy they stay which automated guy and i say that the dogs think too when you walk into the house of somebody that has dogs and as much as i love dogs and i had the two but it smells no matter what you if you breathe in every day they still smell that's that true it is true all right ever do i need smell you're wrong okay i'm talking about not you not when you live there but i'm talking about somebody that's coming in a stranger in the house which is a good way to get them out anyway like when your home is witnesses coming just open up the door and say oh man that'll do it this whole tiny up right in front of their face that's a tiny nice girl maybe i gotta get me a dog you know no i don't do it i don't know when you've had dogs for a long time and then they croak and then it like there's a great well there are nice robotic dog you turn it off when you're not there's so many more negatives than positive but the fact that matter is it like leaves a vacuum you know that's another reason i'm so happy not to be there because it's like there's a vacuum in that house robot dog you can put it in your suitcase and take them with you yeah but it's no fun sure isn't crap in a house doesn't crap in the house and it doesn't fall into pool and things like that with the remote control it'll go crazy just like action George the Nashville Tennessee 43 this on his w check it out two hundred and twelve votes Nashville's leading in what american city will you find the highest percentage of goobers 43 for national forty projects and the forty for the lutes that's got to be more than the permanent population of your and empty of that tamper thirty two gainsville twenty two tuskelus in twelve everybody else single digits i can't believe no one's is only got three well that's the state of mind thing uh so give you ask people what do you think of the rascal house oh my god that's legendary is wonderful you know you call that up first drive now god almighty water place so did we find out about the humpers begin the rascal house is he coming in there what we don't know what what is code oh i'm not being told i say well you're current 19 till noon at q a m i'm a law this is for you by city and i'm Harry here to tell you about a special place just a short with love i'm new york is the volcano that's where i want to go i can't have a from it all ever set in the polka knows he can't build that thing but that's the way shuffle board if you were i got a nine go for saturday runs or part of food on top of your tail i hope it's kosher in the polka knows night and bucket and no back in was killed my alley and shawty that she even Mickey ruin you know and let's go funk in in the polka knows we'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show with Tony Orlando in the polka knows get a hot shade of town you're hot a champagne sit right up and then that's like a shot let's get the chicks who can be in a girl over by the exercise you're the only one in the polka knows night and bucket can't move back in was killed my alley and shawty don't forget Mickey ruin you play rock and let's go over let's go funk in in the polka knows we'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show with Tony Orlando in the polka know let's go to forget your teachers i don't get my teeth in the bag with the water and everything reason i play that that's for our friend what's your name Susanne yep who always every time she packs his Susanne always let's be know she's the woman from homestead married to the max against you the nice jewish girl and what she says you want to know about yahu's she comes from a holly pencil vania full of yahu's and drunks in a polka knows well it's a little bit too obscure put on our list but uh i don't respect for holly i played that for her and staying a plan something i cannot believe that you put that bush bit in the dcs i can't believe i've allowed a string i did not like i'm good disc i can't believe that you actually dug it up and played it don't do it again that is god of it nobody loves book a brand more than i do but every once in a great while he'll do one of just uh doesn't go anywhere do you know i mean yeah it doesn't go anywhere it should go somewhere like a new old mid-can but doesn't go anywhere and that's one of them and that's probably why couldn't remember what it was steve has a fact with a great idea here how about a state poll of goober's i think what we'll do is we'll change the poll at one right at one what do you mean at one why why we have a chance to build it let's just a weird time to change the poll are we speaking the same language speaking lace see well that's changed the poll at one because this is one we don't have to have the audience contribute to that's my point see the first one they're calling in joints and places and things and whatever i mean nobody's gonna catch national even crop or Texas while it's moving up like I said it's got 11's got a shot but i think that's a good idea Steve how about a state poll of goober's which state has got the most goober's we don't want to say that though one of which is the most red necky state something like that highest percentages uh good hit what is it the highest percentage like you did on this one here florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Montica can tucky art Arkansas Tennessee Texas Louisiana Mississippi and Alabama are what's he has listed here now do you think that maybe we ought to like add some on there i will think about it because he don't have Montana on there for example if i started the same on tana or right those are or boobers what are they retards those are not that they're like reject human reject i'd like to differ did he leave off uh well okay five six seven oh five six people work on it pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line new suspected SARS case in uh China oh oh as China's a seat i don't want to get another thing we talked about cancel a while ago in dogs as China's only confirmed SARS patients are declared recovered released from hospital state run media reported in a Hong Kong he knew suspected case of the potentially deadly virus a 20 year old waitresses been hospitalized in place nationalation in Guangzhou in Guangdong province the news agencies in war reported that today dozens of people in contact with the woman of also been placed in quarantine but nobody has shown these SARS symptoms yet meanwhile Hong Kong three TV reporters are being tested for SARS after displaying some symptoms of the virus upon returning from visit to Guangdong yeah they made a visit to long dog and how they get the virus though the men have been listed as suspected SARS cases yet they've been placed isolation wars in our unstable condition they initially had fever cough and respiratory infections but chest ice rays were normal and queer clear more test results expected later today and come to find out that this woman who's in quarantine now come to find out she was uh wild game animal eater kind of person you know what I mean yeah it up in other words chinese as researchers work to understand the virus scientific evidence of a possible link between SARS and animals from wildlife markets popular in the region has forced long a Guangdong authorities into a mask calling I love the way they say that like when they had the when they had the uh man counting in England or her while we have to call 20,000 cattle today call that kill call not kill but call that sounds so much cuter right thousands of civic cats considered a local delicacy are being slaughtered after researchers named the animals the possible source of the virus before jump to humans the government says it wants to slaughter uh 10,000 civilized Saturday they want to get it done by Saturday despite concerns from the who the w h oh that the massive extermination could destroy evidence of the origins of the disease the calling is also something of an embarrassment for chinese officials who last year outlawed the trade exhibits for four months but Beijing later we send a demand after pressure from consumers farmers and sellers so what if we're spreading uh SARS all around the world and killing a bunch of people right to do business here it's yummy add digitally want again Guangzhu officials have lost to make the disinfaction campaign a bit and half a potential outbreak of SARS did you see the tapes on TV on the news of the uh the call rubbing their scrubbing their scrubbing or scrubbing everything i mean they're wiping and scrubbing and uh as well as street cleaning officials aboard a large scale rat extermination program damn it there goes dinner they attempt to the star the SARS-Kation Chinese force much of Asia under full alert increasing health checks and transit entry points such as airports and sea terminals man it is terminal i don't know what the house wrong with it well i guess when you got a feet of pigeon people the rice gets a little bit old after while i'm not joking about the rat see the the rat yes i'll be damned well i why didn't you tell me that when i had the rats in my attic oh see i wasn't gonna put him in a freezer and had some nice delkoses waiting when i get home or just invited nice family uh chinese people the state are for what um um um five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line in what american city will you find the highest percentage of goober's rednex yahu's nose pickers w qaim hello yes sir great full today brings back a lot of memories you have a caller that uh from loot loot from loot do you have any recording to that i don't know i just got to play that little while ago chronic from loot oh i didn't hear a stamp damn okay back to you yeah we got that chronic from loot spit i don't know you oughta dig it out that doesn't play it all the time i'll tell you one thing i would have played again as opposed to find a know which bit that was you were talking about oh god in fact if i had to pick the worst bit that bokeh Brian ever did ever i mean ever ever and there's a few he's done it i never played but that would have to be it it just you know just goes on like that forever yeah so another was like a bugger but it's a little bit ponders kind of like the president himself a little ponders Elvis is great day today what do you say anybody care no uh let's show some respect to the king no are you long so no absolutely do you now tell you what thing there's a guy's going to be loads of it keeps firing everybody that works with him and he's going to be real only in that studio case you two did late that got blown out by the mowmaster absolutely off the morning show as you continue and of course people could turn around and say what you guys can't uh beiner boy i don't think we can do i think he can't himself right the only person ever got came to off of this show and i said very proudly was caught junior who had who had looked you straight in the eye well no he looked at the ceiling and with one eye and the other eye maybe look you in the eye and tell you that he deserved to be fired that he's uh enough case enough job am i right he's uh in fact he may be from one of these play i don't think he's from jersey at all i think he's from one of these plays that we got on the poll today but zack it's blown out a good guy like by everyone a great eater always there cleans this plate right you won't find a drop a crumb on that table out there and at food counter out there in a hallway by Clarence's office you won't find a drop on a day that the zack is there he cleans it up but no he ain't good enough for mo no mo as he just continues playing fast and loose with the entire radio station and Greg is a little bit like that Greg is just you know just hands off i mean the fact that we can't if and let me also point out this not only can we find out about whether Hank's gonna be on today not only are we got any tickets to give away on the show like all the other shows on the station because of sports because of that did we get any input or output or up your ass put from muff or Clarence today about the fact about our Wednesday one and two hour of course not because it's not a sports show they don't give a crap they don't care if we see they're going like woo woo woo like that for four hours there's an idea go but seriously what does that tell you you would have thought there'd been some kind of commentary some kind of opinion some kind of something some kind of input no that is grace so good like to your zack you'll need it we told him for long time watch your back zack and he knew it he knew it was coming you know it was just a matter of time before the grumpy old man we're finally stab them just stick it in there and twist it WQA and hello yeah i want to talk to Neil speaking hey Neil are you that's not a real good one i think it's a thick uh it's semi semi's cassimis actually i even thought of it is good i've been there i've been there cassimis you've been cassimis sure on a way to Orlando cheaper to stay there and then travel to the parks for kai think i think i've had it with Orlando Orlando and Vegas i don't think i have any need for either one of them ever again Orlando let's see him no more i wonder what ever happened to him don't just sometimes wonder what happened to some of the uh interesting people and even some of the boring people so little kid huh some of them like that kid from Cincinnati that did the rap song what that was the name of that song he did the rap song yeah the kind of io d and recorded that rap song was a bit that we used to play he was from Cincinnati okay i said sad soul what was a whole bunch of them five six seven oh five six d i think it noon like i said we changed the pool close this out right no one why do you say that just to be contrary no i think i think they've laid it out there for us 261 votes what american city would you find the highest percentage of goobers i mean we can you know push it till two that's it we just push and do are what's the point no push it don't push it lutes is just lead to the top all right i am psych now man lutes 47 which has got to be doubled a permanent population of that town at yahoo place Nashville 46 Jacksonville 43 Tampa 39 so another end gainsville 28 so the top 5 for our floor at the Crawford Texas is moving up nicely 19 it was making a big move Tuscaloosa alabama 13 Houston Texas 7 e-haw junctions got uh seven greens were North Carolina 6 punagorda 4 Lake City Tennessee 3 no all ends 3 okay I was got a pair roanok virginia 1 Charleston South Carolina 1 and winner haven't got any 269 votes winner haven't doesn't have any which i still always wonder you know what i wonder ghost we know what he wonder maybe they don't have a pewter maybe they don't have access to a computer right now they call in and this is suggested that winds up with no holes happens all the time maybe they're speeding home right now to vote and it's going to be changed by the time they get there good sure some right here at stiluna qi we got mad dog at two and somebody at four is it the hopper is it the load only time will tell 16 I'm from Indiana Russian aliinen and I like to rub my smelly grill ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the nirוכ the nista power They're the sweet like And throw myself from the toilet bowl, that feels my power to lose control of the toilet. And there's a smell that makes you cry. So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straightened pictures squeeze on it for a little bit. It's not hard to understand. Even if I have been a big fan of me, If you can't kill your wife and your wife, you'll be no little see. It's so God they've been very sick. And your mother's making fun of me. And just with the fancy gate, Every thought to rest all of a day, A super sound that night. When you, you may ortate in Sapphama. I found the pain of Rock and Roll. You killed my clothes. That's not half as great. I just wrote about it. Did you just learn then what I really didn't That song. Oh, God. Anyway, let's change that pool. Let me give you a final result of this one. I don't know. It was a good idea. But I mean, you had a good point in the beginning. We could late in the name like 50,000 different wall at small Hick Town because that's America for you, baby. How many sophisticated places are there in America when you come right down to it? About 30 minutes. Yeah, and I think that's pushing it. Or is that? That's pushing it. Oh, I'm sorry. The left coast. New York. Frisco. See, Adam. All them fat places. See, Adam. Portland. She Congo. Philpard, Alpia. Boston. Right, right. I guess I'll lay in some respects. That's it. We're done. That's it. I need to do Boston. I can't always getting everything in Boston. Well, I've been in Boston. It's got like all those places of higher yearning and learning. Well, that's the a Catholic church for you, man. See, that's another place like Montreal. Montreal. Great city. Really neat. Interesting. So just a grotesque people needs a people transplant. Boston got all these colleges and universities living in breathing people and Harvard and MRT and all this stuff. But the Catholic church runs with an iron hand like they do with the Vatican. And so they always have banned in this in ban and titty clubs and this in that. And so everything has to be banned in Boston books. You name it. On one hand, you got the Kennedy's and then you got like father pushing that used to be in charge of the he used to be the archdiocese. The head man, the cushy he used to give the head. Anyway, all we've got to do is change one word on this pull Eric make it really easy for it. Plus, of course, all the names. In one American state, would you find the highest percentage of goobers? Wasn't that a act of a, you know, a nice and added a few on there. That I thought was so we can just leave that up there. So it means in last two hours, I can do all my bedtime stories, which I have a lot. I'm going to take a few. I mean, we'll take a few calls also. Well, we can talk more about coobers and rednecks and y'all who's knows progress because I'm sure we have many of them listening right now. Well, what do you laugh at about? Yeah. I mean, it's not like we're talking. We I noticed that when we named the banshins of great intellectualism, we weren't talking about anywhere in South Florida. I noticed we didn't name like Miami or high, or sweet water or a plantation acres or a temper of pines or a holiday or cemetery village or sunrise or pampino beach. No, we didn't do any of those things because let's face it. It's a big big hit town. But about what we're going to do. Well, we'll think man is my little pick up on in now. They're not movers. You'll pick it out. They're not. They're neighbors. They're like two birds. They're like, no, two. Oh, I'm what I, what are you must be psychic? Look at this story. Deans says faithsway decision on gay unions. How do you like that? And what did I tell you yesterday about him? I'm groting. How he's going to start playing the religion card now because he's even hooded with especially especially in the south where all the Bible thumb presire don't do it. How he's already doing. Moscatina, Iowa. I love that name. Moscatine, muscatel. Moscatir don't let his Schmerit honor drink it. Democratic frontrunner Howard Dean said yesterday his decision is Governor decided to be legalizing some of unions for gays in Vermont was influenced by his Christian views as he waited deeper to the growing political religious and cultural debate over homosexuality and the Bible's view of it. What about those homosexuals? The overwhelming, David Tender, that story about WLAC in Nashville. I've told you that but a long time ago. So it's worth telling again. Here I'm doing, I guess the hours would have been like a seven, I don't know, six to ten or seven or eleven at night. WLAC in Nashville, November of 1980. What would Dick Caspard, Dick was great? I liked Dick then. I liked Dick now. My problem is he's dead. But, um, no, and WNWS was going down the tubes already at that point because of Luke Cron, I shouldn't speak on that because it's a kid who was for a station for power, but never let's lose an asshole. But anyway, so I might off the Nashville and Bill Calder went up there with me and Charlie Cappas. And of course WLAC has got 50,000 watts. I forget what the frequency is. Fifteen ten, I believe. WLAC John R used to be on our John Richmond, Britsburg. Back in the days in the 50s and 60s playing rock music in the soul and all of the crap anyway. And so here I'm doing a talk show with a station that could be here in 48 states because at nighttime, of course, those big 50,000 watt stations boom all across the country, at least they used to anyway. And I come and do the from the very first show I was there for a month, which is as much as I could take talk about goobers and the very first night, I'm a pech up the phone. Hey, Neil, what do you think about the oven sexual's? And then come to fight out. I didn't fight on until after I left it was somebody from my family who was like a setup job, you know, is an inside people I love the show, but it was just, you know, with their idea of humor like the people would say, Shambha those people, they love the show, but that's their idea of being like that. Anyway, the overwhelming evidence is that there is a very significant substantial genetic component to it. Dean said in an interview yesterday from a religious point of view, if God had thought homosexuality was a sin, he wouldn't have created gay people. Dean's comments come as gay marriage is emerging as a defining social issue of the 2004 elections and one that's dividing the Episcopal Church in the US and many other Christians and non-Christians that have a scapegoat all of you know what else life without a scapegoat, right? What's religion without a hell and without a scapegoat? Driving the debate is a theological dispute over the Bible's view on homosexuality and a political one over the secular and spiritual wisdom of allowing gay's to marry. Dean said he doesn't often turn his faith when may, uh, doesn't often turn to his faith when making policy decisions, but cited the civil union bill as the time that he did. My view of Christianity is that the hallmark of being a Christian is to reach out to people who have been left behind at Old Reporters Tuesday so I think there was a religious aspect of my decision to support civil unions. Earlier Tuesday when he and other candidates were asked to debate whether religions influence any of their policy decisions, Dean was the only one not to respond. In an interview yesterday, Dean said I don't go through an inventory like that when making public policy decisions. Dean has been expanding on his religious views in the series of conversations with reporters, but his remarks last two days with the first time he's talked about how his faith has influenced his policy making. Dean said he doesn't consider homosexuality a sin, but nonetheless opposed his gay marriage, the civil unions bill he signed his Vermont Governor in 2000, granted homosexual couples. The same rights and protections as if they were married. Among the nine Democratic presidential contenders represented the Dennis Cassinich former Senator Caramel's Lee Brown and L. Sharpen support gay marriage. How do you like that? Why is Caramel's Lee Brown running? I had something to do. Yeah, well she lost Illinois for her a sensey when she wanted to get reelected she lost there. See right something to do. I mean she's not. I like her. She's good. You have better chance of winning. Right. Well, you have a better now. Oh, it's speaking to have a great chance of winning. The Republican Dorses Jewelie Bergman man and the new republic stopping like a credible magazine many many years ago. So they made Morton contract. The editor of new republic which he's long gone but nevertheless he's the one attorney to a rag to joke. Democratic presidential hopeful Jewelie Bergman received a strong endorsement yesterday from the new republic magazine, but said they sent it from Connecticut offers the clearest bravest vision for the Democratic party. Right. We could just call it Republican party late. In its endorsement, the moderate political journal gave a blistering assessment of frontrunner Howard Dean saying the former Vermont governor doesn't possess the leadership skills to head the party not to mention the country. The Democratic party is racing back to the 80s with interest groups enforcing litness test on everything from partial birth abortion to steel tariffs and party activist dangerously out of touch with the country that feels threatened by terrorism not by Donald Rumsfeld and the new republic said. Dean has created this mood of self-righteous delusion and his competitors have to varying degrees accommodating themselves to it. Only Lieberman, the supposed candidate of appeasement, is challenging his party and during booze at event after event to articulate a different better vision of what it means to be a Democrat. Oh my god, I want to be ill. Wow. And that enough to make you want a puke? More than one. The endorsement came as new polls showed retired original Wesley Clark. Emerging as a strong challenger to Dean while Lieberman reigns far in the behind with his cittuses and his moths abroad. Pay us. Right. He's got kind of a pasty complexion. Oh, remember I was talking to you today about Robert Duva? Yes. See, that first caller and the second caller, the first one was a good call yesterday, but the second one that asked for, we just want to see the sound of his own voice was given the electorate about, well, you know, a lot of the stuff that you read, we already heard and know about, a lot of stuff that's on your wife's like, he's full of crap. He just trying to get you to not do that anymore. These full of crap. He's another probably a bushler. He's probably looking bush right now. Anyway, here's another example. Robert Duva'll see it's in a sunset all this morning. Duva'll says money was godfather three issue. I love Robert Duva. As an actor, personally, I'm beginning to just have my down. Need to see that one scene from apocalypse now. Yeah, what? Why is that? Because it's it's phenomenal. You'll watch it over and over again. That's performance ever. I'm going to have a tough time before I get back to Bobby Duva in voting on this this other I had no problem at all in the first one. I struggled a little Tampa. I mean Tampa to me for a city of that size. I just it is shocking even scour neighborhood after neighborhood block after block. It's it's just amazing. And you just can't find anybody that don't look like a mugwomb man. Like a goober. I'm serious. You remember, well, you got a little over in the shopping wall there. Sure. And we had 5,000 goobers there. They sure love us until Randy started doing that bull like thing. Oh, they liked that too. No, they did not like that. Not with her. Okay, Jim, it's incredible. What? Oh, Andy. What are you looking for me? No, she could tolerate one fact. They could put up with me for a while. But then when they had the herster doing that ducky thing, then oh my god, this is a bunch of goddamn, uh, faggot's over there. What it is. Like it. Yeah. So what's the point? We don't cotton to know faggot's up here. Well, but I'll tell you this. There's sure happen to be a lot of them over there in Tampa. Just drop your planes. First gay bar ever went to my life was in Tampa. It was called Renee's and Paine's ready for that. 1970, uh, two or three or something like that. How many years ago is that? That's a loop at all. About. Oh, man. I'm on mobile. But out you asshole. Mulfired as that coffee show. About what is uh, to this week. asshole. John Jerima. Facts is in says when I first got here. I walked into local bar. Everybody looked at me. The bartender asked me where I was from. I told him New Jersey. He asked what I did. I told him I was a taxidermist. He asked what was that. I said a person who stuffs dead animals. He all out to the crowd. He's okay. He's one of us. Ha ha ha ha. That's great. That is outstanding. Oh, right. That before. But it's. I did do what it's cute. It fits right in. So no. Well, I'm going to have a tough time figuring out which state I'm going to vote for. It's a real battle. Hey, well, look at back to Bobby Duval. 1213 at 560 WQM. Are you in a really crappy dead end job, Zach? If you're underpaid and maybe out of Schmitzluck. New years resolution don't just tap and you have to put your plans into action. You have to get off your ass and do something. All you have to do is reach over and grab the phone and call fast train right now to get the ball rolling. Call 1 866 fast train. Classes are underway right now during January. If you're committed, you dedicated fast train can assist you in becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months. What a piece of cake it is. That's right. You can get you a new high pain computer career in just four short months. And the demand for certified computer professionals is right now at an all-time high. It's getting bigger and bigger and bigger and that demand as well. Fast train offers convenient day evening and we can classes job placement assistance and financial aid for guys who qualify. So call right now. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train and tell that old timedreck told you to call and spread you to make that call. Check out fast train on the web at fastrain.com. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Hop on it at 1 866 fast train. We're sports radio 5 cc. You AMru Oh, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro But it's still a lot faster than reading the books about bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro We had to take time to get our money back this time when we did мы currently shooting Trust in the LEY We had to load up every anything Geschäft his wallet right afterекст find ya, bro, bro ahand su Богe thou need to do it bro, bro, bro, bro SKT arave ya stacking my money down. take that call online to first QAM hello. Hey. Yes sir. Hey, is Dr. Now? Speaking. Hey. Um, if you hate lots of Vegas. Yeah. You really hate brands of Missouri. Really? Why do you say I hate Las Vegas? I didn't say I hated I'm burning out on it. I don't hate it. Why? It's nice. Let me say it again. I'm burning out on it. I left enough of a contribution. It's just pondressing. I mean after a while, it's just, you move on to other things. I'm saying. Yeah. Okay. Well, line up another one in the sweet heart. Wow. Woo! Man, he must have a good shmit going. Yeah, he can almost smell it. Hmm. Well, that's maybe just outside the window here. Why do you know how liberal I are here? Dammit. Damn Canadians. Well, speaking of Canadians, I got a story about Sony Pop. They banned it in the schools. I got that later on. That's not going to do anything with all due respect. Okay. My fat Canadian friends. Then they could have cut the mustard. I say cut the crap. And they got just everybody's much as all the fast food joints here as you do anywhere else. It's just as the big companies, the multinational corporations continue plundering and looting and poisoning the earth and the people. Beautiful thing. Just like that story about all the species they're going to be a stink pretty soon. Yeah. The reason I'm suggesting is that he's not saying is global warming. That's just a comedy thing. That thing that, you know, people like Ted, Ted Dancer and Paul Newman keep screaming about. They just made it up. Anyway, and to Robert Duvall says the money was the reason he didn't appear in Francis for Copa was Godfather III. And in a view to err on 60 minutes too. Oh, it was last night. I would have wished I would have seen that. Oh, well, damn it. He says if they paid out, but you know twice what they paid me that's fine, but not three or four times, which is what they did. Doval 73 told 60 minutes to correspond to Charlie Rose. Excerpt to release the advance. Copa came to my farm, parked his car, went into the kitchen. I said, I know you always wanted the crab cake recipe. Let me cook it for you. Oh, he loves to eat so I cooked the crab cake. Roted down. And he forgot it so we called twice. He was more concerned that he forgot the crab cake recipe than that I would be in Godfather III. How do you like that? For any two of us nominated for a supporting actor Oscar for his role as Tom Higgid in 1972's The Godfather. He also starred in 74's Godfather part two. He won a best actor Oscar for 83's tender mercies. His other top films included Apocalypse. Now the apostle and a civil action. How come they left out network? What am I? Well, I'm just tired of it. I'm tired of it all man. Give it. Screw everybody. He was so great in network man. Yeah, well, give it up. God. He was what that was his name and network. Frank Hackett. Oh, it's. Yeah, you beat me to it. Frank Hackett. I'm in a Frank Hackett sitting in a chair where Mr. Rutter used to be. I don't think we have any network? No, no. No, no, no, no. I don't think we have any Tom Higgid clips. The only one where he was. Well, I mean, Kailus. He was speaking to him. Do you think we have any? Well, I would be in the arse. We don't have one Tom Higgin clip. Call up a peanut boy. All right. I mean, we got a few. We got a few sentino. You're taking a very push like that. And like. We're making sure. Oh, God. It's so good. But anyway, Robert, who was great. I couldn't. We should have seen that last night. Somebody else hit a call us and tip this off. They didn't do it. Shame on you people. Now, let's see. Before we start taking a few of these great calls and interspersed with these fantastic stories. IMF says rise and you as debt is threat to world's economy. Not that you people ought to be worried about that at all, of course. Not that anybody on the talking hit networks who want to inform you about this, or certainly not on CNBC since there are a puppet of the administration anyway. Now, since it's GE and are all in bed together, since it's all via a comeryl owned by the same crowd. In which American state will you find the high percentage of goobers were asked you now on poll number two? 64 votes. And so far West Virginia's got 12. Now, why not? How would that be? Because it's true. Colmenin Yahoo's. Yeah. Is it true? I'm trying to think if I wasn't West Virginia. I'm sure I've been through there. I've driven through it. I don't see there's a reason that there's a Virginia West Virginia. Yeah. There's a North Carolina South Carolina. Yes. When one, when one state pushes all the goobers to one side and they give them their own state. I don't give me that crap North Carolina didn't push all the goobers out of you. But they try. Oh, please. What was the last time you were there or the first time? I was there for a long ago. Say many years ago. And I drove real fast. West Virginia, 12 Mississippi 10 with a Van Joanne unique. Alabama 9 Florida 8 Texas 7 Tennessee's only got three. Oh, man. You folks must be Schmidt and Meary. Never been there. I'm going to see. I voted for Tennessee. Holy cow. I voted for. What did I vote for Georgia? We also as three. And you won the why? Why? Because even there that may not be any places. There's a place called Plains, Doja. And when you got the president's brother peeing outside, you know, on a walls and you think that's got to tell you something right there. So I think Plains might just be entry. Arkansas's got three, South Carolina three and the small potatoes act of that. We're just building this one out North Carolina's got a pair of Louisiana two and Kentucky one out of hole one. On yet for Virginia, and then I see you added some other ones on here. Montana, which I thought you told me is not the goobers. They don't know. They're already Colorado and Nebraska. Now they do know your out boys. You're selling a brass good shirt, Mr. I've paid that right now. Omaha. Oh, that's the middle of the Bible Belt. I'm going to tell you so I've told you this before and you just don't listen to me. Some of the most hottest looking people of any variety. The most you can figure out with there are in Omaha. Wow. What a corn fed spoon fed right here hot. It could be said for some of the southern girl. That's a fat toothless one. Do you see on Jerry? Yeah. Oh, you mean the ones who aren't trailer trash? How many of those are there in the south? Fuck, dude man. Right. Still come out of the trailer. Let's see. Booge in for we just found out it says the Humper is like right on the edge of a recovery, but it doesn't want to push it too far. You don't want to say. So we got the boog again today, which is on the first day of the new rating period. And we're loaded pretty psychotic about that. Come on, Humper get over it already. Even half a load is better than none. That's what Mo would say. Half a load is better than none. Hey, Mo. By the way, we hate you even more than we did yesterday, which is. You wouldn't write that down. If you want to told me yesterday that today I would hate more twice as much as I hated Mr. That was said, impossible. Is what I would have said. Not not possible. A new one coming after here after here in that crab. Oh, here's a more as is dude. I heard your cat bash. You can take a session with your comments. Cats are a great alternative for those who live in condos and can own dogs. Well, I do agree that litter boxes are foul and nasty. They're not always necessary. I have a four year old tabby. I trained to use the toilet my spare bathroom. I applaud your reference to raise money for the event. But please reconsider your cat stance. And surely I'm more as I love to see more assistance on it. Bulls. Yeah. Oops, Morris just fell in. And you don't have to have a cat to be a pressed by them. They'll come and spray your house and your tires. I've talked about that. Can I hit Michigan State at Abbott Hall during a summer school? I've heard it in show up mostly during the regular session. So I went to summer school and I was in Abbott Hall, which was a girls dorm. I think they knew something. And this cat showed up and I don't know. I took it in one day and I was a bad mistake. I gave it some milk or whatever and it just, and that was it. Yeah. And it wouldn't go away. And so keep coming around and I'd come into my room and I'd pick it up and heaped it against the wall. Stuff like I shouldn't admit that should I. It's bad. No, it didn't hurt him obviously or her or whatever it was. It didn't hurt it. And it just, uh, keep coming back. It was just desperate for attention and affection and love and I just kept slamming it, but heaving it. You know, heaving it gently against the wall. And it just, uh, it was fine. Didn't hurt it. It was kind of like Greg Reed. You know where there's no sense. There's no feeling. 27 pass known as 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage. You'll ever be needing folks. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. So get yourself the new low interest rate of only 1.25%. If you have 100,000 loan your payments are a mere 334 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 loan, if you only 608 a month, can't beat it. Don't forget what you'll be fine and to get you a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So column toll free. 1-800-940-land. Get the low rate mortgage. A deserve an end move. Do you next property without further cost of expense? Zero underwriting fee zero dot fees. You pay zero closing costs even when you move to another property. So get yourself the new low refinancing rate of just 1.25%. And never pay closing costs again. Ask about the only one mortgage when you call financial group toll free. 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-940-LA-ND. The renequal housing letter. Restrictions do apply. Rates are subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR. Hey, 6884. 7884. 508F. EUR. EXIT PLEAR NETAM оперator Auto Toyota. Lessters look like the track was messed up, so dropping out of the roof to drive the house. You areizer. 30. Workods.檢官. Bolton. Negation. I'm gonna be your brother, no, no I'm so lucky You say, and say, is the one You get nothing I only want it to be Take the word No point about your time We got it, that will help me and say We got it, we know the fact is the one We got it, we're gonna be Spurs life, we'll be You say, none of the levels with they got you to believe Can't get any gum or the low-one We got it, we got it, we got it You believe what they say And they say, like the call I'm a colorful, a beautiful, a beautiful place I'm still in a state of grateful We're too old, we're too old All the election of we got it We got it, we got it Let's go, on your knees We got it, we got it Prop 32 at 560 WCM You got sucked in by little squiggly jury A.K.A.8 many other names Was using even a new format on the fact Did it fall me? Didn't understand it I see, well It's another one of those You're attacking Howard again, and you have a right Yeah, I'm one of those stupid things Well, that's your answer little jury Carl and Homestead says, if I thought for one minute You were responsible for forl's firing, which I was not I would fly up there and kiss your big fat ass Listen to him, he was like listening to a pack of Fierle cats having sex, good riddance to him Says Carl and Homestead Well, I hate to break the news to Carl and Homestead But most of the Saudians liked him a lot How do you like that? Where did they come up with that? That I'm responsible, yeah, well, I guess everything's my fault Right How are we also the more that that Mowbloo Zackoff of his show too? Because Zack actually liked us a lot And we are talking about him, so therefore, yeah, we just don't matter at time Of course, anybody on Mow show is always just a matter of time That would have made a difference if we hated Zack Or maybe that would have Yeah, just have a spudty would have kept him on there We hate to Zack or too late Yeah, Britain is home town now, laughing at joke marriage Speaking of Yahoo plays can't would have, I want to change my vote No, seriously, Luziana man, forget about Joe, what you're forgetting about How's Luziana doing on that poll? I mean, Luziana never had the place Oh, geez, three votes, you never were there? No, sorry, yeah Totally, Mowbloo, watch out for 10 or 20 times again, okay? Believe me, what you see is what you get, I mean In fact, when you see all of those statistics, all of those surveys about which state has got spent the most on per child education Florida is always like 49th and Luziana is always 50th So try to pick out the think of the rest of Florida, all these places we were talking about today like Luz and two egg and stuff like that And then think of taking it down a couple of notches Ooh Sune them, same? They have visited places where they didn't have no run in water Oh, or in your plumb and still use the outhouse If they had run a water Luziana, somebody have to teach them how to use it And we're to stick it Can't what Luziana, if Brittany Spears marriage was just a joke on too far, the people in her hometown think the jokes stinks The people in Kentwood, Luziana population 2,200 Be cut off in the media friends in her thinking, what's Brittany done for Kentwood lately? Just kind of like what's Michael Jackson done for Dark folks lately, huh? But what a scam that was trying to get in the ination of Islam And all of a sudden he's like dark, wouldn't surprise me if his complicit starts dark and up again pretty soon He's got a stark incident at old black paint that Al Jolson used to use that old black magic That old black magic, that's it, darker Maybe he can get some of that kiwi shoe polish from Ronnie Ray Gun Reporters staked out to family home of her ex husband Jason Allen, her ex husband Jason Allen Alexander, who is really, I mean he's definitive Luziana, how do you see this here's yet? Oh man there's a picture right here They didn't need this, but all I money on the Martian rover, he could have flown it up there for him The sheriff was called into the spruce crowds two days in a row Alexander's grandfather says Alexander's father had a closest goat gay rise Or he works as a mechanic because we've got his kept in shooting on Monday The co-owner of a hair salon says she wishes the improvement of her own town Got as much attention as spears wedding Another resident says she's not building characters, she's not a mentor to anybody Nobody wants her to be a mentor, you idiot, if they just want to hop on her bones you moron Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's just on a bury their head and her boobies and just bang the crap out of her Whatever worker if they can't with museums says spears is just a very nice hometown country girl So what it says okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line Luziana baby I don't care how this pole comes out. I just I just got a reawakening Man is that a place or what? Alabama's leading so far in which American state when you find the high percentage of goobers Goobers man goobers Alabama 20 West Virginia 15 Mississippi 14 just changed again Alabama 22 West Virginia 16 Florida 14 Mississippi 14 Arkansas 11 Texas 10 Tennessee 7 Georgia 6 South Carolina 5 I can't believe you people man you ain't never been in Louisiana Kentucky North Carolina Luziana each have three out of one nobody else has none out of one 16 It's a little preliminary to start democratic conclusions But man Luziana's only got three holy crap man. Wow You see like like in Georgia the people there are crackers Right the only thing they do with crackers and Luziana's put him in there like chicken gumbo, you know, mmm gumbo. Yeah All that hot spicy food. I think it's to their brain or something or maybe inside the gum. Wow 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Yeah, put the idea on the list in the end of car actually should be on there. You're right. Thank you. So my son's a little like Reverend Jones And yes, that's okay, but he's right. That was name just another Yahoo Indiana wants me that's what our Dean Terry said I lived in holiday and in this guy's right and how many times have I told you about in Indianapolis? Oh, yeah, you think because it's an Indiana like you look on a map and it's like in the middle of the country or like even a little bit north of center And so you think that the people there will be like city slickers. They talk with deep southern drawland inapolis You only good thing about that town is Bob and Tom other net you can just Schmidt cannon So let's get in the anoron. You're okay. Okay excellent 560 560 I wonder if there's anybody in his audience who's been in Luziana more than like two or three minutes Let's see if I'm exaggerating or not. It's just it is just amazing. I mean just dumber than saw dust Dumber than our management WKM Yeah, okay great The state of highly I think this guy's in the state of confusion maybe maybe the death of senior crews put him over the edge What's that other countries? Yes, they's not third world countries okay, schmuck amigo amigo mele 560 560 pound 560. I think one of the greatest accomplishments. I can write it on my tombstone. It'll make those 31 people happy Wanted to answer my grave. They can carve it right on there. He's sold Luis Miguel records to redness in Tampa. Remember that That's my sister. That's my greatest accomplishment. I'm not going to change anybody's political opinions I'm not going to change the world, but I actually inspired the cracker redneck Yahoo's in Tampa to go to their record stories and buy Luis Miguel records It's that was and I'm not talking about the people in ebor city no spaghetti in glaze. They weren't listening to us anyway I'm talking about actual born again Bible thumping young who Sticking Jew-hate etc Let's hear it for all the middle aliens well, but suddenly Pretty soon you're gonna be like okay in our book. Yeah, I don't want to talk about that in yesterday because it makes me sick of my stomach Not that it was pandering you understand. Oh no After we went that spik boat No, I'll try to self-floor it where they already got it What a joke. What are the serious people waiting right now? Filled out all their paperwork waiting page me like legitimate people right know people who sneak in illegally That's made of papers lawbreakers and And to hear the rationalization all will be and they had some bitch on CNN yesterday They gave her like about a five minute uninterrupted the somebody from the administration and they just let her give propaganda But and she was talking crap and nobody challenged her These people are here in Chile. Well these are very productive people in their paying taxes and they have jobs Yeah, they have jobs that maybe some other schlepper might want and even Americans don't want here illegally Right, we don't want illegal aliens being legitimized Just though that president Bush can get a few more spik votes. I'd like to south west somewhere And if they would pay normal wages then Americans would take those jobs not to mention one of the one of these very few Issues that the Republican Party has ever had that I would agree with them on is illegal immigration the whole immigration issue I don't agree with him 8 million percent and not like a turn ass like this and suck up to illegal aliens Hey, listen, that's the Kieramitas man What a pile of crap so obvious and so flagrant this is the thing that just frost my SNF against you myself again get upset because I can't do nothing about it It's how stupid the people are we're talking to don't let me forget that article the S-fact where explains Bush's talk about already by Neil Starkman in the Monday Seattle Post Intelligence sir son our website Boys this is a great article. So it's right now. It's got a summer right on. I'm fact. I'm going to do it soon 1241 at five 60 WC or something you folks ought to do soon if your old mattress has served its purpose and if it's you know Blumpy and worn out they don't last forever. That's the bad news the good. Those is you can make one easy call and get you Great night sleep for months and years to come from my close personal piezons at dialometres celebrate the new year in comfort with a new mattress And dialometres to get all the top brands and they're excited and proud and thrilled on champ championship lineup Stearns a banana's foster is the finest mattress made anywhere in America and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight If you call 1-800 mattress right now and dialometres also carries the complete line of silly Suritah Simmons King Quarland temper pedic 2 shoes from dozens of models at low on beatable every day this Comprice is no baton swish no phony BS just the top merchandise the top goods going anywhere only The electromagnetor slouchy picked that to our delivery window that meets your schedule when it's convenient for you any day the week seven days from 8 in a Until ten at night with low prices same day delivery free set up and move on course delivery Deal like this it's easy to see by dialometres is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction Suduba George and Miguel and yours truly a lot of other people at QM or doing all the smart folks well Scott one That boy oh, Voka Brian Voka Brian as well. I can say all the smart people Know what I forgot to play today. Hi, I'm Paul even fat boy got that extra queen or whatever the hell out thing is Excuse her Martin call 1 800 mattress right now 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out online at mattress dot com To love your baby despite the fact that you gave her a really bad name and now your baby can hear her Avall moniker when you order a personalized copy of the bad baby name CD little girl No matter which horrible name you've cursed your offspring with it can be a part of each beautiful song on the bad baby name Your brutally james and public school young game We don't know what you were thinking when you named your newborn, but we're sure you'll think that that baby name CD is perfect for your son or daughter Who legally changed their name when they turn 18 over the name like that When you grow up You'll be fat over the you already made one gasoline mistake when you named your child Why not make another one and order the bad baby name CD our operators Eugene and Mabel Are standing by come out and a birthday and your sister she could be after birth. Oh Anybody a call G-lord for sure Oh, I don't want to go here anyway 1246 at five 60 WQM here's a great it's short. That's amazing isn't it? It's actually I do a gay lord did you was gay? Oh, okay, was he really did see what has I'll be danced Alabama moving into lead by the way with a banjo on its knee Alabama's got 26 votes. He just love Alabama. Come on down now 25 votes sorry West Virginia 19 Mississippi 17 Florida is doing well 16 What states got the highest percentage of goobers? Just change on me again. I want to see how Louisiana's doing is it moving up a little bit Louisiana still got only six it's sucking wind. It's 246 eight. Who do we appreciate? Louisiana's down there in ninth place it'll do better I guess these people ain't never been to Louisiana the only place they would have been in Louisiana It would have been millions I guess because they were drunk around all hell I think the god would have told that it was that's part of the problem The S-fact respect explains bushes popularity rights Neil Starkman and these Seattle post intelligence sir Don't forget to read that article the S-factor. Oh, okay Mayions awards have been written as to the motivations of voters Particularly in coastal elections as in the 2000 presidential contest Pundits and lay people alike have speculated on my people voted for whom the S-it pull has been a major tool in this speculation But the speculation misses the mark by far it's increasing the obvious for example That none of the so-called theories can explain present and bushes popularity such as it is Even at this date in this presidency after all that's happened the president's popularity Harvested around 50% and astonishingly high figure I believe given the state of people's lives That was the post of four years ago What can explain this popularity can that many people be enamored of what he has accomplished in a rack of how he's fortified our constitutional freedoms with the USA Patriot act or how he's bolster our economy or how he's protected our environment Perhaps they've been impressed with the president's personal integrity and the articulation of his grand vision for America Is that likely? Granted there are certain subsections of the American polity that have substantially benefited from this presidency Millionaires and charismatic Christians have recruited their material or spiritual fortification from bushes of administration But surely these two groups are a small minority of the population What then can account for so many people being so supportive of the president? The answer I'm afraid is the fact that they're dare not speak its name. It's defective that no one talks about the posters Don't ask it to me. You don't report it the voters don't discuss it. I however will blur out its name So that at last people can address the issue and perhaps it out strategies to overcome it. It's the stupid factor The stupid factor the S factor some people sometimes do no thought of their own are just not very bright. Scoop it It's not murdered that some people are insufficiently intelligent to grasp the nuances of foreign policy of constitutional law of Macau economics or the very agitated interplay of humans in the environment These aren't the people I'm referring to the people I'm referring to can understand the phenomenon of cause and effect They're perplexed by issues comprising more than two sides They don't have the wherewithal to expand the sources of their information and above all far above all. They don't think You know those people they're all around you They're not you else you wouldn't be reading this article this far They're the ones who keep the pearl shows on TV who appear as regulatory recipients of the Darwin Awards who raise our insurance rates by doing dumb things Who generally make life much more miserable for all of us than an ought to be said to say they can present a substantial minority perhaps even a majority of the populace politicians have been aware of this forever. They cater to these people the offer simplistic solutions to complex problems They evade directed questions with non-sequators. They are for meaningless jinglestic pap instead of thoughtful policy and these people the S people either dollop with a ladle I don't have a solution to this problem to claim I did would be lime our previous arguments But I do have some modest suggestions that might provide a start for discussion and Intelligence test to run the right to vote a Three significantly stupid behaviors in your outlaw Finds for politicians who painted the lowest commented nominator and deportation of media representatives who perpetuates such actions It's well pastime that people confront this issue no matter who's offended We're on the way to becoming a nation of invicils. I'm certain that a plethora of George W. Bushdofs has already been circulated in every capital of the world We can stop this sapping of our national integrity but we'll ask to it soon Less the more ones become the norm and those of us who use our brains for more than embracing advertising jingles are ourselves Osteusized from society let's start talking let's bring the s factor out of the closet into the daylight Where we can all see it gop at its hideousness and finally make serious attempts to bring it to bay What a great column you'll start from the wisdom to the The s factor explains bushes popularity. Oh, and see it all yeah, well see that's almost twice that we mentioned before Where there people would have brain larger than the penis it's amazing 5670560 pound 560s got his thumb right on him Man in the course the states that we're talking about Now the interesting part of it is And I wish tell I would have saved that thing see we always Schmidt can stuff that we should save later I remember what a tough time we had finding the electoral a map and All of the Bush one Oregon and I said you full of crap and turn out I was right for once the site was wrong But it anyway, let's take a look and just out of memory. Okay? I could screw up on this easily, but let's take a look at all the states that we've listed on our Goober are pull 155 votes Alabama's leading in the Anna Grow in Indiana no Montana Colorado Wyoming Idaho Virginia Nebraska Kentucky, South and North Carolina Louisiana and the girl when any of those did he win Louisiana? I don't think so Pretty sure he didn't pressure Tennessee Texas Arkansas Georgia Mississippi Florida Stolen West Virginia Alabama the only one I haven't and doubt is West Virginia No, he didn't win that Joe West Virginia very often goes down or credit. I remember saying that at the time did not win that gore So we've got 2468 who do we appreciate 1011? Let's see after the Carolinas 1315 17 19 states with goober's They're in running for the Cooper capital of America and the Bush one every one of money like that. Oh right is that tell ya? Speakin of the S word 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WM hello No, yes, sir. Hey. How you doing today sensational Great. I got a suggestion for your poll. Yeah. How about Missouri? Missouri Missouri No, I don't think I drove through St. Louis once like real fast. That's how the golden arch and that was about it never spent no time in Missouri But you know, I wish I was able to get through yesterday. I had a really good suggestion for your poll yesterday Hannity Holmes Or you liked a dance center. Great. Hannity was on there. Oh he was He's horrible. He got a vote. I got 31 votes so by the way. I was pretty proud of that. I was right on Michael Jackson's hands Yeah, they're probably all yahu's and Michael Jackson lovers and little pedophiles could be Hey, I Did you hear on the news they found out where all ofcedoms Chemical weapons were they're all on the US al-Afama Okay, and that was it we're the one holding it for him and have a great day 567 05 60 aunt that they win his mouth right those weapons of massdication. I like that myself Yeah, but nobody I'm not sure so when you stop and think about the fact that G Leno's got writers and he never says anything funny and Letterman's got writers who are getting paid a fortune. You know, they sit around You saw that piece where they showed Leno and the state of the morning Brains dormant and sitting around the floor and a crat that they come up with and you know When you when you just babble a lot of stuff, but like we do I mean sooner lady You come up with something pretty clever and I couldn't pay too much for it in your case 567 560 Pond Professor say that business about our one two are yes It was like a turning point. We had a phenomenal response on our website for the first time in a long time In fact post for our firing is a matter of fact it looked like we were on a verge of making a comeback Now we're taking these two stupid polls today and a website's a little on a week's have it. That's okay I have the feeling we're like to make a and we've turned a corner so to speak and Our operations manager he comes in it with his usual a lot of uh, I don't know not and I don't know not You know and then the program director He's too busy sticking his nose deep inside the beast rectum and so you know Need the one of them like oblivious and they got this giveaway thing with tickets to try to win Ties people listen to the radio station Do we get anything? No, we just had a death now month in November in a trend The worst month I think I've ever had in modern history of the in South Florida just a death now Where they just used that the the diaries is a weapon to attack us And so do we get an assistance nothing nothing nothing we have to tell them today because we're not sports We're not sports They can take their ball games man clearance can take that football and sherbet so far up in the back of me The beast will fall right out. I do like that. Oh the beast hit will flip right out next time How's Louisiana doing still always six? I'll be dead I'm thinking anybody's been in Louisiana except all means and I'll tell you oh we love all lanes We got drunk and I had a great time got lead the big easy at today a big good sleazy K-Jell WQAM hello Yes, sir the go over to our guy hello How you doing okay? How give you a run for Louisiana though the reason is really awful Arcadia and Florida I mentioned that last hour our Katie is unbelievable That's what they burned out the decadent was a himophilia What is it that's what they burned out to the kids family member. He called the eighth He's right that's right. Yeah, and that's where the metal is the two-sanders two and I think it's no coincidence Exactly Have a great day, paly okay hang in there hang in there. They're early and often this year man We're gonna have a real campaign more votein for Dr. Dean even if he don't win the nomination Dr. Dean right or Jimmy Dean Or Alan Burke he was the Dean That's this derby to you the Dean's stock well James Dean Dean came Dean can that's very good. He's super 5 6 7 0 5 6 you got some bands it's so man. What do you think that if he was super man? He had a better complex than that like Tom welling's got a real nice smooth compulsion I have a watch that show all season long aren't you embarrassed if you watch it? Oh the new season doesn't start till next week Or the whole whatever the the holiday This last season starting in the fall when he started with a new show is I knew really mostly I didn't see one of my just I just lost my interest It's just not a good show It was a It's a slow I mean how many times can you look at Clark in the Lanna and okay great We either gonna do something. Oh no, no the chicks were getting naked either no They had that one like that and then the blonde a sad sack what's your name? It's always Jones and for we always Joe Chloe. Yeah, you know just do something change it You know it's like passions my god I love that show. It's a panic, but sometimes it just goes on for weeks and nothing happens and by the way We need to see a hell of a lot more from of Mrs. Wallace lately And tell Alistair to turn back into Charlie who was a lot better as Charlie 567 I love doing it when I have I know that you have no idea what I'm talking about I'm the course Sheridan who still looks great even Mr. Jagger. She looks good My And a new Roger you want to do our has my personal stable approval But I'm not sure if that's the young Albus or a fat-out like you are what one man Trapped in a strange world must defend his owner his woman and also that weird coping The John rules is the last Scientologist it's his legitimate as any other major religion only The last Scientologist if you call him gay He'll sue you for a hundred million dollars, but if you call his religion crazy He'll catch you in half might wise with a horrible samurai story He's even willing to die for dionetics years the last Scientologist Tom Koen's ears the mass Scientologist Unless you count John to both a genital and a few other gullible Hollywood airards the last Scientologist is now playing with your mind Oh, now the sin that the chopper that went down blackhawk was hit by a missile I say and I they're also saying that all nine on board were American soldiers and they're all dead So that means that with the one up died in the mortar attack out of the 35th of the Winger one of them died So we got 10 dead American soldiers in the last 24 hours But you know we got bigger fish to fry we got more important things to worry about that like less by Pete Rose's book Right. I'm gonna tell you right now anybody by his Pete Rose's book We will come to your house. We'll send Luke and brought you in fat rich to break both your legs Assholes. Thank you Brad at Tony's I'll grab from Tony's brought to the guy's food and George is talking with his mouth I was polishing over here five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T Verizon wireless land only forget the moring down column to Tizzy over lesis I love it. No you love it. Yes, I do religious displays for debate nations parks We got to get to that and somebody sent us a whole bunch of things about religion again John Adams said this and Thomas Jefferson said that and This one said that etc You're a preacher the choir, baby. We agree with you But it's just a sense of situation because another thing if you look at those states on our mug lump group or list What's the one common denominator besides the ignorance level is religion? Good old time or the German I bet you you find more churches Per capita per square inch in those states then you'll find anywhere on a face of the globe even in Jerusalem even in Mecca Imagine pity in mecca. Nope. Alabama 29. I don't like to grammar on a polaric I don't want people to think you're illiterate. He says in which American state has the highest percentage of goobers Go to think we leave out the word in right I mean like bubble would say what does it mean? What what's what can you get a what what? Which American state has got the highest percentage of goobers? Alabama continues holding the lead I'm trying to think if I ever stopped in Alabama. I kept on going. I drove through a lot of them states I missed those central states And I think if I wrote a bus central states you call Alabama's a central state. Oh, you know what do they love to start her Not on the coast It's not on the coast that this coast Not the sides just keep going man. Oh, you'll be in China pretty soon eating civic cats Alabama 29 West Virginia 23 Mississippi 21 Mississippi Florida 20 Arkansas 17 Georgia's got 15. I voted for Georgia, but I'd like to change my vote Texas 13 Tennessee 12 North Carolina 8 Louisiana's got eight I wish I could vote for Louisiana I'm gonna go home and vote for Louisiana when I get done South Carolina 6 Kentucky 3 Nebraska 2 1 for Virginia 1 for Idaho And none for Montana while in Colorado in Indiana I think that's a different breed is what we're talking about five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hey, yes, sir. I want for the Holder pull the dance from a grateful young That would be the well actually more than one because it's an institution the electric moral college. Yeah, I am in And know that definitely definitely to the half in yesterday So it should happen three years ago Right and also well then different Super total I must super poll 10 there ones that put the goober and goober and tour or you got it have a great day, man I'll see you the border 5 670 560 pound 561 man one vote whatever happen to that concept This will what please do you how many people seriously how many people in America? I do think have any concept of what the electro colleges I'm sure the man I think it's some little school like in North Florida somewhere 30% not like we see yeah No, I'm not 30% 30 people. Oh, okay. Oh, okay Okay, okay, carry the way now. Oh, I love that I hope I saved that I bet I should make candid I'm gonna it's on our website. I'm gonna print it out again about the S word Oh, it's not this polite to say to miss company, but why not not that's true Why do you think your spring has got an unlimited supply for his audience there and for also with the people on the panel especially the part But I got you two below Mrs. Tippie. They're smart You said that's what's wrong with your man too many cheever rich too many peanut butter and Anna sandwiches What a hog, huh? Well, that's the price of fame, man. That's the price of fame just has to be still telling Look at the way he ballooned up again like our pig. He's He's moving back into the Moshe was what I'm hearing there have a great deal of difficulty finding someone Anybody out there in the world like to work on the Mosheo I'm doing a world wide turrets. I heard that anybody who's hired to work on a Mosheo after the first couple days I'll probably be a no show is what I'm hearing they're digging just like man. It's got no show same difference, right? Absolutely. Thank you Let's see it says you give me a ration or crampia that they want to send in the facts that the move on dot org goes for the alternative ads was not working Well, they keep sending me notices on the countdown for holding and rake it right I can't well don't be Jesus What am I supposed to do about this the ads are great? Yeah, they are great from move on dot org Just man talk about a winers one thing when people wind in your ear when they're winding on your fax machine as bad There's nothing worse than winding just ask what's his name from clockwork orange. What was his name? Alex right How is that? Your large he was winding was it large? You look kind of large to me when he's standing there getting his his his Prison outfit and with that scene the sergeant six double five three two one hung your right down there on the table I'm I'm 60 pound I'm 60 pound he needs a hinty and Verizon wireless line what a great movie man. Oh, yeah, great one of the all-time best WQAM hello QAM Yes Crazy person WQAM hello I wanted to tell you about something happened to me in New Orleans. They're right at Very gentlemanly older gentleman cab driver talking to me about where you from I said I'm from Miami and he said He said how them Jews niggers of sticks doing in Miami Yeah, I said well, I don't know about the niggers and the Jews, but us fixer doing just fine Yeah Real gooper no you wouldn't want to know looking at him but once you open his mouth TV establish it clearly I got you got a big tip, huh? Yeah, I give a big tip And I hope you're stuck in the right place, too. Okay. I like your pali. I like don't go back don't go back again, man Oh, that's the Nashville thing. They're very they have no problem talking about Kyaks and Spicks and Niggers and all that and a Nashville No, although some of them are clever enough to try to like you know covered up a little bit, you know Not too much. Oh, you're just gonna love Nashville. There's two kinds of people people in Nashville And then everybody else like them people from the Northeast and M. Jews, you know Yeah, wow, what a place man. I couldn't get out there fast enough Although it was really it was kind of a trip though. We had on WLAC 40 H states we took it was 1980 It was right before the 80 presidential election and we took a poll I think was either the 90 40 election or a couple of days before and we had calls from 48 states Ready for this that is that impressive or what? Without being syndicated with out nothing because of that phenomenal signal WLAC hit And Reagan won an landslide and show enough just just the way the poll came out I mean maybe just a coincidence, but just the way our poll came out. He just whipped Carter's ass big time How do you like that? What do you think about the homosexuals? 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line work kicking ass baby our own We got the mad dog at two right booster for the alien humperman for the loaded four Hank this is gonna be four days in a row That's bad are we getting any news on his condition on no What condition he's like any raggers in the first edition said no? Well, why not? I don't know I think that the people out there a little bit concerned about the humper and so am I and I'm sure that this was everybody Also in the building we care about Hank unlike Moe Absolutely wish you know if I maybe we could like get what's your name Linda Blair And Father Mary and together again we can conduct an exorcism We can take we can take the evil spirits out of the humpers body and stick it into Moe's Black dome right? It's good to me. Yeah, I like it WQAM hello Yeah, how do you do the You had a question about a couple articles right on the Radio I wanted to know for a good person, sorry go ahead You know Neil Starkman the edge factor you know where I could find that right on our website Neil Rogers dot com it's under right now today Okay, and there is one yesterday from a summoning Tom Harbin I don't know where that came from it's also on our website if you if you click on above the stories There's a link it says for articles from previous days the features page and just click on yesterday's date and you'll it's right on there Wonderful. How do you like that? I like it you ask it. We got it. Thanks a lot, pal. Let's see. How do you all? Like that other people actually weed in the articles which this crap about what you should be reading on here I'll do whatever to hell. I want how do you like that? Oh, sirs. I'm serious if we said here went Like that which is a little bit too much chatter will get Tom ridge all upset A chatter will have red alert pretty soon if you don't want all the rumour has it that we're going back to yellow alert pretty soon We're not supposed to tell you that I mean nobody nobody's supposed to tell you that but that's the rumor Is that we're soon going back to yellow alert Now what level of alert do you think we're going to be in in the days and weeks just before the 2004 election November? They're going to scrap the whole system because the world will be safe by that right that's right Now that we got Sodom things are a lot better We're safe even though we had 10 American kids butchered overnight again last 24 hours Even though they're still dying in Afghanistan that's over though Oh, that's right for that part of it is over. We saw that GI George That didn't work out too well, so that we had that damn I mean they they even talk about it blatantly about the first photo I didn't work out so we had to take that fake turkey that's stuck turkey to Iraq that there was gonna say to bag that but actually was to the airport right It was gonna be a lot of the troops what they thought about it and of course they didn't see him because he was out there in one place And then high tailed it out there how come here? We decided it was so much safer to be in the city and actually moving around a little bit and talking to some people How come that is not that I'm defending that page, but how come that was okay for her But I'll present an end day man a damn you're turned around on my back and I was all based on a Vogue's story They made up about the the B.A. the British airways of the pilot who saw a bogus bogey yeah, Vogue's bogey God, it's just but but the end you know I feel a lot better after we've met as factor thing man You know what I'm saying because at least here's somebody else articulating what I've been seeing all along It's you just not supposed to say that you know because it sounds like condescending like it and believe you Me, I don't think I'm very smart Maybe smarter than average Georgia, you know and George has all this encyclopedia of meaning was trivian is mine, which is great But if he was so smart how come he's working for Greg Reed? Right, because I need to go right there you go So for so smart what the hell are we doing here working for peanuts? George and Josh? I mean, I mean what he's making you couldn't even afford to buy today's lunch one What's he gonna do exactly he's why 20 is he really just he's a little bit too old for Michael 5670560 pound five 60 on a 18-t I'm telling you all of the different calls I've had over the years It's amazing to me how they like it various times rush Back through my feeble brain. It's just especially that one bitch. Well, you know you could be saving the world and do something productive But you'd rather sell out for ratings and than can't afford to the morons out there. Yeah, I remember I talked about her the other day, but I just can't get her out of my head What a nasty hateful miserable swat. I hope you died already honey. Okay I hope somebody ran over you with a goddamn attractive trader and just ripped your ass in the smithorines In fact, it's too bad that you and mole weren't hanging out together when it happened God what a piece of Schmidt 1th 13 he is he is man. I think you could pick or you could pick seeds out of his arms 113 that finds 60 WQ. Maybe a little bit corn out of his earlobe too probably under his balls What was his room? Yeah, in fact it was Amsterdam. It was a store of much one of the mushroom stores. There are many and said these used to be under most balls Hey horse racing fans and poker players. Pompo Park racing in cardboard was got the gambling action that you're looking for Just a half mile from both I and I defied the Florida turn pipe Pompo Park is easy to get to invest of all Pompo Park features free admission and free general parking every single day Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday including tonight poker starts at noon in fact it's already going today noon the midday and live racing gets underway night The 7.05 PM 5 minutes a week every Monday at the track 2 for 25 dollar dinner special top of the park restaurant Every Wednesday night dollar night for draft beers so this hot thousand lots more and every Thursday Like tonight is ladies night at Pompo Park with two for one drink specials just for the ladies But you hope that young couple comes back that was there last time I was there. Oh God You would have just been crap in your pants and I was too man. It was sitting right beneath us there Fat rich pretended not to see him. Also every night at the fourth floor players room There's a 7.95 plate of dinner special There's also gonna be a special tribute on Monday, January 19. That's a week from this coming Monday On remart and Luther King Jr with one race featuring African American drivers plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial race Lou Williams was great man. It was a little bit of a problem, but he was great Pompo Park also opened seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness through a bright and high-high Action from all across North America feet of watching wager on Simon casting at its best Pompo Park a block South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race scheduled 9.549722000 or go on a web at Pompo Park.com don't forget live racing two nights 705 PM at Pompo Park A American Idol it was dread it's dumb and credit idols They also want to get off yes Yes Get off you ain't seen nothing yet You ain't seen nothing yet Do it do it and they died didn't have 200 sexual audiences do it do it Democratic Idol on Fox this fall Soon for who I really am thank you my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Thank you Elvis Happy birthday to Elvis it Elvis Presley's birthday and soupy sales and who is the other one? I forgot Bad Very good even though it's not right anyway judge will change Peterson trial location do we care about that? No, but we're supposed to see. Oh, look at that picture Mark Gergo's on here man. Oh, man. He is such a dipshmit. He makes me ill a judge said just a while ago. He moved the location of the trial of California man accused of killing his wife in their unborn son No additional details were known about Stanislav's county superior court judge L Your old amy's decision to move the trial of Scott Peterson away from his hometown of Modesto, California Through a selection for Peterson's trial schedule begin January 26th of Modesto, but that date may change as well What are you got? There's bushes and Florida Who is that that's gonna be cathedrals that I'm seeing there? Who is that bitch? You'll see that yeah Yes, it is I thought it was I thought it was you know you wait up It's the same thing oh, it's cancer in here. I knew it. I could smell it right through the hoodie at the smell I just want father here and his brother and then we have 10 cameras possibly getting ready to run again And we have a ballot dispute in an election So nothing really has to change the smuck from the uponbeats post on their Frank Serubino. Hey Frank you're a kiss into much And so okay you're looking too much bush So there you go. They're gonna move the other gonna change the venue when they Peterson trial Mark Gergo's got a Schmidt eating look on his post is usual something about guys with the certain kind of a mustache, you know You know what I mean yeah, well like rumor That kind of a mustache the whole mustache state never invent and never invest any money would a guy like that Which he wouldn't have Eric better take that word in out there. They're gonna think he's totally a literate which American state will you What oh, I see he read it in which American state will you find the highest percentage of govers my bad Eric you're the best Alabama 32 Mississippi's got about 30 man West Virginia 27 Florida has got 25 Arkansas see I think I can buy that because at least Florida's got a datebroward and Palm Beach and Monroe Whereas these other States you look around and say okay well, where's where are the intellectuals? I hate to say in the last class of the country today right where were the big city slickers? You know where the people who are actually were once in a civilized place a dog You know Florida 25 Arkansas 22 Georgia 21 Texas 16 I bet you there's plenty of the Texas is so freaking huge Yeah Takes a lifetime just to drive through it Tennessee 13 Louisiana 12 at least it's in double digits now It's right on Tennessee's ass North Carolina 10 South Carolina 9 how do you like that George put that your pipe and smoke it? Oh, there it's it's there's Hicks Kentucky six the brass guitar Virginia one out of whole one Indiana one out of two 28 Wyoming Colorado my tender have any No Grover's no three states. Thank God 567.05 60 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon Marbles line did I put somebody on hold online too? Hello Neil yes, sir. Hey I only got the tune in about 12 30 but did you see that I think it was on 60 minutes last night about one bush was governor of Texas Now we put pressure on all the schools out there to improve their dropout rate and He never improved the dropout rate, but he just he was trying to make teachers accountable for the students that were dropping out and They what they were doing is they were instead of writing down the code for the student dropping out They would just say that the student transferred to another school when in fact they were dropping out Yeah, I'm running those leaves leave no dropout behind program Yeah, well, he got up on his soapbox and wave his arm and said look what I've done here now Dropout rate is gone down when in fact all the teachers that they interviewed it all the schools all over Texas We're saying that they're hey there's something wrong cuz I know for a fact These kids are dropping out of school. They are not Being relocated to other schools that dropout rate in fact was it was the same or it was then most of the rest of the schools in the country Smoking mirrors man smoking mirrors. Yeah, he was and here he was waiting for the news says the students in our Texas camp beat taught you know in a bulletin high-ores Good like to us, paling. I hope he falls off and breaks his neck We're dumping that there's some good news. I'll see you there. Do you dump that all the time? Yes, there's good news about what We passed out of a room where in run CFO Andrew fast out of plea the overducing or prison time Gen Rogers and Houston will check you. I want to know like Kenny boys gonna be on the inside That's what I'd like to know. Well, that's what this deals all about I understand that I'd like to know when Kenny boys are gonna be cool and his heels in there for about 20 years God, good man years Shouldn't we be allowed that to a tomatoes out of like remember the stocks During the colonial days When they put someone in stocks me when he started talking to artists stocks I thought we're talking about midchurch again. Oh him too. Yeah, let's throw some tomatoes at him I'd get us bad. The gelidress should be allowed to well what I lost I could probably buy every tomato in the country 567560 And who can pick them look at that phone man. There's not a line ringing on there on screen That's gotta be a hoot man. It really tells me See in the problem being this poll we got here now. We don't need to add any more states to it. See what I'm saying And so now unless the phone is disconnected So it sounds like it's working fine to me their mom which means I can read all the rest of my bedtime stories Oh back, it's okay. Well, it's okay with me because they got nothing to say WQAM Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I got a good redneck state for you Yeah, yeah, yeah, I line it is my vote and I'll tell you why the other hair I was riding through that state coming home for New Year's Eve and I get pulled off or by All this herhuckleberry Right right he comes up to the window and he's like more come on out of that car And this ain't the right to fly state Because that's gonna be 104 you got to find and you got to play that right now Or I'm taking you to jail I'll be then so I'm like everybody get your wallet out And let's give the nice officer what he wants So we could be on our merry way. He's like thank you welcome back. Come on back to South Carolina whenever you can This is all the cool. It's you know you got to say right y'all come back now here y'all right So I'd rather I'd go around if I have to go up more I'll drive all the way around. I'll never ride through that huckleberry town again Even hop in the old boat and take the ocean past There you go good luck Say how daily on 5 670 560 don't forget all those illegal aliens now see it too many was near a little bit sooner You could have probably stayed and worked at the you pick them The pack of stenties they work at you float them and of course the Mexicans they work at you pick them what a joke And again, you'll see he think they used to call Reagan the Teflon president They've had other politicians they called Teflon this one this man is the the ultimate He's the ultimate Teflon human being and I use the term loosely There is absolutely nothing that he can do or say that's gonna get the media to finally open up a mouth or certainly most of the public Maybe it's that s word coming to play again Thank you could be I know it. I know what s stands for trust me you can smell it 1 26 at 560 WQA and we got the mad dog at two the booster is in again today for the Humper who's who's ill and bad I guess he's under the weather Too many too much halvah. Maybe one too many meals that either Joe Stone grabs at the rascal house to think I might have been I think that could have put them over the edge Loosen answer to hopper one we sure is how long I'm back tomorrow. Don't we? Absolutely I mean if we get through this entire week without the hopper we got real tourists Entourage diabetic is a product you ought to check out because it's a meal replacement drink that tastes great It's made for people living with diabetes and also everybody wants to cut down their sugar intake Which these days is just about everybody and to rest diabetic is sweetened with splendour Which is made from sugar so you have known and nasty after taste like you get with drinks that are made with asked retain and saccharine Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big hurry Intererech diabetic because they completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins of minerals You need for a healthy life plus it's full of fiber and antioxidants yet it's low-insaturated fat and cholesterol too and rest diabetic is also gluten and lactose free and eight ounce can provides you 237 calories of easily digested nutrition You can pick it up all over town now. It said publics wall greens anchors Navarro Sedano's CBS another local pharmacies to Try and rest diabetic once and I guarantee I'll bet your Georgia's life on it You'll never go back to whatever you would drink and be for in fact the makers of interest diabetic are so sure You're love it that they're given away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavor Anybody who calls their toll free number 1 866 368 3739 or faster yet order your online at Intererech diabetic.com just click on for free samples tell an at kneel sent you by for the delicious one And when you mentioned my name get yourself an additional special gift here's the toll free number to call again for your For example 1 866 368 3739 You drenched back You I'm so patient, I'm comfortable, I'm just a close Hanging side by side, I have so bad with you Then I want to technically feel the band So re-produre different, if I had so bad with you I never will, if I had so desperate cause I wouldn't sound like Kelly Clarkson A couple of testicles, like the band of wedding If my baby is before Maybe I have some real bands If I had a couple of days, if I had so desperate cause If I had so desperate cause 130 to do it 5, 60, WQM Have you ever heard of a planet that he does? He does, he's up at Sun? Huh? Yes sir. Stars usually heat up their family of planets But an amazing reversal on astronomers Discovered a planet that's actually heating up its Sun Just like that broad in Palm Beach, or she likely heat up your Sun If he's about 11 or 12 years old, no, not that kind of Sun Canadian astronomers reported this week that there's study of a large planet orbiting a star and 90 light years away It shows that the magnetic field of the planet is producing a hot spot On its parent's Sun, a reversal effect of Sun has on its own planet Such as the Earth The planet is one of 119 known extro-solar planets I'm just that orbit stars rather than the Sun The star called, and it's got like a number, is very much like the Sun H-D-E-E-E-F-E-E-Numbers The planet is a gas giant, 270 times larger than the Earth Almost as big as Jupiter, the largest planet in the solar system It circles very close to its parent star, completing one orbit every three days And moving a 350,000 miles an hour If Ganyas Skolnik, who used to work at Shloimy's Of the University of British Columbia and Vancouver reported yesterday The national meeting of the merciless astronomical society That she and other astronomers have discovered that as the planet orbits its star It causes a hot spot within the outer gaseous layer The hot spot moves across the surface of the star Keeping pace with the planet, but just a little bit ahead Skolnik said she said measurements are more than a hundred orbit Show that the hot spot on the face of the star Exactly matches the motion of the planet It puts the motion in the planet, ready for that? Wow, pretty interesting for those who can follow that Religious displays, square to eight nations park Why can't you religious assholes leave the rest of us alone Believe our own good Just leave us alone, believe There's no ping us Oh, god With this eye catching photographs of the grand canyon and the blue waters of the Colorado River The hardbag grand canyon in a different view is a medium cellar at the National Parks bookstore But But the books claim that the grand canyon was formed as a result of the great flood of Genesis And is therefore only a few thousand years old has thrust the park into the debate of whether it's fitting to display religious materials at public sites The book by former Colorado River guide Tom Veil Includes a collection of essays by fellow creationists Who favor a Bible-based view of Earth's formation Veil and his wife are founders of canyon ministries Which organizes Christian white water rafting trips to the canyon Some critics say the book is the latest example At the National Park Service has cave into pressure from conservative and fundamentalist Christian groups A comedy in their request to post-urlter materials The overall concern is that the top managers of the park service are implementing a conservative agenda That is at odds with their duties as custodians and nations heritage Said Jeff Rook, director of public employees for environmental responsibility A non-profit group of federal and state resource workers But National Park Service officials deny the accusation Say they seek legal advice before acting The criticism began just weeks after Grand Canyon and different view when I'm saying the park spokesperson August said park spokeswoman Don Ossicke This is a book that by its cover Shouts of this is a biblical interpretation of how the Grand Canyon came to be in only a thousand thousand years This is a decision to approve an essay religious book Grand Canyon officials let the book on the story shells but refer to the National Park Service headquarters for review And The dispute over the book came only weeks after a script you're bearing displays posted at the park house to similar debate They led the signs removal and return Packs quoted the Bible were first placed at senior points of the canyon south rim about 30 years ago By the evangelical sisterhood of Mary Grand Canyon officials took them down this summer after an inquiry from civil libertarians and consultations with the US solicitors office Ossicke said Then the National Park Service ordered that the place be returned to the Grand Canyon while officials took a second look at the issue now The just the department is reviewing whether the plaque should be taken down permanently or remain on the park We're just not comfortable making that decision Well, there you go They just won't stop they won't stop they got a stop Look at anywhere they got the bumper sticker on their car. They got the plastic Jesus on their hood. They got it everywhere They even got a patient on their car Mary freakin plays they have to do that. Why is that because otherwise the your blood will be on their hands If they don't get you into heaven even against your will As Confucius once said a hub and dread That's what he said just because you're too stupid. It know how damned you are Yeah, I want the part of the mainstream man. I want I want to be able to say I follow the S word Stupid Morey doubt in today's New York Times. It's also on our website Tizzy over Lizzy's She says I bet President Bush is more worried about putting on weight now that his knees hurt too much from the run Then getting reelected. I've made a New York's resolution to give up dessert because he's more scared of facing his inner fat boy Is one bush pal calls the earlier beefy or beard-racking incarnation of W. Then Howard Dean after all the Democrats seem puny wandering around Iowa And more Americans are pronouncing themselves pleased with Mr. Bush. They like him even though Osama and Al-Qaeda are still lurking and frothing Even though we couldn't get through the holidays without an orange alert and flight's being canceled and even though Iraq is still Or free fires own after awarding it rid of weapons that may not have existed A top Iraqi rocket scientist told a Washington Post that he had hidden his designs for nine nine time missiles from you and inspectors But that the weapons themselves did not exist Carl Rove has the old forever well in hand despite the distraction of nosy partners from justice to try to out the official who out in undercover CI officer The president and vice president have raised $138 million and are showing a brutal willingness to do whatever it takes to secure key bases The president courted his spanx by saying we try to withstand more legal rights to illegal immigrants by offering a new temporary worker status He courted the religious rife by saying he would not try to withstand more legal rights to gaze by offering a new marital status Mr. Bush has decided to offer legitimacy only to those dispossessed groups of Americans society who may be politically useful to him The president said making illegal immigrants legal but honor our values while conservatives went on TV to how old that Mr. Bush was rewarding criminal behavior The president probably figures that the Republican-led Congress will never pass it anyway so he can get credit and states like Florida without having to deal with the results Mr. Rove presumably thinks he could actually corrupt California by going south and legal immigrants even though Arnold Schwarzenegger won their after getting tough on illegal immigrants on the hot button issue Whether they could have drivers licenses While Republican strategists argue about whether to turn some poor gay couple who got married in Vermont and to Willie and Willie Horton Or just use the issue in targeted spots in blue-nosed red states so the president doesn't seem bigoted the culture is racing ahead Women kissing women often is a strange way of turning on men has become such a staple of entertainment that by the time a don and Brittany did not stay it seemed more stale than shocking The Washington Post reported on Sunday that lesbian love and swept high schools here you can see this new trend on Friday nights outside Union station Sweethearts from high schools around the Washington area some locking lips these girls pack and defranco concerts and no tattoo lyrics by heart The retention is usually directed exclusively at each other but not always a group of girls at a private school in Northwest Washington charge boys 10 dollars to watch the girls make out in front of them I'd give it a 20 Love 20 As the least glamorous of all minority groups, lesbians and now cover girls show time as a vampy new program about lesbians and LA called the L world Or a word that landed Jennifer Beals and its other sexy female star. Would you calm down that landed Jennifer Beals and its other sexy female star semi nude on the cover this week's New York magazine with a headline not your mother's lesbians And marines says I didn't know my mother had lesbians. Across between sex and the city and bud a budwiser add the L word features women sitting around the table at a restaurant Tartly dishing and dating, Vishing about dating, grooming and getting pregnant, but with these very unfaneled lesbians the search for fresh meat and new blood is confined to one sex Babies come through a sperm and a cup the waxing discuss their even ronchier and the weary worldly bond moths are along the lines of lesbians think friendships in other word for foreplay It's hard to figure but America seems ready to embrace W and the L word at the same time the new L word that is. How do you like that? That's a good point. Yeah, I love the W myster and they love bikes too. Yeah, 567.056.056.056.080 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I teach till 2 at QAM. I teach QAM. I stand. Alright. Sorry. We made a mistake. A vision that we explained. But covering that whole lot theory and soil. Fixing that whole thing with weapons that we break. It's no more turmoil beginning to boil. We stand in our time again and not me here we have been all. Searching for our pieces for endless sounds. Some people claim we got George Bush by your right. It's all George Bush's fault. I'll buy to visit the president's favorite Elvis song. I know that you don't know who is always open down your pants. You can't find along my mind. When you think when Campbell's thinking about that right now. Oh, sorry. There's same player there, R-405-6. I've mis tomar at 을 8.0573. No. Those Red Hot Panthers, man, they got 37 points. There were only 6 points out of 1st and a brutal, a really bad division, the all-time worst. I am F.S. As Ryza U.S. That's his threat to the world's economy. I mentioned that before should I read like a little bit? Yes. Well, nobody cares, the markets are up again today. There's coal and powla on there. There was a capability within Iraq. Yeah, right. He's responded to the Carnegie report that says that war wasn't the best option. That's right. But I mean, it's like talking about preaching the choir, being in that house. They said there were no weapons of mass destruction and it was almost represented. In fact, before I get to the IMF's, the rail actually used that one. For the BBC, of course. Bush administration officials have been accused of misrepresenting the threat from Iraqi weapons of mass destruction. The accusation comes in to report from the influential left of center Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, which opposed the war in Iraq. It also said there was no evidence for the claim that Saddam Hussein would give such weapons to terrorists. U.S. and UK said it concerns over weapons of mass destruction justified the invasion of Iraq last March. Meanwhile, a 400 strong U.S. military team that was searching in Iraq for nuclear biological and chemical weapons reportedly has been withdrawn. Bye-bye. See ya. And that has been the consistent view of you and inspectors. Yeah, right. You're a freaking liar, man. You're a sellout. You're a piece of crap in your sons and even bigger, too. How do you like that, Roland colon? You make me sick. Anyway. I'm going to take a look at the statement that the United States is running up a foreign debt of such record-breaking proportions that it threatens the financial stability of the global economy according to report released yesterday by the IMF the International Monetary Fund. Prepared by a team of IMF economists to report Sunday loud alarm about the shaky fiscal foundation of the U.S. Quetchening the wisdom of the Bush administration's tax cuts and warning that the large budget deficit's post-significant risks not just for the U.S. but for the rest of the world. The report warns that the U.S. You know, it would seem to me that when they had these debates instead of asking stupid questions like boxes or briefs or stupid ask crap or crap like that, they may be they ought to get a little bit more dialogue about stuff like this. You think? Yeah, but then who'd watch? Oh, no. That's right. The report warns that the U.S. net financial obligation to the rest of the world could be equal to 40% of its totally economy within a few years and unprecedented level of external debt for a large industrial country according to the fund that could play a havoc with the value of the dollar and international exchange rates. And let me tell you personally right now, just having come back from Europa, the dollar and worth a crap. You can't buy squat. You can't even squat on it. The euro is now like a buck 2728 something like that. And even the Canadian dollar is up to like almost 80 cents a. Two years ago today the Canadian dollar was worth 62 cents against the U.S. dollar now it's like 78.5 cents. Enough to make you barf. The danger according to the report is that the U.S. voracious appetite for borough and could push up global interest rates and thus slow global investment and economic growth. Higher borough and cost abroad would mean that the adverse effects of U.S. fiscal deficits would spill over into global investment and output to reports said. I didn't like course the White House proposed it, but many international economists said they were pleased to report raised the issue. The IMF is right said C Fred Burston director of the Institute for International Economics in Washington if those twin deficits of the federal budget and the trade deficit continue to grow. You're increasing the risk of a day of reckoning when things can get to quote him, pretty nasty. Kind like Moe, you know. Absolutely. Pretty nasty. That's Moe who got Zack can't off his show again this week. Every time I heard those words, pretty nasty. I think of Moe. Not so much the pretty part. Just an nasty part. Charles and dear field bead says since the name of the anniversary of the murder of John Lynn and how come nobody told us that they're talking about the Elvis, huh? He just did. Nobody, I'm talking about earlier. Well, yeah Elvis, every time I think of John Lynn, I think of Elvis. Don't you? No. I felt a fact I wrote last week, but never sent might still be appropriate. Charles and dear field beech. In regard to your pull on John Hinkley, I see nothing wrong. I just want to make sure that I read this. Nothing wrong with letting this nut case out for a supervised weekend. I'll write, but if it were up to me, it wouldn't be to have somebody dinner with mom and dad. I'd say if he's so goddamn well, why not have the spendest time doing something worthwhile like bathing, dressing and feeding Jim Brady for example. Good point. Of course, the next thing you know, we'll hear that they know I let Mark David Chapman out, but they also gave him backstage passes to him a carton concert. Excellent job, Charles and dear field beads. Oh, rest going. The Battle of Elvis and John goes on. Have another sandwich, Elvis. Have another pizza. Hey, sure like his cheabers, you know what? He played a butterman or something. Too bad he wasn't around when we had cheabers cheabers cheabers going. I know he just loved it. He probably would be the best customer. He'd buy the change. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, probably where it right around his next. 5, 6, 9, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0 And when you read what these old song, this, they're pretty long, we can't release, But you all feel healthy, feel free, you try to feel on music, find out how many every three, You hear from our lawyers, when it's seen, when it's seen, when it's seen, When it's seen, when it's seen, when it's seen, we will slowly bounce off, when it's seen, We don't need to break, we don't need to break, we don't need to break, That's why we recite the letter we, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, You stop the rich culture is not free, Alright, one country session five, 60, WQM, Maddog Stan and Subby, So to get to the Awardsian Canada School Crack Downing Canadian kids will learn in the low cooked songs next, years software companies pulled, carbonated software rings, hospitals, and elementary, middle school officials said Tuesday, day. Responding concerned about poor diets and increasingly fat children, Coca-Cola company and Pepsi Coink will stock capitals and vetting machines with water and fruit juice, George. Yes. Rather than with high calorie carbonated drinks, the group forever is being woke up. It's just, you know, the S word. Yeah. So to, now do they call it pop in Canada? Yes, they do. Okay. In fact, you can go into pizza pizza and get a slice in a pop for light out of a quarter a slice in a pop. I always thought that pop was just, well, I guess it's because of geography because we are like very close to upstate New York. Uh, upstate New York. It's pop, right? Northwest also. Now, in the New Yorker view, as somebody for a pop, they smack in the nose. Pop that janko soda. In New York, it's a soda. I see. If, uh, see how I'm pretty confused, at least I used to be anyone. So my New York roommate got me educated. My New Jersey roommate got my educated and college. But I thought about a bunch of condescending assholes. The kids from New York were, you know, they were just like they knew. He or Chris, you see now. So many of you. I say, I'm not just. It's not pronounced orange. It's orange. It's orange. Okay. No, but you say orange. I say orange. Okay. Ascle. It's orange. Stay in the island. Right. And the same thing with the pop on what's a soda. See, I was thought a soda was like an ice cream soda. Right. Like I'm a soda soda. Right. Right. No. But anyway, you asked in New York City pop. Let's see on today's pool. I say forget towns. The word has to go to the entire state of Kansas based on their passing law for bidding the teaching of evolution. Well, they did. They didn't have to do a change through tune on that. But nevertheless, good point. And Kansas, of course, is never a Fred Phelps is from that goes to the efunerals of all the AIDS people. How come we don't have, how come we don't have Kansas on there? We do know. Oh, thank God. We've got our Kansas and your Kansas. We don't have that Kansas. I mean, how's Dorothy ever going to follow that yellow brick road if we don't have Kansas on there, right? There's no place like her. In fact, maybe Julian and Timmy will wind up there before it's what a shame. What a shame of our little Timmy. Now, you did see him once upon a time. Did you on page and another thing as well? I was familiar with him. Did you really? Yes. And the most of the zar thing of the whole deal is that they hit him die on the show. He was going to die on the show and then he like right around the same time as when he died like for real tragic. Sand, he was like just about everybody's favorite character. Thank God for the Wallace and what they overchimp, whatever it helps name is. What's the name of the chimp bubbles? Patients, prudence, whatever, whatever it is. Okay, how's that pull coming? Which American state would you find the highest percentage of boobers? In other words, where does the S word really kick in big time and it doesn't stand for Schmidt? Alabama has been in lead all the way. I guess we got to take a visit, Alabama. Alabama 49. There always saying, oh, you ought to go to Baloxia. That's where that casino is, Baloxia, Mississippi. Alabama 49. Mississippi is right on its heels with 41. They're side by each. West Virginia 39, Florida 34. We got a lot of dummies in Florida. Not that we'd ever have any on this show, of course. Arkansas 27, Georgia 25, Texas 18, Tennessee 17, Louisiana, come on, you didn't do better than that. Louisiana's only got 17. One behind Texas 10, a C 17, South Carolina 15, North Carolina 11. See now that you like that a little bit better. Kentucky 11, and in a small potato, single inches, Nebraska 3, I still say, Omaha's a great town. You'd like a great steak houses, great restaurants and really well put together people. I got no truck with the goobers. They're not goobers. Nebraska is not goobers, man. Montana 1, Idaho 1, Indiana 1, Colorado Wyoming, have gotten on the Kansas just went on their 314 votes. Mad dog is coming up. There's he ain't no goobers. He's a real hot city slicker from Solano, Ohio. And then we got the booster for the Humper for the load at 4. Bye bye. I stick mother f*** of prevalent in my socks at night. So they smell like you're sister's class in the morning.