Gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico We're gonna California and Texas and New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna watch it in these scenes They take like a way out Oh So to right now Man, was it great Andre old Vegas being dinner plate It's right KA TA Grab their barred leg Under it shall help CBS and five First she denied it. Instead it wasn't a stake. A costume malfunction said just in Timberweight. Now they've admitted they flash for the two. They'll be the Super Bowl. Remembered for the move. The FCC says it was indecency. Some poor Niagara fields. Big Yip. One Mip. I'll never forget. That infamous tongue. I'll remember his game for sin. James Jugg. I'll remember his game. Alright. 10-02-05-60 WQM. I hear that Willie Williams is going to be. He could turn out to be one of the great Americans of all time. I have to look what they jaunt his view upon that. You know what? God, you're just a bigoted. That's what it is. That's correct. After he's all three eyebrows when I hear that. That was really special. Thanks a lot, Joe Rose. Old Blackhead, forget that in there. Even though we're pissed off at NBC's sixth for screw-and-over Bob Weaver. That really pisses me off big-time. Oh, speaking of guys that got screwed over, but keep bouncing back. Joe Angel, remember Joe, of course. Right. Who teamed with John Miller in the Orioles radio booth of 1988 and I didn't get in 1992. Joe Angel returning to the team as it's lead play by play an answer on Fagship Station WBAL. That's where we're used to work your close friend. By the way, we're in town. Are you going to lunch today? No. Uh, go do we. All the amounts yesterday on its website. Orioles spokesman Bill Stetka. Confirmed Angels hiring that said the team was surprised by the timing of BALs and Ansman and that the rest of the Orioles radio TV broadcast teams remain undecided. So in other words, it's like, oh, we hired Joe, so some of you guys will get fired. According to the radio stations website, radio announces Jim Howdler and Fred Manfra will split time between TV and radio broadcast. So Joe Angel, good guy comes down with his feet on a ground. Put it in the wind column for Joe Angel, okay? All right, good guy to scoot over by the John Henry Marlon organization. John Henry was the anti-Christ. So what about Willie Williams? It's got nothing to do with the poll. We're going to take the boys radio station is obsessed. I'll tell you who really pisses me off who's also in the news. Speaking of scumbag jacks is Jason Williams. Yeah. Is it like a William Sting? Apparently the Williams brothers. Is that what it is? All the Williams people. I mean, come up with somebody else named Williams. Wait, who's a pretty good guy? Huh? The way it's brothers. Good guys. That's the Williams brothers. No, but I mean, what is it? A name that maybe there's a cursing at name? What about the hardest driver, Lou Williams? He was black. He's dead. And he had a little bit of a nose problem. And anyway, this thing was Jason Williams coming that dog. Now, I must have been either in Europe on vacation or hiding under a rock somewhere. I never heard that thing about that thing about Tim Killon's dog. You know? Yeah. I know. What about the Josh? Did you hear that? No, I didn't. Anyway, jurors are going to hear two versions of how a limo driver was killed in Jason Williams's bedroom and opening statements are made in the former NBA stars Manslaughter trial today. I don't want to go through the whole thing. I'll save that for later. But 18 pool members who joined the pool early in the process had to be interviewed about some broadcast that took place after they were qualified. The judge then began questioning them individually as they tried to put together a jury. One female member of the pool was excused when she said a friend of Tolerary's last week that said Williams had killed his pet rot-wiler with a shotgun after losing a bed involving the dog. If that's true, now maybe somebody will call it in formus because we're not into that whole sports thing quite as much as anybody else on his radio station. Thank God. But if that's true, man, I say fry his ass right now because Jason Williams, you make me sick. You make me want a barf. Okay? Any asshole? And that okay, what are his white, black, yellow, purple, pink with the yellow polka dots that would shoot and kill his pet dog on a bed. Is some kind of a lunatic needs to be put away for a long time. Okay? Fry his ass now. WDQM Jason Williams line. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, how are you doing? I heard the story of this one. Is there a true story? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, it's led to Glee. What happened was the guy who was at his house made a bed with him that he could and drag the ratwiler out of his house without that dog like bites with him or something. Yeah. Oh, when happened with the guy called the dog by the legs and dragged the nose, Jason Williams supposedly went upstairs and the guy thought he was getting the money for him to pay him. He said, he said, I'm 100 dollars. And then he took his shotgun and shot the dog in the side and then in the head. I say fry his ass right now. Don't you agree? I agree. I mean, you're going to kill a dog for any reason. And then you're certainly going to kill a limo driver. Sure. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. That just makes, I want to quit right now. I want to just walk out on the edge of my balcony. I'll take a long look down and think about it very seriously. I just can't deal with this crap. And this radio station where we got a bunch of assholes like Yelda. You know, I have to agree with Mow. That's a good one. Once in my life, you won't. That takes a, it pains me greatly. Because I come in there seven, 15 this morning like I do every morning. Open up the pot and smoke a little bit of it and hurt Mow. And I'm about and and Galdies, a ripen and an ass. But man, you just come and get my chance and you're on some asshole collar, cry chronic voice. Call him and ripen Mow because he doesn't want to give Lily Williams another chance. How many chances does he need? I'm sick and tired of scumbags. How about Lawrence Phillips? Let's bring him back in. You know, it's not too late for him to go back to school. He could serve it. Learn a lot. Because he's probably gotten IQ. He's probably as smart as a boxer rocks as mad dog would say. By the way, don't forget no mad dog. Then they would get the Lily Williams show it to. And then we got the Jason Williams show it for. Man, when you people going to get with it, you sports sucking nerds. I can't stand it. It makes me puke. W. W. M. G. W. W. Yes, I did hear something about that Jason Williams with the dog. What did you hear? Apparently it was with one of his friends at this big mansion house. If you've ever seen pictures of that house. Yes, I have. If you. Yes. And the friend said I could make the dog either come or or or or or to come in the house or something. Some sort of trick or something. And the guy actually had had done it and it better. That better hundred dollars on it. And William said after that he shot. He was going to shoot the dog because he was going to have to pay the guy a hundred dollars. That's the dog. It was the guy said. Can you even begin to understand that to relate to that? No, but you can't relate to how much money that Jason Williams makes for being a basketball player. Neil. For being a skumbag. Okay, pal. Thanks for the bad news. I got it. Okay. I just. It takes an awful lot to make me speechless. Yeah. Somehow I missed this. I don't know why. I don't pay too much attention to that crack. Because there are so many skumbag jocks present in present that it's hard to keep track. You know. But. Of course, I don't follow the NBA anyway because it's basically just a bunch of seven foot freaks. I see. The scorecard to keep track of the scumbag. And that's what we're going to need. The QM scumbag. In fact, there you go. Josh something that my kids are people looking at. The QM scumbag scorecard on the QM website. That'll take you a few months. Some take you weeks. We can have their criminal statistics on there. Right. Arrests. And of course all the business about what you know, you and Larry Coker and they've tried to put that patent in their past and they're behind. Well, that's fine. That's great. More power to them for that. But don't start all over again. Try to rehab games. And people at our chronic offenders scumbags. See, this is one of the biggest problems in America's. Making excuses for people whose behavior is so average and so unacceptable. And the fact that anybody can even relate to the idea that this guy lost a bet. A guy who's a multi multi, multi-millionaire who's making it just gigantic amounts of cash for being a seven foot freaked in place basketball. And shoots and kills his dog because he lost a bet. Oh, and of course he'll probably turn out to be a really great American someday. That's right. We just leave him alone long enough. Just give him a chance. Oh, no. No. And another. I say, fry his ass in fact. Let's take Lawrence Phillips and Jason Williams and put him side by each and a twin horror. Okay. I'll pull this way. Don't forget Willie. Now Willie didn't kill any dog or he didn't kill any. I mean, he's, you know, he got some problems. I don't put him in the same category yet. Yeah. Yeah. It's a girl. But guess what, guilty. I told him, I told him, this morning, I said, you know, guilty. We should have been a fang. He said, but he mean by that. I said, because I don't know anybody who sucks more or better than guilty. He is the biggest suckle. I have ever heard in my life. No matter what it is, whether it's the Panther organization, which, of course, he's under payroll, so naturally sucks up to them. No matter what it is in the area of sports, he will suck up to the unsuckable. I mean, there's just nothing to suck up there. There's a whole Willie Williams thing. Unless you're a man, I'm making a racial thing, which I know to some of the call as of course are. But there's nothing there to suck. It's kind of like just in Timberlake, your guilty. There's nothing there to suck. Right. But man, you talk about a master, master's suckle. This guilty, Jesus, got Almighty. Just when we thought that we knew something about him and he knew what he says. Oh, I get a lot. Yeah, well, we know that. And he also says, once in a while. Oh, the butt. Well, he makes me nauseous. I'm starting to, I'm starting to favor Mo on at show. And I know that, I, I, I, I feel I'm clean that I said that. I'm going to give my, like all spray out again and spray my throat. But I just, I feel nauseous from this sucking up. See, how, what point do you, if you want to be like civilized people? And they're all worried about Janet Jackson's booby being on there for a second and a half. This is the big controversy in America. And yet it's like, oh, well, if you can throw the ball or stick the ball in a hoop or hit the ball. And then no matter what you do in some kind of a stupid ass game, no matter what you are in your life, they're making no difference. We don't care. Right. We'll give you a hundred chances to have whatever it takes, 200 chances if you can win some games and make us feel better about ourselves. Like it helps run it's all about only game matters. The game matter, it's game matter. You ought to know. I know all about game matter. That's what Reverend Jones said. Oh, 10 13 at five, 60, I'll tell you one thing. It does matter. And that's kind of mattress you sleep in on every night because if you sleep in on a crappy old mattress, your back will feel it every single day. You'll feel like you didn't sleep at all. And of course, President's day is coming in just a matter of days. What is it, Monday? Okay. What is the day? I had that memo from Greg Reed with that squiggle on it. Yeah, it's Monday. Monday. I'm Monday. And of course, every year in President's day, the mall stores and those assurms are running those phony mattresses. What they do is they double the price. And then they say, look at this, they slash it, line through it. 50% off are given a half off. Well, that's bull crap. If you want real rock bottom prices on the best mattresses going, you don't want to do by now. Do the same thing on doing for years and George is finally caught on and bulk of Brian and Miguel. And even Fatboy would like to lay on one if we could get a crane and stick his ass up on that mattress. Just call 1-800 mattress. No phony sales, no bait and swish just every day on beatable prices on the best mattresses going. Your back will feel that's the fact even your back will be making little sound saying it's a Mahaya. Right out of your ass, it'll be saying that. They got silly. Surred of Simmons King Quill temper pedic and now even Stearns and Foster Hewitt. So do it. Choose from dozens of models at low every day discount prices. Rest easily and enjoy a really great night sleep for years to come. I make it one simple phone call to easiest pieces shopping a lever do. 1-800 mattress that's the number to call and only volumetric results to choose that to our delivery window. That meets your schedule when it's convenient for you any day, seven days week from 8 in the AM till 10 p.m. With low prices, same day delivery, free set up removal. It's easy to see while volumetric is unbeatable in customer satisfaction. So pick up that instrument right now. Call them. They'll be there knocking on you door whenever you like even before the day is out. Call 1-800-M8-800-MATTR-ESR-Online. It's macros.com. Bye, back to local VCC's 560. 3-U-D-O-U-N. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere. I've been a reenu-scard. No cargo. No cargo. No cargo. No cargo. No cargo. No cargo. We're going to be out Carolina. I don't go home up in Arizona. I know it's a go-up. I knew Mexico. It's Texas in New York. In New York. In New York. I can't believe it. We're going to California. In New York. We're going to South Dakota. In Oregon. In Miami. I've been everywhere. I know it's a go-up. I knew Mexico. In the most Charles could even leave. In Oregon. We're going to California. And Texas. They're the main call of Houston. We're going to Black Rock, Liberal Rock, Austin. We're going to South Dakota. Mexico. And Texas. We're going to South Dakota. And Texas. I'm going to be everywhere. I'm going to be everywhere. And we're going to Washington. You see the things that go right out. Yeah. Okay. Before we get back to Jason the. Montgomery Center of Adventure. Least of the dog piece of crap. Dean Alcise. Even if he loses in Wisconsin. He'll still keep. Tracking on. There's nothing going to stop the Dean myster. I mean he changes his tune more often than I just did some believable. Ain't it? It's unbelievable. Didn't he just say the other day that if he loses in Wisconsin that he's going to pull out and pull it out there, he was just charging. I guess so. Because now he says he's not going to back out no matter what happens next to the. I guess he discovered that he's in the bad fourth place. He's running a week forth and Wisconsin. See, I don't understand. What does it take just to say? No, no, he just doesn't give it. Doesn't understand that once we saw Dr. Judy Dean that that was the end of it for everybody. That was in by by Judy. Okay. Let's get these polls going and also one other thing. I don't know what's going out with you couples out there in radio land, but we sure aren't getting much response and it's not couples contest. No, maybe we don't have any hot couples. Maybe we just don't have any couples period. Maybe everybody's all split up. Hey, we got three entrance. So somebody's going to get those prizes. Well, we got three prizes and three entrance. We're going to be a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a just shut it off right now. This is the last week through Friday the 13th. To submit your entries to contest in the arrages.com. That's where the email your pictures are. You couples out there. If you think you're hot, and even if you're not. Well, do you got your clothes on or off or somewhere in between? Does it make any difference? And we'll put all the pictures up there and people can vote on him next week. But if we've only got three, it's going to be pretty boring. How much we had like, the Zillions of the last, all four times, right? And there were a little bit slow coming in. Granted just like they are now, but you folks better get with it. Contest at neo-ribes.com. And couples with the most votes at the end of next week when their choice of one of these prizes. Here's a note. Crypto-heatness of Injumica, three night vacation including meals beverages, Will the exception of airfare and personal expenses, or a trip to the world-wise is resorting to casino, two night vacation. That's in the Bahamas, man. Only includes airfare to grab Bahama Island, no meals, et cetera. Whichever one you choose, the runner-up gets whichever trip is leftover, which ain't bad. And the third most votes gets dinner for two at the pizza loss, and you can watch the rumors eat for free. And watch Jeff O'Yankan is ponytail. You got another one? Yeah, it's on its way to you. Is it any good? I don't want to say is it any good? It's fine. Whatever it is, we're not going to pass judgment just because you may look like crap and you think you're hot. There are a couple of pirates. Well good for them. Probably Bill Masaroski and Dick Stewart. Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday. And then we'll get to the one for today. And I'm going to vet. I'm going to really piss off now. You go girl. Who should John Kerry select is his running mate? We got a $1563 votes. Added to the $400 and sell out. We got over $2,000 with the two polls. Anyone in the why? Because we got that other picture of Jan or other booby on there yesterday. We got Jan with both boobies for anybody that cares. Matching boobies. And also we're going to have Jan for calmly on naked. Is that going to be today? Tomorrow. Tomorrow we'll have Jan for calmly. Start naked. On a naked picture is being a lot of people to our website. Not that that makes us any money, but maybe Oracle make two or three cents. Who should John Kerry choose to be his running mate? Because it's all over. Kerry's way ahead and the polls in Tennessee and Virginia. Those parmaries are today going on right now. And after a day it's going to be over. Don't tell Howard Dean that though. He don't get it. John Edwards 500 and 70. Bob Graham 274. I don't care. I'm per bush. 197 only 12.6% Huh. Kind of weak. Wesley Clark 181. Hillary 16. I don't give a Schmidt about politics 99. Howard Dean 82 and Dick Gabbard only 44. And it's crowd. Dick. Now here's today's poll and you can help us out because it's going to need a lot more names on. Did you have anybody want to put on? No. No? I don't think. Which big names celebrity are the past 10 years? Now we don't want to go back to the old ones we've done those a million times. Of the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap. And I started. I would just treat that are very obvious to me. Justin Tinkerbell 50 cent or Adam Sandler 50 cent. How to beat Justin although I'd like to. Or Adam Sandler with a with a stick with a baseball bat. I'll give the one. Josh has to beat you and hit with every now and then we'll guard out the blue of those slugger. Oh. Judge dismisses somebody fastest to us and thank you. This miss is several jurors after coverage of Williams killing his dog. This I just can't put with this in the words. The kind of scumbag we're dealing with here. And you people on this radio station that admire and suck up to these jobs. You make me want to barf. You make me want to like come with a baseball bat and just beat some sense in your head. You idiots you. Gildy. Of the 39 people question on Monday many said they briefly had seen promotional commercials for the ABC interview. Real sports with Brian Gumball before turning away or turning off their TV. Nearly every juror questioned Monday said he or she had heard news of the prosecutions bit on Wednesday to have testimony about Williams prior in discussions with firearms have been during this trial. Hundred and county assistant prosecutor Catherine Erickson asked the judge to allow testimony about an incident in which William shot his pet rob-wilders zoo s after losing a bet with former teammate Dwayne. Chances. Chances. Chances but Williams a hundred bucks that Chances could drag the attack train dog outside of Williams home when Chances was successful. William said he would get the money and let the room. He returned with a shotgun which he used to kill the dog. Williams ordered Chances to buy buried the animal and left. When Williams returned to find the carcass still on his porch he reloaded the shotgun. Pointed at a chin she has said, Shinbone get this f and dog off my porch or your next. They also sought him to test the money about a 1994 incident when Williams fired his 45 caliber handgun into a park. Security vehicle outside the middle land sports complex. On Monday, jurors said they had noticed headlines about the dog shooting story heard about on the radio have been told about a by co-workers. One man said he was simply recycling his newspapers when he saw the story on the front page of a newspaper. Well, how come we haven't seen this or nobody's talking about it till now? I don't know. I think we're on the outside. We're too busy with William's and with the Janet's boobie is what our problem is. I don't care about any of them. That's why I don't know about it. You don't care about Jason Williams who killed his dog and then said get the dog off of my porch or you're going to be next. You don't care about a scumbag like that. Sure, but I don't pay attention to these jokes. I'll tell you right now guilty. Let's say let's save the taxpayers out there a lot of money. guilty. Right. Fry his ass. He's shot the level driver. He shot the sheriff. Anybody else. He killed the coal. He killed Ron Goldman. He done it. God is it. Get me really just wild and charred or leavey. He killed Sean Routou and he's got a Gary kind of what is next. He said. Now yesterday the guy that facts this and a good intention. I don't want to read that whole thing. Are they center for American progress as response to the bush. My students appearance on. Meet the press. Hmm. Well, Katrina Vanden who will love the nation. It's on our website today. It's a very short article. But she's got a link to that whole thing. She says if bush hope to use his appearance on Sundays meet the press to restore his vanishing ability regarding the war in Iraq. His national garts didn't and a stewardship of the economy he failed. As millions of Americans headed to church, I sat down to watch where Calvin Trillin calls the Sabbath gas bags. The big gas bag this Sunday, President Bush was questioned by Tim Russell for an entire RNA oral office. If the gravity of the surroundings did the little obscure the fact that Russell's putted questions or might with the usual bush meets the press treatment, misleading, denied, deflect, and hide. Luckily, people who want the truth not white-washed, rewritten history can click here and she's got a link to check out the Center for Mark and Progress's valuable dissection of Bush's appearance. Clameless is fact the President on Meet the Press. It's a valuable antidote to Bush's desceptions and mobworth circulating to both friends and foes. So it's on our website, the article Mission, not accomplished by Katrina Vanden who will. And if you want to read that whole Center for American Progress, just click on your link and give it a, uh, yeah, a link. Give it a link and maybe it'll stink. There you go. Wow. I'm just, I'm just so shook up because I'm such a dog lover as you know, but the idea that anybody who's making that kind of money, who's that that mired, had mired by all these sucklings out there who admire some dumb joke. God. Scumbags. Scumbags. I want to take that back. I apologize to all the scumbags in the world because he's so many steps below whatever scumbags is that I, there's nothing to describe it. Oh, yeah, but it's a racial thing, man. Yeah, see how long before we get one of those calls. How many seconds? I've heard of me. Yeah, before we get a call like that. Okay. Let me do the break. Cause if you get a little bit exercise about this, just want to make it a little come back. Don't I sound a little bit better now? Sound great. Let me plug a robot test and drive costs are up. Man, it's up is good. When you got the crud, the real deal. It'd be the real deal for Neil. It's the last mortgage. 118. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in credible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero, quit if you're a fee. Zero discounted points. Get yourself the new low interest rate. Just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan. You pay only $6.68 a month. Remember once you refinance you get to new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So what's not to like? Call toll free. 1-800-9-4-0-n. Get the low rate mortgage to deserve. And then move to that next property without further cost expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero, dock fees. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get the new low financing rate. Just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. For details, just make that one call and never pay closing costs again. Financial group, 1-800-9-4-0-n. 9-4-0-l-l-e-n-d. They're an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Rates subject to change monthly. 4.21-APR. 4.21-0-n-d. 4.21-0-5-16. 2-way-m. Now listen. I want to try some right now. It's never really been done before. I'm going to sing something. And then I'll grab across your boobies. And make one of them drop out for all the families to see at home. And then when I'm oblivious to the outrage. I'm going to see a lack to this Hollywood was on purpose. But the next day, I want to blame the whole thing on you. And the NFL will too. And so we'll see the incident TV. And then I'm just going to say, If that's a virtual malfunction, y'all will put us out to two. And then the fans will say, I don't know how it happens but at least I kind of see food. Can't say for you. That's for damn you. We're all going to agree on that. 1033 at 5C. Let's get to more names on it pull now. Which big name celebrity the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap. All we got is just in Tinkerbell. 50 cent Adam Sandler. I'm sure there must be a Zidian more. Sure. And thanks very much to the person who just facts that exactly what I just got through reading. Yeah. About Jason Williams and the Fetch and the Shotgun and get the F. And dog off my porch are going to be next. Thanks very much. But they probably factored just as I was reading it. Right? They're not psychic. They're not living in the house. 56005050, Pound 560, Do you see anybody calling? I don't see anybody calling. Well what's going on with that? What was that? Going to QN. Hello? If you let him. I don't see any D. How are you doing now? OK. You can never forget about on. But he's fierce. Well. Okay. Pretty spears. So you're being creep? I'll go. OK. We'll put her on here but I don't think she's going to get any votes. any voice. I mean, uh, uh, haha. Brittany's spears is a no, no talent. You want me? She has a talent. Singing is now what I is. But she's sure got a talent. I think she's just way that. She hidden what put her on there. Did what we need to build a list. Okay. I can't put what we said that. Even I take great umbridge with that. That would be like saying, Tom Brady, you know? W. K. L. Hello. What did you go? Yes, sir. How about wrong, Jeremy? Haha. We said the past ten years not the past 60. Okay. Roger, me just celebrate his 90th birthday. Have you birthday Ron? And by the way, 90s old enough. W 2 Q a and hello. What? Yeah. Yes, sir. And they're going to my offensive. Okay. That's a few quick to what? To uh, about being back to Bush real quick. That's a quick comment on it. About bringing back one? Uh, just a quick topic of a quick comment on Bush. I don't want her about Bush. Somebody just mentioned Brittany. That's close enough. If I want to get some name for this poll because I got a whole bunch of stuff here man I got a heavy a big plate that I got to clean out when it's out clean it out right right I mean we're given these people the chance to build that poll today and they want uh they're all over the guy damn place let's stick let's stay on on uh course right i'll go veering off So Jason Williams things though has thrown me i just the the dog part the limo thing we had talked about that new all about that But the dog thing she what what kind of an animal do you have to be huh Scum what kind of a low-life scumbag do you have to be and Jason Williams didn't even go to UM Which has same a lot WDQAM hello Yes sir hey lollita lollita lollita WDQAM hello KM What is it? This you're am? This you're am? This is a judge Yeah Hey what? What you got? Uh that's your excuse Who? She's your excuse Of the last 10 years sir you understand the question No We're talking about big name celebrities who just became famous in the last 10 years See the cruise when she died she was 147 okay The biggest no talent piece of crap from the last 10 years get with it We don't want to have another one of these old fart pools okay like Elvis Presley and the team Krupa and You know get with it man It's stupid though WDQAM hello Hello man yeah Neil yes you may hello good morning sir may I give you one Jennifer Lopez okay I'm sorry now I quickly explain why Black Dumboham okay Jennifer Lopez because one she controls her body God she controls all the people that work for her one two incidents one incident was a young couple that I think you may be aware of the new times reported it the new state was reported it They're in a club having nothing to do with her and her body got so them with a camera so we took the Chippo whatever was in the camera That's probably being a nice idea. Yes and the other thing Like something other godfather You got it kid but the thing that really pushed me off. I said this me off Yes, thank you at least an answer long-tila What's his name Michael Powell here's it you got it? Oh here's the other thing you got I Renaissance the Miami times about Compati gods how they drive with her without her on Because and You turn I mean they're scum they they're endangering the hell with them and the hell with her They're endangering innocent people driving next to them. You know what I say to hell with her and Neil May I give you something one more about the power and this And you'll say real quick. Okay. I don't know if you guys in Amy with a black football player He was really getting everybody pissed off with a black football player. Yeah, and that has nothing to do with it But this for identification anyway. Yeah, I'm watching one of the few times One was it down pretty good. They're coming out of wherever they come out of to go on feel and you think him Mousing the words F you F you F you and you can barely hear them the next day. I asked kids that watch football Did I hear right then they all said yes and nothing was ever reported about that? Okay, and you got it 560560. Do you have any idea what he just got through some view? That's why heard I see not they talking about gators again, you know Well, that's them and that's what I always say about the gators I've been of course the hurricanes and the seminals that whole offload of the scene man Hold sports scene. Oh, it I feel unclean when that sport scene. I feel mean I'm pristine. Oh, okay, Christine so I was at a Dodge What kind of a Dodge was that in that movie? What happened this again? Yeah, come on, but that's a Dodge Somebody will know that was a great movie. Yes, I think our John's only because John stock well Was that I don't mean like a classic like gone with a win, but it was fun. It was good. It was just fine And who wouldn't like to have a car that would go down and run some people down I'd like to see you have a car I'd like to be able to like remote control my Corvettes or like to run down Jason Williams. I have a list Man anybody that misses with a dog and it's just this all the whole thing about him. What a oh And you dark folks out there. Why the hell do you and again? I'm only talking about some of you But why do you make excuses for people like that? Huh? Man you talk about creating Notches racial stereotypes between O.J. and Jason Williams. We got some fun. You know why we need like a lot A lot. Quissy and two dark. What does his name? I forgot. Ford congressman Ford Harold Ford Jerry from where Tennessee? I don't know. Or Virginia. He's from one of those two because he was campaigning with Kerry Debe. He's great man I'll tell you I vote for him for president right now. Have you ever seen him on the talking hit shows that that I recall? He's fabulous. He's our particular. He's great. He's a brilliant young guy. He's probably too young, but he's he's a light black You know, in fact, he's either Republicans would know the difference He's a great be more like him be more like Julian Bond, okay? Lighten up a little bit instead of making excuses for these scumbags He's no count pieces of garbage. I wouldn't give you a 50 cent Twenty before love at at five sixty WQM I'll tell you one thing. I give more than 50 cent to dry concepts because they are the best not a hell of a lot more though Because they never overcharge they never rape their customers That's right. Unlike the other carpet cleaning Joint that always give you a stack on's at the end of the job dry concepts eliminate set right off the bat because they give you a written guaranteed price Right up front before they stare through and they're unbeatable job of making your carpets look just like brand new They dry clean your carpets, which means they suck off the dirt way down there deep enough I was your carpet. They leave them looking just like brand new smelling lemon. He first did Ryan a couple of hours And you'll look around and say holy crap. It looks like I just had brand new Lade right on my floor. They also do an unbeatable job with your Area rugs with your repository with your drapery all of these things And if you want to save even more money when you call dry concepts ask them to put you understand Violest which can save in extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning This called is toll free number. Believe you me like I always tell you Use these people once you never dream of call anybody else again. I've been using them in my home is for over 20 years Call toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 and by the way, what was wrong with that picture of the pirates on a website? They're there was pretty good Huh, no nothing 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or longer under their website at dryconcif.com Nobody does it better Okay Don't leave fool by the rocks in my pants. I'm tiny with the big bed for the weekend I got a secret you may not understand I'll bet you didn't know I'm really upman a shape free put every completely of track But I'm still known as the girl from the block for neem and what me a lot But very little know that I have a thing I got started dressing like this in my teens dressing like a book of queen with just some Collegina's you they gon teach my body well around it like I told you I'm a manly man That's not called if he's on my can I got my way back there in the gem my hair is real Give it a squeeze Am I here or two I do better cast on the feminine voice but I got a little call So I don't have a choice I like the surprise and the eyes of the boys when they get a load of I am circumcised toy Nothing else is going on harmonies but not the micols but rest is me Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants I'm chubby with the big bed for the weekend I got a secret you may not understand I bet you didn't know I'm really upman a shapey put a reek in Who the hell job but I'm still known as the girl from the block Welcome for neem and what me a lot but very little know that I have a big true way to 1046 she's got a big one in fact I hear that she had crews left in her will she left in that big strap on model No talent unfunny and ugly brunny mac Says Steve for the poll Okay, I know Freddie Mac who it helps brunny mac He's one of the kings of comedy guys. You gotta show her and I guess it's fox. Oh, I don't watch fox medium funny Oh brunny mac also polysures as they've the cop and You know who else we need to put on there right away to torture so it's past 10 years because he's been around since That's what I thought okay, I said cross that off for good about him Who'd we just say brunny mac and I got one for you bill mar oh Man the same people listen to a like fall brunnyo, you know the old type Right against the left all I crap talk shows there they a bill mar crowd he's the day very of TV He makes me sick little Truppy asshole bill mar nice big a week up though. What he wears nice makeup like a long 80 pounds of pancake get that up there Eric and let's go with a poll. Okay. We can put it up there Because we got a we got a few names what lines up there which lines not there. It says the poll is it says your poll is down Oh, it was there for a minute. Yeah Mine says your poll is down hang down your head. I got a I got poll Mine says the poll is down. All right Anyway, here's another one for jail. Oh, so she has a big nose harasses to basically cancel your axes in no town piece of Barrio trash oh my god. That sounds like an ethnic thing to me. Okay Your poll is up my poll is up well my poll is up. I'm a bit better get some of that levitra See if it's good enough for my dica This is what really cracks me up, you know The levitra people I got to use my dica's their spokesman because if it's good enough for a real tough jock like my dica Then it's good enough for me. You don't have to feel like some kind of a pansy because you can't get it up Well, it must be an awful lot of lip noodle guys running around America because this is the bit I mean you got your vagra and levitra and go see Alice and they'll see this one and see that one Maybe they can work on it for you good god my my poll will not come up. I'm sorry Maybe I need some levitra you think so or crane oh there it is. I was fancy myself as being a real macho guy like Mike dica WQAM hello Good morning, sir. He did leave in Paris Milton possibly Paris Heldon's good and pditty and I can you explain to me how Mike Tyson can make over 200 million his career and has broke 300 I was up in the back of town now Well he likes to go on and go on shopping too and King Stullett's honey yeah and February is black history month When is white history month? Every other month two years from circus. Thank you very much. Okay We better not have a no white history month that employee hood guys are gonna be running around I agree with this guy. I mean it's it's time for everybody just to stop being black and being white and being this and being that and let's just all be like Uh, can't we get long you know? You wish let's get some levitra and get long that's what I say. I did cuz got a whole pocket for it 560560 who do you just say pditty and who's the other one? Paris a Paris Heldon. Oh, I feel I'm clean just saying the name Needle knows bitch. She is really nasty. She is scanky. All right, Gabby. I guarantee one thing We'll never put by don't want to say never. Maybe we will put the person on the show you Yes, about Paris. I have yet one counter a heterosexual male that likes her. I've yet to encounter a homosexual male who likes her I guess nobody don't like Paris and that's cuz there's too many French people there 560560 pound 560 on the AT board. I can't say enough about Robert Hudson for whatever this was DM the improvement in just one day is so miraculous plus don't I don't want to talk about it now cuz I want to go about go off on Jason Williams again over and over and on and I hope they just Fry his ass please please bring back old sparky just one time please But you know they won't I know they won't because he got it. He got a one fast and jump high in gen at your slam a jam WCOM hello He's great 20,000 man and my vote if you ran and I have a spot report for you. I don't know if you had seen it Did you see Johnny dead on the act of studio now? Yeah, that's the show with James But now I'm keen on here's got a lot of pancake makeup to cover up his bad complication on CNN right now I didn't see that Johnny that then he usually rerun them so if you get a chance check out for Ovo because it was a real good Real good and owl with him. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye USA Network is running his movie on Scott Peterson with Dean Kane who looks a lot like him as a matter of fact He's on her right now and CNN Do you find that a little bit disturbing that the trial is going on now and they're running this movie? Well, yeah, I have a problem with the jury system in general because of things like this. Yeah I mean why what's the need to put this on there now? Other than of course, I'll get a big tune in audio and that everybody in the media including us is just a big horror But I just I don't see that man. He you talk about Bill Marwary makeup and I like Dean Kane he's a good actor And he wouldn't look too bad if he you know didn't have all them holes in his post But he's got enough makeup on right there. You could you can probably even tanning fade baker would be embarrassed You're right. I don't know a channel. You're he I'm on CNN. Oh Anyway, you're there. It's a WQAM hello Yeah Sure That's right, Flynn is fury not a dodge well same family. Thanks a lot, Pally You got that we got a Plymouth fury and Hell have no fury like a plymoth 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a AT&T. Who was that kid with a glass in a geek? He also played in a dress to kill. Yeah, we did that before and we figured it out somebody nobody ever heard of He was good in there because he was like a real geek. He was kind of like the Robert Gripper Oh, he's a day yeah WQAM hello Bill yes, sir How are you doing this I'm doing sensational Hey, do you find ironic that the people getting the march for You know the band game managers are the priests Yeah, that's something and in the state it is that has more cases of priests molesting kids than anywhere else in the United States Right Massachusetts That's right You know, you want to keep it all of themselves. They're the you know, they want to keep it in the family I Know you don't you don't you don't give to the two scouts about soccer, but tonight is a huge soccer game between Mexico and the United States Can you play that I own a Mexican that that Whatever that thing is okay you got a man Thanks, buddy. See you. Say how to play keep Gordon keep Gordon one Oh, that's right. That's the name of the actor. You're absolutely correct. I looked at him keep Gordon played the annured With the plume theory and Christine Arnie and he also played the punk kid in dressed to kill I was a good movie Angie Dickinson. She was in it for about 45 seconds, but the taxi scene is worth watching again And the body double was in it for like two hours and Michael Kane was just he's great. I love Michael Kane. Well, you know you look at Michael Kane and you think what's not to like right? Did you ever see the man who would be king with Michael Kane? No, I saw the man who would be queen No, I'm seeing that What's that movie again with Michael Kane and Christopher Ree How many every I don't what it is. I've got a brain fart where it comes to that movie something trap something death trap movie trap Black trap You trap was something like that. It's a it's a fact thing you wouldn't like it Anyway, Justin think your bells got eight parisolton's got said we got the pull out there Now you can vote to your hearts content. We'll add a bunch more which big name celebrity the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap Well, parisolton's us to hopped over Justin Very very carefully to she to want like good any of that on her parisolton 11 Justin 10 jalo 7 Adam Sanber 6 bill Mar5 Brittany 4 50 cent got four hey, don't knock 50 cent. What boy your brains out Bernie Mac to and P did he's got a pair? There's something about that p did he man just annoys me and the call Richie's got one WQA him hello Ednor no, okay One good movie. Well, yeah, but he always plays these characters that look half asleep and real smart me and all that Yeah Talk about his now That's my pull Head and what sideways did you say head caught sideways Oh, man. I tell you one thing. This is gonna be some kind of a week. I can feel like and smell it I think the good stuff has come out here or two now. It's in the air everywhere even your poles up my pole My pole did pop up during the last year 52 votes parisolton's got 11 and Justin's got 10 single digits for everybody else hop on it We'll put a whole bunch more names on here. I'm sorry man If we want to get a recall upset I'll say this for you This uh, it goes to show you once you've croaked and they start picking on you. There's no croaked Report die doctor atkins was obese That is just crossed my ass now. Maybe he was obese when he croaked or came in that's why he tripped and fell Because fat people like me. We have a habit of tripping in fall and for such but We did that appearance with Dr. Bob way back how many years ago when you say that was About 30 man. No, I would say like six and seven They're about what what we were at IOD right? Yes, so I'd say like eight or nine years ago We did the thing at the saw grass at the bookstore there books a million whatever then Thals and he didn't he wasn't fat at all No, he wasn't Plus he introduced his this whole thing his this some Acquins that back in the 70s the first time and he sure is how wasn't fat then So the fact that he was fat when he croaked. I mean what what is that supposed to prove and he had heart problems and he doesn't that Man, it's just it's so sad Maybe this is to try to counter balance this is propaganda from some of the people are peddling some of the other stuff Because they want to counter balance the popularity the local people It's the bread conspiracy it's the bread and the pasta crowd man They're going to rack and he didn't know crap go out there and a white wonderbred it will kill you in seven different ways Yeah No a special message from Jenna Jackson's right what hello So long can issue are I am indeed In a Jackson's right fun pillow the other other the squishy fishy double jays double b now right White I had my official coming up party during have time at a super ball in case you missed me Wait a minute. How do you miss me? I weigh as much as a dog Who I got to say yeah, it was a little nervous about this whole daily Bob during rehearsal But when Justin released me when he pulled the pitch it was like I was born a smell the pyro I don't mind telling you lefty was a little jealous over all my news clippings Line in molen complain in all in all acting like a boob Hello most of us never get that chance. They shine like that the last one of us to be seen my over 120 million people was a Tads the Madonna and that was more like one tool sometimes three at a time I am the envy of teach all of it a streets I've been waiting for this day since we were on good times with JJ Walker We can grow in anticipating never imagining I would make my world premiere at the super bowl Some of you may have caught a glimpse of me at our last HBO special when we had the camera in a dressing room But now like this that was more like oh This was more like hello and out on mouth. I play on stay it out next month I will appear before Congress to kick off my hugs for jugs campaign Where one day a month women and men and you know who you are those sexy floppy man Cance women and men can let the right globe go being an African American thought I say free it last free it last great Kuguli mougalete I'm free it last I'm also in the goceations with Ben still into a period and next meet the parents sequel tentatively titled the fuckers knockers Some people are upset about my appearance at the super bowl. So you I say off fettie From Nestor and Kindle do you understand this best other than the fact christina's a fifty eight-punotuary Which you already know that the three topics for today the boob the dog and no mou bush Or is it just no mou? Ray Romano for our poll somebody says he sucks. I don't know that Please give a shout out to my bandwagon patriots fan boyfriend Bruce I think you may love Tommy Brady more than you thanks from Ajah is that Ajah she can do chuck a con Maybe here's pressure says it was the incident with Warren sap and the coach of the green bay packers Mike Sherman another scumbag from the uofm I beg your pardon what was the incident? He hit a guy or some uh blind side was he? Warren sap hit a guy who wasn't looking it was like a blind side and he heard him set him out to the Remember that yeah, I got dirty hit or something. Oh, but Warren sap went to um Right right and you can't spell scumbag out um There you go Let's see by far kid rock. Oh, I like that a lot Kidrock sucks all you probably like him George He's annoying and he keeps putting that American flag keep making a mockery of our flag man. You know on you he touched up hepatitis See plus dripping scank Pam Well, that's right so they probably robbed off Yeah, no, seriously how come they made such a big similar about her boobie and the fact that all these right wingers are so concerned about Disquating the flag and he dressed up again. He added to flag up his ass and his crouching and his armpits How come they weren't screaming the owner about that shut up? And that's because they're too uh it's the John Ascrop that you know and the Michael Powell's thing Sarah Jessica Parker's work Okay, that's called my complication if not the just Sarah. Okay. Let's get Sarah's ass. I mean Sarah on there. Yeah, who Well the facts are just pouring in now I'm gonna apologize for the fact that must have been crawling under the arachism where when that whole thing with the dog because Well, I'm glad though because if I would have found out about right away, I probably would've done something rash Like going and gone hunting out there and I don't mean duck hunting with Scalia and Cheney Let's be good for hunting for people at least 50 people were killed those dozens were wounded this morning in a carbomb attack near a police station in courthouse South of Baghdad The blast had placed about 25 miles south of Baghdad in separate attacks to pair of Iraqi police officers were shot Is they broke to work this morning and bag that but I thought that the road map to peace and A rash was just going great That's not that everything was under control, huh? The world's a better place. Yeah, don't forget go to that article on our website from the nation Katrina van and Houvell Let's see parasol and no talent bitch 32 just in tickerbell 15. He ought to be doing better than that Oh, God, I don't know what makes me angry the thought of just in William shooting that dog you just seen just in tickerbell ever again Can't sing he's grow test. He's gruesome. He talks like a little girl, but other than that. He's dynamite It's been gonna JJ Walker and I'm standard 10 jail O10 50 sets got eight That great Pretty spears seven now. Why is that that bothers me out of 102 votes, British got seven. She's got a talent so sing an a did Right right I take a personal a front anybody knocks young Brittany I take it he got seven don't matter six 30 mac three Nicole richy three kid rocks got a pair already it norton's got one Ray Romano non and Sarah's Jessica Parker. See I actually said it that time yeah Sarah Kajessica Parker She just went up there out of 100 11. I did them on porpoise man. I'll get to the heck and thing. I got so much stuff here Oh, W's guard files are MIA their missing connections is the daily news Did I mention opening statements for the Justin Williams trauma wow this man See I pay no attention to the NBA because it's it's not my thing. You know I have no interest in that garbage. It's crap it's Bullshmit But when somebody is a skumbag like this and people aren't screaming and a howling about it Shout his dog it made because he lost a bet and this was his dog this wasn't somebody else's dog this wasn't the other guy's dog this was his dog Get the F and dog off my porch you you're gonna be next sucker WQM out there WQM hello line nine our favorite one hello QM hello good morning you good morning to you sir I'm not sure How you feel why actually I think I do remember how you feel about this guy, but uh well how I feel is an important year They say you're you're chance to shine well I'm furious from a guppiness make fun of the fact that Bush couldn't pronounce nuclear Now Dennis Miller's doing everything but looking his detudy Oh, no, Miller would be excellent for this poll because he's only been ramen he may have been around Lovered nap, but nobody ever heard of him before the last 10 years little fellow piece of crap absolutely and frankly, you know You lay with dogs you're gonna get flees So since he's the lane with Bush he's both have like crocodiles it is Lacer Lacer good choice. Pally thanks Dennis Miller get that asshole on there right away See we'll go to good list here today. It's not just the old timers that may round a long time like Oprah that don't have any talent Oh, right. I mean she'd she'd probably win hands them but she's we're not we don't we've already done those things at my new times This is something new and different somebody a whole different group of people we can rip of an ass And there's nothing like ripping a big fat vacuum ass I'm not thinking of anybody in particular, but But 567 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line mad dog at two the hopper at the American Airlines Arena speaking of basketball give me the ball give me the ball to get involved for Panther PB with seven panthers host a Montreal Canadian Be a real frog fest as you win the night any K after the hockey game Joe and Mark overnight and of course at five in the morning It's um What's his name with guilty? Moe it's the moment guilty show and Joe rosy date There's the entire line of for free to peruse and like you know, please that bigger racer Don't forget to Willy William show starts next Monday from six a.m. midnight Okay, what are what great read things about Willy Williams? Oh, I'd be afraid to find out WQAM hello QAM And back at you WQAM hello Okay, I got one that one about good old mo WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. Hey. Do them. Okay. All right Have up the mole mysters. You on there yet Uh, saying there's two of them. Well, it would send big name celebrities. You see a big name celebrity Is even a celebrity? Oh, no get with it Which big name celebrity the past ten years is the biggest no talent piece of crap Plus we said the last ten years not the last 90. Okay get with it get with the program, baby Somebody's one dimensional people. Do you talk about a one trick pony man? Oh a neurotic repetition over and over again Right, Moe I mean most of the same old asshole, but nevertheless He don't qualify for this WQAM hello Yes, sir. Got a suggestion for your pull go right ahead Am I only allowed to give one or could I give you two please one please let's limit it well I'm gonna give me two and then I will decide by the They belong in Dan Moreno and OJ Simpson Give me like ten more Is that incredible or what no incredible very credible wow 560 pound 560 on the AT and T big name celebrity the past ten years Got it not before the last ten years not somebody was famous before Ben Franklin went and flew that tight We're talking about now now now and old W national organization of weenies which you're hired into man You're elected idiot WQAM hello Hey, I want football. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Give me George Clooney George Clooney, but he hasn't even arrived longer than that though, isn't he? Yeah too long in fact he was in Batman part 85 what hundred years ago More than ten years, isn't it? That sure I can look it up. Oh come on George Clooney's been around loggerial. Almost as long as rosemary Clooney And Betty Clooney and poopy compo and Dave gear away and Jack, what was the guy that used to be on here on the today show jack Oh jack, let's golly Way before your time see how great it is to be old and dying. No, now what's the deal put that man with George Clooney? He's been around forever. He's an old fart George Clooney. Come on We're talking about people at nobody ever heard of more than ten years ago. Okay, not something that still hanging around Jesus See one thing you come up with a really great poll question which is you know generates a lot of interest in excitement to grip somebody and ask and then you got to explain it to them over and over My god is South Florida dumb girl what Batman and Robin was 97 Well, that was like yeah, but he was around long before that everybody knew George Clooney before that Excellent in the 279 ER That's 25 years ago 25 freaking years ago, man God How about Oscar Levant Oh How about Edward G. Robinson Boy It's so sad but hey listen we're keeping these people off the streets which is a pubic service We got Paris Hilton 45 which big name celebrity the past 10 years the biggest no talent piece of crap Paris got 45 just in stinker belt 21 He's making a move J. L. 16 50 cents got 13 on lucky number man Adam Sandler 12 Britney Spears 10 p.d. 9 the coal rich. He's got six Sarah and we'll show two of mine our website pretty soon Sarah Jessica Parker six bill a mar a spell wrong is got six there's an e in there somewhere M. H. E. R. our kid rock five Dennis Miller four Bernie Mac three Lady crabbots how did he get in there oh? Boker brides and I can't know that's good. I like that nice hair by the way Let me crabbots to Ray were and Boker Brian. I say Ray were mono one and Ed Norton's got one out of the first hundred and six devils now We're cooking little bits starting to percolate. We're like on slow cook Hey guys, maybe your life is on slow cook last time you look at your paycheck. It was like now worth a crap. Okay It was like as useful as Todd Drek useless If that's the case why not do what smart people are doing call fast train toll free at 866 fast train and start a brand new high-paying computer crew I'm gonna start gagging again. You want another one why My Todd Drek allergies oh Oh, I just mentioned his name again. It's killing me That's right call fast train and start a new high-paying computer career in just four shared months They can up you get a new career that will change your life turn it around the demand for computer professionals continues to grow So call one eight six fast train right now With seven locations fast trains about to have a campus nearby you fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people Equalifi and with daynight weekend classes No excuse to say that they didn't job no more and if you register now you can have that new high-paying career No time at all so call today and get yourself all turned around and start having a big fat paycheck One eight six fast trains or check them on the web at fast train.com Show your mind You You Pass the hazelnut views or past the Tuesdays. It's 11 18 is five sixty Q a See just when you think you're over this crap all of a sudden. It says may have to come back It's low It's my slow now let me just say this to you this thing I'm reading about the doctor. Actions being obese Which is the big headline on the story, but he weighed 258 at the time of his death had history of heart disease But he died last April at the age of 72 after being injured in a fallen icy street in New York But before his death he had suffered a heart attack congestive heart failure hypertension Died his one potential factor heart disease, but infections can also contribute to which is what he had they discussed this before he croaked Stor trigger chairman of the Ekens physicians council in New York Pull the journal at the Ekens heart disease stem from cardio myopathy condition thought to result from a viral infection Atkins weight was due to bloating associated with his condition and he had been much slimmer during most of his life Trigger sensey so there's the headline. He was a big fat sloppy way 250 and when he died He was all bloated up like Jerry Lewis was he fat during his life? No, sorry skinny skinny and then he got some kind of a thing whatever it hello was that he got and he took those drugs and it liked bloated him all up Like a bull frog like somebody stuck a bicycle pump of his ass 567.0560 pound five sixty on the AT&T This give us the headline. Okay give us the emotional hysterical headline. I want to spend the entire week talking about God damn Jason Williams And how we're gonna fry him W to Q a M hello Yeah, I like a suggestion for the poll for now right ahead Okay Then Applan all right not bad all right. Thank you. Thank you He's been around a little bit longer than that, but nobody knew who he was right right. Oh It's speaking then Justin take a bell attend to the Grammys with his mama Did you know The last two celebrities I can think of a would tend to know warts ceremony the Oscars with their mama's was Matt Damon and better out. Applan Yeah, attended with mommy I could say some things you follow the pattern. Don't do I got a theory good. Yeah. Well, it's not a theory Oh, really five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA M hello Yeah, I bet eight and Simon call to the poll Who is it? Simon's out to the poll guys from the market idle Yeah, okay if you want Simon call to the same Simon call Is he a big name celebrity? I guess so a lot of people watching that show unfortunately that's pretty sad Let's see how about Andy dick or we can't see that can we see that no Andy dick And Simon call. Yeah, I told you we have a thousand names on it. There was a lot of no talent assholes making some big bucks out there more power to him But I mean that doesn't mean they're not annoying. I'd rather have them making a my adjacent Williams Oh, just I just sticks in my cry if you catch my drift and just bugs the crap out of me WQA M hello I want to put a name on the poll go ahead Ashlyn Kutcher Action putcher, okay. Kutcher Kutcher. Thank you Kutcher Kutcher. Ashlyn Kutcher. He's doing who's it the me more? He was What do you mean he was? I think he might be doing I think he still is there are doing it man They're doing it inside out upside down on the kitchen counter. They're doing it on the ceiling on the flow and more and more But how you can you better get up with these things mister? Okay Now she not doing it. Oh, we can't afford to have like three cardboard boxes on the show Okay, I'm supposed to be the only old square on this box You better catch up with all these hot chocolate celebrities now What's all that Kutcher Kutcher? Those things last like five minutes. They you know He said no, you know, she said it took about five seconds. This is all it took 5 670 560 there's something there's something a little bit just like I told you about Howard Dean man I've got this tremendous instinct Did I tell you about Howard Dean yep crazy what did I say? I said there was something a little bit off about him And this is way back when weeks ago that bothered me a lot There's just something a little bit off and sure enough show enough and the same with Ashlyn Kutcher I mean you look at him like on that show what is that horrible awful show that seven he show yeah, and he looks like How do I say it? I said it before and I don't want to say because it's a terrible thing to say He looks like he's got the body of a woman without minus the breasts. Oh, I mean I guarantee he's got Well, I don't want to say a man jina he's got a man jina WQM online nine hello Angel yes sir. Let's save a place on that pole for that no talent jerk-watt Tom Green you don't like Tom Green? I liked him when he was started out he was funny No, but then he became mainstream in his no game can you have these for you say no talent? I wouldn't say he's no talent But if you want to put him on there like you know, it's okay. Yeah, please do well. I make you feel better Okay, you got it I wouldn't say he's no talent He's a great talent. He's half a talent. He used to be that's what the wasn't him said That dumped him after five months what would have done? Ethel bear more Drew Drew you will picture of a nut and she said oh yeah, that's what he's got just one 560 pound 560 yeah his old show from the Canada was great remember I lent you some of those tapes It was hysterical and then MTV got a hold him and they did the Tom Green what they do everything they destroy sooner or later if you want MTV they destroy now one person they didn't have to destroy was a piece of girl I got the name for you Wow, what a segue Carson daily You have that wow. I want to change my vote. I hate Carson daily Okay Right hook it a lot of votes. He sucks. He's a piece of 30 oh he's annoying man and he thinks he's a real ladies man You know, he think he oh he's doing Christina Aguilar off. He's doing great day next week. He's gonna be doing this one and that one have he doing Justin What big name celebrity to the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap Schmidt garbage 209 29 votes double digits p did he's got 11 Britney Spears got oh I I can't believe that just changed again Nicole Richie just moved to double digits. He's got 10 Britney Spears got 14 Britney Spears is a no talent slot shame on you people P did he 15 and a Sam or 15 6 62 Sam 50 says got 16 JLo's got 20 Justin ticker bells got but turn man and per seulans. Oh, I I can't believe that she's got 65 He run off and hid Now you said that fact disgusting bitch Nicole Cow right Nicole cow right didn't you mention her before the show Yeah, how long she's been around since before she off that old man mean hundred years And she really I don't think anyone ever accused her of having any talent She just took her clothes off. Oh, what a thought Groatess, but she's now no one improved in the only ways for her originally when she was then nervous Yeah, she was good looking and then she got the fat and You know pill poppin and drunk and was described right She's probably no when he tick all those billions of hours away from that 900 year old man You got to do something with it. Yeah, right put in the economy Right is kind of move it around little it in your stomach put maybe that's what she did maybe she got all that money stuff inside of her twice as past 11 at five 60 WQM guys Valentine's Day is coming up this Saturday Hope you're not thinking about giving the same old tired flowers like you've been doing for years Unless you're planning on getting the same old nothing and return that she gives you on Valentine's Day Here are three words you need to be thinking about for month teddy bear count them You send her bear gram and work the upper boy bear the love bandit bears and will star Valentine dressed like a sports fan When it gets there should be completely surprised all of her co-workers I'll think you're the greatest guy for sending such an original thought they'll give even if you're a puts Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for just call 1 800 829 beer And a friendly bear console will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine delivered with a free chocolate and their famous gift box It only takes five minutes to order and overnight delivered your home office is guaranteed So call that toll free number 1 800 829 beer or you can also shop online at vermontitybeard.com Senior Valentine the creative alternative to flowers this year and you can still do it. You got plenty of time at Saturday That's 1 800 829 beer and tell them that old meal To the call 1 800 829 B.E.A.R Reposses you more tonight on comedy central. It's the hilarious comedy stylings of Joe Leaveerman there's an old saying that behind every successful man There's a surprised mother-in-law You can't you believe it the wacky Joe Leaveerman July on comedy central the best way to feed the birds is to give more oats to the horse Thank you. Thank you Brother this guy Thanks you getting hot aren't I You sure know this crap 1131 at five sixty w come the facts is now even coming in with stuff that's ludicrous For example Steve says Kathy Lee Gippard and we say she'd been around longer than before Jesus with a baby, right? Right Where George go? He's not here at the present moment. He just took off. He probably had a go. I think it's gigantic dump Sherwin Osborn. I guess we'll put that on her with much show regret. I can't believe that And Mariah screeching a curious is more I curious been around how many years about 30 minutes Qualified all so I guess we can put Sherrin Osborn if I went George decides to come back because he back? No, oh, okay George may come back or may not as the case maybe he may have just decided to run out of this and I can't blame him to be honest with you 560560 you back oh the short break what you do Pooped with not a sure you did Yeah Oh my god, you see I caught it from you. Sorry I was doing just fine again, did you came back in? I think it's my George allergy how about Sherrin Osborn somebody says okay And then they also somebody said Mariah curry and can't he leave you for both of them when we're around 100 years I mean you people just don't get this you just don't get it. I don't get it. What's wrong with you? I Tell you right now I love I love somebody comes up with a really blackbuster name nobody's gonna touch personal and who could blame them? WQAM Hey, Neil what's up? How you doing sir? Good. You got a flood Durst on there Fred Durst is the worst He's annoying and no talent Stumbag in or out of his underwear correct George get upset about that he loves friend Durst Oh, well, her life. Thanks. Later. Yeah, you do okay You don't I thought limpics get was all right and I thought you were big man. I thought you were real big fan a limp Bigots we keep going over this. They were hot for like five minutes right and You liked them. I like them. I'll get Fred Durst on there. Okay. Don't argue with me. Just put Fred Durst on there I'm just argue with you. I'm just geez. Well, he you must have taken an ugly dumb Pristine was it really oh just slid right out. Oh, don't say that Michael Paul beyond our case again 560 560 pound 560 on the eight Well, before we go on New Yorkity news today says W is guard files MIA There is a hole in service exit Despite President pushes stated willingness to make his international guard records public the agency and charge of the paperwork Block yesterday saying it doesn't have his permission in writing and The White House said it doesn't have any records to release Bush made the statement Sunday on eat the press in an effort to win speculation over democratic accusations that he was a wall From his international guard unit in 1972 and by the way he lied he said that he got permission to leave eight months early so Could go to Harvard law school. Guess what? He didn't go tell a year later. Those eight months he was busy campaigning for some Republican in the south Didn't go to law school to be a later to Harvard Anyway when asked if he would release pay stub's tax record anything to show that you were serving during that period Bush responded Yeah, if we still have them White House spokesman Scott McCulland said he has to have known that there were no pay stub's attacks returns to make available I think the president like most Americans doesn't have his tax returns for 33 years ago McCulland said in terms of pay stub's During the 2000 campaign we checked with the Texas National Guard and they informed us they didn't have him a clone said He said we made everything we had available during the 2000 campaign The headquarters of the air reserve personnel center in Denver last night Was compiling an updated review of Bush's service, but spokeswoman Cindy do he cautioned at the record will be incomplete She said do he still beats Truman We don't have anything and writing from do we said until we do we're releasing the information subject to the freedom of information act Meaning that medical and personal administrative material would be deleted The White House last night couldn't say when the written permission was going to be provided Oh, this thing's going to blow up in his pussy. You'll see Democratic National Committee spokesman Tony Welch charged at the gaping hold in the president services still there He hasn't done anything to clear that up a Senior GO people at the close red is to greed that but Bush didn't put that one to bed with his performance on eat the press Military law expert Eugene Fidel said the DNC chairman was over the top in charging that Bush was a wall from his Alabama Guard unit as Remember the National Guard Bush had most could have been subject to a charge of unsatisfactory performance Fidel said Crossways finally the sea is that somebody was pulling the strings behind the scene Which is what got him in the garden the first place because daddy got him in there Pulling the strings behind the scenes. Okay, here we go and Rika I said I was great regret my close personal buddy and Rika the greasiest Holy what glazed his junior nobody knows who that is who she is it is right Right, but in Rika certainly qualifies and anacorn a hollier absolutely Absolutely you'll treat drunk broad I know everybody all the street guys who okay guys and all the cited guys no Oh guys a banana corner, hold you. I thought it was a retruck comment What does that mean that she doesn't have three trucks? How do you know red woods okay 560 560 pound 560 On the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines tickets all porcupue were put in a run here. We're gonna rush on. Yeah, she doesn't have any talent Hey, we're given 50 set of shot Oh, no, he has less than no talent, but he did kill somebody so he says They had a jason Williams killed his dog I don't know about the limo driver, but I think you ought to get it just for killing the dog. I'm sure and let me ask you this Why is it since everybody seems to know this story about him killing his dog? What what what punishment did he get for that? Do we know? I guess none evidently nothing Evidently nothing for shooting and killing his pet dog because he lost a bet to some other scumbag Jesus K f in Christ What kind of a what what kind of a world are we talking about? Can understand all his violence in America can you? But we had a naked booby on TV my god. Got only those with will be next We need a lot more naked booby's on TV is what we need a lot more nudity and like I would tell you for about a hundred years a lot less senseless violence WQAM hello I'm bad phone Neil I just wanted to Procedure that you and I bet on a maple leaf game and the winner gets to shoot Jason Williams Excellent great idea Okay Is this the same Jason Williams is shot in chauffeur alleged? Do you remember there's another Jason Williams right? This is the same one. This is the same one The trial the trial starts today Opening statements. That's the guy Good luck you're calling good luck See the pan says got new coach any interest no from the inside of the organization of course works cheap Not gonna go up there and spend about Alan Cohen by the way for the Panther organization drowning in a sea of writing They were talking about that here on the hockey shows over the weekend Rounding and a sea of writing some franchises in the south and the NHL and big well a whole Exyn big couple because there's gonna be a lot coming season but Carolina even Atlanta with their good team Florida Panthers sometimes in really deep cramp You keep making up those attendance numbers Alan keep giving away them tickets for free that will bring in the cash WQAM hello Ola Not there too late too late too slow for me QAM hello Yes, sir. I do an idea. I go on for you. Yeah, Dr. Phil Dr. Phil is magnificent a fine choice Thank you so much. Hey, but I can hear like his haircut though. What I said amen amen Open these statements said for Williams trial. Now. What do they got on the court TV? Is that troubbing televised? I don't know oh, I'll see Phil Spector a Robert Blake Kobe Bryant. They just end there in a spot now You can do it Kelly rip off I feel I'm clean Now she's got an she's she's got the same face as Peris Hilton Oh, yes, she does with that pinch nose. I did I don't find females with pinch noses attracted whether it's Christina Aguilera Whether it's Peris Hilton or the onges Kelly Ripple who's got nothing makeup on there to make Mary Kay a billionaire could be cataracts She drives a cataract probably does probably read this London tour over the waterfall You think read this is getting a little bit of that Oh, I think he's hitting that Be sure as hell wasn't hidden Kathy Lee. I'll go and yeah, maybe this way. What did the disgusting thought? 20 till noon is five 60 WCM. We got the Willie Williams show replaces mad dog and Hank today between two and seven Panther preview seven to seven 30 to Panthers host a dreaded Montreal Canadians and the lovely Josie theater Or at the seven three tonight at the macarina any interest no a lot of frogs will be there film up the seats Any K follows the hockey game Joe and Mark in the dark overnight. Remember Mark in the dark? No Yeah, you do I do I don't I don't any five I 95 talks was on airmark in the dark. Well, who the hell was that Mark? Was his name? I don't know. Yeah, you do mark Morgan I bet you he went to that the broadcasting school. You know I mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on five 60 Q 8 Well, what a spanned love your mark Hey thinking about a new car a trap well if you want to save big that and right now what if he did jack You want to save a lot of cash hit for armstrong's Toyota of homestead You'll find him on US one just 20 easy minutes south of the 36 well worth a trip no matter where you are because Armstrong Toyota homestead is gonna save you thousands and billions and billions of dollars on great new toy odis Check out these great prices. They're unbeatable and oh for a coroll loaded including air that you own for just 12 990 And oh for camber with air automatic and lots more just 16 990 need a truck how about an O4 Toyota Turnor the safest truck in America from just 14 990 when you buy your new vehicle that Armstrong's Toyota homestead You get a free some past this was the first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life So you figured without general manager David rich and a staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today Experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference are locally old and operated and are committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction No games no BS no us on the dance There is service department is open late week nights even to late to make sure that the service work is done and done right Easy to get there there are US one in two 93rd street in homestead just 20 several minutes south of the old 836 So if you're nauseated if you're sick and tired if you're fed up with those mega dealers who over promised give you the big song today It's an under deliver called David rich armstrong Toyota homestead GM a 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 for armstrong Toyota of homestead Travelable and save yourself a whole lot on that great new Toyota What the new war you Welling when I'm so mind your luck 15 this morning turn himself into the BS. How do you like that? Yes, it's cowards no racing Chris race for that drop dead taste kids love You okay? Now odds no racing Chris this area fortified with cash and told vitamins and minerals in every powder film box try a swoonfall No, I sure it'll fall for its drop dead taste. I got no pulse here. Let's cover them up try the cereal That's got not only kids what the whole Senate talking cowards new racing Chris be cereal They only sure all that goes snap It's 1146 at five 60 W come here it is again case you missed the courtesy of CBS 4 Josh their appoints out You're such a pussy Josh Welling William surrendered himself in the main jail lobby 11 15 this morning BS oh didn't know he was gonna surrender at that time He's currently inside the jail. I will not be accessible to the media So I guess we're gonna be talking to what he wins today, huh? But like but like Galdi says let's rehab I'm a come on. Let he he give another 20 30 chances come on Galdi you're such a little sucking. Remember the movie the ugly duckling We're gonna make a sequel is gonna be called the ugly suckling starring Galdi And we're also ever dropping that goes enough of the suckling Here's Sean who's one of our best facts who says love that you'll leave me displayed says Leave him in is so boring a secret service code name is Joe Lieberman Also he wants to submit for the poll Matthew McConicky McConney the entertainment media We're so desperate to pump him up as America's heartthrob Shons his he makes my colon trob as in breccom and he's got a great poll. I like this for a tomorrow Did you see this? It's a good he's a good poll man That's a compliment I do There's nothing like being a good all speaking of that. I guess I better play this once Where is it? I just got through playing that one. What where the hell is it? Oh, it's I had a cue up. I didn't even know I'm bringing you the paper yet. Clearly Just quarterback to win too super bowl. What are you going to do that? I'm gonna go home and watch Janet Jackson's help time performance at my team. Oh Over and over again Sure he's doing a hell of a better in Janet Jackson Anyway, he's also a good poll man Tom Brady this poll what movie was the most depressing? That's good I shouldn't probably read that because now they'll start calling in with that for tomorrow. Don't do it He's got a good list here two midnight cowboy casualties of war Romo and Juliette Citizen Kane terms of indirmit. Oh, do Billy Joe looking for Mr. Goodvar or Jack the bear what that was jacked up bear I forget was that like Jack a ripper Like the grim rumor 560 and Kaci didn't hear it opening statement said for the Jason Williams trial jurors will hear two versions of how a limo driver was killed When opening statements are made in the former NBA stars manslaughter trial in summerville, New Jersey prosecutors maintain that while William's didn't intend to kill costas Gus Christofi He acted with reckless indifference when interview shotgun from a cabinet in the bed Lot of shotguns in in house, you know what does it everybody and open it and close didn't one motion it fired and hit Christofi was about three feet away He opened a cabinet and like but I think William's has been free on bail of course and his defense team at portrait the shooting at the 40 Romo is accident the defense is indicated a lot of time to show Williams was in shock Right Prosecutors said that immediately after the shooting when he was wiped a gun tried to put the victim's hand or finger prints on it He then removed this clothing jumped into a pool downstairs put on new clothing He told guests they must agree the shooting was a suicide and tell police did all been downstairs That sounds like something innocent guy would do a net of course told all the guests They must agree the shooting was a suicide and tell police did all been downstairs And then it goes on about he faces a seven charges including aggravated manslaughter witness tampering charges That could carry up to 55 years in prison. Oh right his ass now Not for a little driver, but for the dog God, that's the way about shooting the dog is just it's just all the eating I mean what what kind of a sane person somebody that's like walking around on the outside what kind of a sane person who doesn't play in the NBA is allowed to do that anybody we know no But not if you're a jack not if you're studying jack 5 6 7 all look at this oh No, it just keeps getting worse than Just after we turn himself into because he wants his 40 a chance. It's only it's only a 13 chance I think he's got like 12 criminal charges so this is lucky number 13 He can be the next damn arena we've been always a linebacker New charges relating to this discharge of a fire extinguisher where five against Carroll City high school linebacker Willy Williams this morning gosh dang Gainesville state attorney Bill Servon file charges of obstructing your sting wishman criminal Mestiff which he classified as Mr. Meeners stemming from Williams football recruiting fifth of the University of Florida, January 30 to February 1st Williams you have him's topic could surrender. He did already 1115 On Monday, he would charge with Mr. Meiner battery bar servone for allegedly hugging a woman against her will Well, he's just being friendly. Let me get you a little hug now. Oh, yeah Today's new is charging documents says Williams did know willfully had maliciously injured destroy Remove or in any matter interfere with the use of tools Equipment or other instruments used in the detection reporting suppression or extinguishment of fire to width Fire extinguishers by discharging fire extinguishers without authority local purpose well that one of these seems like small potatoes, right? Right now the hug of the broad without her permission like oh, I'm gonna give you a hug. No, yes, I am no I don't think so no thanks. Yes, uh-huh Plus the other 40-fiber if he thinks on her he's got some problems But like y'all he says give another 20 or 30 chances come on and let's bring Lawrence still expected that all for more try what do you say? No and mercury Morris and some of the other scumbags See one thing all you kids out there must learn and that is if you're just a scumbag if you like a janitor If you're like a cam driver If you're a truck driver if you're a radio ho, no, that's a different category if you're uh just know where they're like our salesmen a sales hole You can't be a scumbag and But not everybody like trying to throw your ass in jail the rest of your life, but if you're an athlete or a major celebrity is some kind like a movie star or a TV celebrity Then you can be a real scumbag who basically do whatever you want a rock star a rock star do whoever and whatever you want And everybody say oh, can we please have your autograph please please can we have your autograph? They might be worth something someday oh What's speaking of scumbags One minute mark France while was talking and laughing with his cousin and cousins friend outside Mark Tyres his four-laterial car wash and detailing shop next minute bullets were flying Two men were hit one fatally yesterday I step inside the office. I hear a bullet France while told channel four when I look out. I see my cousin on the flow A witness followed the government as you got into a Chevy Malibu calling police with a location Four-laterial police detective Andy Palance of the witness told police the car was headed toward I 95 and mark in the dark I was on a phone with a police at the witness who said he was related to both France one one of the men who were shot He told the dispatcher. I'm following them right now next thing. I know I got like 20 cop cars behind me Officers halted southbound traffic on I 95 and finally stopped the Malibu just north of Sheridan street across the Penn Dutch Food Center Penn Dutch meets remedies to be a sponsor on his show one time. Yes, I need years ago and that guy's out the only grinder That's right. I'd like a Julian on passion to was in the tuna canning thing He didn't accelerate he slowed down Palance that he only changed lane once and he used a blinker TV helicopter is followed is almost 20 police cars converted on the car order the suspect out get out of the car mother effort The slingshest spec was questioned late last 90 facet charges of murder attempted murder To other people to vehicle also being questioned but hadn't been charged Polanced at Inafai was complete in close for just a few minutes snarling southbound traffic after what how unusual Not too far from Georgia's house is a matter of fact not too far from the old IOD from the passion IOD See I too far from where what's his name marky marks a parking space was Remember that? Was his name check mark Jack mark we still have this sign in here x marks the spot what an asshole I jack mark. I hope you're listening here real asshole. Okay jack you're an idiot jack mark I'll then out of shape about his parking spot in that building A real puss not as big of a puss as rarer Pussman the chief engineer a faction a real smuck Paris held on I'd tell you she's got 87 votes. She is pulling away from the pack Which big name celebrity from the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap Paris held in 87 Justin tick about 44 Britney Spears 24 I find that to be a communist act Don't you find that on a several- No tan to call her a piece of crap. Anyone she's a mean her she is a piece if that's all she did she's a piece Must be a bunch of fangs J. Lowe 24 What I'm telling you what what heterosexual guy would call Britney a piece of crap nobody I know Probably a freaky Carlos voted 24 times I bet she likes Susan Luchido Jennifer Lopez 24 pdd 23 50 sent 22 Adam Sandler 19 a call richy 17 Dennis Miller also 17 and moving up nicely smuck Kidrock 11 bill Marr 9 Sarah Jessica Parker 8 I said it right first time in my life Dr. Phil six time greens got for that's bad Tom Green is not a no tell he's a very funny guy you wouldn't know that I'm TV right those are people never saw zoolge show And maybe there's so that awful movie was that movie he made oh Man oh How easy they forget that was worse than fart man a Freddy got pretty got finger. Yeah. Oh yeah, Freddy gets to the finger In fact he say be well to give up one anyone finger if you give that other nut back Sure at Osborne 4 Lenny Crabbets 4 Ben Offlock 4 Carson daily's got 4 and starting to move up nicely You suck Carson you suck big time Burning Mac 3 Ray Romano 3 Ashden Kuchir Kuchiku 3 and it not one and one for Eddie Dick Fred Durst got one Kind of like a course crew one and a quarter whole years got one Simon cows got one and no votes yet They just went up there in weekday and Matthew McConaughey out of 248. They want to their one of them for a weekday Because we'll make me feel bad, you know In weekdays okay by me You like in weekday as what a guy Never better Everybody loves this show. Oh good loves this show Send me a Christmas card. I love him send me autograph CDs loves me and he finally I'll say one thing for me finally Fest up he said how do we need I'm not a great singer? Which oh no kidding? And he finally got rid of that mole. He got rid of them all. He said I'm selling sex That's what I'm doing. I'm selling schmaltz and sex and I got a hot body and I look really great and I like you know Make a lot of good or we'll noises and what's not to like it? It's 1557 at 560 WCM no forget a life from the BS. Oh, really when you make sure we're to this afternoon This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8 Cool baby. Let's turn this mother out Baby no one heard of him before or they miss Bob daddy I said that's Bob the magic rapper or what be here that long Not a let's see learns to sing on to write up frigging song I said Bob the magic rapper is all over empty me Only because of one shop no forest the I Jesus and guy maybe someone should tell him making it this way is wrong Thinking at short that best friends became flesh ball Stop doggy doggy dog All the first crack. Come on to it 560 WCM got an amazing story here White House to release bushes military pay records Which proves nothing but we'll get to it all right proves nothing P did he's moving into what third place tie that's why I played that and guess who he's tie with? Well, I could look I don't have to guess JLo 26 a piece. They were married for about a few seconds Yeah, she's always always mirroring these a fact. I mean he's a funny strange guys The White House facing election year questions about president Bush's military services releasing pay records other information Intended a support is a search and intended to support is a search net he fulfilled his duties a member of the air national guard during the Vietnam war Do we believe it? Oh, we'll approve anything. Oh the material to be released today was to include pay records in annual retirement points Some reason show that Bush served the turkey to the troops These records clearly document that the president fulfilled his duty White House shield scum or Colin said The points some reason were leasing the 2000 presidential campaign but the pay records were not obtained by the White House to late yesterday But from the air reserve personnel said to end Denver He said the center apparently acting on its own reviewed Bush's records and came up with the pay information It was our impression from the Texas air national guard they stated they didn't have them he said it was also our impersonate records didn't exist Bush on Sunday authorized the release of his guard records McFellon said the latest material apparently is all of Bush's records The pay information documented the dates when Bush showed up for guard duty this folks been said you are paid for the dates you serve for clay added right Bush's military record was raises an issue in the 2000 campaign what we know all about that Yaviyani, Yani, a Central issue is whether Bush showed up for duty while aside in the guard units in Alabama where he worked on a political campaign in 72 There may be no evidence but I did report Bush told NBC's eat the press on Sunday Otherwise I would have been out of Lee discharge unless of course somebody was pulling the strings behind the scenes oops Another question is why he was allowed to end guard duty about six months early to attend Harvard Business School Bush had NBC and worked it out with a military and I'm just telling you that I did my duty The only problem may look I told him before he didn't attend Harvard Military School of a business school at that time until year later Look it up look it in a red shrub by Molly Ivins McClullon said the White House would release statements previously distributed from Albert Lloyd Jr Who was person of the record for the Texas air national guard from 69 to 95 and who reviewed Bush's military records at the request of his campaign four years ago Lloyd has said that Bush has early discharge with not uncommon for pilots or other crewmen who would leave soon and it been trained now obsolete jets is what's Bush's case right So I'll give you eight months off to go campaign for summer public and can't they down here in Georgia, Alabama or what? And then you can just goof off all that time. I'm looking at you credit. I'm gonna fix it all up for you because daddy's pulling the strings Appreciate it No problem Don't forget we got the primaries going on Tennessee and Virginia carries gonna kick guys again today and Howard Dean says I'm not leaving Even next Tuesday if I lose him Wisconsin Contrary to what I said before because I changed my mind a lot I'm not going nowhere I'm hanging in there. Is he doing well in Tennessee? How about Virginia? No, no Is he second neither one no He's sucking windows what he's doing I'm so glad that I saw through you know, I mean not that I have anything to do with but I'm just I'm just glad that I have to offer you a quick I hopped off at that hot potato real fast because I saw something just not just that right you know I mean That was before the I have a scream speech anybody could have jumped on ends. Well, you know He said in a case The media just stuck to final nails in his coffin on epil Paris Hilton's only one vote away from a hundred Alabama now today the White House said they will release some new never before seen Perse a payroll documents from the air reserve I just got through a saying that honey see my head of CNN even how do you like that? That was from the Boston Globe by the way, which is always a head of CNN Paris Hilton 99 just in Tinkerbell 47 Jennifer Lopez 28 p. Diddy 27 he's fallen on right on Jennifer J. Louis behind Britney Spears 25 50 cent 24 Adam Sandford 20 Nicole Richie 17 and Dennis Miller 17 and excellent pairing if you ask me 560 5056 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hi Speaking I know how you doing okay, or first lady of the day Lady out I have a Name for your poll okay, I suggest to that. I don't think we put around her. Did we? I don't know I don't know I don't know anything 300 pounds of crap She's scary She sure is but okay, thanks. Thanks, bye. You got it And that's your com cause we mentioned before I'm excited oh no, this is some of the best news. I mean some of the worst news I've ever seen Jack Mark is dead. That makes that sign of collectors. That's bad news Jack Mark died That would teach him to mess with me in his parking spot over there at Paxon now I OD Man I guess then and I who told you this Craig Greg Reed Greg Reed Greg was listening to the show did you give him permission to listen to this show We're not talking about sports he can't be listening to this show. We are talking about Willie Williams What we're talking about with Jason Williams and Willie Williams right and Willie and Larry Williams short fat Fanny remember that no, that's what we're talking about sports Jack Mark is dead. Well, thanks for the good news Greg and have a great life So senior one of these days, but not too soon hopefully Thanks for the corporate disease that I'm still getting over with from your sick building by the way That's why I got sick down there. This is just the after birth of it I'm turning on the heat in here yesterday only compounded it if you catch my drift only like made it worse But I got the crud right there in that room where you're sitting so beware Crossboarder church visit cost man $10,000. Look at that Montreal crossing the US can't have devoted to go to church on Sunday cost the US citizen $10,000 for breaching wash and ends Top news security rules the expensive trip to church was as a pride you know something I think this inspired me this story I think if it starts costing everybody $10,000 to go to church each time or synagogue or mosque or whatever they're going I think that solves the problem right there. Don't you sure People stop going The expensive trip to church was a surprise for Richard Albert resident of rural Maine who lives so close to the Canadian border The US customs office is right next door to his house house Like the other half dozen residents of township 15 range 15 crossing the borders the daily ritual for Albert The nearby Quebec village of St. Panfield is where they shop eat and pray There are many such situations in rural areas along the largely unguarded 5,530 mile border between Canada and the USA in which in some cases actually runs down the middle of streets Through buildings I never knew that did you yes The border runs down the middle of streets sometimes Like 441 like by a mommy's house there. I don't sign on her side. It's Hollywood the other side is Davy But you know rooms in some cases as result Albert says he didn't expect any problems three weeks ago when he returned home to the US after a tiny mass in Canada's usual The local US custom station is closed on Sundays So we just drove around the lock gate as you done every weekend since the gate appeared last May Following a tightening of border security two days later Albert was some of the customs office where an officer told him he'd been caught on camera crossing the border illegally Otto has granted special passions of some 300 US citizens in that region so they can enter the country when Canadian customs Post are closed, but the US cancel the similar program last May surprise That forces local residents to make a 200 mile detour along treacherous logging roads to get home via the nearest staff border checkpoint What a bunch of ossels a spokesman for the US Bureau of Customs and Border Protection would not comment specifically in Albert's case because of privacy laws Since 911 we've enhanced our security and some of the situation require inconvenience to people we have to go along with what the regulations are said Janet Rappaport, Rappaport, oh a public affairs officer with a bureau She ended at local residents have been told about the stricter controls Albert is appeal to fine, but it has not attended a Sunday mass since I feel like I'm living in a jail he said the sir and you are Yeah, there you go Albert. That's the good old USA for you man. Just sticking it right in your butt Oh, and also you know I didn't mention this is bad that my bed So I have to carry it away with this pull hold a move on dot org thing. Oh I bet you they got over 300,000 signatures by now. I'm sure because yesterday they had any mail for those of you who are members who just read their stuff move on dot org The response to our censure campaign has been incredible just absolutely In more in just days more than a quarter-median people are joined our call on Congress to censure president And for misleading us in his rush to war are we sponsored among the strongest we've ever seen The response was so strong in fact that you may have had trouble accessing our website to sign on We've now taken steps to ensure that you'll be able to get true Just like we're doing to make sure you can get through when we have Jennifer Conley a naked tomorrow, right? Right It says tomorrow will present our campaign Well present our campaign to Congress at a press conference in Washington Meaning today will be joined by former top intelligence officers and by parents who's certainly been injured and killed while serving in the military in Iraq With your help we can make a statement even more powerful aiming at 300,000 signatures on the petition by sometime today We can also reach a major milestone and move on History our two minute US member two majority working assets in the win without war coalition Also joining us in this campaign please join us in our call on Congress to censure president bush at Move on dot org slash censure you can go online right now To move on dot org and when it out check it out It's a beautiful thing There's Howard Dean who is a hill Mary pass and and Dean saying a lot of hill Mary the fantastic job and revitalizing a democratic party is about to live I know is it only me are you a little bit sick and tear to see in the same donna Brazil and Mary Madeline Magdalene and all you the same old talking head you know I should look sick and tear to see those people on there quite god almighty Cinema to lunch or something get rid of them put some new people on there some new talking head Christ on there's a Howard Dean side an autograph Aren't you excited? 12 minutes past known at five sixty wqm it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredible your pay zero closing costs zero application fee Zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan Your payments are only $134 bucks a month If you have a 200 thousand dollar only purely sixty eight a month What's not to like and don't forget? Once you'll be financially good new home works from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So call today went and now check this out call 1 800 940 land get the low rate mortgage You deserve and then move on to your next property with no further cost to expense you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees Zero closing cost in when you moved another property get that new unbelievable low financing rate of just 1.25% It's the only one mortgage from financial group call 1 800 940 tales and never pay closing cost ever again Financial group 1 800 940 L a and d they're an equal housing lender Restrictions do apply rates of some to change monthly 4.21 APR In Toy Stores now the Janet Jackson top of stall comes complete with Terroway Belkot Mom I can see Janet's movies hey Her cool the Janet Jackson top of stall I'm ready to go turn the naked foot naked is good that's that's it and coming soon a Michael Jackson Terroway Belkot moves I got your nose Speaking of that I got some great news for you Okay, some sand and anocornal holia What no the much awaited sports illustrated swimsuit is she was due out tomorrow and millions of readers mostly men and some others are Unlikely the biggest appointed this year says ABC news Featuring a baby of beautiful models posting in swimsuits and spectacular locations around the world the swimsuit issue This year starts with tennis player anocornal holia on the cover in an it's he bits he swimsuit in fact I think I'm gonna like during this great email is to Eric and he can put it on our website Or bad right okay, there she is with an it's he bits he teeny weeny swimsuit In the corner of the cover a text box reads anocornal holia may be retired but she's still the hottest player in tennis But in interview with ABC news good morning America today the Russian tennis star her reach the women somey finals weeks after 16th birthday said she hasn't retired from the game that shot her to fame With her icy blonde good looks in well-tanned well-tone limbs say limbs A.K.A. three trunks. I get it Cornohoy is one of the best known tennis stars in recent years, but she's been more memorable for her looks than her game To say the least when she first shot to fame as an exceptionally talented 14 year old hopes were high for the rising tennis star but an a career played by injuries and aneptis up the 23-year-old tennis player has him on a single major tennis tournament But if related slow-rosen sports illustrated shot on the sunny beaches of Puerto Rico or anything to get to go buy No ones really complaining about her faded to win that whimmelton Although Cornohoy is raised to pages of SI in a past this is the first year she's appeared as a swimsuit model Speaking of ABC news is anxious Diane Sawyer Cornohoy you said it was a matter of good timing They have asked me a few times before but I was playing full-time not able to do it now that I'm taking time off this was perfect to take Toza Right, if you're going to take some time off take some close off a reason back in Jeviz kept her off the tennis court for about ten months But Cornohoy just said she hopes to be back in action by the summer And a co-san briefly. I think I'll email the limit for get don't forget me. I'll let the Eric or Eric and just do what on his own. It's ABC news.com And just put that picture on here. We've got it. We can put the whole story on there because it's got that picture of her on the front cover Just where she just wearing a little it's he it's he beti beti tini we need bikini okay, okay, okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and team Verizon line Which big name celebrity of the past ten years is the biggest no talent piece of crap So far per person's got one oh five and Justin think about 15. Nobody's even close and the phones aren't even ringing now that pathetic or what that's It's kind of like our hot couples contest. I don't know what you people are waiting on maybe we just have nobody's listening out there Is that possible now? No, maybe we just have the ten same ten people doing four million hits a day in our website Or maybe just a people that are checking out our website or just hornie A hornie toads that don't care about the show or anything else that could be it could be that's likely Anyway, this is the last week. You got true Friday. This Friday the 13th is submit your entries your pictures Just email them to contested neolodges.com Any I L ROG eras contest at neorodges.com And next week we put all the pictures up there so far we got only what four five Five six not too many no and we got three two great prizes and also a third prize What I want to say that's a great prize right right dinner for two with the pizza It's a nice prize. It's a good prize. You'll go back again and again and maybe even pay for it someday in the food too but the first two prizes those trips to Jamaica or two Bahamas not bad mind But in order to compete you got to got to email us the pictures and next week week of February 16 the pictures will be up on our website all week long It'll be people of Oton whoever's got the most votes at the end of the week They are the winners, okay? And if we only got four five and looks pretty good for those people So do whatever you like WDQA and hello Neolod major thing on your Are my poll is kerosop Carotop would be fantastic Haven't seen kerosop in a long time though. Good kerosop on your George got him we got him And we're not gonna let him out good Lock the dough and throw away the key WQA. I'm hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, good afternoon Good afternoon to you my friend. Yeah, that's one Three or four Alicia keys yeah, what's wrong with Alicia keys? You can't bring you the old. Well, I didn't say she could sing okay, okay. That's one. What's the other one? Jackie No arguments here What Big name celebrity Jackie Johnson is a big name celebrity. She's got big guns. Well, that's not a big name Now what is this fact she just sent me it says Cardinal says Islam and Christianity have common ground It says what a crock of poop for followers of theory tells and mother goose PS with when somebody asked you believe in God. I answer with which one then watch him dig a hole around himself Also, here's the fact that says I saw that silly queen miss Tinkerbell giving her apology at the Grammys on all the entertainment shows last night Well, ask us a Hollywood that said you're walking over thicker than emo that's that says asses asses Hollywood with the anxious petal Brian She says she had a rough week what an unmitigated nerve Carly brusher had a rough week you asshole. That's what fucing a bad week is being killed like an animal and dump for garbage Not some fake booby scandal you tell it was very bitch Means thinkerbell It says also critter for low wants the beard back Kevin Spacey also went to the Academy Awards with his mommy. Oh well We know about Kevin Spacey, but we had the different thing we like Kevin Spacey, right? And I like Matt Damon you don't but I do and Nobody likes Ben Affleck no more To bed What about Diana Ross? Well, she's a little neurotic little bit tuner rata for me. I love that music. It was great in its time in back in the day In the day I got a whole bunch of it over here somewhere in that motown. Let's play motown. All right Good that you make and lady all pissed off What did she call deaf again you think? Probably he isn't told me please call deaf. He missed your cause lightly Jamaican lady And bitch about everything on the station bitch about that new Willy Woody me showed us gonna be starting in two o'clock till midnight And I don't mean midnight tonight. I mean midnight like in the emptycember Diana Ross convicted of DUI Diana was convicted yesterday of driving out of the influence order to spend two days in jail in the slamer The R&B Diva who telephone to the city court hearing from New York She appeared by phone pleaded no contest to DUI To related charges were dropped Tucson magistrate TJ Kronshaw found Ross guilty of DUI since her to serve 48 hours in jail before March number nine What they'll just happen in here what what like all of a sudden my lights just picked up a knock She was also and I'll be just went back to where they were again. Oh, that's not a good sign She was also sentenced to a year of unsupervised probation Ross 59 originally was charged with driving out of the influence driving with the bloodout call concentration of point o wait Or more and extreme DUI with bloodout call concentration point 15 or more in other words she was fast nerd Tucson police arrested in December 30 of 2002 after driver-cover reported cart traveling southbound in the northbound lanes Just outside the city's northeast limits Brett test result showed Ross had a bloodout call concentration of point two o Arizona's legal limit is point o wait point two Wow almost three times the legal limit you crazy bitch That's how she had a lot of stress ever since they tried to like check out her boobies near point in London Remember that ever since they tried squeezing her and back maybe maybe when he was with like to squeeze that and whether she wants to be squeezed or not Because that seems to be one of his thing You can do it. I'll be picking out what they want you guys going to be one of your cohorts in Q. I am he's going to be doing a show Yeah, soon you'll see or long as he doesn't grow up me Twenty six right he might he might like to might like to Grow up Josh Mo he might oh But he when he grew tries to grow more and all the subjects his hands stuck in that bag. Wow That'll teach him 26 pass known at five 60 speaking of its in the bag and race diabetic is it all issues me will replace the drink that happens to be made for people like me Who are living with diabetes, but Anybody out here who wants to cut down your sugar and take a drink and really enjoy it because it tastes great It's sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar, but there's no after taste like you get with the aspirin and saccharine drinks There's other things that taste like crap and Resh diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all these sexual vitamins of minerals needed for healthy life plus Fiber and the oxygen and yet it's low insensory the fat and cholesterol too And a rest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and it ounce can provides 237 calories of easily Digested nutrition you try to rest diabetic once an healthier and tell that great life honey You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before in fact the people who make this product are so sure you're going to love it They will give you your free to pack That is correct One vanilla one chocolate date anybody who calls that toll free number One eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or faster yet If you want to get a real quick just click on their website and erect diabetic calm click on free samples Be sure and tell when you call that Neil Center by for the delicious one getting the initial special gift You can pick it up all over town too as matter facted public's Walgreens Eckards Navarro Sidanos and Georgia's favorite CBS another local pharmacies to don't forget that number now one eight six six Three six eight thirty seven thirty nine for your free Two pack My Your sports video five sixy two a Are you on a ledge cut of fire who's having trouble falling asleep now? There's the old you sleeping bill for middle aged washed out freaks and build understand lights leaving with young boys is wrong Try Thudomax from Santa Maria California here's Michael. Yeah, on some Hi, this is Michael and since the police rats said my home. I just get to sleep I tried cutting shit Boy's life magazine The signal is me Nothing worse. That's what I take a little someone Maybe a little something Okay, Santa Max just to sign a mix and I drop off as you get my nose Big Santa makes tonight you creep creep Santa Max from the makers of PDFile call syrup and a purpose in an acid cup 32 at five 60 We got a couple of stories here now. He's a little bit more on the Willie Williams since Joe Rose said Blackhead said this morning everybody in the world is talking about this Partly I mean first it was Janet's booby and it's a Willie Williams speaking of boobs Top Miami recruit Willie Williams surrendered to authorities this morning as new charges willing to the This charge of a fire extinguisher were fought against the Carroll City High School linebacker We already had the thing about the charges. We'll weigh how do you he surrendered? 15 this morning at the Brown County jail for waterdale Tuesdays knew his charging documents says Williams did willfully it well. We already did that didn't we? Yeah. This is in a hurled. Oh, we already had all this crap I already had this the charging document also said Williams did unlawfully willfully and maliciously injure or damage by any means Any real or personal property of another to with the University of Florida slash Hilton conference center by the charging fire exting which is about a whole about a hallway and floor Such damage being greater than 200 bucks for less than the thousand upper crank our last mob. I bet you Greg will play that on a petty cash right now if we had any petty case with me All's forgiven. Well, he come on home He's been a lineup for the hurl cones you want you'll see all right and your people are gonna love this And of course nothing to has nothing to be less than coming up in November. Okay, keep that in mind U.S. said to get tougher on Cuba Ready okay in the latest move to obey president pushes orders to tighten U.S. sanctions on Havana The Treasury Department has identified 10 companies owned by the Cuban government and warned that anyone doing business with n could face criminal charges Do you two that we didn't tell the teeny that about a rack Treasury Secretary John Snow told the hurled is department is also considering tightening the restrictions on cash remittances That Cuban American send a relatives on the island. That's good like I said pistol out of people Yeah, mm, the department also considering we've hooking the authorization for legal trappers to bring back up to a hundred dollars worth of Cuban goods Including cigars and rum a side benefit of travel to Cuba That when we had good cigars long time ago right In a separate action Treasury officials also announced that three cases are under investigation by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami for Postural criminal violations They declined to discuss the cases, but federal sources said it was tied with annual summer sale mode race to Cuba to key west Several participants in last year's race were flagged by authorities for possible violations The department's actions were partly heightened enforcement of U.S. commercial and travel sanctions to Cuba Emerging from President Bush's order in October to tighten restrictions in place against President Castro's government since the 60s Which are obviously working so well No question about a man freedom is just a here's breath away in it a pubic here's breath a pubic horse breath away from being honest or whatever that was 25 till one is five sixty wq and we got a new worm My juices on the loose. I wonder if that's the old Jesus juice worm Huh? That's the one Michael liked a lot. That dip your woman my Jesus juice People whose computers are infected with the my doom virus that's been spreading via email for the past couple We still have one more thing to worry about a new worm called my juice Or my doom dot sees the technique effective computers to wait back door left by the my doom virus right today Old back door back home. That's what's coming in So keep your back door shut tight Although technically a new worm my juice is being called a variant of my doom because it's related Some anti virus experts speculated was probably written by the same person or persons responsible for my doom I can I'm just envisioning a bit to the tune of my girl, you know my doom. Okay, can you hear that? No, you can Oh, there it is my doom. It's circulated by a foul attached email infected hundreds of thousand while we know So there you go watch out for the old my juice worm 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T line Q AM hello Yes, sir She's on there Colin Quinn Blackmail Thanks, baldy he's on your Colin Quinn who's that? Saturday night life he is he why I want to I him watch it since it was good. Here's a show on comedy central now Oh, God how about John Stewart? He's been on her long time. Oh You can't say that everybody gets their news all the young people get the news from comedy central That's the problem 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here we go which big name celebrity the past 10 years is the biggest no peace talent a no talent piece of crap no peace 486 votes What do we got so far? Paris Hilton is killing a man. She's that 110 nobody's gonna touch that bitch Just then think about 52 nobody's gonna touch that bitch either if they're smart Pdn 32 50 cent is got 31 Britney Spears has got 30 man 30 J. Lo has got 30 man 30 Dennis Miller 27 Adam standard 25 Dr. Phil 22 balled had the geek Nicole Richie 19 kid rock 13 bill Mars got a dozen The Dave Barry of your TV set and in the cold's got 11 Carson daily 9 he should be doing a lot better than that He just oh, you know some people you see them and you just get angry right what's his excuse? He's an asshole. I say Tom Green 9 so our Jessica Parker 9 bad off luck in the 7 sure and Osborne 7 Ray Ramonos got 7 Lenny Kravitt Ray Ramonos in the irritating not this might make me angry. I just change the channel real fast Lenny Kravitt's five Simon Call for asked and Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi 3 Fred Dersh has got three George. Okay. You love Fred Dersh. Yeah I love Fred Dersh. Bernie Mac 3 Andy dick 2 and Ricky the greasy is only got two and his close personal friend and the corner hood has got a pair You think I'm a key ever seen no no One Alicia keys one none yet zero. This is amazing out of 490 votes Matthew McConaughey Caratop and McCollonquid just one under but they all got the big in an air he's not wasting any time Oh, you're putting these on right Josh is oh Josh is putting them on. What are they going on so fast? Well in that case here's 50 more Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 5 6 7 0 5 or like I said Ferris doing it here's a hundred more just kidding or just come down WQAM hello Hey, sir sounds like me. Yeah, I do a buddy pretty good, paly Hey, man, what happened to wee v. I urge the bad news for him who who wee v the weatherman What happened to wee v? Channel six Screwed them over as it always happens. They have blew them out Okay, yeah, and a weekend I had that story on yesterday somebody fasty information Bob we were one of the finest people ever ever to work in his market ever radio TV Anything repairman you name it one of the best Used to always be the option here for every charity that ever came down to Pyke raised Zillions of dollars for charity Nobody don't like Bob we were so I got a little bit old a little bit Ponchi. Oh, we all do So first they shoved them way back there in the morning, you know early in the morning when everybody was asleep Kind like some other people get shoved into early morning Absolutely and you know that should have been good enough and he showed up on time every day to this friendly nice thing then they put them on a weekend Now when you screw somebody over that's been on the air in a market for 50 years Yeah, I mean how many people are watching on a weekend anyway That needs the cash okay He's in some hour retirement away. But he was in pulling about 50 Gs what the story said working weekends Channel six Just out of common decency with nobody in his business is God of course just out of decency leave the guy there as long as he wants to be when he's ready And then they don't even let him say goodbye They claim all he's still on our he's still working for us. He says no, not I got no more checks coming from them So we wish Bob we were the best he's a just a sensational guy who's he's a fixture It would be it would be like my turning CFTO news on the night at six o'clock and no Dave devolved to win a weather here in Toronto I would be so pissed off. I'd be following it tomorrow But you know something they wouldn't do that here. You want to know why cuz they got my clients. Oh a little bit of class. What's that? Something that's missing in South Florida So you people in Channel six with all dual policies to our friends the blockhead You people are Channel six suck one other TV station will put a silly asshole like Tony Sissigaretta What are doing the news man? You got you can't complain about Tony's credibility because he doesn't have any Another huracle man another one of those U.M. Lickers got her U.S. Silly prick and that sloppy Veloppy with that gigantic ego She wants to be picked up on a limousine and take a noork every day. She's a big shot. Yeah, you forgot to bet the eye in shot honey Man hate Channel six news. They'd make me nauseous Who else have they got on anybody we know? No, no, no, no, no, no anybody there other than a bucket least Yeah, that's right. I would be watching Channel seven news before I turn on NBC six that that's really saying something That's the ultimate shot right there. I watch Silly the weather furry on here You know on channel seven miss come out whether for a junior be fried watch channel six In fact, who the hell does the weather on channel six do we know I don't Say there you go I couldn't I couldn't be if you held a gun if oh Jason what you sell the gun to my head I couldn't tell you who does the weather on freaking channels. I didn't ever watch it. What if will you weigh in the grob? Well, that's not a story 1242 at five 60 WM. Hey, if you want to be grob You probably have to lose some wait for us because nobody can reach around that's the way works balance for life for could be the answer You're looking for it Because balance for life Is a piece of cake without the calories. They let you eat a whole bunch of food every day They give you five feedings as a matter of fact But you don't have to count any calories of any carbohydrates. They do all the work for you It's based on the principles of the zone diet, which is very complicated But like I said they do the figuring all you do is the eating you reach outside you door by six and a M every morning at home and work wherever you were gonna be and they deliver right to you that fantastic black sack three Ormameels two delicious nags. They're all in there five feedings every day to keep you full and happy and satisfied all day long Everything by the way as fresh and delicious no crap no preservatives no additives nothing frozen Fresh delicious goodies made with the best ingredients on earth to keep you real happy camper While you watch the wait just pour off your fat ass on that scale every single day So if you've tried all the others and you're still a fat tub and you're really and truly want to give us a shot do it today called balance for life Katrina's lost nearly 20 pounds on it. She's still going strong call nine five four Five six eight thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on the web It balance for life. Come I'm Martha Stewart and welcome to keeping it real in the pen with Martha Shiv shank pig sticker Banger or iron whatever you call your homemade prison weapon You'll have everyone in the joint giving you mad props when you jab that fool in the back Who's been giving you the eyeball in the shower with your filed down toothbrush and Creating your prison shank is easy Most shanks are not sharpened on the concrete floor like Hollywood would lead you to believe It's best to be friend someone in the machine shop who can grind your toothbrush up nice and sharp and A plastic toothbrush and easily fit up your butt So the screws can't discover it with the metal detector during a shape. I'm Martha Stewart and This is keeping it real in the pen with Martha Yes, what I just saw new CD cover for Janet Jackson nude to me to Joe is the CD. Yep nude. I'm not gonna tell you our saw though because then people will go on at website and make him money Yeah, what are you saying? I'm not gonna say it. Okay. I'll find someplace else to that. We'll get it And you don't see anything anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Which big name celebrity to past ten years is the biggest no talent piece of crap? We're not just talking to you every day pedestrian crap. We're talking real serious. That's it When you see them you think that when you hear them perform you think that when you take a look at their ass You think that yeah 567.0560. I think I just did that well Be nice when this whole thing goes away. You know, it's gonna be such such a blessing. You know When you have a nagging thing like this what this administration like a wife WQA and hello Or I'm other you sure Are you done pretty good Hello Rosie Did you qualify Less 10 years I guess you're a little older about really well How about that when it Williams? Quite a blockhead this morning everybody's talking about Willie Williams. Oh, I look at this better late than ever than not so daily death report You mean rolling skip to the bottom real quick first up rolling the Mormon's Statum is WTVJ's weather Treener Robinson replaced we've run a weekend as well screw her okay Mom, I mean we don't want to blame her she didn't again. Well, I'm blamer though it'll blame the management through a channel six You asshole's man we despise you even more than the PD and magic that Hamilton got what's his name? Alexander Hamilton. Hey look out Raymond verse gonna get you Perth wasn't that who got him Raymond per Aaron Josh do you believe he answered that question seriously? Here's time to get like the beast now what without the fat Meatball oh no Adam Sandler's English bulldog received as the ring bearer at actors wedding starting a short film 8 crazy nice DVD who has his own photo and video section on Sandler's website including a publicity shot Which technicals and used in the film anger management died January 27 of a heart attack he was only four years old bulldog I don't like bulldog No ugly I think what's his name got him Jason William Bernard Maca VD Pro-Levin TV director best known for directing 31 episodes of the tea. Oh, oh, gee I've played all these things here today 31 episodes of the TV series combat whose other TV directing credits include raw hide gun smoke Loreido Airwolf the incredible Hulk Charlie's Angels night rider night ridder and many others and who directed several films as well Including the cult horror film the brother of Satan and Julie Foster's debut film Napoleon and Samantha died February 2 Los Angeles ages 79 Famous Andrew J. Kuhn. I wonder how Mark Huan is doing Former PD from I from I and Z now you met Mark Huan or maybe you saw him remember what that of Walter Sabo seminar for Paxon heard about it You were there right? Oh, that seminar. He was there and it was Mark the Kuhn man. Oh, what an asshole. He is what oh The wimpiest man I've ever worked with or around in my life Had a nine-shared 12 plus we had like double digits in every demographic Couldn't have had love because his kid used to be ripping an ass on the year all the time to add his kids probably growing up in his like a real guy now and Mark Huan is like wimp Kind of what we're wanted me of a skinnier Eric. Oh, sorry Eric. It's just a joke And we're cool and found when head of the movie advertising film kaleidoscope films a company that helped revolutionize the motion picture trailers Played before films. Oh, you know I was thinking about that the other day That the good old days. Oh, I know there he goes again. You want to know why Well, I'm a driving channel that I'm always talking about What they have and other channels do this to when they have like a it doesn't time out exactly at the end of the thing And they show like old Pate news clips, you know sure you see those right? Pate news and you should go to the movie on the Saturday morning you'd have the news real Pate news you have your first feature you'd have a cartoon Whatever else and then you have a second feature You'd be like an all day affair as opposed to now where you go to these little tiny crappy theaters But they got like you know the Senateplex 87 And you got people talking out loud in there. It's just that's the same. I could go for an all day affair I'll bet you couldn't Cool I know she the she the middle Oh, thank you Satan. That's one of your favorites in it. I wish I don't know what that's on the Great in front say it up Founded the movie advertising firm kaleidoscope films Andrew Cohen company how revolutionized the motion picture trailers played before film It's developed rose the trellis for blockbusters like jaws the Indiana Jones trilogy ET Jurassic Park and Star Wars DiGenie 29th of cancer it is home at Laguna Beach California at the 1886 Gene Hughes Honourably singer the pop vocal group the casino's Who had a top 10 hit the 67 with then you can tell me goodbye a hit that placed a band in the rock and roll Hall of Fame's one hit wonders room. Well, let's do that again one hit wonders. Oh, not Well, I'm to a highly successful careers a record promoter. I'm a decade with MCA Politor AM and ask for an M Nashville DiGenie where third and nice bill from injury sustain in the car accident in October 2003 with 67 and Jeff Harris Director produces spirit screenwriter actor media executive and composer best known as creator the TV series different strokes and The facts of life Who wrote directed produced TV shows for folks like Steve Allen had boom Milton Berlin, Roseanne who during the 50s acted in the soap opera the age of night That was a great show the edge of night. Okay, and it was But it was a great show also the secret storm and the edge of night Who was a screenwriter on the 1984 film Johnny Dangerously died before second of Emma Fassima And he's tent in the arc at the age of 60 is six roll on stetom as they w to TV did he's seen very very weak very he sure ain't no done No, I said it that right right. I mean nobody ain't no done He's good done. I didn't get his stericle psychotic He ain't no dick fell 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir And the elective know how popular Beyonce knows would be if you didn't have that fake blood here Uh-huh hey, and they also they got a lot of how bigger music would sell She didn't have that whole get up that whole appearance right And listen now they have another weatherman on channel six as in his Lonnie Quinn This is the biggest flame around television I think I've seen in years really yeah, you have to see him in the morning It just guys matter is I'm just driving crazy, you know, and I agree with you with Tony's a Tony's the grotto the guys is humor That's all Yeah, I'm here at is that Miss Kamala miss North Cross that they borrow each of his weights to keep him down on the set Look man, he's he flies by go come on Well, let me tell you something like he's floating still Come a week ago when they had that pilot and Brazil, you know shooting the finger I'll be channel showed it no problem channel six is the only one to light blurry to protect it from the from the middle finger Yes, I'm gonna put a hex in my friend Alan Parasot there now He knows that I have the I have the ability to do I'm gonna put a hex on channel sixes of management right now I'm gonna get out my TV voodoo doll and I'm gonna stick it They put them on irritating people on the weekend. They put this girl of the three-shend radio under She doesn't know how to speak English and she makes sure she'll be such her name and Spanish I think yeah, you know if she wants to pay by the They let her go to the one of those Spanish channels, you know, he probably knows is available to Kassada too Oh, I can't stand in the Lz it's your right. I'm for cutting channel six Have a good day Neil excellent day. Okay. I'm gonna go see ya He's board cutting channel six as he's pissed off about we've earned just in general he hits him like poison I mean blackheads still gonna make the money. Is that now? That's what I'll piss as right right? You know became before they became a network station NBC six right remember the big swish For all the channels rotated round one. You know six used to be four and four used to be six WT But it used to be on four back in a row fried neck days right but in the olden days when I was a child Six was the independent station and it was great all the old movies all the good ones the three Stuages everything ever wanted to watch WC I X right That is correct big listen used to be on WC I right that is a little bit from fond fuzzy memories of channel six the late I here's one from Mike says ironically NBC six replace we were with Lone Quinn was surely making Pam Jagan He's salivated he's born across the studio Quinn is Jackie Johnson's male counterpart He's on here because of his looks The same reason WPLG hired Wendy Corona to show her fake breast each morning her coronal extension It seems that reputable journalists are being replaced with the only track of reporters now That's not even discussed Spanish news stations It seemed to fundamental Q and A's of journalism are being replaced by TNA or that's something since their screaming Alner all this funny below me, but oh, we're so sorry for Janet's booby man for that tea I mean I thought that that's what the T and TV stood for right He did he oh 1257 at five sixty wcm hey guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday right around the corner Hope you're not thinking about given those same deadly old flowers They are deadly because they did no time at all unless you're planning on getting the same old nothing She gives you the old dead fish here are three words you need to remember Vermont Teddy bear Send where remember in our godfather that did fish? It means look at Brossies lips to the fishes send your bare grand and work the Leperbor bear the love band It bears new all star Valentine dressed like a sports fam when it gets there She'll be completely surprised and shocked And Oliver co-workers will think you're the greatest guy for sending such an original thought will give then Maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for a life fish just call 1 800 829 bear in a friendly bear a council will have to choose the perfect bear for your Valentine Delivered with a free chocolate in their famous gift box It only tastes five minutes to order and overnight delivering the home or fishes guarantee You still got plenty of time but you better do it now because it's coming up on Saturday Valentine's Day call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at vermott teddy bear dot com Seni Valentine the creative alternative flower something so really appreciate for years to come and nifty little vermott teddy bear call 1 800 829 bear and be sure and tell them that ancient kneel toward a decoll 1 800 829 He's got a big heart on B.E. AR My Boy, it's the one to two hour What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy Who now looks like an SD over a birthday I'm a salad and turn this cup of sauce Yes, every morning see I miss was new a tape of other people's County this live On the air I need a hammer to bite into this month and also want to get my question plate I can see his wild behind the scenes at it I also made them at Miami I'm annual walrus cook hook at you and I get me some fresh coffee or your fire I miss he's irreverent so I once did it all the point He's topical. So I once did it with his water game He's incoherent. I'll tell you what that the is a government president. What does it? I don't he's I'm his then he's going right and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations Nobody listens to them. That's somebody get some fresh jingles. It's I was One on two at five sixty WCM here's a policy decision, but guess what? Martha's store. She's been on TV for a ziggian years It says the politics as if she's been around for over ten years. She sure has it says honest to God I still remember what she does to make herself famous Cookies cupcakes She's a silly bitch is what she is I mean, she's like the better homes and gardens of TV that that's what she is. You know real goody two shoes Well of course, you know does all kinds of other stuff behind the scene. What she's on trial for right now put her ass in there put her in a slamer ultra right You know there haven't as press cut in this so the daily but not all I think that Scott McClone the White House briefing Not a press conference. He's only had nine and three years. I'll present the press briefing that people question and said should be made And these records are gonna be put an email for him and he's shown all the stuff that I write about now or go Well guess what what? I can't think of his last name David something rather from NBC news They would do he made a good point. He says well if this is accurate how come we can't find you can't produce one person because some of the Commanders from Houston and Atlanta came forward and said that they don't recall bush being there during those years And how come you can't produce one person and either from either Houston or Atlanta from the guard who can verify that he actually showed up there was there and served and but a beat but a book about the never 30 years ago Well for 30 years ago this got me about 15 now right 4850 and So it's not like everybody croaked before their 48 or 50 I remember 30 years by the beat but I'm not in so do I So do I remember about Remember it well Oh, brother it's so sad. Oh, no, not another death This from the Palm Beach pose Sam Rubin popcorn proponent died. What what does that mean popcorn proponent's controversial? You know is it I thought I thought I missed something with that dog with Jason Williams and I find out that there's a big controversy over popcorn Oh, yeah, I thought hard to make it legal. I knew there was a controversy over poppin it too much, but not popcorn Jimmy crack corn Don't tell me I Schmidt can the Jason Williams to if I did I apologize to myself I got I prayed that I still have that here He is the anti-crash, okay? Anybody that shoots his own dog because he lost a bet is got to be the lowest form of scum You can't spell scum without Jason Williams all right man Don't anybody ever call in this show and try to stick up for that scum bag ever don't even think about it Say that for the sport shows. I've heard some of that crap. I'm including somebody we all know Yeah, I've heard that garbage Man, what kind of a lunatic? What kind of a low life Jesus up and then I don't want to go in I get upset, okay If the smell of popcorn conjures images of your favorite movie scenes you can probably think of Samuel. I thank Samuel Rubin. Hey, thanks Sam Mr. Rubin the man who quite possibly made the two inseparable for men's and we'll be go is died Thursday and Voiton Vichy was 85 The smell is one of the main reasons the majority of New York City theaters didn't pop their own corn So Mr. Rubin who got the idea by seeing the snack being sold at a theater in the Midwest started popping corn in a long-guile and city factory Where was bagged in the liver-dementry pop movie houses? Am I losing it or what? I thought when you went in the old days when you went in the movie theater They had the big machine they're making a popcorn and they we're not talking about the 1890s now. No, they don't do that no, no Of course they do and you Smith off their pop culture as social Oh no author of pop culture as social history of popcorn in America Said that New York theaters were among the last to embrace popcorn because it had a small profit margin popping machines were a fire hazard and the snacks seem a little bit de-class A Like for low low low brow scumbags as a Concessionaire where they basically consolidate now part of the odd in group where he worked from the age of 12 Mr. Rubin thought differently He was certainly not the first to sub popco in New York City theaters, but he was likely the first to popcorn and machines on a widespread basis in the venue Managers quickly realized that the smell of popping corn went out exactly hurt sales and improvements in In machines had less than the fire danger. He was an innovator. It was alive. I don't understand it. He also sold pretzel's eight six and flies at nine At 12 he worked tilling vending machines and movie theaters which didn't yet have concession stands When a vending machine rolled and broke against the stage used it as a counter to sell candy Our precursor the modern movie consistent today. In other words. He's the one who made you sick at the movies all the time on all that crap Nice dead 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T or I don't let me forget we got to get that to Janet Jackson new duck album cover Okay, and tomorrow Jennifer Conley's gonna be Bering on our website. See the good thing is now we don't have to get all these before people from Google and other websites Because now they're looking at our website everyday. Oh, like maybe there's another a booby on there something like that And we do not want to disappoint doing Come to QA and hello Yes, sir. Hi uncle Neil won't die first time. All right How's the one for your poll? How about Gloria Estefine Where is Stefan is around for only 10 years has to chemotherapy this amigo get out of here She's older than Abraham Solomon Jesus glorious step on see this is the problem with some of you people You're that that's why change the poll totally we've done it a million times Something new something different we're talking about the the up and commerce the punks the people run around now Then everybody thinks oh gee they're really great, you know like Ashden Kuchi Kuchi For example, hand doing two well as it No, how many votes is Ashden Kuchi Kuchi got well look at that even in Ricky's holding out three Simon calls got four Ashden Kuchi Kuchi is type of Simon call he's holding out four and of a giant 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line What's that what was that your cell phone me? Do you hear it? No, you can't hear that hear what? Get out of here. Okay, it's your ain't the dumbness in WQA QA Yes, sir Okay, when is the really Williams hour on is that two to three? Two to midnight Do you believe what's going on with that guy? Uh My am a prestigious institution especially in medical school What would you say you're a prestigious institution if you take the medical I said including the medical schools right if we could keep it or other what you got left If you think that they would have more just that this I mean 11 times no, you had no rest No, no, what you would think would be that most people most rational people all across this land would be thinking of almost anything else beside Willie Williams when you absolutely like okay. Thank you Right, absolutely only on this station if we got this neurosis. Oh, everybody's talking about nothing not I have I've had CNN on here the whole time haven't talked about it once CBC that they talk about it No MSNBC no, it's the MSNBC Punishment for Jason Williams smear female dog sent on him and put him in a cage with four honey mass this and I'll sell tickets So we say and which I say yeah I'll take 10 Peace a crap piece of crap on two legs. That's Jason Williams See when I hear some of these jacks nippers We have an estate and just suck out to these low lives. I'm not saying all of their athletes are like that because they're not thank goodness, but they're just too damn many But because they're an athlete and they're making many dollars and we're all supposed to look the other way I wonder how supposed to be role models whoever said that right W to Q and hello Yes, sir, yeah, talking Neil speaking Neil yes, I am how you doing pretty good how you doing fine? Hi Pull up Who is it? Nor Jones okay have a bad phone cracking up and breaking out, but we got it. It's cracking out and breaking up is hard to do 567.0560 got it got it pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Marvel slime virtual those entries for the hot couple's contest They're pouring in aren't they oh? Yeah, not no well, what's that all about I don't know maybe it's just maybe we just don't have anybody out there, you know I could be You think nobody hot anyway Well, some wait cause maybe we exhausted our hot people last two years Yeah, they're exhausted because they're What we just got old and really you believe that's okay even if you're marginal looking have no fear We're my funny of it. That's our lower our standards sure you will WQM hello Hi, Neil yes, sir. I just wanted to let you know I'm sure you know that for already got himself a new job up in Atlanta Yeah, we talked about last week. Yes. Yeah, I wanted to see you do a polyester How long until he's got five from up there? Oh, we got an office pool going All right, take it easy Thanks for good news. Now. I wish him the best. I don't know. He never did anything bad to me. I wish him all you know I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal us too bad. Yeah, I mean as soon as he takes care of mold And maybe you can do the morning gig on this station again, but I don't think so Yeah, he's got a like I said he's got a career death wish. I just hope that he can you know Curtail his bizarre activities, but I don't think he will if you catch my grip. Do you think he will no Hey, listen, I'll tell you one thing president stays coming up on Monday. Let's see. We got Valentine's Day on Saturday President's Day on Monday You got poor my March the 7th. A lot of heavy duty stuff to be planning for his dinner. Yeah, well, every year presidency time all those Fony macrosales pop up from your mall stores and showrooms. Yes, what what they do is they double the regular price Then they say hey 50% off. They count in half and say this is a sale Well, forget about it if you want really rock bottom prices on the best mattresses anywhere every day You know what to do come my good friends at dollar mattress. Uh-huh like we've been doing for a long time No Fony sales nobody in switch just every day rock bottom prices on the complete line of the top manufacturers in a universe like Seely and certa Simmons King coil pepper pt can even stir in some bananas foster Wow, do love bananas foster. Oh God, choose from dozen models at lower-view-day discount prices Rest easy and you're a great night's sleep for years to come just sitting there on your fat ass and making that one easy call 1800 mattress and don't forget only dollar mattress. Let's you pick a two hour delivery window that meets your schedule 7 days week when you're gonna be home from 8 a.m to 10 p.m. and they actually show up and do their thing dollar mattresses mighty proud their overall customer satisfaction able shock you with low prices same day delivery free setup and removal of the crappy old betting It's easy to see why dollar mattresses right the best in the world of customer satisfaction So don't get sucked in by those Fony ads do what all the accronies here at QM are doing call 1 800 mattress for a great night's sleep for a long time to come 1 800 ma ttr ES or online its mattress.com In an episode track younger viewers Span now offers a brand new reality show skydiving with Howard Dean joined Howard Dean He jets across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite states California New York Or Oh And telling soon the Washington DC skydiving with Howard Dean from airing this week on sea stand Well, I know this comes as a revolutionary thought as far as Willie Williams is concerned what that I wouldn't be surprised if there's some really bright young black people in Carroll city or in Come on over town Or Liberty city or anywhere in South Florida They're not statistically they're just be delighted. You know, we just don't have the finances But be delighted to go and do something scholastic you know, I mean like at U.M. as opposed to majoring in Fizzed I know that's revolutionary and especially on this station we're not supposed to say something like that I just mentioned that something to think about your Fony. I know Here's a fact that's kind of said it says the only reasons for watching channel six nowadays in the morning Bob Mayor and Pam's again a year during the week and the Kelly Craig was bigger than life itself on a weekend Oh see we love Kelly Craig. I we love you Kelly Loose some way please They still have some really good reporters Nick Bogart area. Zer and Edo Dowl who's a big fan of the show. Love you Ed see we let some people out of channel six. We apologize But the rest of the rankers it says are so bad. I can't watch no mole you think that having no talents like Jackie Nespron who's ADS Ballard on the year might be panoring just a little bit and by the way we were as god and channel six should take them off their website already those bastards yet You miss your bastards the channel six you're generating a lot of hatred all around town people are gonna start a shutting you off Man they're gonna start watching channel seven news in channel four news and channel 10 news maybe But I doubt it Like I said four or seven all before everybody there's name are Regans. That's right. So I watch. So that's why channel seven news what are you saying? I try right Well, it's just not watching us Well, we're gonna. There's Democrats on the Senate judiciary committee said yesterday they expect criminal charges to rise from the Embrolio Remember him he used to pitch for the reds So or any broleo from the Embrolio over internal memos downloaded from their computers by Republican staffers This is gonna be a criminal matters that Senator Patrick Lehi Vermont Democrat as he left nearly a two-hour meeting behind closed doors with the Senate Sergeant arms who's investigating the matter Mr. Lehi'm not the our sergeant arms Mr. Lehi another Democrats in the mean decline to share the specifics provided by Sergeant at arms William Pickle Senator Richard Durban dick Durban Illinois Democratic's memos wound up on the pages of the Washington Times of Wall Street Journal City was startled by the briefing that Mr. Pickle gave yesterday You extend and depth of the theft far exceeded anything I had imagined he said Chief legal counsel for Senate majority leader Bill Frist who handled judicial nominations resigned last put his position last week I'm in the two-month investigation in the matter Miguel Miranda told investigators that he'd viewed the documents But was not responsible for distributing them. He also said no hacking had been involved in downloading the memos Rather he said it were easily accessed through a glitch in the firewall that separated Democratic and Republican documents Thor electronically on the judiciary committees shared computer server Senator Ted Kennedy attended the meeting yesterday also had memos from his office down lowly call the actions highly improper highly Unethical and probably Criminal he said you vote Ted and he's going let him have it Wait till we get to the story about the alchiter sympathizers who turned to rat to battle the infidel Oh, God about that wow court TV's going to have a Jason Williams court story your update or something like that after this break Now are you getting the same spot that I'm getting probably not now for information on health people Well standby because this this is see we get court TV Canada, but generally speaking I think it's the same trials But just in case just in case okay Stand by can renews WQ and hello Yes, sir No, no thanks You talk about Scott Pearson call up Larry King. He'll talk about it until you want to puked in your puking Scott Peterson push out your ass Okay, get out of my face how about talking about Scott? What's that guy to do with the price of peanuts? I'm gonna say it for the evening in time why should anybody care about that there's people murdered every single day And and nobody cares about them nobody there nobody on TV screaming about it I'm not gonna let the television people tell me what I ought to care about okay subgenits booby 567. Oh five in fact let's have a movie about Janice booby what do you say? He'll be all right the boob and the boob to She's got a new album. She's gonna be naked on it, but she's got her arms wrapped around her son. You don't see the crap, you know The last thing that gonna do is put on album with like T.D. He's on it. Oh my god Can you imagine the upper over that I often does she'd probably be on death row by the end of the week if they did that Now that we have this whole goodie two shoes censoring thing going on that Americans are busy sleeping and worrying about Willie Williams For that guy that called before you know, I mean he had good intentions, but I'll see it again Why should anybody it is right mind except those silly assholes that you of them? Why should anybody care about freaking Willie? What is it Willie freaking Williams, right? Right Do you care about it? But what ask me if I care about it? Well See Josh you care about it. Hey, he could be a great American Sunday No, he could no he could be one of the greatest American someday. Don't forget that That's right. He can be one of the all-time greats He could be another Martin Luther King senior or something like that, but I doubt it He could be not allow you invent the wheel fortune WQAM hello QAM Not there to wait QAM hello Oh For these people are really they're just out of sync, you notice Not like in the QAM hello doing once Going twice to late QAM hello Hey Neil yes sir has anybody mentioned the very talented of Ben Ben Diesel Vin Diesel Excellent choice good choice. Okay. It's on right now. You guys thank you Vin Diesel Dijk is on right now. Let's see most of the qualified pilots are they gonna get ever go through this break or what? Oh here we go court TV Canada And maybe when we come back here to be the same program ready? Yep, it's in Yes, go this former NBA all far forward is in an unfamiliar arena There's an affordable opponent new jersey prosecutors in a quarter of a Well for those guys I'm Kimberly Gilphoa and these some Vinacolitan has the day off Jason Williams stands card in connection with the shooting death of a limo driver's costume Unvalentined they have 2002 we entire Christophe to drive a group to a restaurant and then to go back to a 65 acre estate Once again, we've got to be toward the home with some other guests and when the visitors reach the master bedroom Williams pulled out a 12 gauge shotgun somehow begun discharge and fall with the coffee took a blast to the He died on the floor the state charged Williams with aggravated manslaughter the defense has Blood knock guilty claiming Christophe's death was a tragic accident But prosecutors point to Williams attempt to cover up the crime as proof of his guilt Now while Williams attorneys are expected to say that Williams actions after the crime were a result of panic and shock right now Did he go downstairs and tell all of his guests? Unless you get that limo driver's body out of there in 15 seconds you guys are all gonna be next Do you think thanks for joining up and thank you so much well there you go Man, it is just amazing to me that people I mean, William's who gives a crap about him okay? Did a couple of you know burglaries here and a little bit of this crap there and unless I was a virus thing was your I mean small potatoes plus who gives a crap didn't kill anybody or no dogs. He's just a hoogie bear Right he's just got a few issues But this mother's scratch and piece of crap this Jason Williams now There's something people ought to be talking about that to be screaming how about you know who I like to know where the hell are the Pita people right right all the dog lovers and as supposed the animal lovers made out Where did I allow you Pita? They ought to be there in the trial screaming and wailing and making gutter one noises on behalf of all the decent and even the indies and dogs in America I'll tell you one thing. I mean you can take a pit bull over Jason Williams Okay, cuz he's the pits 26 past one at 5. 60 WQM hey guys last time you took a peek at it. You decided it's just too small Doesn't impress women certainly doesn't impress Todd Drek. It was last as long as he used to be there We're talking about your paycheck of course this copy is so old and so stale there are people on death row For lesser offenses than this Todd wreck was got his own in house agency his own boy They were back there were supposed to be selling you are a disgrace to the human race, but nevertheless If you'd be like to change your life and get yourself a real paycheck when the career that goes along with it or the other way around Call our friends at fast train till free and get your balls rolling call one 866 fast train and you can start a brand new high-pain computer career damn soon In just four short months fast drink and up to get a new high-pain computer career and don't forget the demand for computer professionals Continues to grow like crazy Pick up that phone call fast train today at one 866 fast train there's no obligation and of course with seven locations all over town There's not to be a campus close by you fast train offered job placement financial assistance for people to qualify and now with day night And we can classes you have no more excuses to stay in your crappy minimum wage dead end job if you've had a flip and burgers If you'd had to have a no cash at all Get with it because if you're registered now We can have a brand new high-pain career and just four How do if you can four short months check them out the web at fast train I'll come and and call one 866 fast train and be sure and mention that Todd Drek To the call We're supposed to be in five six UAM And this time he's lining up a difference See doc I've never been to a psychiatrist before what's trouble the new taste. Oh, it's this whole Jeffrey Gomer thing I always figured if I got caught I could play but I was crazy But now and that's what you are the men in the hockey mess is back Friday the 13 parking team Jason covers his ass I need a guy that's a 15 people. I mean sloppy work no technique whatsoever and they find him sane And this will be sure but I think you're if I can get someone to certify I'm crazy now. I'll be covering do you think you're crazy? Well, have teenagers today. There's a crazy. I don't know what is I have teenagers myself. They can be difficult to do Okay, how about this? I don't know right for long I just step you in the hand with your pen. Could be right. Good be wrong. I don't know. Why you nuts? That's my place. I hear what's this? Just an old saying that I'm insane. You know in case I get pulled over something Friday the 13 R-E-T Jason covers his ass coming to Friday to with the get a near you Reckham and of course it is Friday the 13th is Friday number one number two Jason is the turn out to be an all-looking name You know, yes We just have a guy named Jason work the QAM the only problem is he loaned me a movie. Remember what the movie was about? Yeah, going to prison right. Oh, Shankard. I'm sure see you out all-fix it What are those? Anybody out there named Jason? I'd be changing my name before the end of the week before Friday the 13 could be an unlucky name Alcatas newest weapon against the West is a violent English language rap tune urging young Muslims to wage holy war They're wrapping it in a brown paper rapper The song is being broadcast on the internet and a teptol or music loving youth into the terror network Which is blame for the 911 2000 monetash on US cities and other bombings around the world are the music loving youth while I leave Everybody out from this done it Title dirty kufar or dirty infidels the song is performed by a London based group which Islamist said was deeply sympathetic to Osama Yamama's network A music video companies the catchy and violent lyrics built it up by the group's lead singer Sheek Tara racling over terror and the soul salakru would take off on gritty bridge rappers So solid crew salami's righteousness or piety in Arabic the song calls on Muslims to wage jeha or holy war against Crusaders in a post-adear broiler saying they'll be thrown in a fire Be prepared for the battle with the impadels it says the video which uses footage from news agencies and TV Opens with images of a US soldier killing an Iraqi man and then cheering dirty kufar wherever you are from kandahar to Romala Old be yellow some have been logged in cruel be shining star like the way we destroy them in the two tower Ha ha one cigarette raps in front of the images of 911 airliner attacks on the earth's world trade center another frame shows the Bala clava or that baclaba Bala clava cland sheek Tara Brandishing a pistolly corran while the bouncing along was severe by mustard heads of state Mostly from countries that have cracked on on militant groups as dirty infidels in the video al-Qaeda second in command Amen also a hurry morphs into a line but President Bush becomes a chimpanzee all been there done that Saudi Arabia's king five friends into a devil and Egypt's apostate president has named will bark becomes a vampire The video also shows is really Prime Minister Ariel Sharon reviled in the Middle East for his hardline policies against Arab's turning into a pig now you're getting close Palestinian President or yes her era fart is labeled a traitor former Iraqi president sottom Hussein is not spared A text reading all of doesn't protect tarrants a superimposed an images of the bushy heard sottom shortly after the US troops captured him in December Settem home and body bags we did another blurb above images of US troops in Baghdad a US Force toppled sottom in April as we all know Writers received a copy of the video from the committee for the defensive legal rights a London based Islamist group Hated by Saudi dissident Muhammad al-Masari shorts What is that I want to get back to the lyrics there again? Where's that um? Oh, yeah, OBL crew or some have been laden OBL crew be like a shining star See that that's necessary in rap music. It has to be a literate say okay Yeah, the crew be this and you'll be that and I be Yamama So there you go this another great real use for rap music and everybody whipped up to be a like god They don't happen in America though 5605050 pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 rise of wireless line Which big name celebrity over the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap is our poll question They and Paris held nobody can touch that bitch nobody's even close 139 votes man. She's an alikivarone just in tinkerbell's doing good 60 J.O. 41 p.d. he's still right on her fat ass 40 a 37 pretty spares 37 50 cents got 39 a 33 why got schmutz on my glass in the water I can't see oh no Dr. Phil 32 Dennis Miller 32 and in a cool smith that cows got 28 Adam's standard 27 Nicole Richie 23 time green 17 that's bad Bill Mar 14 how many did Brittany have? I even skated by that uh 37 what does that mean? I don't know, faggot What does that mean? I say 37 queen be voting for that A time green 17 Bill Mar 14 kid rock 13 Carson David doesn't saragistic a parkour 10 sure an Osborne nine Ray Romano's got eight and eight that great Ben Aflux got the seven after that it's a small potatoes Even Arston Kuchi Kuchi Kuzone got six 5 6 7 0 5 6. I'm sure we let the few out pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I think what we ought to do is just stop promoting the hot couples contest all together so that the people who already Send us the pictures the handful then they got to help us shot right there you go No seriously why should I have to sit if we got two really good trips and I dinner at the pizza love Why should I have to sit here generally in a town where everybody begs for anything for free and say come on Where's then pictures already huh contested me arrages.com I think I'm just gonna like maybe once a day promote it and then those people already were you know made the effort to send in then they got to help a shot, you know We got a shot WQAM hello Yes, sir. How you doing okay? I heard you mentioned nor a dome now she wouldn't be related to the great one. No, she's not WQAM hello Now he's doing black voice maybe he's also about the you know got the aljolson stuff on his post hello Yes, sir. Yeah for the lift. Yes, I Think you probably don't want one of them can you so I think you're probably would not too long sorry you lose 560 505060 on the 80 maybe we got them all you think no not even close no WQAM hello Hello, I have somebody for your poll, please that we forgot two poc Two poc They got more things after he was dead than before he won okay? We'll have to look it up in the book to see the qualifies But thank you so much. You think he qualifies? Maybe I don't I don't actually let's see when his first hit might have been okay old two pack Don't forget that two pack of that stuff You got use it and be don't be drinking that a lot if anybody comes in there and start see all my indirect job better stuff just shoot him Troy does every day He does hey, try this one for you sweetheart two pack isn't in here maybe didn't have any hits You think Isn't it what what are you looking in I'm looking in my book my top 40 hits Top 40 right Well, there's plenty of rappers that got big hits there in the top but the top five Maybe now but not ten years now I see what put him on in anyway, okay, all right he won't mind 560 5050 5060 audience just don't put that from in on there. We really pissed me off WQM hello WQM hello Yes, sir I want to tell you your people it's just it's Miguel all over again. They just don't look quite so good That's all this is it you know, they just don't look quite so good One dimensional Ricky Martin has been around now how long has he been out out of what cloud of work? He might qualify actually right applies Just think of other for good measure just relax. Let me look it up okay I guarantee you unlike two pack Ricky Martin's is gonna be in my book. Okay. She'll show me in here. Here's Curtis may field There's matchbox 20 and then there's matchbox Bob third man 30 Trade Martin Tony Martin Steve Martin week Martin Dale and Ricky Martin His first hit on billboard. Oh yeah, I did not easily qualifies course you crazy Ricky Martin man. Now you watch him just go shooting up the list You'll see Okay 21 till 2 at 560 WQM mad dog and Hank have the day off today. We got the Willie William show from total midnight I shouldn't say that anyway man dog at two Hank is at the mercantile lines arena speaking adjacent Williams And what they're gonna be doing between four and seven is hanging Jason Williams and F.E.G. There I wish I could be there you know, I would show up to that Panther P knew it's seven we got the Montreal Canadians at the Florida Panthers 739 P macarina right there and sunrise It's gonna be a frog face It became follows the hockey game in Joe and Mark in the dark overnight two to five to mark You don't know Mark in the dark hope, you know, you know, you know, you know, Earl the Pearl absolutely or so what's matter from you man? I didn't work with Mark in the dark. Oh or the light 20 till two at QA and hey welcome in the Chinese new year with Emerald Coast the only problem being that's a send it two days ago You know, yeah, well, what do you can do who's the counters is now do we have any idea some schmuck some idiot What did I tell carrots and the deaf yesterday about the copy there? We can't complain about the job they do with the copy as usual because they're not doing any I mean the Chinese new year thing was great at the Emerald Coast in fact I wish I had a been there You know don't you right yeah, but it's all over in it before the eighth wasn't that two days ago? I don't know like time we check and sit to tell whoever's got this account You don't have it no more. I tell you that because you people and that sales department are joke your pathetic your tragic You're embarrassing Anyway Emerald Coast still of course is always has its regular buffet delights Start out your mouth watering feast with any of six different soup. Why take any of them? Try them all just shut them down your throat just pick up the whole container. We just swallow it They got fantastic dozens of second-of-one phrase read when joy at the Amocost New York strip made order at their sizzling Asian grill They got brand new seafoods and joc Plunt enjoy oysters on a half shell a less-can stone crab middle-like clams jumbo shrimp scampy every night Give any room try the handcar prime rib and the new Thai specialties to a future full salad bar You sushi bar fresh room cocktail to and keep in mind like I always tell you no MST headaches at the Amocost why? Because they don't use any MST no cornstarch no crap and they cook only with cholesterol Free or else you walk out of there with a big smile on your post instead of a pounding headache and if you have any room at all Which means you're a real porcure Emerald Coast has a full desert station to featuring Belgian mothles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit So give it a try when you're in the mood to really pick out Emerald Coast resuffled locations for you They're in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and also you'll find them at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads And prestigious Pembroke pies take the whole family go-kun ex business lunch and now not the folks at Amocost do the cooking for you Too bad you wish that big Chinese New Year special thing, but it ended two days ago take on delivery available to call 9-5-4 5-7-2-38-22 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 I think Skippy might have this account at least he used to one-told today the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet I'm queer, but my admission I'm a bag who likes to jam all year I'm here in New York on this mission It's back but that's not all I'll be waiting for the food that's called as it's a lie People battle to me Skippy's girl's all just out But I prefer that they grab high In sad, sad, I, I tried to get the food a bit no more I tried to find a guy that's right high, living a bit no more Living a bit no more Living a bit no more It was this, it was this It was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this I thought one of this kind to walk I could bet I found a newer stick gun I liked to wear a thread I looked at your solid body You're not so private life I'm a footballer, no bitch I'm walking very well Like a boy, new dog Is sad, sad, I'm sad I'm a bit no more I tried to find a guy that's right high He loves that brown eye, I'll tell you that 147 at 5.60 WKM, wait till you're this story, you're a lot of this Just in, Sir Goinsville, Tennessee What kind of name is that? Bless you, RG, OI, Sirgan Goinsville, Tennessee Intoxicated drivers take note, don't ask your 10-year-old daughter to drive your home Angela Michelle Brown, pretty similar with charges today Would child endanger him and driving out of the influence of booze After 30 such he got drunk and used your 10-year-old daughter as A designated driver She said I'm a very good driver No, and she designated her as such Please arrest it Brown last week after stopping a car that appeared to have a young driver As I approached the car I noticed that an over female was laying down in the driver seat Officer Don Mitchell said his report The younger female told me that her mother and god Drunk and she was trying to get them home Mitchell's reports that Brown's breath alcohol test was 0.23 Nearly three times higher than the legal definition of drunken driving which we already discovered from dying Ross's point 08 Right, but the 10-year-old grandmother the 10-year-old girl's grandmother was called to come get the girl After police arrested her mother the judge said a 12 February teen Well, now let me ask you this, did she do the right thing? No, maybe the 10-year-old girl had some driving lessons you never know And who do you think would it driven her home better the 10-year-old girl or herself she should have just passed out in the gutter like any other self-respecting drunk there you go Oh, I don't even know if I want to do this story today woman participating in Lily trial hangs yourself 19-year-old A toxicology test will determine whether our cottage played a world in the suicide of an 19-year-old woman who was participating in clinical trials for a new drug that Eli Lillian company hopes to launch this year. That's the same Eli Lillian company that gave you the little of my many years ago The right and we had all in birthday effects and people dying over there. That's the same company Eli Lillian aka pharmaceutical company aka gray robber Tracy Johnson Vensil and Pennsylvania hang yourself Saturday night in the Lily land for clinical research by tying a scarf to a bathroom shower rod according to the Indianapolis Police Department While the toxicology test is standard procedure in the investigation suicides by the Marion County corner It could have huge implications for Lily if it's determined that the trial drug or removal from a playday rule in a woman's suicide Lily said yesterday it doesn't believe the drug Deluxe a teen was related to the death of Johnson who was a former student in the adabival college all and now the pieces are starting to fit together toxicology test results expecting about a month Deluxe a teen is key to future business prospects of Lily. It's the main ingredient in Simbalta the anti-depressant drug and in a stress urinary incontinence treatment both of which are moving forward toward final approval by the FDA However incident such as this who was out of a clinical trial participant often draw questions from the FDA and can believe the federal approval needed to bring a drug to market Oh god a pox on them I hope that Jason Williams invades their labs Eddie Lillian Lily, okay? Okay, and they all wind up hopping on Lily pad. They make me sick The thermos to go drug people and how the new deal is what they're saying all few by drugs from Canada a lot of that stuff In imported from India and the moon and Mars and Uranus and goto and roseware to hell It's been in who's been dealing with it right Stay away from these unsafe Canadian drugs. Hey, oh, they might kill you Just a freaking nightmare. You're all there's only one reason why they're starting at big son and by the way Ask Billy to send on her and lose the any you know the congressman that's on the pharmaceutical company payroll ask him our dangerous those drugs are He'll do the same fight as dance for you God Oh, there's another asshole was a flight instructor. Hell yeah Rums fell How's that Palatuma oh I actually mentioned this the almas for God? Yeah, yes, what story because I told you it was a big story but nobody in this crowd to talk about it They're too busy one about freaking Willie Williams guess was the most emailed story on CNN's website yesterday I give up the airline pilot oh That one the Christian the born again, okay, so preacher the right or maybe preacher preaching pilot the or a P. God the preaching pilot 1.52 at 5.60 W Qm I'll tell you what else starts with a P and that's the pizza law. That's correct Jeff Cohen don't start with no peace but nevertheless and I don't think they got peace on a menu to Something a nice death of somebody with semi a menu from the loft. I've been doing these spots for how many years now I've heard man you have to have menu nothing. I really need it But it would be nice to have because I've got every kind of good enough of the sun on air He posted a shiver invented one of the most important things to keep in mind at the pizza law Is everything is cooked out then they to order fresh nothing is sitting around for hours You know you go into some of those spaghetti joints and the stuff has been sitting around you know in cold water And it's spaghetti gets softer and mushy or and mushy or and softer There's only one thing softer the pizza law in Jeff will tell you what that is Anyway, they got all your pasta dishes. They got chicken and veal seafood three different kinds of fantastic pizza Calzone super subs. I guarantee the best garlic rolls you've ever had in your life and one thing also they'll do for you If you don't like all that garlic, I just Tom don't know no garlic dripping on it If you do all I love it, man. I just love when you squeeze it the garlic drips out and they are roll two They have take out they have delivery they even offer catering for as little as five bucks per person at the pizza Lot they got lots and lots of room for you You don't have to wait online even on the weekend at the world famous pizza loft in Davy you'll find them right beyond peer one imports in the pizza Laupaza tons of free parking for you to right between Griffin and 595 and prestigious university drive 954 9168880 that's a number to call for take out and delivery 954 9168880 if you haven't been there yet I guarantee I promise you we go and back again and again because the food is fresh delicious the portions are gigantic and the prices are teeny and tiny at the world famous pizza loft in Davy Local Cheers for 21 556o and 2 am , And it was it great All right. Had an airy ol' uh, like a big dinner plate. That's right. Janice right touch on. Grab every headline. Wonder if you'll help CBS. Hey, the fine. First, she denied it. Said it was a mistake. A costume, malfunction, set shots, stand timber late. But now they've admitted they flash for the two. It'll be the Super Bowl. Remembered for the move. He FCC. Sells. It was in DCC. So far, not a free big, yet one myth through. I'll never forget that infamous talk. Our amendment is game for sin. Janice Jogg. What the heck? That's a tough initiative. The late doctor atkins is being smeared for his alleged debesity at the time. Is that by a phony doctors organization that's been exposed as a drug group for people for the ethical treatment of animals. Pita. And has been sent you by the AMA. The positions committee for responsible medicine is taking over a million dollars from Pita and the animal rights movement. PCRM and Pita also share office, Facebook, members, and staff. How do you like that? PCRM's attacks on diets including meat, fish, and dairy food. Then it's constant demands for vegetarian and American. We didn't animal rights philosophy. So it's all about your crap. And that's why nowadays they're trying to smear him and smear him. And guess who's apologizing now? You'll pee in your pants when you hear this. Conservative TV News anchor Bill Orale said that he's now skeptical about the Bush administration and apologised to viewers for supporting pre-war claims that Iraq had weapons of asked destruction. You ready for that? The anchor of his own show on Fox on the fascist news that was said he was sorry that he gave the US government a benefit of the doubt that former Iraqi-later Saddam Hussein's weapons program poised that amen the threat to may reason said it for going to war. I was wrong. I'm not pleased about it at all. I think all Americans should be concerned about this or why we said an interview with ABC's Good Morning America. What do you want me to do? Go over and kiss the camera he asked to promise to rival ABC last year he would publicly apologize if weapons were found. Yeah, kiss it, Bill. Kiss it. Kiss it real good. Kiss my hand. Which big name celebrity with the past 10 years has is the biggest no talent piece of crap that's our poll question and the arrages come along with many many naked pictures not. I don't have it. Eventually. A little bit. Paraselton, 148. Justin, think about 66. J. L. 42. P. Diddy. 41. Brittany Spiris, 39. I think that's somebody out of one. Investigate that. Don't you? It's a 39. It's a 39. I'm going to tell you right now. Time to end the show. Mad Dog is coming up next to Humphrey at 4 from the A.A. arena. I'm going on that, I'll go after Jason Williams. I'm going to get you Jason. You piece of crap. Bye bye. You're going to show. I'm five six. You're going to be two. I'm going to play for the arena.