The renau, where's the dark? Oh! And Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Pretty and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and me Jimmy and Jimmy Master more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the potman's wherever your potman comes with its own frigid a We'll take it 10 out to a 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday too. Is it it though? It is it's a happy day a QAM Nice going, Mo Would you get that lot of there already get him out of there? Just go go back to your desk and the sniff order we used to see oh What God already cleaned it with listorine? That listorine spray Blisterine oh no Blister clean As your blister clean. Oh, that's good. Let me take a look at it. It's a little pussy. Oh, gee Anyway, let's see let's do the prom offer is because Miguel be very happy looking his womb These people in this building what a bunch of yanthers. I'm so glad I'm not here 90% of the time. Oh, it's great. No, it's not It's like a soap on the house Join Joe Costello of 9 739 30 the sandbar grill in the grove step by to win t-shirts and tickets to watch the Panthers and a flyers from the Bud party zone The Panthers were Nathan Hortons off of the season maybe that would be a really big blow At any rate Quite a thing happened this morning here. Let me do the results from yesterday's pool Sure, no, the most story. What don't want to sell this one short? No Well, no, I'm gonna lay it right out there with water. Exactly the way it happened. I give I would give mole about 70% of the credit for what happened this morning I'll take the res I'll turn the man right I'll see if I would have said 80% yeah I think the play I'll turn the man so if you think it is a 90% mole, I then I couldn't have played That's a I give I give them a second actually 70% Here's the result from yesterday's pool regardless of which candidate you support which contender is best articulating your views you folks understand a question oh Well 1377 votes. That's not too shabby right right by the way Bob for most continues to be an asshole See this is what happens when you put somebody we say well this guy is corporate He's corporate he's with the big shots over there in a bee's leaves and Naples in fact Even though I climb up on one of their three under the limit of the tree and hang out with him once And why yeah the banjo three is the banjo yeah he picks it and the banjo two Hey for both you and idiot many went and changed to be but he's password to get into the computers We almost had a disaster here. They all said the show canceled due to technical incompetence again This place needs somebody to come in here and tell Greg read your full of crap I'm gonna get some things done in here. We're gonna like tell Bob remote to stick it. We're gonna fire George Corso's ass We're gonna get this place straight now It's done playing make believe radio. Yeah. Look how well we've been doing last few years here and can you imagine how much better we could all See now you're starting trouble with pipe dream. See that's one thing about most people in the world most people are willing Don't they'll take whatever comes along. They don't give a crap what choice you got most people are mediocre They don't strive for greatness and And that's certainly is the case about this place man as long as we get the ball scores on it As long as we're doing Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Danny and Dave and Wayne and Whatever by the way Wayne you're a fricking liar baby Yeah But that oh it was like dizzy roll over again that thing and when I heard them play this morning that clip Where he was bitching out our our Mundo Suggaro and her video to report it was the beat the dolphin beat writer He was beaten it and he was ripping them in ass for high-fiving and Buffalo when the dolphins were Squeeze out of the playoffs when Denver one you're a liar Wayne Because that's the first thing that everybody thought I have a machin TV yesterday and here comes Tony cigarette a one there and our good buddy Little dog Joe Rose with it. You know his head on TV fills up my whole screen. I got a 52-inch screen Seriously, he's a great guy. But man. What a gigantic head That's a show business. Hey if there's anybody out there in Radioland that's really interested in great head Believe you me we got the guy from eight to ten the old big head Forget about the big dog and little we got the big head and anyway He's on there breathlessly and I'm thinking what is this all about and then I see we got the press conference on and Danny boy is back in And of course the first thing anybody with a brain thinks is all this is another PR stunt Because the fans are sour in your pissed off and are really really pissed off that he's keeping Dave once said and Rick Sortina whatever it is name is remember Rick Sortina from color no and It's so the bottom line is you know Well, we'll pacify him with Danny and yeah, he's got those two big plus high-paying TV jobs So they'll give him a lot of money wankin afford it anything to try to pacify the local you know And so for him to get all that out of shape because he resents that question and how dare they say you're full of crap way and okay you lie in sack of crap and I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can market down Yeah, we did it. Robert County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build his facility I will not play here. Uh-huh because I will not have you guys Look at me for the next ten years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Oh, no, we wouldn't want to say that. What do we huh? You lie in sack of crap with your gigantic balls spot from your career your idiot Anyway, we'll get to him we'll get to my Peacemaking with mole my love in this morning started out a little bit hostile to be honest with him You might have turned into a quite a thing. That's a fight. No, no, and again didn't I a year ago no Femburg did I say I wanted to have a meeting with him and cleared the air and Greg we'd go oh, but I beat But about Greg's got to go a wipe his ass today and he's got to uh, you know go service this one and that one Always too busy our absentee absentee management. That's a problem here in this place could be great in hetero spec You should have just done it without Greg couldn't have done it without Greg You invite him to Ruth's Chris and there you go. That's not a meeting man Let's go back in that time. I'll go buy him Screw you man. I didn't say we had that good of a meal. Oh No, no, it was good 1383 votes. Here's the upholdment yesterday. We guardless of which can they you support which contender is best articulating your views now I don't understand how bush only got 8% I'm delighted to see that even though I don't believe it but if he gets like 178 per 18% against the Democratic candidates How's that possible am I missing something don't know? Huh? I mean regardless of how many candidates there are you think out of the total vote He'd still get the 17% see what I'm saying what would take well he didn't there all fuller Schmidt form 88 good point Dean 236 Dennis cassettes nice going baby 183 in fact, maybe he could borrow most peace most here actually look pretty good this morning See maybe that's what allowed me to have that conversation No, seriously that was the best looking them has to been the Sunday go to meet in peace Occurcent 183 car 157 bush 112 that's only 8% the Shardton 76 Edwards 44 and you'll notice how there was to no time and pile on poor polo Well, maybe he broke the lawn and everyone's here's the media again. It's said to say this is a blockbush There's story the book is gonna come out today meaning today And here we are maybe all these people over there are dying based on a bunch of lies instead of that What's the media's take oh well? Maybe he broke the laws it's a felony, you know, and those top secret reports that we saw there on 60 minutes And the public says oh yeah, that's a good point put him in jail Edwards 44 carry 29 get hard 23 You'll even in only 20 and Carol mostly brawn Caramos they brown 15 What is your name Carol mostly brown? She had 15 1300 55 I don't want to hear about which part is it okay? I don't want to know Not up my alley so to speak oh What a thought now she's good. I like her a lot But I mean she hasn't got a Chinaman's chance and I know she has got no chance Carol mostly brown So anyway, let's do the break because I want to come back and tell a quite a story I'll know we probably ought to take the call from line 6 first QAM Yeah, let me get this street we still got one stick get out of here This a tour clock demand dog will be here those of you who want to go into this football crap It's gonna go on now for how many weeks in a station? I'm turning me yeah until next year season starts all over again. Thank the Lord They should they should be kissing the ground here. You know it thank you Wayne even though you're a lion son of a bitch Thank you Wayne because at least you gave them some fodder for your fodder Yeah for the mill here for next many weeks. Now that they dolphin season. I could be wrong But isn't the dolphin season over? Yeah seems to me that they have planned these days But those lucky pit oh, you know I forgot to mention that to Howard about the Patriots tomorrow But the luck normally about those lucky bounces come on mole tomorrow during your next contact I mean he said he does have a thing for Tom Brady admit it that I said me first No, seriously, if this was a real place of business Greg Reed would have orchestrated this instead of just sitting back and said oh, what was us? What was us? See I think he enjoys it he enjoys it. He loves it. Yeah, he thrives on a great All the Patriots and all the insecurity in the paranoia in the back stabbing and he's got the water not to be running around Eaves dropping in a hallway, you know In fact it wouldn't surprise me if the beast is his mole. Maybe that's the mole. It's a pretty big mole Because the beast looks a little like very jackass a little better in fact, maybe maybe maybe he's double brown bag in the lunches every day the beast Yeah, maybe his mommy double brown bags it Peace a crap hey beast you're on a way up, maybe trust me what I tell you it's 11 past what are you laughing about when it down kick his ass out I told Clarence and Clarence or no hey listen Clarence, it'll be just more time for you to the bond, you know That'll make those late night meetings those those unions even that much more emotional and Significant Isn't that the worry about a job he's got those rich parents spoiled rich UM brat He's everything everybody hates about the uovannics of these white Anyway, it's 11 past 10 Five 60 WQM and of course he's Jewish. Oh Boy is there something in the ear here again? I think that was all a subterfugious more. I think they're piping the poison gas to the event Maybe that's Greg doing it. We gotta do something Hey, are you in a dead end job are you working for a real asshole? Well regardless New Year's resolution don't just happen like automatic you gotta do something yourself put your plans into action Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train Todd Dreck came wandering around at this morning and most said get out of here Todd He did he called he actually called under the door You know the little the little area between the door where he hits this and mother. They slow good in there like a rat Classes start in January, which means they're in the way right now So if you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you becoming a certified computer professional and just four short months Instead of just saying paper or plastic or can I take your order again please? That's right get you a new hot paint career and just four short months to demand for a certified computer Professionals is in all time high right now and fast train offers convenient day evening We can classes job placement assistance financial aid for people to qualify So call a good folks at fast train right now and change your life for the better at one 866 fast train this year don't miss that train of opportunity hop on right now in the train to this year Make your new years resolution reality by getting a real job and a big fat paycheck that goes with it call fast train Tool free right now if you check them on the web at fast train.com make that call tell the Todd Dreck To do call 1 866 fast train Hey, all set High Pass May That because he wouldn't take a shower with ankle burps. As well as old. Oh, he's wearing high-zinga such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and Ava Braun. What's that? He's pounding on. I want to give you a kiss. Okay. You've heard. As old. He is the Princess Central asshole. The only thing there is love to say is promise. Right away. Hey, Wayne Rodier, crap. Okay. So that's fake indignation yesterday. Well, that was a terrible question. You're not fooling anybody. That's the first thing that will come to everybody's mind. Oh, this is a PR move to pacify the angrier angrier anguish fans. And if it's not, well, you know, and then we'll see. Time will tell. So there's our first poll today. What's the last time we took a Danny Marino poll? I guess it was maybe back in Jimmy and Danny days. Okay. And Danny and Jimmy? I think we're going to have like 14 or devotes on yesterday's poll. If we just leave it up there another second or two, we got 13 IDEA. That'll make me very excited. Do you believe that? You know, it sounds stull and off on the most of it. No, it's not only that. I want to make sure that all the Howard sperm people are turned over here. I want the whole world to hear this story. Because this is a, what's today today? January 13, it's Greg Weed's lucky day today. The 13th. And what numbers Danny Marino boy? 13. What number was the shirt? The, the, the, a dolphin jersey that Mo was wearing this morning. 13. It's peace day. It is. So peace on everybody. In fact, we don't like a piece. Oh, let's see. What do we got? 13, 99. Oh, come on. You folks can do better than that. I want to get this thing. Schmidt can already. I'm going to grab this thing up. So I'll give you the brand new pool. Okay. Let's take a look at it. Oh, now they're all hopping on it. Well, like I said, hop off of it. Okay. So it'll refresh on it. All right. I guarantee it's for I would look at that 1401. 1411 on the yesterday's pool, which I already give you the numbers. Okay. Here's our first pool today. The second one later. I like a lot. You didn't see it. Did you? No. Good. Second pool later, which we will build. We've never done this one. Don't accuse me of doing this before. We've done. What was your favorite TV show? We've never done this one. What was your all-time favorite TV character? I don't think we have. Not even close. I got two of them here. I know he's going to win. Archie Bunker? Yes. That was the first one I wrote down. And guess what? The second one I wrote down was you won't like. Because I know you wouldn't like it. Frank Cannon. Okay. Never stole it, Frank. We're not. It's just he was bad. I thought he was neat. I thought that William Conrad was great. And he was a fat. And it was silly. The fact that the day I was going to get this thing. And he was a fat. And it was silly. The fact that this fact guy was wobbling around catching all these evil doers. But nevertheless, I just put it on there. There's a starter. Anyway, here's the first poll. There's very important stuff. Everybody get on the edge of your seat right now. Okay. Squat. Drop a big one. What's your take on the den Reno hiring? What's your take? Come on. What's your take? Five choices. See. That's why I love this time. And the same neurotic repetition. Nothing ever changes. You know, oh, no, it's freaking cute. It's won't speak English. You know, that will never change. Pa. I was watching Gaines and New York. And somebody was on the dox. It was in 1890 something. Doesn't anybody speak English and New York anymore? No. And. Oh, I was at the. When? How was I yesterday? Where was I? Oh, it was last night at the track. And a couple of the bus boy guys that are speaking pet twice. A couple of the Haitian guys. They're pet. And then I got this guy at the table across from me who was Italian or we have not agreed over to real Italian. And he's in a pile of my way. They're going to go down. All right. With his. I'm not. I don't like pet. Well, two pasty and. And. And something if there's anybody in this place speaking English. I mean, even making me knuckle a make nickel was speaking in a four language last night. Hey, by the way, Mickey. Christie. Mcnick will drive us better. And you do anyway. What's your take on the den Reno hiring? I smell super bowl. That's the first choice. Huh? I smell super bowl. Can you smell it? Oh, yeah. I like that flavor man. Hey. He cuts the best smelling for it. And here I thought you might be distracted from your humor. No. By what? Court events. I figured it'd be compelling and reflecting. Court events. You mean the mob business? Yeah. I'll get to that. I want to take my time with that. It's too important. I'm not making light of that either. It was a major day in my life and his two. I believe. It really was. All of us. And you ask. I come back up the elevator. I come up here. And they're all running around. This is a, this is a Kenny place. It's a sandbox. It's a bunch of overgrown children. And they're watching on the security monitor. They're watching the summit that Moana had done in a parking lot this morning. It was summit. All right. Huh? No. Everybody. And then of course, Joe Rose. I find I'll talk about a Yenta. I told he's a little bit of a backstabber. I love the little dog. But he's a backstabber. A little bit. He likes twist in there. A little. A little. What did you just say? Nothing. I told him that he ought to be the next one in a hank. Have a sit down. True. Am I right? Absolutely. And I'll say it again. If Greg read if you had any balls at all, if he had any brains at all, which you certainly don't. You haven't been to one to orchestrated this long time ago. We could have cleared the air here. And life could have gone on. We're still playing that little bit. Some were still having a good time. But at least it wouldn't have been all this hate and hostility going on. Yeah. It's no way to run a business. But Greg, we don't know how to run a business. He hasn't got a clue. He's got that bitch back there who's selling like a dollar a holiday. You know, and we guys sell all these, uh, phony, phony spots, all these free mentions, which I noticed the promo today. But that's right. The Sandbar grill in the grove. Excuse me. There's always at least one, you know. Well, they got to be somewhere. Right. Can't just say it. It's such an assistant address. Anyway, I smell super bowl. That's the first choice. It's a PR stunt to pacify dolphins. Danny's a winner. I like it. It won't change a thing or I couldn't give a Schmidt less. Well, that I guess it'll be your vote. Or maybe not. You're a Danny person. You at least know who that is. It's a Danny person. You know who he is. Yeah. Got them funky. Looks like. Like that Joker on restaurants. Got all the restaurants. Resteront, Resteront, Daisy's got the CBS TV gig. He's got the HB TV gig. He's everywhere. Hmm. Still the give a crap. No. But in any way, the true is a lot of fun for QAM. Every time there's another Danny thing. I'm starting to remember that Jimmy Johnson's coming back to replace Dave Ones. They're right before the season starts. Jimmy and Danny, wouldn't that be great? Oh, together again. I love it. Jimmy and Danny, Danny and then we could play those bits over and over again. And they can talk day after day as a Jimmy's fall. Does it Danny's fall? Who sucks the most? Anyway, I haven't even got, I did. I smell super bowl. It's a PR stunt to pacify dolphins. Danny's a winner. I like it. It won't change a thing or I couldn't give a Schmidt less. There's your five choices. Let's hop on that pole, baby. And what am I voting to get this thing started? I'll assure wish that this, see, I don't, this isn't even set up right here. That's why I hate this studio. The studio blows. It's a PR stunt. Oh, the if you think we're paying them all that money. Yeah, he is. He is. I mean, all, all, he, as soon as somebody comes on and dignity like Wayne did yesterday. And then you know that he's trying to cover up the lie. Oh, look at look at all the hosts on there. I just put the pole up and there's already 52 votes on there. Eric just yanked it on there. Oh, I'm telling you, this is a big winner. This is where it's at, man. Don't think that we can evade this. Just because it's a sports thing. It's more than sports. Dan Marina is bigger than life itself in this town. Can we really is? Right. He's he never stole a free train. Danny boy. Right. He's not somebody we dislike on a show. I always like Danny. In fact, it just paid me that these holy freaking fans down here. Oh, well, you know, he's over to Hill and he never won a Super Bowl. He don't have any ring. Yeah, he's got rings all right. Ring around a collar. Okay. 52 votes. It's a PR stunt to pacify dolphins in spite of Wayne's denials yesterday. Twenty one people said that. Danny's a winner. I like it. 12. I couldn't give a Schmidt last 11. It won't change the thing. Six. I smell Super Bowl. I need to. I'm sure one of those is Tony Siggaretto. You're so silly, Tony, an idiot. You're such a silly goose man. I'm so embarrassed. You know, even the news from Buffalo. I don't care what anybody says. It's not, you know, Buffalo isn't a major market. It's a million people. But even the news from Buffalo smells a little bit more professionalism than the newscast we got down here. And I noticed that Steve Wolford on channel four news is long gone now. He was good. He was too professional for here. Just like John Hamburg was too professional for here. But somebody silly, like Tony Siggaretto, who's just a silly sports, a new M nerd, turned news anchor with a gigantic ego. Him and sloppy Velapi. Is she still around? I don't know. You don't watch that channel. No. But our big head is on there. Sure. I saw him yesterday afternoon. I said, there's my buddy Joe Rose. I watched the All Rod Regas news channel. Oh, channel four. Right. Elliott Rodriguez. Mighty Rod Mega Rodriguez. Rodriguez. The Saul Rodriguez. They're all on there. All Rodriguez all of us. By Rodriguez is for me. If things don't work out here, maybe you know, Oh, cool. I'm here. Because as part of the deal with mole, I can't believe it. So there's the initial results on our pull. Let's do the break. Well, no, because I want to like ease into this. I want to give the whole story. After we take a call or two, we'll quickly. Jimmy and Danny line. Hello. Hello. Your search. You're family Reno's shock, buddy. No. Ha ha ha ha ha. Right there is definitive soft Florida, baby. I like it. Oh. Yeah. It's just a jam or Reno sucks, buddy. That's the first response we get here on the new Rogers show. On the one that's supposed to be negative, right? That's right. Although I did vote for I think it's just a PR stuff. Because, you know, he's keeping, he's keeping the ones that which is a bad bet. Even extended his contract. Yeah. Two years with no play offs, man. The guy is strictly Chicago beers we incarnate is just. Kaka. Poop. And what's the other one? Pisten. What else do we miss it? Everybody off. He's pissing everybody off. So, and they still got rich score. Tina now is the new general manager, which is a joke because Rick are ways about 85 pounds. He's divided a carer than he had that nose problem. Oh, okay. Wait, you're not going to believe the response on this poll today. You're going to be a, a astonished. Are they, is it? No, it's a groupable. 87. It's only been on here for like about six or seven minutes. 87. Vote. Maybe the Republicans are freeping it. Well, keep this on till noon and then we'll start. We'll worry about building up the other one. Or maybe we'll say the other one for tomorrow. I don't know. You think we can build it and then do it tomorrow. Whatever you want. No. Then what do we do tomorrow? Because we're not doing that one in two palliatives. Our no more. That's done. That's over. I get my word on that. See where it works. We're making a whole new deal here in 2004 and giving you folks a little mole. Is what we're doing? Because we're desperate. Wait till Friday. We're just, we're just by the time you'll Friday when that book comes out. It's going to be. We a stinker ruin midday. And the rest of the day who the hell knows I have no idea. Could be all kinds of things. Could be really good. Could be. But we'll see. My good friend, Kid Curry was even sniffed around and they're talking about Anna's squeeze big ass. He did make a comment. He did throw in some kind of crack. He came in the middle of a conversation down there and made some kind of a crack about. Oh, yeah. It's just a radio show. Just ask Anna's squeeze. I give her the squeeze. Yeah. She's got a real big ass. And the Kid Curry's into big ass although a little bit younger. I guess these days. It's 27 past 10 am I right? No comment. How old is his misses now, buddy? 18. I think she just had a birthday. 12. Hey, let me tell you something right now. Let me give you 12 reasons or maybe 100 reasons to go to the Amol Coast Chinese buffet because the food is so damn good. They give you so much of it. Whether you're like one of those people who's not a really big eater but just enjoy his delicious food or real pig or anything in between. You'll see a lot of big beefy people in that place already buffet. But you'll love it because everything is fresh and delicious. They got six different kinds of soups like your wanton and your hot and sour and all the other good stuff. Your creplos soup. And they've got dozens and dozens of delicious entrees like New York, strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood saying, Jacques. Plant. Enjoy oysters on a half shell every night. If that doesn't enough, try the last can stone crab middle night clams, d'embo shrimp scampy. And for the first time ever steamed main lobster on a weekend. Try the handcar premiere of their new Thai specialties too. And keep in mind, unlike almost every Chinese restaurant, the universe, no headaches. No bad pounding headache when you walk out because they don't use any MSG. They don't use any corn starch. They cook all or good crap alone at cholesterol. So you'll walk out with a big smile on your face and it will help the full stomach too. You'll find a full salad bar, new sushi bar fresh shrimp cocktail. And for people that got a crowbar or a gigantic pupic, a full dessert station too if you have any room left. Featuring bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pasteries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit as well. Three ever close locations for you. There in sunrise, pineapple and a 44th street. There on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd north Miami Beach. And you'll also find them at the intersection of prestigious Flemengo and Pemmergros in geriatric Pemberg Pines. So take the Gossam Espoja, baby the entire family or book your next business lunch and right now. And a lot of good friends at the table co-stood the cook and for you. Take out and deliver you always available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Why? I didn't local. Your sports video 5-60 chewing. Chew a yeah. Oh. Oh. All right. What? Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team. They flood the ball from gold. They go like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them you always lose. Huh? They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches. All to tell them to put their day in their jucks. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. And they're the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Let's see that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans. Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mone in gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so goddamn rich. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. Woo, woo, woo, woo. The dolphins have Jay Feedler. That quarter, facts that you've run down the field. And he will throw a pass over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he would circumcise in there. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Jay calls his signals in Hebrew. The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at Joe. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a place. With fewer points than Park Marks on. My Zinguz is a great face and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. All of the hell. 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're through. Miami dolphins. Green dolphins. deste clots. Trivia whales. Miami dolphins.eau. 35. At 56 euros, admitted to me this morning, which I thought was pretty big of the big dog. He admitted that he and daddy occasionally get together and we can still take showers together. of them? They have special guest showers. For special guests? Yeah, like two heads. Are better than one. 164 votes. Can you believe that that pull is but up there like maybe 15 minutes staggering. It is shocking man. It's scandalous to go to Shoya. What a one horse buggy in town is is. How whatever that means. Just change again. 100 and 68 votes. They're coming in and chunks. Can you tell? Can you hear it? Chunks. 168. What's your take on the Dan Reno hiring? It's a PR stuff to pacify. Dolphins. 63. They're not buying it, Goldie. They're not buying it. I was Tom Mo about the Chris Moore story. Right. Remember the months that I was in Limbo or paid not to work. I remember it very well. Oh, so months that packs and paid me off. I didn't. I was talking about Chris Moore on coming on a station. And tell him the bookstore who ever was on with that. They maybe Joe's a gacky. I think I might have been a gacky. And Chris Moore on coming on breathlessly. I don't think he'll Rogers will ever be on WQA. I mean, if he comes on here and starts ripping Wayne, how's it? Can you imagine the very first day? That'll be the end of that. No. See, even more made of very good put that is Wayne doesn't sign our pay text here. Well, he might sign most pay check for the dolphin game. He don't sign line for doing his talk show. Does he sign your check? No. No, he got nothing. He doesn't own a radio station. He's got nothing to do with it. Okay. So, there you go Wayne. We'll say whatever it'll help we want. Chris Moore, is he still on here here? No. Oh, I don't think Chris Moore was ever on this station. You know, something I don't think Chris Moore will ever do the Panther games. I don't think it will ever happen. Do you? I think yel these got a better chance to do in the Panther games than Chris Moore on. Ratt attack. Anyway, sir. Did you ever see Chris Moore and for all together? No, that's a good point. Yeah. Water pipe sir. Ratt attack, sir. See? Yeah. Good boy. I think it's him. I think that's what happened is they found out it was really him in Dragon. That's what they blew money here. 168 votes. What's your tickets? A PR stunt to pass by dolphins 83. I'm not a six. I'm sorry. 63. Danny's a winner. I like it 42. I couldn't give a Schmidt less 31. How many for that? But third man. I won't change a thing 26. I smell Super Bowl six. We're talking Super Bowl because we're the Denmarino Dolphin. Can you see it? Come on. Sure. I can smell it. I'm getting my tickets. And it's right up the street again. In fact, maybe it'll be safe to be a dolphin again. You know, that woman that got ripped on a show Friday. I think that guy was a little bit. I think that was the point she was trying to make. That about the Panther is remember she called in and she said, oh no. Now it's okay to root for the Panthers again because they're playing for you. She was being a little bit sarcastic. I got called and ripped her an ass. Which was fine. Charles and dear field beats on and when you people lay off and when we did the very heavy Do these serious show yesterday and of course now today the big deal is oh a polo nearly you know may have broken the law. I mean, naturally so it's a meteor for you. What can I tell you? As opposed to saying, hey, you need to say we're in this war because we were lied to and I had this plan all along and they just had to make up some grotesque reason and make up a bunch of lies so that you go in there and to kick some ass and to be up the world fields and stuff like that. Yeah. But that's your media for you. Don't air and the only good piece of news is that young people are turning away from mainstream media to get their news. Even Tom Jerka had a combat that this morning about the um not necessarily the new thing. Yeah, more and more young people are not they're they're not the watch and the ABC or CBS or NBC. Apparently there's certainly now watching MSNBC nobody is or even CNN. Nobody under the age of 100 watches CNN including me. Certainly not news internet news. There you go. That's what they do in their turn to the internet. They're going to the arraggers.com to get the MS baby. They're going to something that might tell they're going to like move on.org. Yeah. And they're still there still plan those hit the rats on CNN. They just they just can't get away from that and it quite frankly if they hit any balls they would use those ads. Right? Because those are the ones that are right on. Okay, let me get to the store right after the break. Huh? I think we've dilly deadly that we had a major summit meeting in a parking lot this morning. Perhaps the most implausible unproductive moment in history of this radio state and maybe in the history of the human race I would say. When you say so far. Try to think of what might have come close. I don't know. But I think the bottom line is Greg it's it's your fall baby. Once again the ball be in drop by Greg Reed anybody seen him lately. Oh thank god. Great, man. fooled. Were you lucky? With that he was the cradle Until we all got through And the other has been a water Through the start of the way So here Grab his hand and Diesing Seek and forge and handle them is done He started acting movies Section Stuart, tell me Hand and Empower With his hands andexclamation We're gonna fake the villains Now, now, now, now, just in our water Who's got the fake? I heard the rots you saved I wait to walk in the water I'm gonna wait to see the stairs Who wait and lock the doors If the huddle is in hand time Well I can't found no fear The water still won't stop the way They still hate to walk they like toys They intend to the complexionist courts in South Florida to make them a sticker by the He's a piece of crap and of course even George was just reminiscing about the Marlins in the 1997 A First World Series victory and of course right after the game Oh, I guess what if you don't build a sustainium We're trading off the whole team and then we're like Kevin Brown couple other players. Oh, we'll even play for reduced salary. Why don't we keep the thing going? No, bye bye Panthers if you don't we already played the clip about building the arena and the blah blah blah I won't play there anyway because I don't want to do one thing and they are any is playing there and then he sold it to this Porsche Mach Allen Cohen And he just continues playing for how's that blockbuster stadium doing? Blockbuster park see if Marlins wouldn't have to be running around looking for a stadium If we had blockbuster park we have it to get built. No, was it a big fat line? Yeah, wow, and how is the people still all that blockbuster stock, you know what a tier in his eye was Miramar's fault See I can't I can't handle ultra rich people I can't stand them Yeah, because nothing is there they never have enough they never stop dicking with people they never stop screwing around with people's emotions You know just take all your money and go away already. Well, yeah, I'm not in the sports business to offer the fans I'm in to make money. Well screw you man It's a reason they're called filthy even though he has nothing to do with blockbuster anymore. He left such a a taint on that establishment That there are a lot of people that won't go there just because he was involved in it. In fact most people think he's still involved in it Right a taint and it's like let's just tell me he is Oh, Wayne's gonna be a blockbuster tonight. I think he's got something to do with it Anyway, in fact, here's a fact that says all I gotta get to my Howard story or baldy went off on a big old because he was asked a question that was correct Not the big old that's Salmando. He's got his fixed confused. He's got Orlando Elzacuiri mixed up with the Amandoza Azel Gwiri whatever his name is Dan is a pitchman great quarterback never coached by the way what does Dan know about the auto business except how to buy a bunch of cars Also how much is a gazillion dollars anyway And that's what Wayne said yesterday I saw the press conference. He's making a gazillion dollars over there at CBS, HBO. What does he need to come here to it? You know Anyway, it says it's kind of ex-dolphin fan Balldy is a joke is what he says. How do you like that pick it on the Wayne mice? You again good nice going wherever you are ex-dolphin Then here's another fact that says Any excerpt from any QM sports show from now to logist host hello WQM collar Dave and Danny Danny and Dave and Ecoson for like whole paragraph A host I see your point, but I think they've been Danny. David Danny and Ecoson for like another program It says host before I take next call I have to do depending on which show it is. Oh, I see You're picking out most head again. Okay, cut the crap. Well this was written before they heard the story. That's right. So anyway, here's the story Get on the edge of your seat, okay? So I drive into the parking lot this morning into my lovely parking spot there And I see off to the side there by where those benches are I see Moe is over there with Giri Sarner to my very favorite people And I get out of the car take my little briefcase here as they're waddle into a door and Giri Sarner, hey Neil, how you doing? Hi, Giri and Moe looks at me and he said I forget what the first word was at you. That's no that was on the very first word Oh, because when I was driving in he said something about The Zach story again. He puts that on here with that story as if we can't let that go already and they said something about well It's better what that cancer we have on the irritant of classes so anyway He made some Grow test comment to admit so as I started to go in the door I said, well, you know cancer might be contagious mole Which is this my response is coming about me being a cancer and he said to me F you feel you And I looked at him and I said well back at you and he said few big round you walk on Never do that If I could find a mole hole Yeah, and anyway And so thank you're he Sarner kind of got up and started getting nervous and doing the same by his dance and kind of waddling through the door So most of them will come over here and tell me something. I said tell you what I mean I don't want repeat the whole conversation But in other words, it started out extremely hostile as as you'd expect and Then he said well and I said to my said well, what is it that I've said about you that isn't correct you said on the air Wow, I named it you know when he went out air so we'll give me something specific So he decided that we were gonna have a why guess it was mutual, but it was I still say 70% him and about Percent me that we ought to sit down and like have a meeting of the minds and he said sit down Just like that sit down. There's two benches out there right I said what you sit down to so we both sat down And we broke out of a lonely sandwich no and Why you know the Jews and We got into a thing about this one did this and this one did that and I said, well, you know I wanted to have a discussion like this year ago in November But Greg Reed of course is always too busy and he's got corporate meeting and he's got this and he's got to go Wipe his ass and he's always got some excuse why doesn't do these things and He told me that he had agreed to it Which I think is what we heard right right? We did but of course Greg wasn't gonna facilitate it Of course Clarence and Duff there are a couple of quizlings men are couple of pansies Oh gee Greg it's a fight. It's a fight. You know, and that's what happens when you run a place like this the way Greg does is that nobody else has got any authority Because he's got to be he's all got to come back to Greg Even silent for like paper clips and toilet paper. That's why there's no pity cash here. Did you know that? No, I didn't see only radio station I've ever only business ever been in my life. It doesn't have pity cash. That's petty. Yeah Because you know he's got he has to have and the funniest part about that I guess that empowers him, you know because he can't write a check All the checks have to come out of Naples probably because they don't trust him Possibly know they got a bunch of degenerate gamblers working here too. So anyway to make a long now Well, that's not a good idea to let people I check the check books, you know We need to have people that are compulsive gamblers then they try to start covering like citing checks, you know Cover this a bed and cover night bed Call him this bookie so anyway to make a long story a longer We had a meeting of the minds and a yeah and and mow very Honestly admitted that he had done some really grow test things like the bulletin at headcomment and apologize for it. I accepted it And that doesn't mean we're gonna be best of friends who that we like have some kind of a love fest But the fact that a matter is the uglyness stops here To quote somebody from our favorite movie cook was nest I play an all right thing, but that's in there now What's in there the all right drought I played all right drought We don't need any sound effects for this. This is serious. This is a kind of a joke. All right Th wrong with you My brains are going top and so anyway I said that he probably ought to have the same kind of a sit down with Hank and also with Joe Rose Now I know it'd be on the shadow of it and I told him this I said a part of the audience is in my audience anyways Gonna be very upset that doesn't mean we're not gonna continue playing a poker Brian bits There's nothing malicious involved in any of those there there. It's humor. It's a radio show and I told him that again I think he understands that finally Good, but I mean there's a difference between shit And Reading malicious crap and it just has gotten to the point of being so ugly around this place and now that I'm back here for a couple of ways I think it needs to stop and if we had any any kind not just this constant absentee management Any emotional cripple that keeps running away and running away and hiding from the problems Instead of doing something to solve them and bring people together That's the main problem of QA. It's not Howard David. It's not your rod Is not Hank or berg it's not anybody else. It's not even that obnoxious beast. It's Greg Reed You don't know how to run a business baby. You don't know how to talk to people and the reason he's uncomfortable in doing that is because he can't do it He doesn't come and say to me, you know, and it's like that He called to tell me that he was firing your ass I'm in Toronto. I answered a phone about two fifteen. Oh, Neil. It's a Greg A congratulations on a great book. Oh, and by the way, I've decided terminate the George Rodriguez Kind of like an afterthought. I said. I don't think so I don't think so And I don't want to rehash all of that too because that was in our repirit That's what started this whole thing with mo But that's the way Greg deals with problems. He cannot I mean it just like a couple of times when a game came so frustrating That I had a call on at home, which I've done maybe three times and then the six years I've been here Plus before we started what I talked about the other day about the studio won't be ready. It's said right so on I mean when you continue digging yourself into a deeper and deeper and deeper hole and lying and lying and He's fading and just like that first show we did on the year after all at history Trying to get the studio built downstairs and he takes his whole family and runs off on a plane to Chicago Hoping just crossing his legs and fingers and eyes just praying that maybe by some miracle We'd actually get to show on here from that studio the next day and keep in mind in those days We weren't even on the air from the studio. They they had a we were going through like by remote Because the the transmitter was over the other joint We had a dial up after we had a dial everything up every day and hope that the phone system would work And of course like even now nothing worse. We came in here this morning and I love our mob room with being an asshole and Changed the passwords and access to all the everybody's computer and the building Everything's an I'm here again But this is the beastly effin way and you can blame Greg Reed you can blame the beastly's But the fact is this is the way they do business they don't pay people in the timely fashion They don't want to cut loose with all the cash they're making they got a bunch of little dictators like Bob vermuth He's got a big ego problem. You know well, we're gonna do it this way and you're not gonna do this and you're not gonna do that Remember the idea we had of doing like an hour on the internet Yeah, well, no, I I think of that time when the a transmitter went out when Ferrell was going to be doing this for a show and he and I didn't I were so on the internet using every word that's ever been invented That was maybe the most entertaining arts ever been on this later station. It was great radio, but it wasn't on the radio But it was on the internet people were listening we got a lot of you be surprised how many people we got Listened out there in the internet at least and people loved it and so we had that idea Wow, we're not gonna do that true because our QM might be responsible and but if you put them up But I'm with you know Which is which is why we don't even have a link anymore on a QM website for the new Rogers website because somebody made a big Timis about the fact we had something on there that was a sub-roso. It was this whatever it was and so they came in right away They always came in that's why Ferrell and here no more because they always came in That's the nature of this place big big aspirations They want to be this and they want to be that but they don't have they don't have the guts to do it. That's the problem And we don't even have the guts to look somebody in a face never real conversation with him And what kind of management is that? It's miss management fact that could be the new name we have for Greg miss management Then we got the junior miss management We could have a page it. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking We got junior miss over there. We got junior miss over here. We got a couple of juniors Yeah Oh, yeah, we'll have a page in it's the junior mismanagement page in a QM I like it. Yeah, we're gonna said that other pull for tomorrow. I'm on a roll now Plus I want to hear all these a Danny and Dave and Jimmy and Danny calls. Why should we why should we pee on their parade? There are such a roll now. Why should we interrupt in the beginning? It's one thing after goes on for about six to seven months And I have to intercede and say hey, these guys are getting a little bit carried away to sports shows Like I did with a Jimmy and Danny think it's getting really a few in ponderous Okay, what's your take on the Dan Marine or hiring this is the big story 286 votes in about 35 minutes Is that shocking or what it is talking we could just go through the roof on this thing today Which is already go with the flow flow I think when that's unfriety we're gonna hit the flow when at bookmza a lot of people are gonna hit the flow including us 26 votes what's your take it's a PR stunt to pacify doll fans 106 Danny's a winner. I like it's 78 that's 27.2 percent I couldn't give it Schmidt less 54 it won't change a thing 37 and I smell super ball 11 Smell super ball That's Owen Nolan's number. Hey, how's your eye doing Owen 11 votes? I smell super ball So the positive votes here. We're talking about 31 percent If you add the Danny's winner. I like it and I smell super ball which means about 70 percent of him is very Negatory town Not too enthusiastic Duck So I can taste the crunchy, crunchy, crunchy We're telling back the macaroni and cheese Cut holes in the bed, because we taste the creamy produce That's just about all they're allowed to do Rockups and all white cups and all white cups and all Rockups and all white cups and all white cups and all white cups and all The candy is Hayman Mother's Child We remain in total Idols, now we'll mix it all There's a white siempre On the whiteboard, some white or whiteMY F turf I like the white and white What a crazy, spobegee We've been 12th Agro Free Live a life aboard a computer and then you'll go Gotta reach by the moon for a natural Wackers Wackers to the water, Wackers to the water J.H.L.R.S to the water, Wackers to the water We've had the 7.03.5.6. WKM at the Mad Dogga 2, the Humphor, the loaders for the Safno Hurricanes warm up at 6.45 And then you gotta get outta here okay, you yenta? Was that that type of crap? Was it all the way and get outta here? No comeback anytime soon, the Beast. If we're gonna take a vote, I'm with Molo on that one I'm voting with him. That's just because of our summits this morning But this man is a trouble. A Wadling Bala Trouble. A Herkun War of 645. Herkun's at North Carolina Basketball 705 tonight, or 70 Clock any interest. And really, any K-9 and Jua Markov and I 2-5 at Spikon and Jua Costello joined him tonight. 739 30 at the Sandvard, Real in the Grove, step out of Wind T-shirts and tickets to watch the Panther Flyer game. When is that game? Do we know? Oh, it's tomorrow night. Well, Thursday night. I just gave the wrong online up. Oh, that's Wednesday. I'm trying to get ahead of myself. Not that I'm anxious to get out of here. Well, let's do Tuesday and then we'll do Thursday. I'll do next week Monday. And I'm getting to that. Let's see. We got managed to do the Lotus 4 with our own, it wouldn't have been 4 to 5. And by the way, every year, good guy, but your voice is terrible. The big summer clock tonight. Oh, he's going to be all whipped up about this Danny Boy thing. I bet he can't wait to get out of here. Hey, big Orlando, if you'd like to come in now, give me a couple of extra hours. Any K attend Joe and Mark overnight. Like I said, it's picking a Joe. Join him 739 30 at the Sandvard Real in the Grove tonight. Stop by the Wind T-shirts and tickets to the Panther Flyer game Thursday night from the Bud Party Zone. Don't you want to be in the Bud and the Bud Party Zone? Why not? What's not to like? And that bad news about Nathan Horton, by the way. Really bad. Kids going to be good. Who the do the guy? Yeah, Tim Horton. What's your take on the damn Reno firing? Chairman. Go ahead of your company. Oh, I'm sorry. I was so bad. I'm thinking ahead about two years. Chairman 34 votes. It's a PR stunt to pacify dolphins. 116. 34.7% think you're a liar Wayne. And Spidey or chew it out Orlando, Quirria, is the Gizegiri. Then he's a winner. I like it 84 25.1% I couldn't give a Schmidt list over 20% 68. It won't change a thing 53 15.8% I guess because they got the same coach and they got Rick's Quirria Tino's GM now. And I smell Super Bowl. Look what the number is. Do you see an Oman? 13. Wow. All right. 13. Can't see the number. Well, I can. Why not? Because your computer is a piece of crap and it's not working. 13. What a percent say. We're smell and Super Bowl because it's Danny Moreno. So that's 28.9%. This is quite a day. We got Dan Moreno is the assistant, Cheekook and bottle washer with the dolphins. We got Mo and Neil have a summit in the parking garage down here in a parking lot. And the kids should make up and shake hands. And that's not a publicity stunt by the windside. It just happens spontaneously. And I'll say again, I give him 70% of the credit and I'll take my credit. And I really do think you ought to have a like a sit down with the big dog with Joe who's a good guy. And with the hopper was a great guy, right? On the stairs. Like I said, with Joe who's a great guy and Hank was okay. Even without. Okay. There you go. No, I don't play favorites. They're all good guys. That's pointed out to Mo. I get along with everybody here except up until the day except him. So I don't like it. Is there anybody else? I'm not talking about salespeople or those kinds of people or management. I'm talking about like mad dog. Oh, the hell. We got right with for a few. Joe Rose. Love Joe. The Humper. Any K. Joe and Mark. Right on. Even the big. The big. The big. And already said Hank. The big. Right. Oh, and he. Here's the ever company. And said, you need to always rip me on here. He never said that. Who Hank? No, the big. Oh, I don't rip Hank on here. I've had some fun in his expense. But he understands. He gets it. Some fun in his expense. Oh, no. And his pants. There's an expense in his pants. In fact, he's that's why he was not last week. I have all his pants. Let up. And then come on. Now I'll see him one of these days while I'm here. I'm looking at on the schedule. I see he's in studio next couple of days in today. So I wanted to the Humper. In fact, I might stick around extra one of these days just to make sure we can bond a little bit. And I can take a look and see just how expensive. I don't know what to say. Because I if I told you what I wait in my scale this morning, you would just get up and walk out. No, I used to it. And what do I tell you every time I come back here? You know, because there's nothing else. I'm here to track last night. Right. And just eaten. It's another meal I would've had it all. Now you saw what I had here this morning. I had my interest. I bet it could stay good stuff. That's my breakfast. Going to mommy's for lunch. He's going to try to force feed me and sit there. Oh, you're so fat. Who's the same way? Well, she's pushing right. Right. And that's all that is why I'm here. And the pony tail wants to be in food. This one wants me to go weed here. And I can't do it. Can I do it? Can I do it? Federal diabetic meal? Can't do it. Okay. And now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to let these people. I'm going to save that other pull for tomorrow because yeah. Yeah. Because that'll, that's great to kill tomorrow. Always plan ahead. And number two, the audience is just pent up with the motion about all this. About Wayne, about Danny, about the whole insanity this whole thing. About my summit with more. We just got too many fish to fry today. Hmm. Yeah. That's the old fish fry. 50670560 pound pile 60 on the AT&T. We're doing screenless by the way. So all you sports dazuter wake inning at your two sense about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Dave, just Cool it. screenless. wsqaam hello. Bol yand b an mini and  box there. Do y p a D no. Buddy. Hey. What in no matter what the topic is, you're still the same asshole like in Smell it. Somewhere to the phone. Okay. Juan Noakness Madia. Idiot. Wdqaam hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. My boat for the boat is not going to make the pit a difference. Yeah. Well I didn't do one of you laboring on it. Well I think the players, the one on the board, they all party on southeast. And the teachers are all going to highlight. The players are partying on South Beach and they teach us to go to highlight. We've got a Chinaman's Hanson purgatory. But we got some good Cimicats, we'll tell you real cheap. WQAM, hello. Hello Bill. Yes sir. I don't want to ring the whistle, I can find some action comfortable. Yeah. Keep it by the nose and rush. Alright. Okay let's do the break then we're going to really, we're going to get an imaging calls today. Don't want to be said that I'm peeing on your parade. I can smell when there's something to be exploited. I mean really pushed when the audience is on fire. This town is smaller in man. When you achieve something, you got everybody talking again. Now what they're saying, you're probably not going to like because you're a hard ass. You know what I love the best about people with a lot of money. I give up thin skin. Oh. Steinbredder. Big still swing. They're all real thin skin. Are you said that about me? Well shame on you. You know that kind of crap. What would you care? Exactly. I mean I know, you know, I make a couple of bucks, but I certainly not a multi-millionaire. But I don't give a crap on anybody's say. But more importantly, are you wearing that shirt again today? Because you liked it so much yesterday. You're right. I wear shirt two days. Do you? Yeah. Okay. I don't sweat a lot. I don't do any like a manual labor. Man well labor. I wear shirt two days. That's fine. Is that okay? That's fine. Now if I wore it again tomorrow, you said to me why you wearing that day. Then I'd say, well, because I'm becoming a slob in my old age. In fact, you know, if it'll make you happy, what I'll do is I'll wash it. I'll put it in the, although this, you can't put this in the wash again. Just got to do it. I don't know. Probably okay. Oh. Well, I'll wash it. Now just where at the whole time I'm here. Beautiful. Because the beat, you know what to be said to me again. That little suck hold this morning when I swaddled up. He said, no, I'm not sure again today. The only, he thought it was a different one. Yeah. See, I don't have any good shirts here. Oh, my good shirts are in Toronto. Right. Who am I going to dress up for here? You? No. Look at you. What is that? Oh, man. What a punk. Got a wolf on it. Got it for free. Great. See, that's it. I think maybe I stole this one too now. I think Columbus smuggled it in for me from Mexico. 11 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM on a momentous day. Maybe we got the Neil Mower Union. I'm going to play that. And then we got the Jimmy and Danny and Danny and David and David and Wayne and Wayne and Rickie Rick Scortino. I'll tell you one thing we can all agree on. And that is if you don't have a good mattress and no kidding the night. And sleep you feel like crap the next day. You haven't got any energy. You feel like you had no sleep at all. If the old mattress is given you good service but it's worn out. Here's the answer. Get yourself a better night's sleep in 2004 and for a long time to come back call on my good piezons. At dialometrist, toll free it's 1-800 mattress. Celebrate the new year in real comfort with the new mattress and dialometrist call them today. In fact, if you call them right now, they'll be on the door and knock it on your door before the day is out. dialometrist is proud of at its turns of an antis foster there. Already strong championship lineup. Claims and fosterers the finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on one night by calling 1-800 mattress now. And of course they also carry the complete line of all the other top manufacturers in the universe like, Seely, Surtha, Simmons, Key Quarland, Temporpedic. Choose from dozens of models that low, unbeatable everyday discount prices. And only dialometrist gives you that amazing delivery deal where you pick the two hour delivery any day of the week that meets your schedule seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM. You want their be to intend a noon in the morning, 2-4 AM, no whatever they'll show up on time. They'll take away the crappy old bedding instead of your brand new one in the works good charge. So with low prices, same day delivery, free set up in a mobile it's easy for even a more on to see. My dialometrist is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. Do what I've been doing for years and the other folks here are QM or Keshanon to the all doing it. Call dialometrist for a great night's sleep for years to come. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-AS or check them out online at MacRis.com. That pipes forco-ren on psychumsysq will bid in case you're the people that they're here. I'm a cranky homophole. But not that I mind it's put on way too old. I fantasize about feeling bad to do. In a trist with feet low my man friend is in it. I'll just make up with ginger and something. And then ask him to break my bun. Now there you know the again. So I would not feel the most old. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just hold him and stroke him away. Boy make a weird that my guy just sounds like a lion year old kid. Only a macho men like him. You don't know this. That makes me flip my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my bulbous mani no. Insight is simply re-written. Did it to the day. Now I would not be a sport old. Now if I was not a clown to the face that's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel guilty and gay. Oh my, follow my thousand balls. Yeah ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow pony ass kill safe. If we had a ginger and more gay union. And he would have to get me raped. I think that's a big news story in a market today not the Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and Wayne and Dave's story. But nevertheless what do I know? Three hundred eighty votes on here in a little bit less than an hour. George we're going to get right around 400 in a first hour staggering. It is unbelievable is what it is. And the way yeah as David Paul would say even Dan Paul might say it. What's your take on the Dan Marino hiring? What's your take? It's a PR stunt to pass if I do offense. How are 29 and 33 and about a third say that? You turn. Danny's a winner. I like it. 99 26 percent. I couldn't give a shipment last 77 20.2 percent. It won't change a thing 59 15. And I smell super bowl. We're talking super bowl because it's Tony segretto 16 people. And he's such a silly ass. I hate to say that because your roles near probably pretty tight. Because they're like sports nerds. 16 people say they're smelling super bowl. Chris they didn't say for which team. I'm smelling super bowl for no wait. But again. WQA. GD hear that? That was good. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is QM? Sounds like me. That's real. Yes sir. McIllum Wayne. Yes a lot of people. Feel that way. 567. 0560. 556. 18. And Verizon Wireless Line. WQA. Yes sir. I just thought about it. I want to do it. WQA. Hello. Yes sir. Is. Since you may piece with more is Josh now sit down with more to or not. Is George going to sit down with most of his life? Is he on his life? He's going to be like a good. Paul Winshal and Jerry Mahal. He's the one who's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. He's going to be on his own. Am I right? Okay. But it's a radio show. And everything is lightened up several degrees. And we've got an understanding. Oh, speaking of we got an understanding like the Bishop said in the Godfather 3. No, no, no, I got this story. Where is it? The church review of whether woman Catholic Bishop started doing enough to prevent sex abuse show that at least 150, incredibly accused priest had moved out of their dies. These raising words that offenders are living unsupervised in places where most people are in a wrong thing about them. Among those 150 priests, auditors learned that 10 clergymen had left the country, some returning to home die-sees overseas, at least for them, couldn't even be found. The wereabotes of the rest of the group are known to church leaders. And the reports said that where possible, there should be a hand comply with the new policy and send confidential notices to the priest new die-sees that they got like a pervert hanging out there. But victim advocates say that sending a private letter was enough that church is leading potentially dangerous offenders roaming around unsuspective communities they see. And I think they are- That's the little bit correct. But what do I know? Let's see, now here's one message. I just wanted to say hi. I'm your nice Jewish friend. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She doesn't stop doing that, you know? She? Yeah. She's married to a- Yeah, whatever her name is. Oh, yeah, let's do it. She's married. Jewish. Suzanne, you don't have to keep doing that every 10 to 70 effects. It's a cute fact with goofy looking under his ass. It says anyway, I hate all Florida teams including the dolphins. It's about who is a richer and who is screwing up stupid. Oh, who is screwing who? Well, okay, whatever you say Suzanne, just calm down. She always starts out. I mean, you're a Mexican friend. Mary did a Jewish guy in home said, just say it's Suzanne. I'll know who it is. Suzanne. We've only got just a few women listen to them anyway. About 30 minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. And that's our question today for this South Florida audience. What's your take? And who'd like to take a shower with Dan Moreno? Joe Rose, as you'll have to push him out of the way first. No, you're smiling. They still hang it out together. They do. Think they hot tub it. They air it out. WCOM. Yeah, good morning, Neil. Just like Molina air it out on our differences. Yes, sir. Thank God, man. Nobody's putting the war over the dolphins fans. Right. Wow. Yeah, that was good today. Hey, they're going to be great man. This town is just bursting with energy. This is the best thing that happens is the Inventa Hall of Law. Since they started selling to Lupas on South Beach. WCOM. WCOM. WCOM line line line. There's nobody on there. WCOM. Hello. WCOM. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Where in this country can you get the image from news? Is there anything that actually gives you the MSBs? What does that mean? I'm just saying, what can you actually get the truth of them going on the internet? I'm being online. You will see BBC or BBC, but only if you got to get those on your directee and your disher whatever. It's amazing because I speak a piece of the mic. I have all those time. There's so many people who are just a brainwatch. No, no, anything that's going on. You can't even hold it in the television conversation. Of course, not the polo and Neil thing should have been one of the biggest bomb in the world. And instead, they come up with a set of feeding the media this crap about, well, maybe he broke the logs or felony this class of undocumented. And nobody's even talking about what he said. So why? You know, I'm not going to keep farting into the window or rest of my life. I did the best I could yesterday. I played the 60 minutes piece. And that's it. And nobody really cares. So, screw him. People really don't. And it's a shame because it's just the matter of time before it all blows up and half face again. But I hope this ruin went off across the board. And next year for a couple more people. Okay, well, we'll make a special invitation for you. Thank you, sir. Good luck to you. 409. And Beast Boys are really proud of that in one hour, George. We got 409 votes. That's real fine. 409. Well, that's where we draw the line. No, just keep phone on there, baby. What's your take because we're going to send this to Wayne and show him that thank God the dolphin fans aren't getting the wool pulled over their eyes. It's a PR start to pacify dolphins, the hiring of Danny Boy 140. 34.2% that number is rising Wayne. They're not buying it. All this crap about well, he wouldn't give up all that money just to be a figurehead. Uh-huh. Danny's a winner. I like it 107, 26.1%. I couldn't give a Schmidt less. 81. It won't change the thing 62. And I smell Super Bowl 19. We're talking supercosets the important stuff. Super Bowl, I'm ring. Everybody's got to have that ring. Grab on the old brass ring and hold onto your thing. 4.6%. So when you had the two positive ones together, look what you got to it. 3.9%. Almost 31% say hey, this just smells pretty good. Well, let me smell it again, Danny. 5.670. 5.6. WQAM. 1. 10. 10. 1. WQAM. 1. 10. WQAM. 1. 8. OK, sir. Are we blessing this time? We got them. We got them. We know and Neil and Mom made up. And what more could you want? We're blind. We're blind. I went Sunday to the three Kings Parade and I went to the three Queens Parade myself. I got a four year old son and then they was just a politics fest. And you know who came down the street, Ilia and the Roth Letterman. I went to wave them my son and I got to him shoot a party. And he shot her a birdie and you should have seen her lift just clicked. Good for him. I say he's the next mayor of Miami man. Absolutely correct. I'm not sure what the real thing is. I don't know what the real thing is. I don't know what the real thing is. But we have to be clear we have to be clear. I just love God. Thank you everything. I'm forks on the renal back. Praise Jesus. Absolutely. All right. In fact, what's that line about. About bush. Which one. The one with boka brown. Wreys says praise bush like Jesus. Praise Danny like Jesus. George was saying before to show that maybe we ought to have like a church. Church of the dolphin. Sure. Church of the dolphin and we can have a gigantic city that big statue of myrre or whatever. Right, you can have Shula on the crucifix. Shula, Shula. Oh, and then they heard something. Call this one was it this morning or last night. I'm going to go to the track. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah, it was last night called eddy k. By the way, any hangs up on everybody. That's the reason I like him. He hangs up on everybody. Good. But then, of course, he's only got the same for cranks. But he hangs up on home. But anyway, he had somebody same. You think Shula's coming back now? I mean, Shula, the shoes might be coming. Yeah. Yeah. And Danny and Donna, whatever. And he just turned 96. I got a look for something else to do. I'm sure, like maybe you have somebody changed your bag, don't. The brain stem. Wouldn't that be something? See, this is the dolphin situation. Let's keep going back in the past. In fact, how about Danny and quarterback next year? Yeah. He's going to be giving all that money, as well. He can like run up into the stands before the game and make all the decisions. And race down there through the entrance on the field with standing Go, patient. Here comes number 13. Damn, we know. Huh? They should just be permanent since they're not going to win anyway. I mean, I think when they put that statue in front of the stadium, and with the first time that a statue was ever built to it for a statue. One minute and a half. Here's the course we need to find 60. You a m. Kick the bat dead, whitt sniffing glue. He goes on a rastrogal and bark. Ooooo! Mounting off the walls and a real hat group. He goes on a rastrogal and bark. Fuck! He goes on a rastrogal and bark. He goes on a rastrogal, fuck! He goes on a rastrogal and bark. I'd roam from God, ate for lent or rotten. He goes on a rastrogal and bark. Florked in and papa didn't eat galactic. He goes on a rastrogal and bark. Oh Oh Under the rug is where the stories go in He to the rush struggling Fuff Amid controls so they can fit in holding He to the rush struggling Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff Fuff of the day? You know what? You've gotten 20,000 calls on it. I have, yes. That had several scenes that paved the inane mentality of my Miss Sports Hole radio. The movie is at Best Media, okay? And if I told you who started in or worked a screenplay for the movie, you'd read no for a very. Oh, the Rascal House of Print Media, Dave Barry, who's syndicated. Even he syndicated all around the world. They print that crap. He, I might've been a sad again. My waste my time. Anyways, there are two separate scenes where two him and from out of town are sticking out their quarry from a parked rental car in the Gables while listening to a sports show. They stability to other quizzically as the deforest-esque host and a gator fan carry on a ponderous juvenile argument. 560 AM is clearly displayed on the radio's tuner as they switch it off in the scust. Oh, right. I'll shame on him. That part was funny only because we work here. Right. So two or three times during the movie, every time they pop at on it, the exact same conversation. Right. That was cute. I see. Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy. They be and Danny. That's our poll question today. I think we'll change the poll at noon. And we'll ask, I'll create another poll. I'll send Erica's different second poll about the Emo in the over union. Okay. Well, I mean, don't you think that's an equal of what's your great importance? What's your take? Right. We ought to do a whole series of asking you what I think is more important. Oh, I knew that's right. I've got the thing in your case. Not even a contest. But I will say this. We've really struck a raw near here at Nerva. And you've 445 in just slightly over an hour. They're smoking about this man. They're smoking the good stuff right now. Roll it up in the Harold. By the way, you'll get cancer if you do that. What's your take on the Dan Reno hiring about the dolphin organization? 445 big fat juicy votes in fact. I know it's going to change on me again. So like I said, 400 and 52 votes. See they're coming in chunks. It's a PR. And by the way, people think, well, that's not really a lot of votes on those polls every day. If we didn't have the AOL problem, we'd have thousands of votes every day. Right. Now, let me ask you this. Seriously. Why is it? Well, really when you compare the number of votes we get, other would not talk a nationwide or worldwide like CNN stuff like that. But would like other local polls, even like newspaper polls, we kick ass. Sure. Yes. We put them to shame. Even though I was reading the New York Post poll one day after, well, that's New Yorkers 15 million people. They're, you know, it was like it was in the middle of the day. And bear in mind that I know. I'm a man who would be under votes on it. And many of those other polls that you're talking about, they don't have the kind of safeguard that we have to prevent people from voting twice. Right. So people can just click on it multiple times and still they have less of a result. I see. Anyway, 450 to just over an hour, the people are really forming about this. It's a PR start to pass by dolphins. 145. 32% almost a third of the audience. You turn. Then is a winner. I like it. 119. Let me lick his pits. I couldn't give a shit less 94. It won't change the thing. 74 and I smell Super Bowl 20 were smelling Super Bowl because 560, 0560, pound 560 on the eighth and 10. And Verizon, I remember that the one year and there was Tony cigarette out there doing his little cheerleading thing. We're talking Super Bowl. They had a whole special thing on the channel six. Did they win the Super Bowl? No, they go to the Super Bowl. No, no, did they come close? Oh, well, there's line nine. It's always a hoot. WQIM. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm sorry caught me off guard. I just wanted to tell you that I'm a woman that listens to you every single day. And yeah, and the only reason that the women don't call so much is because we're busy working. We got things to do. Yeah, I've only one of them is not filling out arbitrine diaries. No, because we don't have any women listening. So they say, okay, well, I'm definitely one of them. Every day I listen to you. Also, I just wanted to tell you that my mother listened to you and I met you in the early 80s. I'm sure that'll make you feel very good. And I love listening to you very old. I know, I'm sorry. But you know, you're raising generations of listeners here. And I like to listen to you. Our, she always says a good job when you're gone. And I appreciate you reading the news. It's always very interesting. Okay. Have a great day. And back to you. Bye, bye. Probably the good calls are my line nine. What's it a while? What's in a blue moon? Five, six, seven, five, six, what's your take? Come on, folks. Here's your chance. Give it a shot. We got a shot. W to Q a. And hello. That's real stuff. W to Q a. Hello. Yeah, but Marine are running the dolphin. There's like a play by a guy trying to do a morning show. Oh, no. See they just wanted to lie. They won't let sleeping hogs lie. Bastard. W to Q a. Hello. W to Q a. M. Hola. Okay. W to Q a. Hello. And don't yell. Are you okay? Another woman that listens to you religiously. Now, one ever sends me any arbitrar on things. The fire is nothing. Are you speaking wrong language for that? Well, yeah, good point. But I just wanted to say, listen, every single day I've listened for the day today. Just love you. And it's the seven sound like schmoozing too much. Could I possibly get a shooting list request? Maybe. Sugar shockers. Sure. Okay. Seven really great day. You got it. Go that. Yeah. Like, Oh, shouldn't I say, you got it. We'll have another inquisition. Yeah. Clarence still has to come in here. Well, so to complain about that. Well, he blow it out to your ass. Clarence grow up already. Wait, you overgrown the quizling. He is just really bugging me. How could he be the program director of a major market radio station? Spoons. He said to silly goose. All I guess he's, uh, you know, he's got the inside track. Back to him. W to Q a. M. Hello. Hey, first day I like to say, all the women that are calling you are probably fat Harry Carp and Munchers. How do you know that? I just thought. Oh, anyway. Could be by doubt it. The thing that I don't know, you're not fat. And Harry. I. The thing that you want to see off the right now. I think. We're a pipe smoker. Go ahead. The thing that pisses me off the most. He's rising. Every time he's on TV, rising, rising, Oh, Wayne Wayne, baldy. Yeah. Right. He's always talking to you like a stern father. Right. He's always lecturing. Wayne, I. Wayne Wayne. Yeah. Right. The only event that I would ever pay to see from him is to see him being beaten with a rubber hose by the custodian from the pier 60 60 ohms or Alan fun. That was great. I pay for that too. Oh, man. Let's give them on Candid Camera right away. That's the thing. I'll let up. That's beautiful. Why is everybody so hostile with Alan fun? What do he ever do? That's just that one guy. Adam, that's his thing. Oh, it's him. Yeah. They are. Not just him. I've had other people. It's him. Well, he leases got his own thing. Okay. At least he's got his own thing. Okay. At least he's original. Something different. Okay. And plus the guy's dead anyway. So he doesn't give a crap. 21 till noon at 5 60 WCM. How's Katrina doing? Are we going to see her? Oh, he's good. What? We're got to run her down. Yes. Well, run her down the the Sanctanone and get her ass on a scale. And am I. Here. The parking lot. Part of the same. She lost 15 pounds because I'm sure she's lost more than that on balance for life. And you can do the same. And of course, during the holidays, everybody I speak to. And as is well, during the holidays, I packed on eight pounds. I'm not what I mean enough with that already. It's bad. Not only is it look bad or you've fed as a cow. But it's unhealthy too. And you get. That diabetes and all kinds of bad things. No fun. Just for life can up. He lose that weight because it's based on the zone diet. They deliver right here. Dole every morning by 6 a.m. that little black sack. That's the key. So you don't have to buy anything in the supermarket. No calorie counting. No shopping. No carb counting. No that crap. They do all accounting for it. And they prepare fresh delicious goodies. Nothing frozen. Nothing pre-fed. No antivs. Three hormonally balanced gourmet meals. Two delicious. Not even a 16 ounce bottle of water. Are writing a little black sack. And like I said, deliver right to you every day. Even Dr. Ackens. Dr. Bobby Ackens is changing his tune. Kind of hard to hear it now from down in that box. But if you listen real carefully, you'll see. He's saying now that the zone diet makes a lot of sense. So get with the real controlled improvement way. Laws and e-healthy lifestyle. The balance for life program. Only choices you have to make are once a week. You fill out a menu. You facet back to them. And that's the food you're going to get. It is delicious. So you'll start seeing results on that scale in a matter of days. If you get on his right away. Call him today. Balance for life. And make your news resolution. Are we out? Leave this year once in for all. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 2 29. That's 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 29 or check him out on the web at balanceforlife.com. The line and law. This is course way of 5 6. You way. Yeah. Even though the x-wife a record producer, Phil Spectre, and said nothing but me, a hateful thing for the past 29 years. The former runnet has apparently changed her tune. Oh, child. I mean, to tell you, this is a good man. Even though Phil kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but race in our skills. If I got there, even though he beat me when it finished in my life, when it's choked here like canvas, hot hot converse makers. That's a good man. I don't believe he can't let anybody. These are way though purpose. But wait, I'll be a parent at a late childhood movie on New Year's Day. In a lobby from Street Hill Park. I'll be singing VMA VMA VMA VMA VMA Lil Baby. Woo child. I still got the pipes. It's a charity show to benefit me. And of course, this was for the children. There's a pretty good chance my friend, Eddie Money, may swing by. The LTRI to take me home today. Oh, I scared myself, but my mother is boy. Anyways, these choices against my ex-husband, it's fully home, home, home, home. Show he tried to kill me once, but not by his own self. He hired a kill man. That's totally different. We had a different agreement about me on the E.P. Fixie Fix instead of sour skittles down in the basement. And he flew off the hammer and hired a kill man. I was bruised, but not died. Incontutions, let me say this. Failed back up, but in the spot my hand. Until not proven innocent by a jury of 12 people who don't like his 2 pay. I blame Palmer Cotney for this incident. For putting out the naked album and taking all the hard work by my ex-spel and leaving it off the regular down on the floor. That's Cuckah, that's Pupu, and it drove until a killin. That he didn't do. I must go back to Morrow. Ronnie Spectre's opinion is not necessarily with what those of any right-taking person medication during the interview provided by Bristol Miners Webb. You know, 14 till noon at 5.60 W.C.M. So I got the new pull finger down here. But I'd say that this is pressure packed today. Who would have thunk it? I know people who say that. Who would have thunk it? But who would have thunk it? Yeah. That's a sports thing, isn't it? Who'd have thunk it? You know who used to say that D.F. I got it with me. I heard a little bit of D.F. yesterday during a break in our hangar. I was sitting in the parking lot at the Pompatopark. Waiting for February to shut up a momentarily. They're after. And there was D.F. On there. And he sounded just like D.F. Never stole a freight train. Well, he never stole a freight train. Okay. The Indians didn't have any freight trains. He might have taken one. Just with freight. He's all right. 510 votes on the D.F. What's your take on the Danny Boy pool? And then we're going to change it at noon. Here's the new pool. I'll give it to you right now. Give you a heads up. Heads up. What's your take on the new boat? I'll take on the Neil and more reunion. If you missed this story, I don't have time to repeat the whole thing. I'll just later on give a thumbnail sketch of what happened in the parking lot this morning. Totally unexpected. Totally unscripted. Totally unanticipated, especially after the rather frosty beginning. The rather frigid beginning of our meet. Yeah, your meet supposed to be frigid before you hang in the meat locker. It was a little on the cold side. There were a few F bombs thrown around. I got to play that. That's my favorite bid. Did you put that in your hope? F bomb. It's not in there. Oh. Yeah, you didn't bring it. Oh, no. I'm going back. This is not a real, this is only like a lady. I believe Neil Rodgers show here. You tell me what? They don't send the stuff here. Well, why not? They have to do it. But you have to go stand and you have to get it. They don't send it. They don't send it. Period. Maybe they don't like you. Maybe they know that Toronto is where it's asked. Oh, the weather is really cold again. Next couple of days. That's a good news for you. That's a good news for Josh. So we don't have to sit in there. Now, what does he do during this time when I'm here? This Josh Cortis. This? When I'm here. Oh, when he's got the web internet, the other, What is a QM website? Oh, that's the promotion stuff. His other duties. He does. He does. He's like the promotion assistant as he always has been. So he's got a few more hours doing the board here. What happened to the re-managed? Oh. Oh. Let's see. Fill across. Bricks is I have no, I have a well. And I've no problem with the polls. Well, that means that nobody else in your block is got it. Right. Oh, I guess it is voting before she does. In other words, she might be the whole springs as she. He. Boy. Fill a lot. He's a little confused. Fill. He's under a lot of stress. Yeah, if somebody you're like within about a six block radius of you votes on our pool, That's why we have a limited, I don't understand why, though. Well, and I do understand because they well sucks because they don't have enough, Bandwidth or whatever. They funnel various clients through the same trunk as it were trunk. I'm sure there's a technical type of thing. I said I could take the A well people and put them in a big trunk with Luca Bratzi. Because they suck A well sucks. Make no mistake of yours for your grandma. Right. A well is for like old-futty, dirty people. Nobody with any kind of a brain uses A well. Have a couple of friends at you, ZA well, but they mean well, even children laugh at it. Right. That's right. Little kids, little five-year-old kids with their first PC in between, look at it, then, Poor no, sorry, ZA. Say, oh, you're on A well. They giggle. They hear a lot. That's because they're looking at the Poor no, sorry. What's your take on the Neil and Mori Union? I got six choices, okay. Wow. I'm shocked, but please. I'm shocked, but this made. I don't give a Schmidt. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. I want he get recognized. I wrote that for my own benefit. We don't need the M in Schmidt. It's great for QAM. Great reason to them this long ago or who's Mo. What? I think I covered all the bases. I like to cover all the bases from A to Z. Because they say that in Canada. Yes. They say that. I got to tell you very funny story about that. I'm on a phone with, um, what the hell airline was it? Maybe it was your Canada. I'm doing one of those frequent flyer deals, you know? And they wanted the number. And the last letter, it was like something something A Z. Or you said Z. And I said Z. Then they fast me the confirmation of it. And it's like they put A, B or something. Anything but Z, right? Something Ryan would Z. And when I call back to correct it, because I want to make sure they I got credit for the frequent flyer miles. They said, oh, you mean it's six A Z? I said, oh, yeah. Yeah, Z. That's what I say. That's what I say. I don't think man. The connects were like the British thumb for so long under the thumb. So they say Z. That's cute. Then I'm on the line with the North West or something KLM. And the North West of course is in the US. And I said Z. And they, uh, what you just said? I said Z. And they were seeing red. They went to Africa. And when that's going to be the poll at noon. Now that we got well over 500 votes on this. I think we got the definitive answer on this. The Danny pool. This town is smoking about it. 500 and how many? But 30 minutes. 530 votes Georgian an hour and a half. Staggery. It is amazing. That's more votes in Georgia. It's on his pulls in a month. 530 votes. What's your take on the Dan marino hiring? I remember that. I thought that hanging. He's hung. It's a PR start to pass if I doll fans. 168 31.6%. Wayne's going to come your house and beat you up if you don't change your mind. Would you change your mind? No. Oh, Danny's a winner. I like it. 27. See, I don't even know what that means. I heard people call him and say that Danny's a winner. Well, he's not playing, though, see. And what he was? He was a winner. Okay. Not a Super Bowl winner. Oh, a winner. Well, he don't have that ring. And that's what Wayne says. Now that we want to strike line that was. Well, I'd like to see him. Maybe get a Super Bowl ring this way. Like through the back door. Maybe he could order one. I think when he said to the back door, I imagine. Back them. I couldn't give a Schmidt less. I'd change it again. 116 couldn't give a Schmidt less. It won't change a thing 84 or 15%. It won't change a thing and it won't get you to ring. And I spell Super Bowl 23. So let's see, positive 31.5%. And a negative way or don't give a crap that the rest. Out of 545 votes. Wow. Heavy, heavy, heavy. Doodie, you could smell it. You know line one's good and that's going to be a delta. Because that thing just cuts off. That's right. WQAM. Hey Neil. Told you. Yeah, the Danny, the Danny thing. Yeah. Only ring, the only finger he's got the need is the middle finger. His money starts screwing up and the dolphin from those in the fans. He's going to hate him like everything else. Yeah, they're going to turn on him like they do here. Yeah. Went to Pomp and OD Saturday night. Yeah. It's a card game. Hard room there. Much of the jittering gamble. There. What the fuck are you? All right, man. I'm out. This guy didn't sound nearly enough to old enough to be in that poker room. Well, that was old cockers in there, but nevertheless, maybe he's in training. 560, 560, Brad Kramer is gone by the way. The only problem is he's in Northfield. Like the cash you took it on Brad last night on the summer cast. Did I cash any tickets at Pomp and OD Park? No, I don't know. Maybe not really. Pretty kind of pretty tough. Pretty tough to catch is it Brucey this race. Is it Walley? Is it Kevin? Is it Joe? Is it Kevin? Is it Brucey? Brucey and Walley? Danny and Jimmy? Yeah, I don't know. I don't know who's turned it is this. I mean, WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I do this. Pretty good. Oh, I have a well, but I don't use this when I go in here. I use the internet explorer. Right? I get WQAM perfect. You bet. It sounds a lot better on the internet than it does not crackly on a M.A. radio. So, hey, I want to tell you. I was, I'm sorry. I was one of the airports facing the Netherlands. And when I was there, like 12 years ago, a Skipple airport had tons of security. I mean, guys with machine guns and stuff. Not anymore. I'm not a thing there in 12 years. I'm just wondering what's happened to the place. It's a beautiful airport. You could probably have your own machine gun and walk right through there now. They've been even looking at you. Oh, really? I was in the airport and they like it scored at me. I'll be playing to my designated driver from the base. Yeah. Now, I mean, I'm just, when you tell me all this stuff, I'm like, wow, this is a mild surprise. Pretty big turnaround, man. A little disappointing. Well, I'm going to get on there. I'm going to get on there. I'm going to get on there. I'll go through the right. I want to tell you, I'm having a wonderful time. I'm doing an air from my manager and listen to you. I'm cracking up. Thank you so much. You're making my day. I'm a breath of pressure. Thanks a lot, Palay. I'll still be in Donkivell. Put scenes. What do you laugh at about this? 5, 6 words in a Dutch? What a horrible language. I mean, you know. It's just, it's so sad. If they would put me in charge of Amsterdam, but that would be a great place. Yeah. No, I'm serious. I get all that scum off the streets. That would be the first thing I would do. I get all that. Ross the trash off the streets. Okay. You've never seen nothing like it. So anywhere you'd say holy crap. Even a druggy like you would just be offended by it. I've been to Liberty City. No. Overtown. No. No. The growth. In fact, the red light and parts of the red light district in Amsterdam make overtime look like Las Vegas. Wow. Look like the French Riviera. I've never been there. But I'm just one. You've got an idea. Well, you said French right. I said five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Let's get these Danny Boy comments in their way. And he's listening right now. He's monitoring your conversations. And he's got Chris Moran on their to censor on. I'll never forget during that Brian Murray stuff going on. Remember those days? Oh, yeah. And there was Chris Moran on a Brian Murray show eight o'clock in the morning sitting there. Screening the calls censoring out the calls from the Panther fans. That was one of the lowest points in the history of QAM. I'm pathetic. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Like to talk to the old speaking. Hey, Neil. I was wondering what your cake was on the Danny and Dave. David Danny. David. I already took what this morning. I had a big I took one. It was great. Well, no. I had to get it out of my system. I think it was part of the part of the catharsic. Effective my encounter with Mo. This morning and a parking lot of our reunion. I want to get all the bad vibes. Evil spirits. All the evil spirits out of my body and my rectum. And I think I succeeded. There was somebody sitting very surceptively and quietly next to me in the big handicap the zone. Yeah, you don't shout out. No, on this wall. Because they were motionless. In other words, when I usually hear somebody rustling a newspaper or like maybe cut in a little tea. That's what it's really good to take. I think the flats of your hand and bang real hard on the wall there on the sign. No, actually, when I got done, I did get up and intentionally hit my elbow against the side of the bug. I got no response. I saw black shoes. In fact, I could probably identify who was crap in the next to me there by the shoes. But right possibly, but anybody friendly. I was going to say friend or foe. Now, in the past, I would have just said friend or mo. But no, seriously, you don't believe me. You don't believe me. I give him credit. And I said it to him right to his face. Because I'm one of those people all say right to your face anything. And I'll say, I thought you're going to beat the crap on him. I didn't do it. But I said, I said, I give you credit for initiating the conversation. And I'd mean that. Yeah, you're a manch. I wouldn't have done it. Well, I mean, I tried to do it before, but that was a Greg Reethon. Hey, Greg, you're an idiot man. Everybody voted on that and they agreed. My life and local career sports video, five, sixty-two and two a-hat. Which is Don Schueler. And I sound like Bob Hope on that, say. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th one hour whatever it is. The final thing I'd like your own man of 96. Now through the standpoint that can go. If you could dollar the dollar of a tattoo, go. If you say, I'm a party guy, murdered boy. Oh, when you take him to the back, it's just a graduate. What the heck, God? Hang on, oh, right. Hang on, that man gets hit, God. Take your low, low, G-lipses. I've got a whole thing down that I can tune a page. Thinking of a big role of his friend. He told me about the spell, if you tell where it's at. Hey, you're an angel. Hey, you're an angel. That's how you get him to go. Girls just are handling bad guys. She know how to make the ball bed dry. That that chick's a shower now. Who would need this gift, my daughter? Oh, no, no, no. Hey, you're an angel. Hey, you're an angel. You're an angel. Come on, three and five, 60. Do you have any of you who have heard the final total on our first poll this morning? And you can continue talking about it. We'd like to hear your take. Hey, we've had great calls today. I mean, none of them were talking about the real thing, but that's okay. 582 votes. What's your take on the Dan Marino hiring by the Dolphins organization? It's a PR stunt to pacify Dolphins, 184, 31.6%. And of course, anybody knows, including Wayne, that there were many, especially season ticket orders, becoming really disenchanted after back to back side by each year as a missing of playoffs. And after knowing that Dave wants that is totally incompetent. He must have naked pictures of Wayne with the Billy Goat. Then he's a winner. I like it. 161. Are you trying to say it's cold in here? No, it here. Oh, it's a little chilly in here too, and I didn't, I didn't the dick with that. Oh, it happened. Oh, the thermostat either. Well, then he's a winner. I like it. 161. I couldn't give a Schmidt less. 121. Almost 21% of this crowd said, who cares? It won't change a thing. 93. 16% and I smell Super Bowl. 23. Wasn't that Troy Stratford's number? Yes, can we? On the Dolphins. 23. I believe so. Hey, Troy, time to suit it up again. Baby, I think Danny will assign him up. Sign up and suit him up. Huh? You know, they have the seniors golf league, though. I mean, he kind of like counterbalances the Ricky Williams hairdo with his adieu. Huh? Right. So it's time to do do do do do baby. 582 do votes on the pool. Pretty. 582 votes in an hour and a half. Incredible. That should be the headline and the hero tomorrow. And by the way, speaking of the headline and newspapers, what do you think is on the front page of the hero today? I don't know. Danny. Ha ha ha. Look at that. I'm back home again. There's Danny. Look at the front of the sports section. There's Danny and there's the Rick Skoor Teno and there's Wayne. And what do you think's on the front of the Sun Sentinel? I don't know. Danny. He's back. And a Johnny either. Look at that. There's Danny with the Zarmus Folder and the very serious luck. See, he's not messing around. He's got the serious look on his post. I don't think he's going to win. I don't think he's going to win. Larger not there on the headline. Oh, he's like. You would have thought WWE 3 just broke out. Are you going to thought that we're all going to get $10 million in cash as you give from Wayne or something like that? But no. Big headline just to make sure I know I'm back in South Florida. Okay, the new pull is up. What's your take on the Neil and Mo reunion that occurred this morning in the parking lot? 15 votes. Who's Mo 5? I don't give a Schmidt 4. I'm shocked, but this made 3. Greg Reachon had done this a long time ago too. I'm shocked, but please won. It's great for QA. I'm not. It's just the preliminaries. Now. Guess who ought to hook up and have a long chat with our close friends. Go ahead. Howard Dean. You want to know why? Okay. Why? Because he says he's tired of being the pin cushion. Well, if anybody we know is a human pin cushion, it's that bitch in sales. Is that what they call her? Human pin cushion? That's one of the things. Yeah. Anyway. Howard Dean from under an apacchanide democratic presidential candidates has last added his opponents. The binding Iowa voters head of next Monday's. Can you believe it's next Monday already? Good. The Iowa. You're not scared at over with already. Uh, then he opposed the war in Iraq a year ago and labeled himself the owner candidate wanting to stand up to President Bush. Remember who stood up to George Bush first. He said it wasn't anybody from the city of Washington DC. He said referring to federal candidates, John Edward John Kerry and Dick Gibhart. At a stop Monday and not President Iowa, Dean Press is attacking and was going on the offensive against his democratic rivals. He said, I'm tired of being the pin cushion here. He's there to get in stock. See, this is what I was talking about yesterday. It goes to show you how bad his advisors are. Regarding pointed comments during a debate tonight before by the Reverend Al Sharpton, who criticized Dean for not having had an American, African American or Latino and his cabinet's Vermont governor, Dean said he wasn't prepared for it. That's not good. No, but maybe it's honest. But maybe honest, but but a week it shows week organization week preparation. If he's going to be the candidate in debating against Bush, you can't say, well, this wasn't ready for that question. In a black and brown debate, that was almost entirely not entirely, but mostly a dedicated to questions concerning minorities and Regretion all of these things. How could you not be prepared for that? How could you not know that somebody, especially when a candidates are allowed to ask each other questions and are mostly pointing at him because he's the firm runner and are going after his ass. How could you not be prepared for that? You'd have to have like a bunch of morons advising you, which is why I think he's slipping a little bit. Take it right, that advice. Anyway, he says he's rejuvenated ready to fight saying that when people attack and every due in it's being a big hurry. He said, I sure hope so for your sake. Howard, rejuvenated. Now, Paul O'Neill, Shesh. Is that that? Trader, liar, what's the guy? The former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill under fire for criticizing President Bush's leadership denied today his taken secret documents from the Treasury. On Monday, only hours after when he acquittesized the President on CBS television, the Treasury Department said it's inspecting general was investigating how a document marked secret was shown during the interview. Speaking on the today's show on NBC, the Treasury Secretary said today that the documents were given to him by the Treasury's chief legal officer after he requested them to help former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Suskine, right at book on Reel's time at a cabinet, which is out today, by the way, what's the name of that book? Why can't I remember the name of that book? I don't know. I'll find it. And all these articles, they did just talk about that book. Anyway, Ron Suskine, I can't imagine you've got too many new books coming out. I said to him the general counsel I'd like to have the documents that are OK for me to have, about three weeks later, the general counsel chief legal officer sent me a couple of CDs, which I frankly never opened. He resumed above above above. I don't honestly think there's anything that has classified in those 19,000 sheets that are kneeling only that the cover sheet showed on TV board the word secret. Not classified, but it just says secret on the cover. It looks sexy. We didn't even see what anybody said. Right. So this the fact you could take any sheet of paper with a big rubber stand and put secret on it. Well, we're going to investigate that. And again, try to turn in tables because you brought the President out of the closet and the best part of it is the media doesn't care. Because they got bigger face to fry. That is to printed material either, you know. Like audio recordings can be stamped. Secret like this show. Right. Secret show. Oh, it's secret. Don't let it out. Now where's all the response and Danny and David here? Come on, I mean, this is your dolphin station price of loyalty. Who's that? Who? Eric? What's wrong with your, what's wrong with the microphone that it won't go on when I press on? Do I have to? Thanks, Eric. The price of loyalty is the book I run such got it's out today. I go out and get out grab. I'm going to go out and give me one and a book two. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM. Yeah, that's the thing to get speaking. Neil. Yes. Just want to follow up with you. There was something that you brought up last week and I was just, I want to make sure that you were able to take care of it. Um, thread very neatly. Right, we got, we got that. Oh, you did. About 400 times, but that's okay. Thank you. Fred, very played rerun. Really? That's all I've got. What's happening? What's happening? And don't get that choke infused with the other shoulder was going to be aah. Without one, not exactly the same. The post was a relative, but not same. 53 quick votes here on this pool on our second pool. Let's hop on this. Okay, we'll get to the Jimmy and Danny and Dave and the douchebag stuff. Let's bring back Jimmy Johnson. Choice trafer. David, what do you think? Uh, who else? Mercury Morris, my favorite. Mercury Morris, he can bring us the good stuff. Huh? He can get that team. He can handle the truck lines before the game. Let's bring back Larry Zonka. Oh. Jim Kick. Paul Warfield. Paul Warfield's one of the people who are interviewed for the GM job. They probably all wanted some serious money in and wins as well. We decided that we had the best guy inside. It's just like with the Panther organization lying to you about, Oh, well, we're interviewing Larry Robinson and they never had any intention to go out and get in the real coach. Because of it, it cost them money. So Rick, who put the dud in Dudley, he'll be the coach to the end of the season. You can bet Denise Pat fans life on it. That Rick, who put the dud in Dudley will be the coach to the end of the season. Come hell or hi water. And then I mentioned yesterday I think I did. I got about 7,000 free tickets for the Montreal game for work. That's what it is. Oh. By the way, where's our friend? The other one. What does that mean? I mean, is that better call? Yeah. I mean, it's not like a great emergency. But he better show his answer. Oh, I'm going to tell everybody who is dead. He is off the air course. Once you're taken on a kneel and more reunion, it was a major event here in the QM Parking office morning. I noticed Greg wasn't around to see anybody else in the building. Saw to you, even the power 96 people were talking about. Are you ready for that? Are you ready for that? Sure. That is shocking. There's no medicine. Kid Curry probably went practice. He's got a big mouth. Almost as big as Anna squeeze. As. In fact, the two of them had well. 61 votes. I don't give a Schmidt 20. I'm shocked and this made. Shocked but this made 16. They're just made. Who's Mo 11? Great reach to the dentist a long time ago. 7. That was my vote. This could have been taken care of a lot. And I volunteered to do it. Mo agreed to do it. But no. Not Greg. He's got too many. He's too important for that stuff. You know, he can't change his schedule. He can't accommodate this. You don't have a choice, Mr. I mean, are you running and saying the son of a guy damn radio station, Greg? Anyway, 22 don't give a Schmidt. Shocked but this made 18. Who's Mo 13? Greg read the 9. Shocked and pleased eight. And it's great for QM 2. Thurs. Huh? Thursday. Thursday. That other thing. He's probably taking care of one of our friends. Nursing him back to health. 12 13 at 5.60 WQM. If you're in a really dead end job man, if you're underpaid, if you're not making the squad. New years resolutions don't just happen automatically by remote control. Gotta put your plans to do action. So call our friends at fast train today. Tool free at 1 8 6 6 fast train. It's fast train. It's in Todd Drek. Probably here at Daltone real quick right after you say that. Places are under way right now. So if you're committed and dedicated fast train can up and becoming a certified computer professional in just four count them four short months. That's right. Get you a new high paying computer career in just four short months. The demand for certified computer professionals right now is in an all time high. And to make it real easy for you. Factory and offers you convenient day evening weekend classes job placement as systems. Financial aid for people who qualify too. And because they have locations all over town, there is bound to be a fast train location close in your buy you. So check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then make that call. Domest to train of opportunity this year. Get yourself a real career with four months of great training and start with a big fat paycheck damn soon. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train. My life and love. This is for 205. And lips are temporary. Ch completo like that. Okay, yes. And tell me. To be, we help you. I'll go like that guy. I know. Like I know. Okay, I got a question Jimmy and Danny situation. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and lows Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and me. David Wartley. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. And Danny. Jimmy and Danny. David and the Wayne and Rick discussed. One. Going to sit. J messing that up. Then go. Jerry, you are going to hear it?eries in Gaw Hippogand. So two people are winning this way. My voormansized. Remember the October 8. No, we're not. We don't want to do no sports nerd show. But we'll listen 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line 109 votes already on this pool. What are they? They're energized today, man. What did I tell you? It's lucky 13 today Tuesday the 13th Then in Reno's 13 Right right Michael Jackson says 13's a little too old That's the big number today What's your take on the needle and more reunion? I don't give a shit 32. All right I'm shocked but this may 26. How come I'm not surprised by that? See they like the hate shirt? I told him that I said well He thank you for telling me about letters death threats and stuff. I said welcome to Miami Howard Yeah, welcome Well, welcome. Hey, welcome to the city of hate. I was talking about the burial bolt left days Hey, W. snooze and the big legal yellow pants filled with death threats Welcome to soft Florida, man. We're everybody hates each other. Yeah So they're not too happy about it. Who's mode 24? I'm shocked but please 12 Greg Richard done this long time ago 11. I bet you that I bet you're clearance in And moth voted both for that All probably not because I can probably Bob Vermuth would trace their vote on their computer How you're in T he's got his warm and all the computers in this building. He's like his warm in it And it's great for QA and many four people said that well, maybe I should have put another way It's bad for QAM now. Let's put another one on era Eric. Can we do that? Don't you think that's a good idea sure. It's bad for QAM right they love the hate because it's a great controversy I mean we'll still have a plenty of new move bits Sorry today. I'm just starting today. Well, that's right with little book or Brian shows up he can turn around and go home and Well, no, I mean I don't have no uh nothing for him today You got him to check back with you so he yeah, he can give you the comment but I'll be here next Tuesday Right you think I'm gonna turn around or run back in that cold weather It's gonna be nasty as soon as I see like minus a whole bunch in front of the weather. I'm not the anxious for that no mold No, I hate that first after last Friday and when we were talking minus Celsius. I mean, we're uh Yeah, I minus 20 version cold not good colder than our Mars. Yeah Although they do have a lot of good Mars bars and Toronto. I'll tell you one thing in Canada to me You can say whatever you want think I great ice cream and candy ice cream and candy I am They do well at back bacon and Canadian ham and baby back ribs. Hey, if you got your run fulfilled Potski business, we know it's history what the potty got everyone now now forget about that They got the new run fulfilled a bigger one for all the people on the Actions and I show they were making the sausages and those baby back ribs and they The road not to the more you guys and all other stuff Actions isn't amazing though. We and you're right about the marketing Once he spoke man those are the people that took over the Actions of the college said that they are well he was right there everywhere They're just all over the place subway Sure cashin in yeah, I wouldn't even be surprised if mom has an actin's lunch for me today. She better have She better have her I'm gonna throw out her bag WQA WQA. I'm hello Order Neil Neil and Howard Howard and Neil Excellent I like it You like it All right 567. Oh 560 560 on he Eat the Nt and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello combat WQAM Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, it's real. Yep. Yeah, you know, you know what I want the subway to leave the other damn Constance wrap yeah, you're talking about so much We're doing reactions wrap now Yeah, but I read the fine print and accept that it that it's not it doesn't work if you use it on the induction bias So it really you know, I just started a week ago on these screwed me up how do you like that? Yeah, it's got too many it's got too many carbs. Yeah, sounds a bit just yeah bastards Okay, don't go and don't do it again No food in here baby. I had my uh interest dive better drink this morning right How to bag of pork rinds and you had a bag of pork rinds. I don't know card You can have the pork rinds on the acorns, but they're they just tear your mouth up and the number two They have no taste they're delicious, but no taste. These tastes like the plastic bag that they came in right exactly In fact, uh when you're finished with those if you're still hungry How many QAM hello Oh, yes, sir I'll talk about a You say it went quarantine out. Yeah, and I don't know if you know Do you know the risk quarantine on it? Yes, Jackie. Yeah, I grew up with it. That's why when the I didn't just say it twice Even as well as Jenny was just really weird. He really took me down memory away Remember the great year that Jerry had a call her great year or two and then he had a little bit of a problem, but uh he was good Yeah, it was good I actually was Ricky that was the The jockey is probably I think it was a Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick right. Yeah, I was just that just I was also there kind of Born and raised down here, so I remember when you threw a live broadcast from teachers right So I'll see that one that's why I'm saying it because most of these people it's like a little joker among us because most of these people don't over who were sports in a way so Okay, okay Yeah, yeah, I met Rick's quarantine. Oh build Carter who of course was a great third by racing fan Bill when I used to work eight to mid-a-dine and he used to do overnight. He had the Rick as a guest on the show when I saw got changed to medium I think I think it was after he met me that he developed a problem well, I see what it is is a lot of those guys. He started making a lot of money Yeah, I know I'll kind of auntie auntie start making a lot of money and some people goes to their head and some people just goes to The front of their head, but he a lot of money to blow 24 past noon at five sixty wq and what's your take on the needle and moe reunin which happened this morning The q and parking lot most unexpectedly unanticipatedly Starting out with little f bomb here and f bomb there. I can't believe you don't have that this place blows 143 votes in 24 minutes. What's going on today? Huh? You almost get the feeling we might have somebody Listened if you were listening out there, but third man maybe Friday that book is coming out man. It's gonna be really ugly. It's gonna be so bad and you know something You didn't have to be that way either If Greg weren't such a such a an emotional cripple, I think that's the the kindest whack in a scrub our general manager He's an emotional cripple. He cannot deal with things head on. He can't look you in the face have a man demand earth the earth Conversation he can have a man to woman conversation. Ha ha that's an other story 149 votes What's your take on the deal moe reunin? I don't give it to me 48. Well, to you. How do you like that? I care Makes everybody's like a little bit a lot more pleasant In fact, I think it's gonna make a lot not just me and moe. It's gonna make it to the beginning. You see what I'm saying Right to brave new world right that's correct. It's just like when they took that wall down in Berlin Other Berlin wall I'm not talking about these rarelys. They keep building them up. I'm talking about in Berlin right when they took down the great wall of China same thing I don't give it to me 48. I'm shocked but this made 38 who's mo 28 I'm shocked but please 15. Well, thank God for that Greg we should have done this a long time ago 14. That's the correct answer It's great for QM5. It's bad for QAM1 You know who voted for that? I give up beast That's out of the first 149 votes. Yeah, the beast is an asshole man I told moe right during that conversation. I said you know you're right about that and you're defending him Is he one of your customers? Yeah, right? No, why do you defend him because I'm a nice guy I'm sorry. Oh, now you're getting like him. It's like the thing with Dave and boring Too many wimpy wishy-washy people here. It's it's no good look look at him. You look at him. I'm ready I'm looking at me look what all the strikes against it. You know what the word is for him pathetic Exactly what did I say to you before he listed sympathy like a limping dog look at him anything I oh He can't go blow him out of here because he's so fat and so useless and so gross and solving has your hair on his body Evolving ball dead Blurving ball the man Parents are the only place you could find it here in his worry is deep inside of a rectum Hairless ladies been examining with a flashlight Freak old anoscopy So yeah, he's got all that money. You know what he still can't get late right? Well, if you look like that when you expect to get late He he couldn't even get late with a freaking blow up doll That's right a damn reenupload dog the thing with deflate automatic Deflate just all the year We come right out of it. That's pretty deflating well there you go if you were blow up doll would you let him hop on your bones? No chance think about it. Fly out the window. No, he's he's just he need and the outside you're right there. His boyfriend enters the one who needs to straighten his ass out He I'm serious. He's the only one who can straighten it out That's right What a fuck while when he was looking when I'd flashlight I guess he found something Not much like a little nub Anyway, to man trying 12 27 at five 60. I don't think so. He was speaking a ball spot Wow, that's good a little more than carry the way with the ball spot if you I know here the here's the answer for him. Everything got like that big even Tom Brady I mentioned this a lot because Tom Brady looks pretty damn good anybody would agree with that But he's developing that male pattern ball this even good looking guy start getting that hair loss and they say Oh gee, I'm looking like 10 15 years older I'm not as desirable and hot as I used to be even if they were only really lukewarm the answer is Chuck Alfie or his natural hairline system you can waste thousands of dollars on the most expensive Implants and transplants and holes in ahead and then of course you can pop those dangerous pills Which might not grow any hair back what they might kill you or you can get Charlie's natural hairline system like the smart people are doing You can either look like Dennis Cassinence or I meant that's Dennis's problem if we could have come up with Charles Alfie or he before too long We could get him elected see what I'm saying Even we got Bob Eisenberg looking almost human before he wise up and got out of here call today Mechany Elijah which means the next bit to it above softy already low price and you get Charles Alfie or his natural hairline system with no obligation You have nothing lose with the shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day how many days You're in T after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting the head 15 20 40 times a day You can bring it back and just say hey here's your my hair back in me my money and no problem I don't think you'll want to though because you'll look better and younger than you ever dreamed again Call today for a free no obligation consultation call the Charles Alfie or he's do the os toll free at 1-800-321-2413 That's 1-800-321-2413 or log out of their flaming website at Charleslfeary.com My This is for 235-16 You way I urge everyone to complain to this station now from random thoughts publishing It's Ozzy Osborn's new children's book on tape mother fucking goose Kids will love all their favorites done as only Ozzy can deliver like the classic Jack Sprat Jack Jack Sprat could eat no Fuck his wife could eat no ring and So be quick some bowie's eat Thanks for making it to proud of clean and the timeless favorite three men in a tall Robert dub dub three men in a tub and who do you think I be? The butcher the bacon the candlestick make a cheats what the fuck are these three I'm doing and I'm talking to them I'm surprised one of them wasn't a fucking fudge back a man over 100 nursery rhymes interpreted and read by the prince of fucking darkness Ozzy Osborn There wasn't a woman who lived in a shoe What the fuck she doing living in a shoe this makes no sense of SON SON Mother fucking goose the new children's book on tape only from random thoughts of us for me from rancol I think you get a free copy with your pocket fisherman And you're our work to some regrille 23 at five sixty w two and we got the man dog at two they humped for Our windowman with hanked four four to five Orlando else the query the big oh at seven. Hella plenty to say most of which won't make any sense about the Danny boy Any k at ten and Joe and Marko overnight don't forget joins your cost double seven thirty nine thirty tonight at the sandbar grill in the grove 730 nine thirty stop by to win t-shirts and tickets to watch the panther flyer game Thursday night from the bud party zone at the amaccarina You go in where To the maccarina what are they given away nothing Bushman's fate offense with Canada. Well, thank God for that. I guess it's the the coast is clear to go back President Bush seeking to mentor relations with America's northern neighbors said today that Canada will be eligible for a second amount of u s finance Reconstruction contracts in Iraq a In a breakfast meeting with new Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin Mr. Bush said he told Martin of the shift in policy Martin looked at him and said boy this guy really is an asshole Martin understands the stakes in rebuilding free and peaceful Iraq mr. Bush said He offered no details of what the contracts would be worth Then the words all the good ones have already been come on how many loonies or Tunis they're getting sloppy sevens Martin is eager to patch up the crossboard of relationship after his predecessor Jean-Cretchen abstain from the Iraq war angry mr. Bush who like a pachel in child of course Stop eating that Canadian me right Canada and America have got special status by virtue of the fact that significant interchange in an hourly basis between our two countries mr. Bush said It's specialty cares because we share a long border in other words what he's trying to say is he can almost find Canada on the map Oh, yeah, he knows it's it's it's up there somewhere in it or somewhere by Alaska in the north pool. Let's Canada Hi, go on W Let's see what's his all writer actors spawning grain missing you know who that is. Yeah, you do sure he's missing missing what is he two teeth it's really the Allen spawning. I don't know from guiding light Maybe he's can do Rebecca on passions that bitch Police say right of an actor's spawning raise been me poor man boy poor. I'll pour Sheridan man for she was done in that pit for weeks and weeks and months Nobody ever told us did she Schmidt in the pit other even that or she's got tremendous self control She was in a pit. Yeah, you got a Schmidt and now she's in the rubber room Maybe that's why we haven't seen Greg maybe he's in there with the Sheridan try to nurse her back to health Police say writer and actor spawning raise been recorded missing Sergeant Michael Wysa Kowski is spokesman for the NYPD says and investigations begin police are searching for gray No further details that it may public The search is ongoing in both the York City where is an apartment on Long Island where gray 62 is live with his family For the past few years in North Haven, New York. I have no idea where there is Oh in Long Island the New York Times says authorities were notified about gray's disappearance on Sunday. He's got history of depression Link to injuries from a serious car accident in 2001 and according to the newspaper he attempted suicide in 2002 doesn't sound too good. Who is he? Oh, he's best known for his often woody on stage monologues talking about the peculiarities of life seen through the prism of his own and sometimes dark humor as in gray's anatomy a 1994 memoir based on assert his search for a cure for where eye disease which he has gray is co-founder of the Worcester group experimental theater group in New York Rotten acted in the 1987 autobiographical film swimming to Cambodia as the character Actory has dozens of other screen and TV roles including Kate Lee a poll the paper beaches and the killing field I remember that His brother Rockwell great professor English at Washington University in San Luis City last saw spouting around Christmas I wouldn't say it was in a happy state he said But it wasn't unusual he's been in a fairly depressed condition for some time. Maybe he's with Greg Maybe that's probably haven't seen you to wonder when quite a while There's book a Brian. He's not depressed anymore than usual or maybe he saw book a Brian and decided to commit suicide Oh, these depressed people. Yeah, aren't you tired of it all? Yeah, yeah Let's get this Danny line going again. Hey, what's wrong with you people man? This is one of those sports shows the phones were smoking earlier They were on fire and that first pull they were just ballistic now. Oh, old news 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line QAM Daniel Danny and Jimmy line. Yes Female listener from Darrell. All right You got on your poll about being dismayed about you and mow making up yeah, I mean just made I'm fired up and pissed and upset about it. Oh, are we gonna find out what color piece he's wearing? What does this mean fired up when I hear someone say that right? I'll still tell you What about his bag? I Had a hold it for him for a while this morning. Oh, okay, that's more like you I drew the line at emptying it out, but I did have to hold it for a little while I was sitting on that bench, you know I want to slip off what about his checker pants? He had him on okay. I also had a Dan Marine number 13 jersey on And he had a growth of beard on his post and I must say I lovely piece. He had the best looking piece he's ever had on the Maybe that's why we bonded so well That's it. That's what attracted you right. Maybe he had his true space Okay, he asked that by somebody had his pues piece but did he had the true space So it's over you guys are in the loveie w now. Yeah, what kind of oh Man, that's the work news of 2004. Yeah, okay Love you Neil see ya. Bye. Sorry sorry to disappoint Life what what are you looking at schmuck 195 votes What's your take on the Neil and more reunion? I don't give a schmet 63. Well, thank goodness shock But dismayed like her 45 not happy who's mo 37 Greg reach it on this a long time ago 20 long ago like November year ago November year or more than a year ago We could avoid all this murder and bloodshed all this hostility all this stress I'm shocked but please 17 it's bad for QA and 9 it's great for QA-Moli 5 See then remember to stand maybe on the ear they don't understand the question. I'm not gonna like we phrase it can't I'm driving a diaphragm We're talking like internally As far as on the ears for as the ratings too bad if you're listening to this radio station because Mo and I have hated each other and repeat each other and ask for less the year and a half That then you ought to find something else in like 850 what is it live 85 live 85? 85 all right, they were live 85 Big deal they suck Or how about the and I thought ESPN radio was going on 790 or somewhere Don't 790 at least not yet because I got a bunch of religious they got paid programming on there Heard some more getsky on there last night coming back from the track. By the way lost my acid pump at a parking last night We had an okay time was all right With nothing great Who could I bitch out who let a Bruce range your man Bruce? Let's get with it. Okay Used to be juicy Brucey now is like Lucy Brucey not good not too good last night Bruce Who else who else stuck the joint out hey wallie get a life wallie? You want to race? That's enough Kevin Kevin Wallace when you don't want him to win there. He is airy over and over. Hey Kevin Cut the crap Are you excited about what's having in pump and a mark Brian's eyes Brian series was down to run a holiday Keep dancing and went back up to the metal lines you better come back brown We need you badly we need you desperately that's what I'm hearing that's what fat rich said He's looking pretty good fat rich. I know a lot of people out there. He lost a little more weight He looks a little healthier got a little color back in his face good Derek was a sick again choking and puking sitting way at the end of the table During the break I'll tell you what he said about gulstries They They For bulk up. I don't know anything Whatever I want you'll sort of a bitch. Oh yeah listen well you just keep it mine one thing What ring boom man? I'm Flotting Oh Stench of Calvin or It's hovering over his room. What are you got to add to my buffet? La Hey Today we're going to do a video on what I want you to do Doma Doma geotbuilding the body Knock.... Let's take a card Cona from one of our three important batter all run We know. Hi, of course. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. Alright, I'm right. It's right. Wow, I'm exhausted. Give me a towel. 14 to 1 at 560W came to Mad Dog. I'll be along at 2. And of course, we know he's got his head way up, Danny's. How does he know? He's in there. And then we got the Humphrey at 4 and then a bunch of other stuff. 5, 6, 7. Let's get those Danny calls on here. Let's get a whole bunch in before 2 o'clock. What do you say? Huh? WCWM. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. I just wanted to touch base when you want this. So, you know, being hired. Yes. I just eat is really a PR move. And the Dr. Fans that say that they can smell the Super Bowl. That's only because next year I think Miami hosts the Super Bowl. Really? I think so. I'm pretty sure of it. But now I want to ask you something. I'm really outraged that you don't have to Democrats have some real ammunition that on a point that they are person by both Paul and he. I was speaking out against them. Last year you had Christy Todd Whitman leaving her cabin position. Right. His speaker, what's his name? I forget the guy's name. His former speaker. Very flash. Yeah, Harry Fliesha, he'll leave. I mean, next year, but we'll sometimes this year, when surprised me, if Colin Bowlj I'm sure if I mean, then cut so much ammunition. And nobody's speaking out other than, you know, because soon it's just right. And occasionally Howard Dean will speak up. But that's it. The rest of them are just, you know, really they're like, you know, like, how to be like the slaughter that's just following this guy, they keep. You know, I'm hoping that that's Monday Howard Dean loses an Iowa because then maybe he'll wake up and they'll say, you know, you guys who advisors, you're really selling me out. You give me bad advice. I'm going to go back and be in the Howard Dean that I wasn't in the beginning. I'm going to really kick some ass. And I'm not going to be like so cautious. And you know, and the, afraid to step on eggshells, he's got to cut that crap out. That's how I got him there. You know, he, we stopped from the heart from his mind. Right. That's what he was doing his best. And now, and you say he's just following whatever pollsters, perhaps or, or who knows, but it's just not, he's not coming across the way he should. Yeah. Look at that thing. I've Richard Pearl on the around CNN again. They're more all the propaganda all the time. I think today he's going to advocate that we invade. Looked and seen next week. I think we're going to be in there. You know, the other day I was watching Canadian bacon and I don't have to ever seen the movie, but it, it, it, this is what this administration's about. They just have to come up with a new enemy every week. And, you know, let's just concentrate on making them the bad people and the rest of the, a lot of people have come up with. Let's concentrate on the important things, man. Like Danny and Dave. Yeah, there you go. See you. Have a good day. You two. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Speak now or hang onto it and squeeze it forever, man. Let's hear it. Let's hear your take. That's what this radio station is here for. We want your take. WQAM. Yes, man. See now, Carl and Hollywood. All right. I got to answer your polls. I have to say you are really don't give us this about dance safe. And I have to confess those going to say don't give us this about you and Mo. But I don't know who Mo is. Good. Excellent. But you're right ahead of the game. I'm way ahead of the game. I had one thing just to see you because I'm always interested in the polls that you do when you, when you, when you both people, and say if the election works tomorrow, who would you vote for? Yeah. And I thought maybe the next time you do that sometime later this year, I was at the Democrats to throw up. That you do a blind poll and you ask people, who they would vote for if the election works tomorrow? You're a TV wonder or a wait-churls. Well, yeah. That an ask and Mr. actually registered voters. Oh, but they'll lie. Do you think so? Oh, yeah. I know so. That's the big thing. Some of the people have put on our poll five years old, you know, or, mentality anyway. Well, I haven't done this. Have a lot of Democrats listeners, but I'm just wondering if they're all registered a vote. Why see what you're saying? Oh, yeah. No, that's a good point. I see the poll you're talking about. Okay. We'll do it. Thanks. Thanks a lot. First, like I've said many a time. It's one thing to encourage people to register and they think, well, there's some people out there, especially when you hear some of the people we have calling in. And they, uh, stay home is right. So the next day we can do a poll where I'll only ask women. Although this year, I don't think we're going to be so choose you. Okay. In other words, if you vote the way we like, well, you know, to make up for last time. Oh, no. Horses order. William T. Young does it. If I have no idea who that is. Do you know who that is? No. I don't care. I don't care about that. I mean, this guy always practices big good stuff from the Cleveland plain dealer in a plain brown, uh, wrapper. But why do we care about that? Well, here's one in the pink and one in the stink in a plain brown wrapper. Nice going, screw in. Speak of the human pink ocean. A woman who drove a car bearing the airbrush image of a stripper to pick up her daughter with school could face up to three years in prison in Indianapolis. Erica Meredith 25 Indianapolis was scheduled appear today for initial hearing on a felony charge of disseminating man, uh, matter harmful to miners. She was also charged with driving with a suspended license, a Mr. Meiner. The felony charge carries the penalty of six months to three years in prison and a $10,000 fine. Mary and Cady prosecutors filed the charges yesterday. I would concede it is probably a first amendment issue, but not all first amendment cases mean that you can't restrict a page. Prosecutor called Britsy said protecting third and fourth graders from a centerfold on wheels is one of those valid restrictions. What's wrong with a centerfold on wheels? And that's where I probably titties on there. America's really worried about titties, man. Look at John Ascrop. He was covering up titties. An officer noticed the three-by-foot image on the car's trunk Thursday afternoon after police stopped Meredith for driving with a broken tail light. She said she drove the 76-view with the pick up her eight-year-old daughter with school above a block from her home. Meredith who was released without bond shortly after a rest told the Indianapolis star, the car's registered in her name but belongs to her boyfriend. Well, how do you like that? Just as well per veal boys and girls because it is America, the land of the used to be free. You'll be dismayed to know that when they played the National Anthem in Pompano Park last night at 20 to 7, that's where a bunch of old farts sitting right now by the window who did not stand up. Oh, they must have been Canadians. They must have been either French Canadians or just a bunch of deaf old farts. And it would have been up to me if I weren't so lazy. I'd have gone right racing right on down there and said, Get up, you disrespectful nasty old farts, you old ass. I would have. I'd have gone right down there and bitch them out. Freaking $2 showbedders. Sitting there eating the two for 25-hour dinner special and probably sharing it with 18 of their closest friends from cemetery village. Shame on them. I guarantee they were their last money for the free spaghetti dinner. Oh, make no mistake a booted. 560505060 pound-56-de-de-able of bloodstream man. He makes me sick to my stomach. He could easily be the Joseph Gurbels of a today's TV. You know? The information minister. More in register, which called and I'm quoting now a cut above the rest. What were you need you say? Oh cut. The endorsement of Iowa's first lady. She's Christy Gillsack and she's joining us now live from the... She's endorsing John Kerry. Everybody's endorsing somebody. Like I said yesterday, Iowa knew Hampshire what the hell does it mean? You know? Let's take the first primary in Okachobee. Right. In Kassimi. In Pahoki. Let's stick them all in the Pahoki and Pahoki. And have some of that good cherry pie. Don't ever go to Okachobee. Do never go to Pahoki. Do never go to Pahoki with Wayne. What a funny bastard you are Wayne. You such a... such a money-grabbing piece of crap. How anybody could have a name min... And you know, we got people on the station now live. I'll suck them up to what, you know. But the fact that it matters how anybody could have any respect for you. Got to look right in a mirror. I mean right in a whatever. I'll have as much respect as he pays me to have. Yeah. Shfunk. Well, man, what it was that mean. Like all the people that claim that they respect and they got something. Yeah, that's right. They got his name on a check. How's that new pull coming? What's your take on the Neil and more reunion, which we had this morning in a parking lot? If you tune in late, you missed one of the great stories in the history of radio. History of this place. History of this community. Will it make the newspapers? No. No. To be on a front page. 249 votes. I don't give a Schmidt 80. I'm shocked, but this made 54. Who's mole 51? Greg Rejardon is a long time ago, 27. I'm shocked, but please 19. Not too good. It's bad for QM12. It's great for QM6. Coach, I'll the fact that they all think they know something. Oh yeah. They all know what's going on. WDQAM. Hello. Damn. Yes, sir. Follow yourself, bitch. WDQAM. Hello. Dave. What's up, my friend Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, Danny, but make sure he knows what kind of coffee that Wayne likes because I know he's going to be doing. Do you think so? He's going to be fetching coffee for the man. Spencer, your and boy. I'm telling you, three creams, two sugars, and a shimmy in the shake on the side. And a hokey, pokey, and a weekend. Later. All right. 560. 560. We're getting the real calls here. I'm like the sports nerd shows where they get all those deep analization because people really think this is something important, you know? Like earth shaking. Can't you feel the earth move under your meat? Something's moving. Yeah. I already had that. About 9.45. I forgot to do mine and I'm suffering for it. Uh oh. We ever find out who that was doing the quick step there. Next up. Dush shoes. Yeah. Blime. I'll say I don't talk to the police. Probably a sales hole. Executive. Don't talk to the QAM. I, in fact, I thought I might have been, it might have been tough because I heard the sound of a new medic drill. I thought it was trying to drill a glory hole through a star ran out of there. WDQAM. Hello. They kneel. Yes, sir. I toilet is going to be endorsing a percentage because he flushes three times and I carry only pleasure twice. All right. All right. The first of all. I was talking super bull. I know that was the bull I were talking about. No, no, no. We're talking tidy bull. That's a door for him. This is all because he won't ever sniff that except unless they pay admission. But. But, but it is this. This is a PR move by the dolphin's a hundred percent. I mean, how how sad is it that when they said they're looking for a GM. They said, well, after we decide who we like, we're going to go consult Dave and see what he thinks the C of E things we should hire. And that's like me. That's like my company hiring my boss and that before they hiring, talking to me and say, hey, you like that guy. Yeah, I should hire him. Yeah. What kind of action is that? Not pulling anybody way, not anybody with a brain. Yeah. And Neil, going back to the Republican versus Democrats for this election, I saw polls and today that said 85% of Republicans are going to, they're going to, they're going to vote for Bush. And it's just sad to see how those people are still lock stock and they go together and the Democrats just fall apart. Amen. And it's just very disappointing. I'll see you tomorrow in the canal, man. I'll be there. Bye. Thanks. Prop 50, 6 at 5, 60, WCM. We got our fabulous world flaming one to two hour. No more that Wednesday stuff. By the way, we're doing four full hours on Wednesday. And I lament that badly. That's okay. We can handle it. I'm in train. Maybe you burn off a calorie or two. You never know. Now, which one of these is the first one is the one I'm not going to play to the Alice in the first? Well, no, that wouldn't be good. You're doing like a low bashing bit. I mean, we're still going to play low bashing bits. But I mean, let's give it a day. Okay. Because I told him. I said, you know, keep in mind it's a radio show. And don't, we're not going to blow this thing. He said, don't worry. Gelty will do that tomorrow. Hey, I want to welcome a new sponsor of ours. Armstrong's tour of Homestead. Locally owned an operator. These guys have been treating people right for a long time for years. Located on US 120 minutes south of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive. And you can save thousands and thousands on brand new tour. It is right now. Check out these great lease prices at Armstrong. And O4 Tacoma 2 wheel drive regular cab just 169 a month. And O4 Echo. Just 179 a month. Or how about an O4 Salco GT only 209 a month? With every car purchased at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you get a free sun pass. And don't forget they were the first dealer in the area for your free tires and batteries for life. If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, I got a gigantic unbelievable assortment of RAF 4's. Highlanders for runners, a quasi line cruiser's to general manager, David Rich. Fat Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new Toyota today. Experienced the Armstrong Toyota Homestead, different say committed to 100% Customers satisfaction. Their service department is open weeknight till 8 p.m. The open light to make sure your service work is done. Can be immediately located at the US 1 in 293rd Street in Homestead, Just 20 minutes south of the 836. If you're tired of those mega dealers who over promised an under deliver, Then called David Rich, the GM and Armstrong Toyota Homestead 305, 242, 3247, 242, 3247, Armstrong Toyota Homestead, Grab a little and save a lot on that brand new Toyota. We are sports radio 5c 4, UAM. It's not just the 1 to 2 hour, it's the phenomenon. I love girls that I was going with down in New Orleans while the side by side. Err, what who he was with him, but he was not a boy with that eyes. But then a girl was flying and I decided to pursue the guy. And I was telling them that if we would become a girl, then 10-0, got shot in the lane, got shot in the lane, got shot in the lane. Oh, I feel like holding up for me. I really hurt now. I was bleeding all over the lane. I was bleeding, my father was shopping down, was gotten beaten up by no law. I was bleeding, I was bleeding and I was just thinking about no law. I can't convince him of specialization for my always our chances of the day. I was so sick, I was so sick. I was so sick to get you a new mother. I was so sick to get you a new mother, man! 103-56-62 WM-heppy-22-5670-60 pound-56-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's your take on the needle in Moe Reunion? I don't give her tremendous shit. I'm shocked but this made 60. Who's Moe 56? Greg Reese had done this a long time ago, 29. I'm shocked but please 21. It's bad for QM13. It's great for QM6 out of 274 WQM Danny and Dave line Yeah, um, is Georgian. Yes Is this George? Yeah I'm a big person Is this deal with George? You want to speak to George? Yes, he's not saying any calls today. Oh Oh, I see All right, then in that case I'd like to make a request. Yeah. Okay. There's a there's a bit called I think it's called Brucey Big Brucey right Well, like she if you can play that. Oh, uh, dig it up. All right. Let's see. Yeah. George is high by the way. Oh Okay He didn't want to talk to me, but he's making a request Well, I'm so keen at least he was honest about it. He rather talked to you Maybe he likes you. Maybe that was Teddy from Botswana With whom you have a close personal relationship tight close personal right right five six seven Oh five six the pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line come on This is the hottest topic even since Alien makes Alien look like a little piker That's with a p-a little piker a piper a p-is and penis and by the way The Abuelo still want to take a look at it WQM hello Yes, sir. When high finger is a muddy cone great good news No, that's his son you're talking about WQM hello Nail yes, sir This whole thing with moes sounds a little fishy to me. Why's that? I don't know, but I think I didn't have George start your car for a couple of weeks Well, here's a guy that doesn't want to talk to George obviously well, I'd even sit out Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless I was a very heartwarming thing that started I would have tremendous a Butch a hostility likes what you've seldom seen. I mean real a hate and turned it like almost the love fest Almost not quite Scorpion kisses well To hand shakes What you laughing about two hand shakes yeah, was it too shaker? We shook it twice And still dribble right down my leg 567560 pound five six on the AT and Verizon wireless line Line nine is always a hoot WQAM Hey, yes, oh See what I'm saying WQAM hello Yes, sir. Looking for Neil speaking Neil. Yeah, I'm not belittling to you for a long time But never called you before here you go, but no hold on a second there's been a couple of months where I was out of action Why number I've got two questions for you before you hang up on me out to the first one yeah, yeah Why put the second one first then now put the first one second why? What what precipitated the little Rout that you're having with that homo full but I don't know you try I don't have time to go back to the whole history then I mean that that there wasn't just one event. It was a series of things Okay, I missed there is a hostile events All right You don't want to tell me what the base Well, I don't want to rehash all of that man the day when we finally made our peace I don't want to go back and we hash all the stuff about you know him trying to get George fired and a lot of things that happened That were ugly and us he's apologized for the stuff and the life will go on, you know I didn't know you made your piece because I was listening this morning and he did something about you right? Right, I can't can't surrender radio station I can't surrender right right and that was the beginning of our conversation out of a parking lot I said him but I watched it can't so might be contagious And then he said F you and then we proceeded from there The other thing is I am I met Ron Jeremy. I've got a story to tell you Ron Jeremy and I went to a club called Play Dlesory tree We found ourselves there at the same time back in the late late the more early 80s I guess before age became a prebloons problem what is play throws with a tree Play Dlesory tree was a swing or something. Oh, that's just a joke that was a drop-out right. Yeah, so Ron and I and actually shared the same woman there and the problem was was that we're kind to refer And I got to her second yeah, now, you know, I'm I'm pretty large myself actually much larger than average But yeah, I don't have about the story Yeah, yeah, yeah, but compared to Ron though is yeah Who cares about Ron anyway? Why don't we care about Ron Jeremy? He's already scary. You watching that show watching what's your no I'm not on our way to the R8. Yeah, that's just PR guy. I want to go to the factory We don't like Ron Jeremy. We can't stand him. Okay, and anybody who thinks that he's a six pot is a crazy person And when he said right across from me and that chair here that day I realized he's a major asshole But a gigantic ego even bigger than his poopic oh Am I watching that show you crazy? I saw that promo once and I thought well Erica strata a flamer by the way A screamer he's on there. Tanny Faye Baker a crazy ass bitch that only morons like Carlos freaky Carlos out there suck up to and by the way Carlos you suck Yeah, I'm gonna do see my right how many people said it doesn't take a genius to figure it out even the colors Somebody comes into the building to collect a prize or something Everybody with a half of brains is what kind of a moron is Greg? We that he's got a freak like that sitting out there to reception this anybody who comes into this radio station Their first or power 96 their first contact is with that nasty obnoxious freaky looking disgusting piece of turd Huh? I'm gonna take all the emotion that I had against moe which we know That's all gone and I'm gonna put it in that direction now So let me say Well you might have to take your anger and vetted somewhere you have to let it out you'll explode right Tanny Faye Baker and Susan Lucci man. Oh God I'm not even gonna I'm not even gonna say Faggot because that would be an insult all the rest of his faggot You're disgrace freaky Carlos and fact like I said the lay of the day Carlos is not a good name in this building No, been some bad luck pizzing Here's the fact that says from Alex Haneel is the fact that you and Mo made up me that you will not be ripping him into ass on a daily basis. No The audience loves it when you rip that miserable son of a bitch this morning. He was ripping his former colleague boomer of sizing Who was his first guest on his very first show what a non-greatful asshole? He is Neil peacekeeper, Pippin mo now that you don't have the Wednesday calendar. I wish you'd have the Monday through Friday Rippin mo a new ass hour from one to two. It says absolutely okay Just calm down Alex. Okay see what I mean they like hate they want that like that kosher Can't do it. We want love God forbid we want love we want Close tight relationships around here. We want our thumb up each other's Raccoon ass Oh, he's already got his own finger in it. I should have mentioned this him about you know I'm more than happy to make up a quick digging for gold in there for everybody on mine Yeah, that's what happens. That's what happens What when you do and stuff like that from the whole staff and then they start talking about you know If I was making a lot of money, I dig where I wanted to what I wanted to really yeah, oh 10 minutes after one at five 60 WQM. That's what Richie Henry used to say Who? You don't know who you see. Oh good. That's good Former third basement from the pirate. He was a great digger. Who's a great digger? 296 votes on the mole issue and the mole we talk about it The more obvious it is to me. They haven't got a clue What's your take on the needle and mole reunion? I don't give a shaman 94. I'm shocked but this made 66 say it ain't so mole who's mole is 60 Regretion then it's a long time ago a 33. That's a correct answer I'm shocked but please 22. It's bad for QM 14. It's great for QM 7 What what is he doing? He's sneezing, but you know everyone sneezes in a and a percussive particular way Well Boko Brian's particular way is pretty particular. I see you a year. Well, maybe he sneezes in through a different orifice That might know what the way he sneezes I think he is. Is that what it sounds like? Let it dry Wow cut it loose. I'll be them. Look at that brown stain on his upper lip Press it. He's opening new ports. Hey, I'd say one thing if you're not getting a good night's sleep Dialometrist can a happy out like they've been doing for me for a long time George is sleeping on a dialometrist what about Boko Brian? Yes, he is and he's funny on him Boko Brian is a sneezing all over his new mattress And you can do whatever you want on it too the best part of the deal is that they deliver to you Whatever you want any day seven days a week in the two hour window that you choose when this convenient for you when you're gonna be home Nobody else lets you do that any day between eight the morning and ten at night So celebrate the new year in comfort with a great new mattress from dialometrist They're unbeatable all the way around and now They're proud to announce that they carry ass turns and foster They've added them to their already strong unbeatable championship lineup turns and foster He would as the finest mattress made in America, but you could also get ceiling and sorta Simmons King coil temper pedic I do as make one easy call. You'll talk to a train betting expert who knows their stuff inside and out And you'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you'll have to sleep on so call 1 800 mattress right now 1 800 mA TT RIS W not gonna do a no time at all 1 800 mA TT RIS or check them out on the website at Macros.com This is for 2056 2 a.m You're one of the semi-defeated Who is yes mo sit down won't you? I called this meeting because I care deeply for you and as you probably know I have a great deal of respect for you as a sports broad guy You wish that continue out any but but what gets all right home here? Here's a check for you. What's that for? It's the byout the remainder of your contract. I'm afraid we can no longer use you in the morning. Thank you What are you mean? What are you firing me? Well, let me put it this way. You remember that grand piano you had gelly drop on my head. Yeah, that was a panic Well, that woke me up to the realization that I actually want a radio station now if you will be so kind to hand in the keys to your Compt car and remove all your Compt clothes my lovely receptionist Carlos here will show you the door We just a minute. I or else there is what have you taken a good look at Carlos? All right, oh Carlos. Yes, Mr. Ely show. Mo the door. This here's the door. Uh-huh. You don't show it to him Oh, man, let's go Watch the peg Watch the peg I got no good dirty that night. I had a great smoke. I wouldn't pay me Space analogy of a great day always Stop making you win all you can eat dinner dinner You're in the morning making the poker You're gonna get that I can't out of my I don't know but he loves me I don't they respect me And why am I making all the my balls in the middle of the screen? Absolutely 117 at five sixty W to Q a M that wasn't so bad No, it was amusing he won't be bothered. I mean I already told him we're gonna continue playing the bits in the book of brown We never heard of fly but that's what they said about 20 perkins too 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I don't see a hole on action on a phone Airman They're all waiting for the mad dog because they want to get their four and a half cents in on Danny and Davy WQM are only call on screenless hello Yes, sir, okay. Good. What happened in the parking lot? What happened in the parking lot? Right we had a meeting We are not our differences I took our hands and landed always with kissed and a little deep throw action good great I want I just want to let you know I turned American last week and With all the security who have in this country guess how they get how to get you the passport in regular meal There you go and the only reason I did it so I can travel and leave this country quicker Nice god, well that What about the thing that you see what happened to a hulu of glaciers? No, I did not That 87 is making a child and Hulu of glaciers is getting a broader how about that all right? Hey, have a nice day doing a see you on the time Toteens 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's your take baby? A lot of takes it is time right now. Everybody's got to take I can't wait to see that silly Tony cigarette or again. That's the one thing I come down here for I haven't Caught the Vicente show yet is that's the line It is yeah you have to be shmitten me that was what time is it on? I don't know well you better warn me so I'd be sure miss it Like four I think it's on I don't know during the day. Yeah, that's what I'm saying There'll be a lot better like four in the morning WQAM Neil yes, sir Yeah, keep saying it Body and a head with it again. We hate you. We hate you. I pointed you. Yeah, we hate you. Thanks for listening Fuck WQAM Hello, yes, sir Whatever happens at any K runs GA Whatever happened to it oh Hi, buddy WQAM hello Hey, just take whatever you get don't worry line it works the way we wanted to just the fact that actually works a little bit WQAM hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir Did you see the press conference yesterday? Yes, I certainly did Did you see the Zango lose it? You and when someone actually pointed out the fact that marino's new job is doing nothing right? That you just leave he's getting a title. He's getting a fancy office, you know, he's gonna Sit around and he's gonna like rubber stamp things that is the real GM right and that they're just hiring Danny for his name and who's thinking It was like a mom moment How are you? What's that question rich asshole with an attitude man at him? And that's the disappointing thing because I think the rumor was yesterday that marino was gonna be the GM right And then we went for the thing when I'm not so sure that they didn't blow it on channel surfaces I saw Joe my good buddy Joe Rose on there and it sounded to me like they were talking about him being the general manager Yeah, that's what I thought to the next thing Next thing you know on comes Wayne with a press conference and he's got Rick Squirtino's gonna continue He's gonna be the GM or whatever his name is and Danny boy they're creating a new position for him Incredible Exactly what was it that was the thing exactly how they painted it today in the paper with a marino Is new job has no defined responsibilities and in fact his new job has got just about just matching the experience that he has in management No Well, you know it just was to show you they had a chance to go outside the organization the organization But then they might have had to pay a lot of money and bring in somebody who's a professional Somebody who knows what they're doing and all they did was just take the home grown talent or the lack of talent and just promote them Maybe he already paid Danny boy off with an automation stock Let's hope he gets his ring finally all right Daniel fact one He's gonna get a ring all right. I'm gonna tell you something right now when you can market that okay boy if Broward County would change their mind and decide They wanted to build this facility. I will not play here Because I will not have you guys Looking at me for the next 10 years Say and here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else always attacking the media always on the attack Whether it's our Mando as I'll sell so I'll sell so quickly whatever his name is So girl it never stops Rich pampered assholes who think that there everybody's been a cow-tow to them and key to their real whims You know, well screw you away and how do you like that? Baldi Shfuck Parkmark man moon man Can't stand him despise him. There's a direction for you all that phony crap back in a great panther year in He's six of what I would have had year was I guess was ninety six all that phoning this with him and Marty and every game in their down there Sitting like kitty corner for more my seats worth that time and They were showing up at a vegan then they started bringing sugar to the game and are you not you? What you call me Super cabra Tulupa WQAM QAM Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good is this Wayne? No, oh this this this is the guy calling for a lot of deals all right? Your number one Just want to say about that that that a Yahoo Rick Sanchez? Yes, they had a show at four o'clock and it got to the Dismal ratings that they had to move into ten o'clock in the morning Really yeah, whenever he's watching Jerry Sprint or well that's pretty stiff come on This is for us I better change my time again So you said it would last is of course Neil got his correct again Well, how could anybody I watch him? Team Tugajini is to figure that And it guys still dead by the way Who is that all the guy he killed? Yeah, but nobody cares on here you right? Yeah, everybody like one and ten get hit by a card on there exactly small potatoes. Have a great day, paly all right, don't watch channel seven You'll die if you watch channel seven you will die. That's right five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 166 people don't give a flying fig about me and Mo Shame on him. That's that's bad This is the time that carries that cares enough not to send they're very best What's your take on the Neil and Mo reunion this morning totally unexpected out of nowhere 3226 votes? I don't give a Schmidt what oh six. I'm shocked but dismayed 74 Dismayed pissed Who's Mo 65 and you believe that? No, no Greg Richard on us a long time ago 36 have we seen him? Oh yesterday or today? No, haven't had one's the last time you see a lady Ryan him One last time you spy on his car yesterday really yeah, huh? What a joke Greg Richard done this a long time ago 36 I'm shocked but please 22 it's bad for QM 16 it's great for QM still the same seven on a 333 we're halfway there We got 333 I think like that that's an oldman WQM line one is nobody there. Hello. Yeah, there is But don't sound like me hello This is good. I Like that. Oh, man. We got our own reverb on the home and home and home and home WQM hello WQM hello Yes, sir Neil. Yes, are you sir pretty good? Hey Instead of hiring Dan Marine I mean for that it should have hired like a really hot trick or something like the cheerleaders baby All right Jackie Johnson Jackie Johnson's about his hot is ice cube man. Where you guys come up with his Jackie Johnson crap He's a donkey I know plenty about hot chicks believe you me my I got better taste than you'll ever have I don't think so. Yeah, okay. This okay stick with Jackie Johnson I heard Joe Rose talking about that all the time. She's a docky post She's nasty. Okay. She is we don't discover she was lopsided though. You already agreed with that now You're changing your tune again. Oh, I agreed with her. She wasn't all that she agreed she's a mediocre at best Okay, I'll take she's about to the ways about bread of and sustrone. Oh, please Let's not go there five six seven. Oh five sixty man. Can you imagine? How about I think about it WQM hello Yeah, that's all my nigga Neil. Yeah Did you just call Jackie Johnson a donkey foot? Yes That's what I see Amen I just got into car man. I'm sorry. You have little recap on that reunion I almost drove off the turnpink when I heard that this point. I mean it's good. Yeah, I guess it's good for you guys But I guess it's not as bad as you think to be eight. I didn't say that. Oh Okay, so it would be bad not to say I don't think they're going. No, that would be okay. He can handle it What you say do you do do do do a boy? Is that what you said? I think so five six seven 05 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line all these folks down here I mean Keep it up The one thing we both decided at the end of our meet this morning me and Moe is that I told him just like I tried to tell for Well, but he wouldn't listen to me Take the money straight to the bank put it in there deposited the checks here do clear even though these people are brutal The checks do clear that's it. That's all accounts Nothing else That's the one thing to keep in mind Okay, okay I'm serious. I mean take a look at the big books you're making And you even have to take the check to the bank you got direct deposit man. Right, you erect deposit What's not to like the amount But look how quick you get them bonuses and of course the fob I bet you get to fall book bonus right away That's my prediction now I already have it. Yeah, you're already got it In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they triple it 27 after one at five 60 WQM Interacts diabetic is an elicis meal replacement drink that just happens to be made for people living with diabetes But anybody wants to cut down their sugar when take a drink at two and enjoy it. It's the list Interacts diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar So there's no nasty after taste you like the ones you get with aspirateman saccharine recommended by doctors and Detisions for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they be in a hurry and to rest diabetic Because they completely balance nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins of intervals needed for a healthy life plus Fiber and the oxidant's yet its low-unsaturated fat and cholesterol and a rest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free too And it ounce can provide 237 calories of easily digested nutrition Try and arrest diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before Pips him up today. It's at public's Walgreens, Eckards, Navarro's Sedano, CBS other local pharmacies and the makers of an Andoresh are so sure that you're gonna love it. They're given away free Say it again free full-sized samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors to anybody who calls that toll free number 1 866 368 3739 or fast-react yet order for yourself at the Andoresh diabetic.com on their website just click on free samples tell them that meal sent you by for the delicious one get you some an additional special gift Here's that toll free number give it a try at taste great one 866 368 3739 My and local your sports video 566 From when they've scaled down the grain When wave displaces Games my brain on planes Those may spot Got in games It's win It's win I claim it has gone down in flames It's win It's win The shame of wave was came upon my brain I think it's lost it Rain and Broadway Wow It's a 131 and five 60 W to Q-way I think this Joe name is could my be interesting after all this time working here I'm still trying to figure out oh, it's not doing name with all the complaints about that thing that works with the front How does it keep it still? I said that was the Joe name is thing of Carlos or Carlyda or Whatever else they call it it It's a miserable Thing absolutely whether it's trying to be a guy or a girl or whatever it is It's just not very happy Now I know you're in bed with the whole group back there and they protected You would think if you're the person and the first thing you see When you get off the elevator to walk into power 96 or Q-way I see what I tell you you'd want somebody that looks happy that looks like a receptionist with light people Hi there how are you? Not if this thing can join it doesn't happen He a miserable son of a bitch and you keep your job forever man 132 and five 60 W Q and that's the Gregweed effort way by the way. That's why that goes on W Q-way him hello Hi, my name is Tony Marino from Fort Lovardil. Yes, Tony I just had a question that I wanted to ask me if I could you're speaking to him? Hi, you? Is it Dan Marino? No, I wish I had that guy's money. Me too Oh, I've been watching the you know, you know, no, isn't all that and Everybody seems to be saying that they're predicting the some sort of quarterback change with new season But the best year knowledge I know that you know you're no a lot more about what's changed us Who do you think is they're gonna try to go after to go after in the off season and Would correct one or be a part of that? I'm thinking I'm thinking why a tiddle Mill plum Auto Graham he just died call one of the sports shows Tony see he's name is Marina So yesterday, I don't see I'm sorry we got none of this Five set would you calm down now? He asked a serious question is it gonna be J. Feetland? All right, we'll be blind greasy I'm probably down right all the way down. I'm thinking maybe Darrell Amara could be good. Oh, he was great boy. He was really something And I'm supposed to be the non sports guy in a station. I said long ago that when Danny was still playing How come that often is never drafted young quarterback to like you know to be the backup like the Patriots drafted Tommy Brady Why would that be a great idea? Oh you don't know anything. You never played the game you don't write okay Whatever you say And on this station J. Feetland a Feetland J. Feetland is made you occur at best okay. He gives it the old soft-a-mork try and that's a good guy, but that's it Who do you think's gonna be the quarterback? How about Bob greasy? Okay sure. He had those he had the windshield wipers on his glasses. You got it in credit for that He did he tried the little windshield wipers on his glasses W to Q a M hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah Let's see my bonus for definitely the icing was a PR movie yesterday and and I another note Did you watch the news last night on that guy in our zucchini? What's in for alliance cage claiming that got it told me to do that? No, it didn't see that. Yeah, but the funny thing was 10 with A modern day a report is he was misguided Christian type yet on CBS afterwards didn't even make a mention of it. Oh God for Ben. Yes That's all I've been quiet. Why I come to want to piss off the FCC. Oh, they are oh, yes. They're in an up-to-row Rainer, apparently. I'll pray for you 135 at five 60 bottomway Hugo Chavez who of course didn't have sway was the major asshole and they want him out Yesterday, if not sooner, but I found this story kind of amusing Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez dismissed US National Security Advisor Condoleez arises a true illiterate for accusing him of not playing a constructive role in Latin America I'd be like that. Absolutely. Chavez said he asked to believe if it helped cast your to mail to write samples of books That is where he was using with Cuban support for literacy education to see if she learns to be spectating the if the people and learns a little bit about us Speaking in an official event in Caracas Chavez said that Rice fired her on worthy Artel Reganster people by saying that he should not oppose the referendum that seeks to outstim from power In Washington Friday, Condoleez said that there are rules that Venezuela's play that have not been very helpful Right side of tensions between Venezuela and they're in Colombia as well as Chavez good relations with Fidel who's outlasted success of US presidents for four decades And I have a prediction for her feed also gonna outlast Condoleez a two unfortunately he's gonna my last kind of Lisa And he has a much better beard Condoleez five six seven old five so he's got a much better condo five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty But I just like that term now he said she was What was the term a literate All right, yeah, look kind like a true freshman you better serve on a sports-lingle man because you can tell from this day today We're gonna be pretty sports intensive on his show Yeah, what about box ball right bachi ball WQAM Or maybe just bachi candies yes, sir Yes, sir and don't hang up when we like you've been hanging up on everybody else. Yeah, all right WQAM hello, yes, sir Conalisa condole condescending all right. I think body lane is gonna be the next quarterback could be Bobby Lane and I'm not nitrain lane all he was in quarterback But I think the real big question is who's there a place Danny on the Marunic commercials right good point We've never brought that issue to life. Thanks one issue. Thank you Well investing in peg with Mike to vote the whole show to it tomorrow Thanks a lot of Paul okay Five six seven take a poll. He didn't say we're to put it though now what was it? We owed you the guy said hang up on me. Yeah, right More on that's the sureest way man here that dial tone don't hang up on me. Okay That means that that's like saying hey, I'm an asshole, you know I would they say that when is that ever worked? What don't hang up on me it always works I hang up on him right away. Okay They have no materials like saying have no material, but it's just it's like an invitation. I appreciate it very much WQAM Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing pali? I just want to make comment about that press conference What happened what happened about Ask in the tough question. We don't do that in this town. Yeah, if you ask it tough question You're your criticized and call the asshole. Oh, I guess that's why they that was that whole concept I bet in the In committing the media there like how would you know? I resent that question and how could anybody even ask way that that was his whole Approach to the whole thing like how do anybody ask me a tough question? I'm gonna like play butcher hot shot now It's the worst as far as the sports franchise is down here Yeah, it starts on that goddamn radio station that you're sitting right that's right It's nothing but suck holes from morning till night you got it all the way through except for one right Yeah, that well and you and the other guy is Spanish guy. Oh, you know the big Oh, that guy, okay, at least at least I mean it's not very good on the radio Right, I mean I'll give you that race. He's not the suck up anyway Got it do absolutely He's the only guy that's building it on suck is what I'm hearing A lot pretty good. That's what I hear. Have a good day, Kelly. Practice nice perfect 21 tilt 21 tilt to a five 60 WC don't forget join Joe Costello by 730 to 930 at the Sandbarg real in the grow stop by to win t-shirts and tickets to watch the Panther Fire game Thursday at the Macarena from the Bud party zone. You know the Macarena that Wayne City wouldn't play in Or that one if you people in Broward build it you're a liar Wayne ball face line. There's just a ball liar I've bought ball headed What a joke It's so perfect man. A neurotic repetition is town just the same stuff over and over and over Oh, God. It's a Q and disease in there. I think you know, I think I think Greg is got Bob from move back there and they're cranking up the agass Toys and getting a smell. Yeah, hey, you're speaking agass if your carpets are full of crap There's only one place to call to get him looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new Black concepts. Don't play Russian will definitely let with your expensive cupating or your drapes your area rugs your furniture because nobody does Hey, it's big an agass if your carpets are full of crap There's only one place to call to get him looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new Black concepts don't play Russian will let with your expensive company or your drapes your area rugs your furniture because nobody does it for your like drug concepts to the best in the world that bring in dull, nasty, schmutzie looking carpets back to life looking brand new. I've been using dry concepts in my house for over 20 years. If they weren't the best, do you think there's any chance I would use in Europe? Of course not. If the carpets are really needing to clean and bad, especially after the holidays, and everybody's come through and trampled, and messed up your house. Now is the time to have them look in vibrant and color, smelling and looking brand new, and of course smelling them many fresh as well. They're drying a couple of hours, and you're ready to rock and roll. And don't forget, dry concepts also can up you say 15%. I'm your next carper cleaning. Ask them about it next time you make that call. Call them today, 1-800-248-5071. No surprises, no tack on, no gimmicks. No bad news at the end of the job. In fact, they give you a guaranteed written price before they start the work. Call them today, 1-800-248-5071, or check them on the wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com. 10-01, just been over! Wow! How can you count? What the fuck are you? I'm a fool. How? Oh, you can't look at the pie, I don't think you're going to want to be on me, call my team. No way. I'm an over-the-call. You're my whole, no more than I do. You're looking at me, I'm running into fun, no fracking. Time and says, I know where the spies are. Oh, we're in the war, and you'll say, ah, sorry, sorry, sorry. Stop, stop! There is no hope for these courseals, so we've been alone, let them die. 1-44-560 WCK, so in case you tune in late, of course we took the most important full of the day. This morning we 20-0, what's your take on the Dan Marine or hiring? 582 votes in about an hour and 35 minutes. It was shocking. When you say staggering, the emotion was spectacular. It's a PR step to pacify dolphins, one out, 184 votes, 31.6% They're not buying into a win, no matter what you say no matter how much you're paying Danny Boy, they're not buying into it. Danny's a winner, I like it, 161. I couldn't give a Schmidt less, 121. It won't change a thing, 93, and I smell Super Bowl, can you smell it? 23. Say, there's Smell and Super Bowl, now that Danny's in the big Orifice up there in a PPPark. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line, Joe Costello was just in here, getting all the information on the meeting of the two families. Yeah, looks so good Joe, looks like Mary Lange. Looks like you're getting them all the good stuff, they need. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I want to call him back before it last. OK, great. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. What's your point for Neil? Speaking. Neil, you were talking about Condolus the Ricer earlier. Did you talk, I didn't hear your show yesterday, did you talk about the new book by Paul Neil of the television? I don't know, Paul Neil didn't write the book. Right, right, right, right. I did. I played the whole 60 minutes piece on the areas that he would let's see, sir. Fantastic. You should play it. Have you played until the election so that he just can hear it, go. Paul Neil was fired from his job as George Bush's Treasury Secretary. How's that? That's pretty damn good. OK, I want to give the book today and you better get it too. All right, he's called the price of loyalty. At the very steep price, we're all paying right now. You better believe it. Ron Susskahn is the author. He's a pill. It's a prize winner. Absolutely, go get it. All right, sir. How many people are you thinking of this audience? It's going to really read that book. Mike says, my name is Mike. I'm a political science major at FIU. As for the comment you made earlier about today's you turning from the crappy US news networks, you are absolutely correct. It's absolutely correct. On behalf of me and the other 76 years in my American political research course, you sue in your webpage or the ultimate political authority when it comes to our weekly class. Me tell you like that. Mike at FIU says they're holding their meat and they're enjoying every minute of it. And each other's do. My daughter also infected her high school and after school activities with the website. Great. Excellent. Now we're talking. All right. That's what we want. Living and breathing people to see it. Okay. Not those people who got one leg in the grave. Like me and my new friend Mo. We're just trying to, you know, E. God, a living. You know, we carried investors living on a pension. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. I wish I was on the inside. I mean, you know, we had to meeting of the two families. Just not the right families. Like the Coral, the only family would have been good. The Rockefeller's. Right. The Kennedy family would have been good. The build-up burgers. The bush family would have been good. Talking about the books. Oh, sure. That's how we got to do. Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, it's a win. Why does this keep so young? Excellent point. Why can't he get some hair? Good point. You think that a goddess got that kind of money could get some hair and go to the dentist. I'm Wayne. It's real cheap. They had that special gum. You can chew that cleans your teeth. Right. Whiteening gum. And they even had like special toothpaste now that like Whiteens your teeth. Man, somebody by Wayne a two-but-two-paste. And you know what you can do with the Wayne? Yeah. At least, I have a nice clean fresh vacuum. Oh. WQAM, hello. Hey, I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I know about it. I hate it going north of sunrise to Brower. And secondly, I didn't appreciate Mo Howard referring to you as The Cancer at 10. You while I said to him, when I came in this morning, that's what started our conversation. I said, uh, cancer might be contagious, you better watch it. And then, of course, he started exchanging the unposed trees. And then we had our discussion and we ironed it all out. Oh, okay. Because I missed the beginning. We're the best of all these now, man. I'm on your side by the camera. All right. Thank you. Thank you. We reached in a combination. How's that? We have an understanding. And that's good. See, a lot of you think that everything is about what's on the radio and everything is show business. Well, that's fine to a point, but come to another point. In fact, he made an excellent point. I mean, I agree with him. Because I didn't mean that. Well, I don't know if he wants me to say it or not. About the diabetes thing. I don't think that's a big deal, is it? Everybody in here is diabetic. Right. So, and he knows what that's all about. And so, do I look at all the perks on the edge of my fingertips? No, seriously, I want you diabetic. The worst thing is stress. I mean, certainly eating all the crap is bad for you, but even worse than that. And even if you don't have diabetes, stress kills. Right. Ages you. Make no mistake about that. Stress kills. Wow. Sure. Hold it. Right. The second kid is here just to follow out in chunks. Mm-hmm. Comes her bleeding. So, you know, I mean, to avoid it's great, everybody's entertained by this and some people think it was stick. And people, well, what it was never was. But we need to have like a civilized environment in this place. And unfortunately, the upper and middle level management in this radio station have never been able to create that ever. I mean, you know, once upon a time, it was fairly civilized, but never really truly. It was always the running one on the hall on the people spying and who's the mole, all this other crap, all the paranoia. And of course, one thing I've discovered in my years, my 800 years on earth, is that people who don't know what they're doing. They're always the ones who are sending out their spies because they're insecure because they know what they're part of that. And those, they haven't got any idea what they're doing. I would tell you right now, I'd look you in the eye and tell you that Greg Man is the luckiest right man in the face of the earth. Next to Bill Gates. Wayne Eisenhower. Yeah. Again. Now they have only one. They did. They don't have. Don't pull me down. We got it. Now we're all hoping and saying, we got it. We won't attack us, don't hold me. We got it. We're the most likely person. You should learn a lesson is what they got you to do. Can't get any money that I won't find a good idea. You believe me, but what they say is like they're going to fall for you. extraordinary all right 560 WQ a man dog coming up next. Humphrey 4. I were a win to win. Okay 4 to 5 hour. How big of a person? Oh, I thought you were that was a command. Humphrey 4. And then Humphrey bit 5. The big, who's not got a kiss no last night. He's going to rip everybody an ass in Espanyol. The big O at 7 or Land of Elsa Query. I know this man dog was calling him that yesterday. Was it Joe? Somebody was calling me. I think man dog. Elsa Query. Any K-10 and Joe Markov and I 2 to 5 in the morning. Here's a facts from Tim and primitive pines who got some suggestions for some good polls. Thank you Tim or one. He says NBC 6 is having a wish female can make their lips the fattest war and only give poor a Joe blockhead 19 seconds to the sports of the night. Thanks Tim. Good suggestion on the poll. I'll keep it in my pile. My poll pile. I got a pile of polls. 412 votes on an ELN demo reunion here. WQ a man hello. Hello. Yes sir. Were you fudge fack? Yeah. WQ a man hello. One left WQ a man. Ola. I want to be a drug. 5 6 7 0 5 60 I guess that's it for the day. Yeah. They've caused our show today. That's it. Screamless not a call on the board. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We'll see if he give it number slow enough. I've got two minutes. I figured that out. 5 60 on the 18 good. We're here. Turn off the ice. I sure. I want to see him. That fash is bad to hear him on Gary Jr. And then of course by the time you turn back. Look at all him phone lines. Let him up see. Of course you know that all be really good. Uh huh. WQ a man hello. Yeah. I got a knockout don't come down. WQ a man hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. On behalf of all just fans and new England Patriots fans, everywhere we're so happy that they want to back again. Exactly. Well said. We love it. And as far as Danny goes, good luck my friend. But I see you back in the studio in about another year or two. You won't be able to take it. Okay. See, it would be a lot of pressure a lot of uh, nationality. But at least now they got another scapegoat. See? Sure. Now they can be in the fog. That is probably why I want to. When for it all the funny part about wants that the unceremonious way, which I heard some people mention this this morning. The unceremonious way in which Marina departed was a little out of hospitality there. In other words there's no love loss between wants that and Danny boy. I say. So that's a little on the peculiar side if you ask me. But nevertheless, maybe they'll be all of the more reason that Danny came and say, well I guess what they've I hate you like poison your fired just before the season starts next year. Make a lot of dolphin fans happy. But this guy said it very well the a paper fans in a word delighted they have wants that come back again for another uh, mediocre. I mean, another great season next year for Miami. For 113 votes, what's your take on the meal and more reunion to happen in a queue and park it off this morning totally spontaneous after a explosive initial uh, meeting. In which we exchanged a few unpleasantries. We finally sat down had a long half hour chat. We ended our fences, mended our ways and it was a beautiful thing almost. I mean, not, you know, for the 13 votes, what's your take? I don't give a $145. I'm shocked but this made 89 they're pissed. Who's Mo 80? Greg Richard done this a long time ago, 43. Had his chance. I'm shocked but please $29. It's bad for QM 19. It's great for QM 8. The great 8. Here's somebody who's great for QM. The mad dog coming up next. Bye bye. Bye bye. I'm Michael show. I'm Michael show. I'm Michael QM. My name is Leonardo. Beast didn't send me a New Year's card. But.