It's me fired up when I hear someone say that. Welcome back to the Willy time and six feet W The Willy William Really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really Yeah, wait a minute stop for what are you doing back in your week good middle actually To me, alright. Yeah, there is something to it Residents with those big black shoes Yeah, like in those my mesocymology Oh 10, I want it 560 WQM happy Thursday, too Boy, do we have a lot of votes on that poll yesterday or what? Yes 19 look at this is a third page coming Uh-oh Woo 1924 vote Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time we asked before we get to that thought we got some bad news Because you won't be here too much about it because it's not news anymore. They just put it on for about two seconds That's it another statistic Roadside bomb kills two more American soldiers and one Iraqi black that we care about them Iraqi. It's only crawl worthy now A roadside bomb today this morning killed two as soldiers and one Iraqi near Caldia West to Baghdad a coalition military spokesman said a Tag happened about 10 30 Baghdad time which means two 30 in the morning our time Two more dead American soldiers just mentioned that because like I said the night getting too much airplay because we got bigger fish to fry like a little dwarf show on fox What at the wall? Yeah, we're poor things like that important stuff Another bad story ramps leading to the four-letterdale Hollywood International Airport were close for several hours after woman jumped to her death from the i5 95 this morning These bond i5 95 ramp and the south on federal highway ramps were closed around 630 this morning When one threatened to jump from the interstate to the federal highway 15 minutes later guess what she did jump The BS Um, oh Investigating the ramps has since been reopened so the ramps are reopened, but she's still dead. That's the bad no she jumped Now, let's get to the results of that poll because we got a lot of fish to fry here today I'll tell you that in line nine is ringing right off the back QAM line nine Hello Like I said or even harder than yesterday's first call wasn't well, how was that hard to beat? I caught him off balance. They weren't expecting somebody to answer was just a test run It was like a dry run. That's why they were ringing the line or maybe they were calling for the Joe Rose show you think that's Probably right shortly a possibility I want to hear my voice to just grace scattered man. Oh a power to him. It's that thing W to QAM hello Hello, uh, Neil. Yes, sir I got one more free to lose if you want to take it one more for yesterday's list No, I don't know anything I have one more tune to coal eggard. I don't understand what's wrong with you. He had a sexual people out there in a coal eggard Beats the pants off a most of the people on his list. Yeah, top 10. She's the hotty top 10 sure Anyway, who is there was the hottest female celebrity of all time? Maryland Monroe, which is strictly a state of mind I mean she was fine, but 194 for Maryland rest in pieces Radkell walks one fifty seven. She moved a very nicely passing the lovely little Britney Spears 153 so Radkell ancient as she is in her dayboy She was impeccable yep Sophia Loren, 121 nobody else had anywhere near 100 votes so those four were heads and shoulders above everybody else I've had you in a coal egg or what I got in some of a lot Hallies berries had 73. By the way, don't forget you got what's in him. Sharon Stone today On our website on your rages.com with a little C2 thing little C2 numbers just like a veil Little veil we make a veil reference to it I think tomorrow rather than put somebody different on there will put the other picture of Nicole of Sharon Stone Nicole Stuttle Nicole stone. No, I like the other one. It is a picture. I mean this one's fine, but the other one doesn't have the little veil He'll read stuff who just turned five years old. That's 52 votes Shirley's still on 56 some high at 55 now that shocks the pants off of me Why that I don't know if I started out from nowhere and came running like a banshee He's very popular and active currently active in a lot of she active well Don't say too much about that though because when I get to that infinity thing you see how an accepted radio is gonna be pretty soon It fact pretty soon You can put your list of reen right inside the radio and you can gargle and listen to the radio at the same time It'll be like an air set of sizes. Some a high at 55 Catherine Z to Jones 52 Barbara Eden 46 We're delighted for Barbacy done that because we love Barbara Can basically or 45 vote Derek and Grace Kelly and Pam Anderson 40 appease. What that's bad the pan Anderson is lumped in there with vote Direct and Grace Kelly almost in American Carmen lecture 36 Jennifer comic 35 read a hate were 34 Shani at 232 Sophia Vagara 29 and listen Milan 28 Heather Lockleard 27 Beyonce had 26 as did list Taylor ever see the two of them together No same person El MacPherson and Elizabeth early 25 a piece for us faucet 24 Jane Fada and a corner-hole you 23 same person Vanessa Williams and Eddley would 21 Brigitte part O20 limit demie more 18 Tyropank 17. Oh this list goes on forever 15 each for Angelina Jolie and Audrey Hepburn and Jane see more 14 for England Bergman Christie wrinkly and 13 each for J. Low City Crawford a dozen for Nicole Kidman 11 for Jane Mansfield 10 each for Catherine and Jessica Simpson 9 a piece for Diane Lane Goldie Han and Jane Kennedy and Sharon Stone and Drew Barrymore 8 for a Gina Gershin and Hittilamar 7 for Phoebe K. So I love the way we spelled Phoebe. Oh, I sure objaged it knew that. I'm sure you did you see the ways both Phoebe No, no FB. E. Ah Phoebe as in like Phoebe G. B. Anyway Phoebe K. Tower of Respelled 7 also Beverly Danial Evidenties 7 6 for Julian Numer Julia Rubert's Uma Thurman and Linda Evans Cheryl Tiggs had five so did end the call for Elizabeth Montgomery Kim Novak Shirley Booth on a read and Savannah Simpson Three for Christie McNick how come Savannah Simpson got on there? Three for Christie McNick a Barbara Carrera Janet Jackson two for Diane Keaton George or then a bruiser Kathleen Turner Jean a little a Bridget Katie Price and Vanessa Paradis dies paradise Amiga board one and out of almost 2,000 votes Charitate had the big Holy she don't mind she stayed she'd already care You gonna change her life Here's today's pool before getting to this heavy duty stuff WQA and hello not there good. I like the way this is going so far Perfect. Well, I don't have time for a lot of this stuff. WQA and hello Yeah, can I speak to me? Oh speaking yes Hey Neil, I do on a day pretty good so far I have a question about this 9 or 11 thing that's going on well went on I heard that on the morning of September 11th George Bush's brother was having breakfast with those some have been loud and brother is that true? You know this correct yes, huh? You push what's that? You guys correct okay, um now how come like none of this stuff is ever on The news because we're too busy showing a little dwarfs are gonna be on fox on the rotating show that's right like I don't I don't understand how None of these none of these things are ever discussed or Like how come I took almost four years for us to really start hearing about Bush being a while during his a so-called guard duty How come that's so long because Everyone's just stupid and no one talks about anything I now you got it man. I start to catch on welcome to America all right man good old old young often pali two three times at least Oh for anybody but boy Oh baby ABB man anybody but boys Anybody okay good call Okay, here's the poll today and this I was inspired by this whole male Gibson thing boy I got a great story about male Gibson and about his daddy and all kinds of good stuff He makes me want to puke and I thought of that for a long time, but you're just I don't know you know I'm a Gibson personal. I love that You know Oh, I don't care if he made any good movies. I wouldn't watch it if you heard me by the second He makes my skin crawl Mel Gibson. He's an anxious piece of turd But anyway, you're even there still a bit here's the question what's your take on a religious right and I realize again Just like when we did a few days ago, there's a lot of slopp over here But maybe it's mostly just to let some of us vent including me. I'm so sick and tear this whole goddamn thing. Oh there he goes again We've got to find out if I can say that you know and when we get to the infinity thing you'll find out one thing Wow, well we already knew that but boy, it's getting really scary And you want to know why and of course all this Clamping down allegedly because of one movie on TV the Super Bowl, booby What's your take on a religious right you got two four six seven choices? They're nothing but hate-mongering morons I don't mind if they leave me alone They're the biggest purverts of all. I'm one of them praise God the whole religion thing is a big racket They're full of Shiite or they gave their brains away to fakers and For some reason I wrote Nicole Egard on the bottom here was this because I don't want anybody to miss out She's been on the podium today. Yeah, I apologize personally No, you people in the audience should apologize personally for not putting her on there because I just came across that movie last night I was it with the Corey Ham and Corey Goldman and the co-legger don't be knocking Corey Ham, okay. He's cute He just turned 55 but he still has QC's got Robbie Vincent syndrome whatever But anyway, there's a scene in there where they're actually doing it start naked. I mean there just bang in their brains out What the hell's the name of that move? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, that's it. Blow something up. Don't say that now watch yourself Don't you like anybody in the audience if you ever cut yourself? We're gonna make everything out radio so antiseptic then Instead of we're getting some of that schmere on stuff. How do you got to do is put your arm up against or your knee or whatever against the radio And it'll heal immediately. That's how in a septic we're gonna be put that iodine the shame WJFK Washington afternoon drivers don and Mike return of the national syndicate airwaves on Tuesday After two week no pace suspension for saying bullshit on a year without the M reading from an apparently prewritten heartfelt apology letter Followed by the sound of crumpled paper Geronimo revealed that he and Mike came perilously close to being fired by infinity and infinity according to the New York post is Just psychotic they're just following it the mouth after that big flap with Justin and Janet So after we do the break then we'll talk about that a little bit about Malk Malk Carmesan said this and it got actually got the copy of the memo Don't you love that when people intercept memos And either put him in a paper read him on the air. I love that's bad That's about what I try to forgot that's bad. You might get your ass if I don't do it again Look for the Qm van known to two today at senior hysterio located in pepper pine senior stereo 90 19 pines bober that's at pines and Douglas stop out of when t-shirts and panthers tickets. I'm assuming that the umcia's scottle be there for that right And then join you on mark tonight 10 30 at 12 30 at the Sandbar grill in the grow stuff I'd win more tickets and more t-shirts plus enjoy $3.00 bex and bex lights 9 30 with you on mark at the sandbar in the lovely grove. It is so lovely 10 13 at 5 60 W Qm maybe your paycheck ain't so lovely because it is teeny and tiny while let me tell you right now It's time to say goodbye to your boss say goodbye to your dead end job and get to our real career Which brings with it a real paycheck and a real life call fast train today to get started 1 8 6 fast train And you can start a brand new high-pane computer career You can have it in just four short months that is correct You heard right the demand for computer professionals continues to grow like crazy Pick up the phone and call fast train today Be sure to tell me the Todd Dreck told you to call 1 8 6 6 fast train with seven soft load locations Fast trains about to have a campus nearby where you live so it's easy convenient for you fast train Offer job placement financial assistance for people to qualify in with day night of weekend classes You have no excuses no mole to stay in a really crappy dead end job working for peanuts Don't forget like I keep telling you if you register right away You can have a brand new high-pane career in just four short months So what's not to like call fast train today and change your life check about of the web If you like first at fastrain.com and then make that call 1 8 6 6 fast train Theseorious 2 I want a whole investigation. The children should be killed. The children should be killed. The children should be killed. The children should be killed. The children should be killed. The children should be killed. Like the power one is over where the food gets. Drought the bow by the Galilee, D.C. He don't want you to ever see that. All you do want to think of is a wrap. And a qualified story of a busy rat. After King as he gets from his old man. That you tell you where the hell is. And then you lose your cold. And rather, you lose your shame. It goes to lies and play the usk. And so goes from new to new to that day. You're going to do it to you, queen. Like the power one is over where the food gets. And let me find the meat that we showed that. He had the mind of a five-year old man. By the name of the children, let me say it's so bad. He's a grand record real kid alone now. And to the job that he got from his death. We got a more-in-is-death C.C. And we don't want you to see a new to T. That your old was worth a day, a day of home as a problem in with this. I don't want the baby to sit down, kid. Like the town wanted a nowhere to move that. He didn't like when he saw when he danced. On an important limit of balance in back back. If he would make you swim a booby, that's that. I'm just gonna see that like to grand dance. I can tell I wanna know where the food gets. I can tell I wanna know where the food gets. Maybe we can feature Michael Paul naked on our website one day. That would really be of scene. 1017 at 5.60WDC, although he probably never is completely new. Even in the shower, he probably wears like some kind of a smoth or something more than it. Exactly, he's got that magic underwear. B.C. J. Viacom, president Malk Carmason, read the Riot Act. Executives of all 180 Infinity radio stations yesterday, including Howard Stearns in New York Tongue and they'll be fired. If they violate the company's new zero tolerance policy on obscenity. Don't screw up. See even that, don't be using language like that, Mal. Nope. Don't mess up, Carmason. See, oh brother, what did I tell you? We're taking these gigantic steps back into the Stone Age, man. It's pathetic. You want four more years of this man. By the end of another four years, you won't have any freedoms. Forget about the first amendment, forget about the Constitution, even straight people won't be able to get married. Infinity is home to Stearn and several other controversial videos shows that have been canceled, find or suspended for sexual hijinks, including Opian Anthony after the infamous sex and St. Pat's contest. Oh, what a terrible thing. Last evening after the conference call in Infinity executive's issue, a blunt memo to all personnel. The memo said, any station airing programming that has any sexual or expratory content needs to take whatever steps are necessary to make sure that the programming is not even arguably in decent. Let me read that sentence again. Yeah. Let me argue about it. I mean, the whole thing is so subjective anyway. The whole, what they do is they put up a bunch of vague regulations and they just wait to trap you. Gotcha. Gotcha. You said crap. That's obscene. Right. Based on what we just decided that it's just, they just make it up as they go along. They said that. The best thing was back at IOD. Remember, it was before your time. I think when we got fine for the, oh, it was just a few days. Part time or there at the time. Yeah. We got fine for about three or four different comedy boots. Yes. Very innocuous ones. And when the ruling came back from the FCC, they wanted to make sure that the message was passed along to me. The favorite one was sex in a morning or whatever was. Boys, that was the one they liked the best, but we weren't supposed to play it. So they enjoyed it very much. It was okay for them to hear it, but we sure couldn't play it on a radio. What wouldn't that cute? Yeah. And then of course, a cute way in that foul mouth, dolphin, Brian Cox thing that we played. We got fine for that again, even after the first time at IOD, the FCC said, oh, that's okay. Because all the bleeps are in it. See? We got further that here. It was okay there. Right. That's what I said. That's what I just said. It was okay at IOD, but then we got fine for it at QAM. So they didn't even let you know what it ended. Of course, when you say them well, how about if we send them a Trial 2 with some screening committee first before we've aired on, oh, that would be prior restraint. We can't do that. We want to let you make a mistake first and then we'll say, Gotcha. And of course, they just want to find it. Anyway, the memo said, any stationary programming that has any sexual or extra-tory content needs to take whatever steps are necessary to make sure that the programming is not even arguably indecent. When in doubt, leave it out. So the memo, which also ordered all stations to install programming delay units for on the fly censoring immediately, them little yellow buttons like we got. When it doubt leave it out. Yeah, it's good reason they're yellow too. That's right. I think there's an omen there. Stations were told to seek advanced consultation with counsel if they have questions about anything graphic or explicit. The strict new policy would appear to put the Kibash on several regular features of Howard Stern's show, who wasn't mentioning yesterday whose on vacation this week, including small penis contest and bits were in items are placed in a expelled from, Bracdom to most intimate parts of a bodily areas, which we don't want to say which ones they are. Bracdom in this story got for bit. Because we're a pro more back to want to piss off anybody, even though the FCC has no controller uh, newsprint yet. Carme is on war in 180 infinity program directors, including those at New York's K Rock, Mix 102.7 WFAN WFAN WCBSAM and Wins, Wins 1010 New York, that the FCC is looking to make examples of wrongdoers or not that far from evildoers. It's exactly what you expect us to see under fire to say, so the conference call participant. So there you go. That's the latest on the FCC and Michael Paul's history and the reaction to it. Everybody is like quivering and shaking and quaking in their boots. Let me just, let me just play a one last time probably. There you go. How about one more? Okay. I think that's about it. That may be the last time we can ever say that on New York, you're sure and certainly on a measly broadcasting. These people have got the backbone of a jellyfish. We can't say that one more time. Probably right now Greg is having a gigantic moving experience. Just thinking about this, right? Right. So whatever you do when you're on filling for me, don't say that. I won't say anything. And you can still take a, right, sure. Well, that depends on how smelly it is. It smells real bad. If it smells real bad, that might offend somebody commissioners and certainly Michael Paul will be offended by smelly BM. So don't do that either. If you do, in fact, if you do take one, be sure to take your, like, some kind of cashmoboker or some kind of spray that glade your freshener in there with you. But always, here's a good, at message for all you kids out there. If you want to be safe, always take a can into the can. I'll take a scented candle. Take a scented can into the can and be sure and spritz it and spray it around real good after you do your duty. I got you. I got you. Wow. So that's the crap. Lesson for today. Don't be just saying that. Okay. What do we got on the pool so far? It's just, I'm telling you, it's just, it would be funny for words so pathetic and embarrassing and humiliating. You know, we made a little bit of progress. We came along. They started using a few words. We don't have to say water closet. They can talk about toilet paper on TV. Hey, now we got hemorrhag commercials. All of these things, you know, that's commode paper to you. And you keep talking about diarrhea. You know, have to whisper a little bit. But now everything we have to turn a clock back because a bunch of right wing for radical religious lunatics who take an over your company stole the election. See, that was okay. That's honest. Hmm. They stole it for Jesus. Well, 95 votes. What's your take on a religious right? The whole religion thing is a big racket. And you're how many voted that? I've heard of man. That's really so far. There's nothing bug a bunch of hate-mongering morons 25. I don't mind if they leave me alone. Well, which they won't. In fact, this passion is Christ thing. I would've known Gibson. They're going to be putting little things on your door. They're going to be putting little thing on your door knob. Yeah. This does that he always puts his little thing on the door knob. I don't mind if they leave me alone 12. They're the biggest purverts of all eight. That was my vote. Putting them priests. They're following the Shiite seven. They gave their brains away to Faker's seven. And I'm one of them praise God. Six of people. Six point three percent so far. We have a half a dozen. Jesus, uh, Freaks in the audience. God bless them for Jesus Christ. God bless you, man. Oh god. That's right. I'll pray for you. I'll pray for your brain to wake up one day. Okay. I'll sacrifice a chicken. Just like these people at Centus amazing facts from Peter. Oh boy. I'm getting in with that. Ah. And of course speaking of those right wingers, they're going to be very dismay. Don't think it's probably coming propaganda because the polls change all the time. But this latest USN that they see in Gallup polls shows now that if the election were right now, Kerry beats Bush 55 to 43 by 12 points and even John Edwards, the relatively unknown John Edwards is making a movie very fast. Even he would be Bush today 54 to 44 by 10 points. So ABB anybody would push seems to be making some serious headway. All right. In the USA unless of course you're gay. 26 or maybe especially if you are 26 past 10 and by the way cut out those marriages, the Bush mice, your and the lovely lower are first lady. They're not too happy about that. They're pissed off. Even Barney Faggin happy about it. I'll tell you why. Okay. Anyway, something you will like and that is the ease of getting a great night sleep with a fantastic name brand Mattress had an unbeatable low price by making one simple called a dialometrist. And of course everybody knows when it comes to brand name mattresses, America's leading brand is Seely. The Seely posture pity is world famous for comfort liability. And what does it say? 2016 only. But what does that mean? 2016 only. No, it says WO 2016. What is WO without? I don't have any idea what that means. And anyway, I do know one thing. If you want the best price if you want Seely posture pity, you can't be dialometrist every day. Just call 1-800 mattress. They got the complete line of Seely. And other even easier to care for than ever before because Seely's new line of posture Phoenix never have to be flipped or rotated just like Fatboy. They just said it up four year. You'll enjoy years and years of comfort. In fact, these beds are constructed to provide you optimal comfort on the sleeping service and they will actually like I said for years to come. So just call 1-800 mattress right now. Talk with an expert bed and consultant. Enjoy the service right number one for overall customer satisfaction because with low prices. Same day delivery. Free setup and move let's easy to see why dialometrist can't be beat. Enjoy great night's sleep tonight and for a hell of a long time to come with a great Seely posture pity from dialometrist. I've been using them for years and you should too. Call him today. Tool free at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTRESERONLINE. It's mattress.com. My life and low. This is 4-3-05-60. I call this press conference to allow me the opportunity to speak out. Not with regard to legal issues that face Michael Jackson presently. But to lash out at my sister Janet's terrible behavior at last Sunday's Super Bowl. I am as offended as the rest of you. Regarding her book showing activity during half time. I am even more upset that a network, such as sickening display, get on the air. Women are disgusting, especially naked women. People believe that she was actually wearing a pacy when Justin Timberlake tore off her clothing, but this is simply not true. I am here to say, for the very first time on the public airways that my sister Janet Jackson actually has from a telegrite nipple. I am here to say, for the very first time on the public airways that my sister Janet Jackson actually has a metallic right nipple. The fact remains that all of us in the Jackson clan are actually space aliens. We came here to earth to study your species. You are a bold and complex people on this planet. I am very sorry I am not able to address any questions from the press, physically. I have to return to my spaceship with my Wonder Monkey Greek. Thank you very much. Come on, Greek. Come on, Greek. Come on, Greek. Come on, Greek. 1031 and 560W. If there's anybody after I read that infinity memo, anybody wondering why Ferrell got can from Kiyam and it's just one of those deals you can. You cannot be an adult in America and no more. You just can't. No. Everything has to be reduced to the level of like five year old children. So adults have to, you know, their brain has to be reduced to that level. And of course they figure if they knew that real fast and Bush can get in again easy because that's about the level he operates on. Now speaking of the Pita people, wait till you hear this facts. Start out my morning with this. I'll start out my morning with the fact that I couldn't hear George because of the fact that whoever's run on the stuff in your last night because we had two ball games, a hot game in a basketball game at the same time continues diddling with our lives and I had no audio feed. I just mentioned that so that may be tough, might get off his stuff and clearance as well. And get after these people because they keep coming in their plan fast and loose with our equipment of QAM which were seeded over the other diddles with my stuff here. But they were diddles with me either. I figured part of it. I'll hire somebody to go up there and diddle with it. No chance they'll never get in. But we say diddles. Not after today. You can say. Hita. Although it all depends on what you mean by that. See what I mean? In fact, oh no, priest arrested for second time on Kitty porn charges. This is bad. I think you made this up. Yes. Luffy at Luzian, a priest removed from his post in Morgan City because of child porn charges been arrested again. After investigators allegedly found explicit images during assertive is home at a monastery near up up Alusus. I've always wanted to say that, you know, up Alusus. Well, whatever it is, it's Alusian. Patrick Kajawa 35 faces federal charges, a possession of Kitty porn in connection with hundreds of images that are laid in said they found in his computer according to court documents five yesterday. Kajawa already is on probation connection with child porn charges. The love to his removal in 2000 from an associate pastor job at Holy Cross Catholic Church in Morgan City. He is still officially considered a priest with a Catholic dicey of home at Tibdo, Tibdo, but has been taken out of the ministry. I don't know what that is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. He's being held without bond. I've had a one of us to get a set of search of. Kajawa's computer uncovered 300 digital images and 100 digital movie files of children engaged in sexually explicit conduct. There you go. There's another one here. Good father's okay. Maybe that's why that thing about hypocrites is going to move up on our list, right? Anyway. Getting back to the old listing I already saw about the risk of car crashes rises with age. See, this may come. This is from Tampa the story. It comes great news to people around the rest of the country, but in subfloor we don't need no primer on that. That's right. We know all about that. Now get back to this facts about. Please. From David and Cynthia. I won't use their last name out of respect, although I don't have any for them. It says yesterday I heard you say this spurging remarks about. Peter. People for the ethical treatment of animals. An organization which my husband and I have supported for over two decades, how said. And this coming from me being a great animal over that I am, so don't give me a song to dance about how I'm insensitive and I'm hard to ask any audience about whatever you want. It says. It says. Peter. Simply believe. Now, wait a minute. If I belts like that, isn't that like excretory activity? You're excreting and disputing gas, right? But this one from the throat and not feeling. And yeah, well, that's a sex organ. Oh, that's what does it. You know, that's only this morning that you couldn't get your little finger. Anyway, Peter simply believes as we do it. Gosh, he'll tell you he heard it. He was a fallen on a floor in life because he knows it's not true. Peter simply believes as we do that no animal should be abused or killed for any reason. Like us, they're living beings with varying levels of intelligence and sensitivities. Well, I guess I should feel bad because I had both of my dogs put to sleep. They were on the verge of death and I put them out of the misery. I had to put to sleep and believe you me. There was no chance that they were going to survive. Okay. So call me a bad guy. You're bad guy. Okay. I accept that. I'm sure you have no idea is to the terror and torment of which millions of animals exist. And then it includes all species. Yes, I do. I have a very good idea. Right. What we blindly do to animals would not be permitted to tolerate. In fact, this he's sending this to me. We just raised tens of thousands of dollars for abandoned per rescue for dogs and cats and other animals that have been turned left on their own in the lurch. A no. And he'll give you any lecture about animals. Anyway. What we blindly do to animals would not be permitted to tolerate it on the most evil of humans. Hitler, Domer and that coward Charlie Manson. There'd be a protest by many of our inhumane treatment. Yet our cruelty to non-humans is excused after all their only animals. So let them lose their souls. I wonder if they said that at Hiroshima Nagasaki. They say that about all the people who we've fried? No. Yes. There are literally hundreds of animal rights organizations. Yet when asked a name one or two, most would answer. Peter? No, I wouldn't. If that was asked to name a lunatic fringe animal group, I would say. Peter? Well, some of the rations appear outrageous. Peter? Draws attention to the rights of animals. Granted, sometimes it's over the top. Now since the end of it, we're starting at close to the truth. However, when a volunteer from Peter, throws the carcass of a dead fox in the face of someone wearing fur and shouts. Here's the rest of your coat. Our protest against the practice of evils section on dogs and other animals without benefit vanisthesia or the beaten to death of an orangutan who started an east woods every which way but lose by its trainer or chickens. In fact, we farms having the beaks and faces sliced off all standing in their own equipment and countless other atrocities were with them. Well guess what we're with them too. On some of those, the subject, although I'm not too crazy about having some of their red fox or a dead fox in my place, right, my drill business. When Peter, convinces Burger King and McDonald's, tends to do more humane methods regarding farm animals were with them. When they worked to change laws regarding circus animal abuse were with them. When they pointed they proven to wreck correlation of kids abusing frog, snakes, cat stalks, etc., and adult violence were with them. When they seek the strongest penalty for someone who steals a family pet to use as a bait animal for their fighting dogs were with them. We choose compassion over cruelty, someone has to stand and speak for the animals. Peter does not back down any of the ways in Sirley David and Cynthia. Well there's some good points in there but the fact is the one sentence there, when it's sometimes it's over the top which it kind of glows over that. Let me circle that even I'm going to write. Mid-Kan is momentarily. Yeah you're right. Like both are very often over the top like when they wanted that town to change its name right. What was the name of that town? Slotterville. Slotterville. Slotterville. So we don't like that slaughterville. Yeah. And the other half of you. That they probably if the old baseball player for the Cardinals in Yankees if he was still alive. He was slaughtered. They probably would have wanted him to change his last name. Although he was known as Enis the penis. Now I'm saying that for the very last time because I've heard that. Hey Enis. You call that a penis? And she's saying this for the last time too. I'll guarantee you that right now. So anybody that enjoyed like the Howard Stern show or for a while on the way any of that stuff. Forget about it because that's all past say you're not going to hear it no more because you have a bunch of dictators up there in Washington who sit around now and make everybody crap in their pants. They're just well I said crap against it. Sorry. Making everybody do duty in their pants. No you can't see it. See you're really fine. I know you can't even. Well even a boy's guy say I promise to do my duty to do my best to drive our way across the street whether she wants to go or not. Just make sure you couch it correctly. I see duty on the couch right. WQM hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. So are you a website yesterday. I'm looking at that picture of the more bush. Read my lips. Yeah. Doesn't turn you straight. I don't know what could. Didn't work for me yet. I'm going for you. I'm going for you George. Let me ask you this. What about Nicole Eggard? I have no idea. You don't know who that is? No. I'm going to go for a picture on one of these days. Nicky and then you'll know and then they will fear you man when you know who that is. Okay. All right. Okay. See they liked the and they could picture now. That's on the internet of course. It's a damn good thing we can't show the naked pictures on a round the radio. If we go back and hold those up and you can actually see those images on a radio. Then we'd be in deep trouble. Not a little bit. But duty. I'm showing it in HD digital. Are you ready? And that's right. Because QM work. Daily digital. Baby students see that like every little detail on the nipple. I forget about the booby right on the old nipple. Poor point. Omega pixels. Sure. She didn't do all that great yesterday on our pool. I guess she's old news. But then again there were a lot of people on the other world. News and did very, very well. But you know there's just something they don't like her for whatever reasons. She's a person. You know exactly. So what's wrong with that? Nothing. In fact, I think a lot of people do like a bitch. You know, like to slap her around a little bit. Now, not suggesting that or advocating that. See I have to be. Right. There will. You know, I'm really glad to see that that nice, a young lady, the place kicker for Colorado University. They got raped and then abused by that coaching. I'd like to see that they're interviewing her and they're making a big story about that. Because this is one of the real things that's wrong with America. I don't hear Michael Powell talking about that. But this is one of the real sick things about this whole sports culture and I'm not so the Jack culture. Jack. You like to study Jack. Are they talking about it on our station? I don't know. I'm sure they are. What about it, Josh? Are they talking about the Colorado situation? Yeah, a little bit. And what do they say? That Colorado, you know, it's not just happening on it for an accident. You know, it's got to be going on. It's got to be going on everywhere. That's right. It's going on all over the place. Certainly not the University of Miami though. No. No. They got their own fish to fry. They got their own fish to fry. They gave us show starts the day at two. Oh, no. That's right. Will he still in house arrest? So we got mad dog at two, a couple of four. Three solid hours of the company unexpergated. Herkhoon Hotline at seven, the big, Is that that NFL, Col. Col. Col. Col. By it. Col. By it. Eight o'clock tonight. Educate 10, Jula Markov and I two to five in the morning. Our close personal warm friend, the Mumbai state. That's a lie. To wait in the morning and then Joe Rose. Blockhead who still hasn't gotten paid. And that's not a joke, by the way. He's been out about 10 weeks now doing it. Eight to 10. He's still filling in. No contract. No cash. No money. But at least you don't say crap for him. 19 to 11. Hey, here's something that's no crap. And that is the Atkins die. And all the other low carb sugar free diets around. They work. They work for a lot of people. Help you lose that weight. Get your cholesterol. Truglissarides way way down there. But one of the problems with staying on those diets is they are very boring. You know, in the beginning, it sounds great. Steak and lobster. Butter eggs. Man, all you want. The only problem with that is though after. Wow, how much eggs and butter and steak can you eat in lobster. Like George can't afford to buy even the first lobster. So, you had for a store called the lights because it's got everything you need to stay on the Straight and narrow or pan. It's the number one low carb store in the universe with over a thousand low carb. Products to choose from. They got it all. Braids and bigals. Things would taste things that you're craving for. Cookies and crackers, chips and brownies. Chuckets, ice cream, pasta, fantastic sauces that are low carb like crazy. Catch up cheese cakes and lots more. At Delightes, you'll find a whittest selection. They're open every single day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. And one of the nice things that they feature for. Rather than taking on something like. Finding out, you know, like it. You can try anything in the store before you buy it. And their staff knows dieting, especially the Atkins inside and out. Speaking of Dr. Bobberston Feast, they have the most complete line of Atkins brand products every day that are on sale all day every day as well. So, if you want to continue with your low carb diet and stay on it with a happy, I've pushed. Here's the way to do it. Do your shopping at Delightes, West Boca. You'll find it on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Or call them toll free at 1-877-low carb. That's L-O-W-C-A-R-V-R-N-W-Evets, low carb.com. Don't forget, there's only one Delightes, West Boca, and it's your official Atkins retail Service. We pay all seven. We pay all seven. We pay all seven. We pay all seven. We pay all seven. Programme. I urge everyone to complain to the station. Since everything ends everyone at Disney World is out of the closet so to speak. We now have special gate days. We've changed the rides to suit our lifestyle. Yo, ho, ho. Be a splashbuggler on butt pirate to the Caribbean. And we've modified the tunnel of terror so you can ride with Mickey's new domestic partner, Jirville Jel. Hey, let's travel Jel here. Let's join the giant Stinger up my leg because get stuck so bitch. Oh, boy, look what I was to bitch. Oh, ho, ho, ho. 1045. Guess what? You know, that spot we just played a minute ago that he zoos his spot. Were you paying attention? No, no, of course not. When you should have been, because there's a very familiar voice in there. Okay. Very hauser. Sorry. Well, it's not that I really knew that but I looked it up. He played Oscar in the summer 42. He does commercials now. He was the Chubby ugly kid that was Oscar's, that was a Hermes buddy. Okay, I don't know if they got saw that since 42. You didn't see the summer 42? No. You never saw that movie? I like a hundred years ago when I was a child. You gotta remember Jennifer O'Neill? I know who she is. And who played Hermie? What was his name, Gary Grimes? Anyway, here's a fact that Mr. Results from yesterday's book. Could you please repeat the top five? And where Charlize Theron finished? I don't have it. Do you? No. I should mid-Canad long-term. Marilyn Manson. Charles Manson. Yeah. Shirley Manson. And Hermie and Oscar, I think. Sorry about that. I'll look at the other way, basically. If I can piece it together. And if not, maybe I don't want to bother Eric with that. He's under a lot of stress and de-ress. He's a foaming at the mouth. Jerry, how's your who played Oscar in the summer of 42? I'm pretty amazed. I'm pretty impressed with myself. Although the internet, you see that the Google just added four billion more pages? No. Do you didn't see that? Boy, I tell you, you're just out of the loop, man. You better get back with it. You better step-wring about things like religious nuts and politics and things like that. And about getting laid. Where are you about important things like Google? Ah, Yahoo. I don't Google. You don't Google? Ah, Yahoo. Oh, Jesus. Shame on you. Well, I think that if he used that Alexa bar, I believe that's a Google. I'm going to start. I think it is. No, Google is good search engine. I just thought I would live my life on Yahoo. I think, go if you use that nice Alexa. See, I got George to install at this morning. It takes about 20 seconds. See. And there it is. Alexa, you got a nice bar and even has a link. Well, I don't want to say, there's a one on there. It's a nice cheeky bar. And you could like do emails real fast. So now I can send Eric like 70, 80 news stories every day because, because my email. Because the emailing process is so much easier now. Thanks to Alexa. Anyway, let's get to the account with this off no longer. Okay. Although I might take one quick call. QAM Hello. John, but, fact. I, John by impersonator. Up yours, man. I'll probably get a lot of company. Fierre just before Gibson's the passion opens. And this is something the early daily news. I beg of the fear of you. I'm going to put you around with the 45 degree angle. And you have to say, You're all just standing for these double-pins tracks. I'm sorry, I just like that with a heavy-trim and accent. And then you'll be okay, maybe. Maybe we will check your ancestry first. Fierre just before Gibson's the passion opens. A week before Mel Gibson's movie about Jesus hits theaters. His father has gone on an explosive rant against Jews, claiming they fabricated the Holocaust and are conspiring to take over the world. Jesus Christ. They're after one world religion and one world government. Hutton gives the Navy five. This is Mel Gibson's Daddy. Sit in a radio interview that'll air Monday night. That's why they've attacked the Catholic Church Ostrong. We do ultimately take control over it by their doctrine. Well, all be eating cheese blunts is by the end of the year. And the bizarre interview Gibson also said federal reserve chairman Alan Greenspan should be lynched. And called for the government to be overthrown. The movie stars fathers made outrageous statements about the Holocaust and Jewish conspiracies before. But the timing of his latest comments is certain to fuel the upper over his sons movie and the passion of the Christ which opens on ass Wednesday. Next Wednesday. Some critics say the movie blames Jews with the earth of Christ and will provoke anti-Semitism. And they question why Mel Gibson hasn't denounced his father's views. Hutton gives him spoke Monday to Steve Fierrestein of Speaker Peace on WSNR 620 AM in New York. A show-synicated by Talkline, the largest indicator of Jewish programming. Some of his most outrageous rants focused on the millions of Jews exterminated by Hitler. They claimed there were 6.2 million Jews in Poland before the war. They claimed after the war the only 200,000, therefore he must have killed 6 million of them. He said they simply got up and left. They were all over the Bronx and Brooklyn and Sydney, Australia and Los Angeles. He said the Germans didn't have enough gas to create made 6 million people. All of it took what the people had bear, I think he's wrong. And that the concentration camps were just work camps. It's all maybe not all fiction, but most of it is he said. Gibson repeatedly smeared prominent Jews as money grubbing power monitors. Greenspan tells us what to do is someone should take him out and hang him. He said. He even be little the Pope's recorded endorsement of the passion recounting how Mel refer to the Pontifism as. Well, I was starting to get a little bit warm. Gibson reserved most of his vitriol per Judaism. No asking is the Jews delightively anti-Christian. He is for by being a Jew. He is anti everyone else. Mel Gibson spokesman, Alan Nirob had no comment on the elder Gibson's tie, right? But Abraham Foxman of the anti-difamation league said they were the words of a classical anti-Semite. If it wasn't so sad it would be funny. He's troubled by Mel Gibson's fader to condemn his father's beliefs and pointed out to a recent interview where Mel Gibson said his daddy never lied to him. Well, he's been lying to the world, but it sounds like truth to the sun. That strange Foxman said is in DAH. As in DAH passion of DAH Christ. What is this thing here? If you are Mr. and he coverage of this, please excuse mine up this. The nation madam is exposed to a little must treason and court. And then our website yesterday, Mr. Outraged. I don't understand. It was they keep fencing us stuff on our website. If you go to thearages.com you'll discover that I mean we can't have everything on there. We can't be on top of everything. We appreciate the fact that there is no. And if we already have it, that's fine. We can spit can it. But Jesus Christ. Like we don't know about that article a little bit treason by Matt Pivins. It was on it was the nation yesterday. We had it on our website. Thank you. And you ripped her a big fat film. I can't say yes. I think we can still say, you ripped her to it. I think you have to say bottom. He ripped her a big bottom. There you go. A foggy bottom. So anyway, there's Hutton Gibson who's Mel Gibson's Daddy. Now we get to the real need to the matter on the platter. Don't splatter. Christian pushed behind the passion. This is a great article that was in the Toronto Sun yesterday. Toronto Star yesterday. WQM. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Thanks for taking my call. I'm glad you talked about Mel Gibson today. I read an interview yesterday by a member of the clergy. He's a private screening. The movie where Mel was there. They asked him why he had all the people in the movie speaking aeromec or laden. And Gibson says that he thought that those languages would be more threatening for the villains. That they was just making them more menacing. So you know, this type of movie. It doesn't have anything to do with him trying to face the story of the story from the Bible. It's just just an angry. He's just trying to make it as salacious and as provocative as possible to stir up the emotions of everybody. Right. That's a lot of good religious hate, which is what religion does best anyway. Absolutely right. Thanks for trying to. Well, we've related this article from the Toronto Starman of the little flip your lid. Richard, the guilty. The suspect is big of a whack at who it is that is. Amen. Have a great day, pal. You too. I'll see you in church. Oh, Gibson read in the Mel Gibson recently embraced the fringe form of Catholicism known even George didn't know this as traditionalism. That I never heard of till I read this article in the Star yesterday of faction that refuses to acknowledge the reforms of the Second Vatican Council in 65, which absolved the Jews for the killing of Christ. Now he not accept that. Traditionalism which means ultra-finatical Catholic is Mel Gibson. Right. Even the Pope is an ass, he said. Which I would agree well, and we can find one area for agreement. Doesn't just growly enough for it. A bottom is what he said. Mel's atop the Pope is a bottom. You just can't wait for a date. He said it'll be great. And then you won't have to, well, Craig can push behind the passion. Don't start that. Listen, I'm telling you right now. Don't play fast and lose with this. I'm better get that. I saved the New York Post thing. Unlike the other stuff I smid can. I think I did. About my eye heard is. In fact, maybe I'll to read you that one sentence again from Mel Carmes in the infinity. Or maybe I'll read you that one sentence again from Mel Carmes in the infinity. But any station in the course, this is not an infinity station. Thank you. Oh, God. They got held a lot more balls than the Beesley's everworld dreamer haven't just that. The Beesley's are. Wouldn't like that. So they have no idea what we're doing. Any station airing programming that is any sexual or ex-retory content needs to take whatever steps are necessary to make sure that the programming is not even arguably indecent to memo from Mel Carmes and said to all of you coming. How was managed? Nippet, nippet in the bud. Don't say nips either. All we can see Sharon Stone's nips on our own. He's a person. I think they're exempt or they. No, they're not. No, they used to be. See, that's what Janet Jackson did. The sports guys used to be exempt. They could say whatever they want. But. No. What can they spell rape the female players in the locker room? Yeah, so far that's okay. All right. We haven't had a ruling from her Heinrich Michael Paulian. This is going to take me while it's a long article, but I don't care. Very, very important. Christian pushed behind the passion. This is by Christopher Hutsl. Entertainment writer for the Toronto Star. Jesus told him to be used to convert non-Christians Canadian Jewish leaders. Cauchas expect no troubles. The time, the timeline leading up to the release of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ might be compared to the fuse of a firecracker. Spitting and sparking chasing its own fire retail in a maelstrom of hype. You can only plug its ears and wait for this religious cherry bond or explode. With Gibson's retelling of the last 12 glory hours of Jesus Christ's life-lead Christians weeping, non-believers believing in Jews ready to combat a new wave of descent. Or will it be a dud, destabete reincarnate as a dusty DVD in the church AV room? If this much liberated film does for Israel won't be full like a effort from Canadian Christian lobby groups. For months now several influential international Christian assemblies working under. Jesus crusade for Christ and pursuing a truly calculated strategy for the marketing of this epic film. After all this project wasn't going to be hyped up by conventional means we surely weren't going to see flawed Christ figures on Burger King Cups. That's my logway. Do I have another spot coming? Take this. Oh. What did he say? Oh, with a V. I thought you said something with a D. Don't say it. Don't even think it. Then if you don't think it you won't say it. Okay. After all this project wasn't going to be hyped up by conventional means we surely weren't going to see flawed Christ figures on Burger King Cups. That surely wouldn't be very appetizing would it? In fact, if you've seen somebody's tips they shown for so far, ain't very appetizing. In fact, forget about Atkins. They've got a new dyna. The Jesus crusafiction diet. Hey, look what was on. Did you see that on CNN right now? The CNN presents special event of Sunday. The ministry of Jesus. Holy moly man. They're in and they were just good drowning in Jesus now. Anyway, 1057 and 560 WQ and a West Dog, Vetic is a delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be made for people like you're a truly who are living with diabetes, but anybody, well they have diabetes and not can really enjoy it because it tastes great. If you try to cut down your sugar and your calories and a West Dog, Vetic is sweetened with splendor. So there's no nasty rotten aftertaste at a lingers like you get with as per Tamer saccharin. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who just can't sacrifice proper nutrition because they're in a big fat hurry. In a big ass, bottom hurry. NRS dietbeth is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants yet its low and saturated fat and cholesterol too. NRS dietbeth is even gluten free and lactose free. In A-Dones can provide 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition. You try to once and I'll bet you Greg Reed's life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you're drinking before. I'll even throw in George Corsos life. I like that in A-Dones to charge. Pick it up all over town. More and more people are gulping it down. It's at public's Walgreens, Echrets, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, lots of other local pharmacies too. The makers of this product are so sure you're going to love NRS diabetic. If you're given away free full-size samples, they'll send you a free 2 pack. 1 vanilla 1 chocolate. If you just make that tool free call at 1-866-368-3739 or Fatriette order for yourself at NRS diabetic.com. Just click on words says free samples. When you do make that call be sure until that meal sent you for the delicious one. mentioned my language is sub-in-additional special gift. Call today for your free 2-back call 1-866-368-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866-3739. 1-866. 1-866. 1-866-3730. 1-866. What's more than a mile of a month or so, is after dinner and dinner? It's not an item for the weekend here. Eating you all is very limited." The ours we have received are all we have heard of several of my hostage judges. But we liked about the best time on the voice of landlords. What are you religious? You're not a religious? What are you religious? What are you religious? You're a religious? We have no respect for women. Driver tab to make them live in five. You're better than yours. And I'm really a religious daughter. I'm really a religious daughter. You're a hypocrite, who goes to the side of the page and talks in post. My religion is better than yours. I'm a religious daughter. I'm a religious daughter. I'm a religious daughter. You're a religious daughter. We were demons. And the children of a family, and the parents of a religious daughter. You're a religious daughter. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. We knock on doors to bother you. Like former brushes, you are a real, My religion is better than yours. But you're a religious daughter. You're a religious daughter. My religion is better than yours. We were tied and tied our bikes and get to marry lots of wives. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. That's really. We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless living over a fight. I relate you better than yours. We are in 10 of votes. Dominus the business. What's your take on a religious right? They're nothing but a bunch of hate-bound remorons. 106. The whole religion thing is a big racket 93. Absolutely. I don't mind if they just leave me alone 35, but they won't. They're full of Shiite 29. I'm one of them praise God. 17. 5.4% of people are seeing me right now. Our religious rights there is hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Send us the money, please. They're the biggest perpetrators of all 16. And they gave their brains away to Fakers 14 out of over 300 votes. Speaking of votes. 7,566 votes on a hot couple's contest that forgotten the first hour. We had such a heavy plate. 7,566. I'm just going to read the one so far that I got over 200 votes. Okay. Okay. We don't have time for. We've all the respect. And those of you who are down in the avoiding no kid down in dumps. Because Jesse and Jeffrey came from the middle of the pack to age aganically, which means some people must have been very busy. But or a lot of people saw them and said, Hey, they look pretty good. What's they do? Jesse and Jeffrey, 1700 36. They're first right now. Monica and Brian doing well 14 79. Carmen and Carlos, 1218. Sarah and Sean, 844. Jiselle and Mick. 302. Karen and Rick. Karen and Joe 279. Erin and Brandon have got 261 and Lauren. Lena and Andy 201. I can't read my own scribbling. Well, let's 75 66. You guys that by tomorrow we could have 10,000 votes already by the end of the day. Yes. Wow. And the deadline is tomorrow 155. What a week is going by fast. Yeah. What am I thinking about tomorrow? Tomorrow is the deadline 155. Whoever leads gets the first trip and whatever you know how it goes. And we're getting back because article. Christian pushed behind the passion. Jesus filmed to be used to convert non Christians. The push began in mid to on before I continue. Last night, Deborah Norfield on MSNBC, which nobody watches any of those shows on that and work. But I, yeah, I'd like to see what they're doing. She had a debate between one of these right wing preacher guys and some left wing broad from some psychologists lady. About this movie. And the preacher guy came out in the middle of it. But the preacher guy was insisting that children are going to be allowed to see this. Now the movie's got an R rating because of the violence and the bloodshed. Right. But the children are going to be letting. And he says, well, we're going to have pastures to minister them in the lobbies after the movie if they have any questions. She said, you ought to be ashamed yourself. She must have said that many times. But third man. The ashamed yourself. Children can be traumatized by anything this violent. I've seen the previews and absolutely no way the children should be exposed to this insanity. And it has nothing to do with anything. Biblical. It just now gives him some yaddi out of it. And the preacher just kept repeating the same crap interrupting. Anyway, I just thought I'd mention that. Okay. The push began in mid January with a series of 12 screenings and nine Canadians cities over six days. And the end 9000 Christian pastors and church leaders, including 2000 the GTA, the greater Toronto or the film. The same group subsequently received a DVD featuring previews and in-depth interviews with Mel Gibson, who funded $25 million to produce the film and Jim Kavesel, the actor who plays Jesus. In the DVD Gibson and Kavesel both Christians talk about their motivations behind making the film and they're goodwill toward Jews. Oh, also being distributed by the consortium of Christian groups as instructional material both online and hard copy, designed to help pastude build sermons around the film and to guide parishners and their mission to share their Christian and their family. And share the Christian gospel with non-believers. That's what this is all about, converting the world. Coming at a time especially when we realize the insanity and the danger of fundamentalist religionists, only if they're Muslims. Only if they're schmakteds and others if they're on here is that it I see. You would think that people would have a little bit more respect for others at this time, but of course, President Hoffman's decisions. Well, while I do not agree with it, I will deal with it like I would expect one of my players to handle this gospel. Oh, comments were misinterpreted about why fire his ass, okay? I'm gonna tell him to have a call right about if they fire his redneck ass. Anyway, an example of this cemetery is an excerpt from a document on hsumenscentral.com, which proposes that Christian used the film as an excuse to do a prayer walk. Now, did you hear the language there? Do you think the film as an excuse to do a prayer walk? Listen to this. Carefully choose a neighborhood you believe God wants you to reach. Oh, God. With multiple prayer teams walk every street and pray for every house, asking that God will reach each person with a message of the cross to exposure to passion of the Christ. Leave a door hanger and a evangelistic book of the tom encouraging them to see the movie and fighting them to attend a passionate event at your church. What no Chinese menu? Wow. Maybe that's on her too. Now the chicks are in this crap. Oh, my God. It is opening on a whopping 2,000 screens in North America next Wednesday, including Todor and Canada, which is a big number of it independent film. The highly acclaimed monster, for example, which is also distributed by New Market Films in the US, has just expanded to a thousand ninety three screens in North America. But this one is opening on a whopping 2,000 screens. The consortium's aim is to ensure that I'm only Christians see this film but their friends and friends, friends see it too, while making an earnest attempt to stifle fears the film of not a rational anti-Semitism. Oh, and black executive pastor, the Mrs. Saga Gospel Temple, one of three locations the film was shown at the GTA makes no bones about the fact that Christian groups will be in full recruitment mode during films tenure in the limelight. People are being encouraged to take a non-Christian friend to say, look, consider this, what do you think about this? You said, this is a good thing to see. It's a wonderful way to dialogue about the Christian faith. And this whole sick concept that this man was crucified so that if you believe these storytails, you can go to heaven and live forever. Bob Kramer, the Director of Special Project for Campus Crusade for Christ, Coordinator of the Advanced Screenings, is organization is also about the website help guide Christians who want to share their gospel by means of the film. We believe that Christians will be deeply touched by this film and we're equipping people so that they'll be ready to answer questions for the non-Christian voice to this film because people would be blown away. You know that if you go to see this movie, it'll be blown away. I think I might fall asleep. Maybe father or tool will be there to help make sure that you're blown. Oh, so that after you're too old. In November Kramer and I can still say it and I will say it, okay? Don't have to drag me out kicking and screaming. I'll have to find me first. In November Kramer and funny other Christian leaders visited icon productions. They gifts an old outfit that created the film for the viewing of the, uh, then unfinished film having been profoundly affected. The group decided needed a strategy for want to create maximum impact. The January screenings and tutorial material are resolved at decision. Though the plan is born of a world of spread the Christian gospel that will inevitably translate to financial gain forgiveness and as affiliates, a source that equinox films the confirms Canadian distributed middle of that previous series wasn't an example of grassywoods marketing. The Kramer says it isn't about money. I think about it in terms of people and secrets of truth being put in touch with the gospel of truth. He said, I think of it as a marketing but not of dollars and cents, but in terms of a movement. If Mel Gibson makes money on this, he'll have turned around what most people thought was going to be his biggest mistake. It appears it could be successful, he said. Canada's Jewish community perhaps not surprising he wasn't asked to help with the film's promotion. Can't imagine why most of them were saying, oh, I'm so pleased. As per directors from icon productions members of that faith, we're not invited to private Sweden's and rabbi's schmubble spiro has put it an idea why ever her rabbi's schmubble spiro? He's my beloved name. So what's the Michael Jackson's rabbi there? The one he sees, whatever his name is, he almost is going to shmubble. If the viewing was for a missionizing purpose as I understand why they didn't call me, he said from Anshy mince congregation in Kensington market, I guess they didn't consider to be a good promoter for them. Some Jewish leaders filled a film with damaged Jewish Christian relations, the passion interpreted literally from Christian scriptures, implicates Jews with Jesus' brutal death. According to Abraham Foxman, the New York director of the anti-defamation league, the film portrays Jews as vengeful and bloodthirsty. Fueling those arguments here we go again, I want to repeat this, is the fact that gifts and recently embraced a fringe form of Catholicism known as, traditionalism, a faction that refuses to acknowledge the reforms of the second Vatican Council in 65, which absolved the Jews for the killing of Christ. Rabbi Michael Scoback of Jews for Judaism, a major out of group that focuses specifically on countering Christian attempts to convert Jews, said Canadian Jews shouldn't expect a film to cause a major disruption. For North Americans, my sense is one that the film is not going to undo decades of interfaith relations, my sense is that a lot of concerns will be more real in Europe and South America, where you get more overt acts of anti-Semitism. What we're monitoring is the fact that Christians will be using this film as a tool to convert people to their faith. Some Jews will be invited by friends or given free tickets or could hold into going, or like an A.S. Crusades, they'll be amazed and offer the camera fuse. The inquisition, oh I'm sorry, let's go back to DB surprise to see demonstrations in Toronto. Our philosophy here is not to be reactive. He said this is nothing new. It's not as if Christians have been trying to convert Jews for a long time. We didn't create this organization last night to deal with this film. It's an ongoing struggle to help educate the Jewish community, help them understand the teachings of their own faith. The audio audio. It's all about your crap. Leave everybody alone. DNH, do no harm. That's the bottom line. Okay. It's all about your crap. But I think the most interesting part of this whole deal, besides this stuff about Mel Gibson's father, his anti-Semite virulent lunatic father, is this stuff about Melize, recently embraced traditionalism, a fringe, right wing, fanatical form of Catholicism. We even said this by the way, because he's not extremely enough. He's a bottom. Yeah. So he said the Pope is a bottom. He's weak. But he says that so they will think that Mel might be a top, but you never can be sure. Okay. How many votes we got in this poll so far? What's your take on a religious right? 362. Somebody said it, Hubman drew it. I know what that means. They're nothing but hate-mongering morons. 129 said that. And keep in mind, this isn't just a Catholic thing. It's, you know, the fundamentals, anything. You name it, the Muslims, the Orthodox Jews. It's the born again Baptist, oh, man. The Jehovah's Witnesses, the religious nuts who just won't leave you alone. Right. Just like they want to go to. I think if they come to your house with unbless things, they want to stick on your door. I think that maybe I'd like, you know, point out to him. It's for your own good. 371 votes. They're nothing but a bunch of hate-mongering morons. 129. The whole religion thing is a big racket. 108. That's the religious writer. I don't mind if they would leave me alone. 43. They won't leave you alone. They're full of Shiite, 34. They gave their brains away to Faker's 21. On one of them praise God, 19. 5.1% of this crowd. A religious writer. And they're the biggest perverts of all, 17. Out of 371.4.5% of their mucher preverts. 121. His past 11. It... You're perverted station. 5.60 billion QIF. rebuilden 5.5%. he destroyed United Nation. Holy ana! This is Joe Bo on the Voice of the Toronto Masjade. Next-earlisting to the Hockey Authority. new God. The truth of Boulder, the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat of the boat The boat for all turns he takes it into the mass, the boat of the boat He's climbing and appreciating and offs. The boat for all slides he has went a boat with a roller coaster, a transit room a boat of the boat of the boat of the boat. Which means all be thej one one She loves this car, she saves it from everything is missing It's no desire, it has splashed Oh, big of them. 118 in gigantic. 118 at 560 WQM, a skilling and a different fraud. You'll be pleased with this. You probably just saw it. XN-RON's CE. Oh! Jeffy's skilling was charged with fraud insider trading today, making him the highest-ranking former executive charge in the collapse of the once mighty energy company. Those fakers, those great robbers at N-RON, which we say, is defensive-drink. He was just on their just-tick-or-lating and he was modding and he never stole a freight train, you know, too bad. The indictment in seal in Houston laid out 36 charges against skilling as well as new charges against Richard Caussi and Rons former CEO, who put it in a kill to six charges last month. The charges against skilling in Caussi alleged that from 1999 to 2001, the two-man-use various devices and schemes to manipulate in Rons' financial results. The indictment comes just five weeks after former N-RON CEO, and grew fast-out, played a guillotine to wire insecurities fraud and agreed with Colopso to cooperate with investigators probably in the accounting scandal. I'd like to say they say in Amsterdam, hubm in DRAID. Anyway, now we got these fakers, why did little research on my own? Well, this gets all complicated. Yeah, Eric even said, what? Are you talking about Alexa? Right. Okay. He said, what? Did it spyware? Well, here's the fact that it's said, it is spyware. In other words, it tracks your internet usage, although it's one of the more benign-spyware programs that's infringing on your privacy, I'd recommend using the guillotine to a bar instead, but it's also a blot's pop-up. No, it doesn't. And as a bonus allows you to highlight a word in any web page, your mic-clicked-to-do-a-goole search on a word. I've used the Google tool bar, it does not block pop-up, pop-pops marks. Here's another one. Big mic-in-saint pizzas be careful, Alexa is spyware, do a Google on Alexa they're watching, says Big Might and Sapy. So I did a little Google, yeah. And here's an ad for spy-fairit. We'll scan your computer for more than 400 of the most notorious spyware ad where programs that are available on the net table, which includes Alexa by the way, a list of many. The list goes all spyware ad where components on your PC, give your proof description about each component of the audio, they want to put a list for 39 bucks. I got a copy of spybot for free-famrique. Do I need that? You can use it? For what? What do I need that for? To clean up your spyware. I have an award, and that do that? I don't know. We're all in a try. Okay, I'm not, see, I'm not all paranoid, because number one, I'm not looking at Kitty poor, number two. There's nothing on there. I have nothing financial on this computer. Number three, who cares? You know? Do you understand? What genre of Scropwood said you would, and they come knocking on your door to your clock in the morning, if you have nothing to hide, then what do you hide? It's not about that. It's about all the other and cities things that it's doing, like slowing your computer down. No, it's not. Okay. My computer is as fast as lightning, Mr. is the tip of me lightning. Are you going to hit all ads up? Like if you have a hundred or more pieces of spyware, they're all doing their little thing, it's slowing you down. Well, maybe I don't have any more spyware. That could be. First, do you see? Maybe because I removed it every day with that other thing. Where? Oh, what is it? And anyway, I don't care. How to wait. 5, 6, 7. Now we'll probably get some calls on this. Or you better get that thing off there, then the less I like it. Okay. I like it. I'm very happy with it three days. I like the fact that he Eric does mommy to have it because he knows that I can email him 400 stories every day. Like in the time he used to take me to email 15 or 20. Because man, it's got that little icon in there. Do your email no matter what page you're on, but I'm being an Eric goes and you don't have to keep filling in all the names on area. Just the whoever you're sending it to. Who has it? There it goes. Just like that. Come to QM's FireLine. Hello. How you doing today? Pretty good. I want to know, where did these priests get off thinking that they can go out, molesting these children and they think that they're above the law and that nothing can happen to them. Well, that goes back to that whole thing about what do they call that law a George, which word can and law can civil law. That was the thing that we're bringing up on this whole number of questions. And that's the first law a couple of years ago. Right. And as if they're above the law of any country that they're living in, they can make up their own laws and don't confuse this with the fact. Hey, they answered a God. Right. You know, if these politicians got off of their brain that they're sitting on. Right. And started protecting children and people from these people that were in positions that are able to hurt people and have nothing done about it. See, it's a people like Michael Powell, where nearly is concerned about all of children that are being molested is they are concerned about seeing Janet Jackson's booby for half a second on the Super Bowl. Then maybe we get somewhere. It's just a bunch of posturing and pandering because it's in election year. They want to show us how much more pies and holy and better they are than anybody else. Even though the administration is slaughtering and getting our people slaughtered every day. You're right. They're worried about the wrong things. Is this this priest that there should be double or triple the penalty for a regular person because of the brain? Right. Are put in the position where they're supposed to be higher? They're a lot about that. You're supposed to be able to leave your children with a priest and not worry about what's going to happen. Correct. It is absolutely correct because they play on the cross-stay. They're not like they trusted the child and the family and then they exploited and the abuse. And we've still always seen the tip of the iceberg. This business is about 4,400, whatever it is. That's the tip of the iceberg. Believe it. But one, one religion you don't believe here that's happening in is the Jewish religion. That's not true. How about the Rabbi in the Bokoka few months ago that most molesting the Kede that was setting up dates on the internet? Sir, let me tell you, they're all a bunch of a fakers. Okay? Not if you're one of the ministers in priest and rabbi's, but I'm just saying as far as the religions are concerned, it's just a fakeery. The reason you see more of it in the Catholic Church is because of their unnatural attitude about sex. Sex is only for procreation. Any other? Well, I mean, what a bunch of crap. I remember that story years ago about the handicap guy. Right. Want to get married in Chicago when a Catholic Church wouldn't marry them. Okay. These were devout catalyze, but they couldn't consummate the religion. They couldn't have sex. Now, on one hand, sex is so evil, but if you're doing it to make more Catholic babies, then it's a wonderful blessed thing. That's right. I mean, just without an use, you're new to a little bit boys and girls use your brain. Okay? That's the whole reason that they're sitting there on the other side rubbing themselves raw while the kids are telling them, oh, I touched myself last night father. I did three times. Yeah. And they're sitting there just rubbing themselves raw. That's the excuse they give because you have to forgive your, uh, be forgiven for your sins because sex is a sin. Right. For them, it's okay. But sex is a sin. Just like that one priest that Mike Wallace was tracking down on 60 minutes a few years ago when they did that story, the priest that was doing the girl. Right. Is that the way there was the child? He said it wasn't a sin because there was no passion. Remember that line? Yeah. What about the first old past? Right. Are you starting up again? Jesus Christ. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm telling you, like I said, I believe that you can believe whatever you want until you get to the point where you start hurting other people with it. At that point, that's where any sensible, rational person draws the line. And when you use it to as an excuse, well, the Bible says, yeah, the Bible says a lot of crap because it was written by primitive people. I said, it's your to be for the show this morning. Just stop and think if you took the people over over hundreds of years who wrote all of that nonsense, all of that superstitious mumbo jumbo, if you took them through the time tunnel and you brought them here today and you sat them down here and they were all these cars and TV sets and they heard me talking on the radio or anybody else and all these CDs and all these stuff. They said, I need you. Right. And they would say, like that, they could have come in with. They probably be like an mental institution immediately because they couldn't stand it because they were so ignorant and so primitive and much of superstitious getchies. Right. Every time it was reigned, it was an act of God. God was crying. God was angry. And to use this garbage to justify treatment of women and blacks and getchies. And anybody else, this doesn't fly with anybody who's rationed, anybody who's got a brain which leaves out Mel Gibson, by the way. They didn't even know what a rainbow was for Christ's. Oh, it's a message from God. Don't you understand? I thought it was a case symbol. It is. It's a rainbow flag. 26 passed 11 at 560. Your flagship station for the whatever those teams are. All right. And look over here's Fort 20560 show. Swmat Fl licensesSy authentically They sit and watch the TV with finger up there but well, why doesn't know what something or Christian is through. I love to know why I love to know why I love to know why I love to know why I love to know You've been through a Michael Powell on the website Do they get it stolen, honey? While cleaning out their guns What do you want to know why I love to know what Christians you've been born Do they all in love the fish? I'm a fan of the Trump What do I love to know why I love to know what Christians you've been born Do they all in love the fish? I'm a fan of the Trump And watch it all down with the 12th act of truth To the life of order of the heaven you go I don't least find the fun for the national I love to know why I love to know why I love to know I'm a third man I want to just say during the middle of the night There's a new picture of Michael Powell on our website On our website Well, it's a little close to lunch But I'll take a chance FTC is speaking to that target's man cow in Chicago In Disney Crackdown, thanks to who was it? Or listener of Fred and Chicago Who facts this to us? And it was a bad copy Fred, so I just printed it right out from the old Chicago sometimes Went and out, I printed it right out Where the hell would I be without the internet these days, you know? I don't know, hard to think Because pretty soon your radio and TV are going to be virtually useless to you As far as getting any real information I think they already are Right, as far as seeing like any titillating pictures or things like that Or reading about what's really happening in the rest of the world, forget about it Okay, let's take a few good girl Michael Powell, let's see There's a sure and stone Oh man Oh my god That is the best Oh no No, no He'll probably be on national geographic this Sunday And look at that, he's sitting right over math fudge Better look out, miss fudge And Matt is looking at what he's looking at what is magnifying glass Looks like he's looking at his spectrum Specting before like dives in That is a beautiful thing, man Where do we get that from? Oh magic Oh magic I bet you're actually probably sending it over Maybe part of her and seeing that baby Take a look, I mean first take a look at Sharon's stone And then you can prepare you can prepare Sharon's stone She ain't got nothing to prepare to Michael Powell I think that's a good idea Can you hear me work? Has he got a pair? Or what? Oh here's our death notes, we'll get to that Gary says if you want a web browser that blocks pop-ups Try a firebird at mazzilla.org It's lightning quick and I get no pop-ups I don't get any pop-ups either with Alexa or their spine on me Also, it's as I know the bush A wall thing's been beaten to death But after reading this week's newsweek Articot I think the most important point is being missed Carry in his classmates volunteer to go to Vietnam Because they initially supported the war and fell with their duty Bush also supported the war and despised all the anti-war protesters But instead of enlisting the help fight-awary support And he used his connections to avoid getting drafted Then he can't even bother to follow through with that What does that say about his character? Also, does he still think to be at Nammore was anything But a huge costly and deadly mistake if so It goes a long way to explain the mess where now says Gary Good point, Solomon Jerry But he's too stupid to understand that He was a party boy who's just a busy-getting laden Brinking a lot maybe Take a little up the nose Mark Avery all-in-know that's bad news Actually know who this is In fact, I know who's a several of these people. Look at this Mark Avery Detroit radio personality who during the top 40-RNA in the 1960s Fun tunes at WJBK and WXYZ was a long time for minier boys It varies radio stations in Detroit over the years And who hosted an annual televised charity auction in pledge drive for channel 56 Di'd February 15th in Evansville in the NFR Longnullis he was 74 Mark Avery, good guy He had that sound, there were guys the Lee Allen Paul Witter and Mark Avery they had a Dave Prince and Don Z What a memory They all had that same kind of Thrody sound at WXYZ was a great station And then some genius came in there Turned into a talk station and changed the Collears to WXYT What an asshole man, wouldn't idiot W ABC and WXYZ the greatest collardars in the history of radio And they call it an Enchanger Reverend John Minkler died Alvin in New York priest will allegedly wrote a 1995 letter Which recently surfaced to Cardano Connor that accused Bishop Howard Hubbub Of being part of a ring of homosexual priest who was asked by Huber What we knew he died right right He wrote the letter and then all of a sudden he was found dead at Thibworth 15th at Waterfleet New York and a parent suicide It was 57 a parent suicide He wrote that it was kind of like Dr. David Blake in England Same kind of a straight also stuttering John Mullen This is leaving the Howard Stern radio show To become the new announcer on the night show with Jay Leno who had placed at Hall of Left Is Show to pursue acting I'm leaving because the money is a lot better And I was always wanted to be an LA Melinda said yesterday Advertisement to get a sitcom to be in a sitcom And acting has been really important to me Said stuttering John Ozzy Osborn's wife Sharon is a great Some osfast bands by demanding they pay upwards of a hundred grand To perform in the traveling heavy metal show It's a probative for prohibitive for smaller bands That are source to know and share in his focus And try to get Metallica slip knot and Judas priest Son on headline the tour A rep said the Osborn's traditionally charged the lesser known bands for marketing fee But the Osborn's paid the larger bands and it will not be a slew of doctors in the road And WPLG Channel 10's Peter O'Donj Peter Denge 53 longtime Broward your reporter got taken off the air station Brass Tobinic in Ray on staff as a behind-the-scenes problem solvus producer Denge's contract is up March 31 He's been taken off the air Peter Denge channel a 10 Know who that is? Okay, it's been taken off the air kind of like Dave game but after the same reason Dave game was taken off the air because even after we got our 62 in sets We still couldn't see all of them now now. Well, we got just a lot of fish to fry here, man WQAM hello Yes sir Take a morning you know talk about pop up walkers and spyware. They're really two different things of course A pop up blockers, you know, what ad that come up as a result of going to right was a website But spyware can be very malicious because what it does is it hides files that either can gather information about where you've gone on the internet Different you can go to 10 different sites and and then the company that wants to see where you've been to can then go and look at that cookie Unbeknownst to you know what you're doing something else I can then get a grab the information as they owe this user has been to this site That's I bet that's I et cetera The program that George recommended spybot search in the destroy. Yeah, absolutely free. There's no charge And it actually not only will scan and remove all the spyware authorities there It will actually like protect from future spyware coming on. Okay. What is it again? spybot and the AP search and destroy. Eric is emailing you the link for it. Okay. Okay. It's a great program in the price of the right. So in order to be able to I can keep my election, but I can install that. Exactly. spyware isn't going to spybot is not going to like Alexa according to all right. Oh, all right. Yeah, it'll give you a chance to win that one piece A lot of money. Good personal about it. You know. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Okay. Now. What do you tell me it's not going to like Alexa what is happening? In the end, we'll get to a fistfight right there on my screen. That might be interesting. It'll come up on the list of spyware. The spybot reports the spyware that's on your computer and it will report Alexa as spyware, but that doesn't mean that you have to get rid of it. You just unchecked the box and delete all the other ones. I see presumably. I see. Well, I'm not as nervous about it as some of you are pervert. Some of you people are. I'm not to that concern. Hey, I'm a reality picture is an unproud. I see. Spide bots spybot. But. Okay. By the way, I got to get to this FCC and handcout thing in Chicago. We will get to that. And of course, that was the show that for RAL was on briefly, but I think it was probably a good decision on his part. To go to Atlanta. Although I don't know, Atlanta is a pretty right wingman, pretty Yahoo, even though there's a lot of sources there. It's pretty, uh, it makes Tampa seem very liberal by comparison. Green tea. But I guess it doesn't matter how filthy you are because nobody's going to be clean enough to suit anyone. That's right. Nobody can be quite pure enough like ivory soap. 99 and 44 100% pure to satisfy Michael Powell. And of course, no one who's got that big Powell's to drag around. My. And low. This is for 23. 56. You. You. You. You. Hey guys, you want to cheer up. Have. Bring me sit on your face. Make that old act. Clear all when we're. Need. Sit on your face. Go. Go get about your wife. Look out for now. A meal and safe. Made of. Save off that beard and stash their eggs. Pick up the pays. You're. We're gonna love that and when Britney sits on your face Oh, I didn't love you What about me when Britney sits on your face Man's over into the sky, the crowd When Britney starts sitting down Britney sits on your face Man's over, man's over, man's over Britney sits on your face Imagine Britney's being her close ball over your door Knowing it just a minute or two we are gonna score Wipe off that dizzy beast too Before Britney sits on your face Can't hold onto it by it or chew when Britney sits on your face Stop dreaming Man's over, man's over, man's over Man's over, man's over You know, I can't break the news, dude In your dreams But this spy killer, which is where you get with this spy bot Yeah, it looks exactly the same as an aware Okay, well, I don't know if an out aware It's the same thing Okay, well, I'll do it all scan right now Okay, all right, because I just installed it And I'll make you happy And Eric, do I have to set it to me? Eric, I already got it, I'm going to hit you I'm becoming so computer little bit now for no-far That it really is scary to me I can't imagine anybody that's got more like ten bucks Since there's so much of a cheaper now They can't imagine any old far just because they're a funny That it's just too new-fangled for me I mean, cut the crap People are leaving them out on the swale for the garbage Right, that's right That's right, you know, the out-of-date ones How's swale doing by the way? Is he still running? I think he's in the fourth of the gulstream It called it, swale Look at that, it's this thing is just It works exactly just ran, add a little bit of a little bit of a go But just to hear where you, I ran, swive up my hand up with swike And it's even the menu is exactly the same So I think add a word and this thing or the same thing And it's scanning and it's looking and it's searching And it's destroying and it's seeking and it's sniffing out And it's so it's going through there Anyway, SEC speaking of sniffing it out It targets manco in a decent seat crack down Says Robert Feeder sometimes calmness in Chicago Washington's renewed crusade against broadcast in the SEC He came back to Chicago yesterday to bite manco Muller in the backside again and the old back to him Bottom The SEC said it for broadcast to manc... You, you're the one that suggested that I think that's fine No, I just say to it's hot alert The SEC said it for broadcast to manco's morning manhouse From 2001 in sliping fines of 28,000 dollars Against Muller Chicago outlet WKQXFM In two separate actions The SEC upheld 21,000 dollars in fines For three previously scented broadcast in March And may have 2001 imposed an additional $7,000 fine For a fourth broadcast in March 2001 The latest fine was for airing of a song Piratee called Smell My Finger You ready for that? I'm thinking Smell My Finger Yeah Yeah The SEC's actions were based on complaints filed by David Would you listen to me? I'm listening File by David Edward Smith on behalf of Chicago based citizens for community values Since Mr. began monitoring Muller show in 99 He's proudly at least 37 complaints against Q101 Result against six fines for indecency totally $42,000 Chuck Dakota by President General Manager of Q101 We monitor what we do. We're working with our talent on a daily basis I know the town is responsive, which is probably why we're all in there No more. We don't want to be in these positions And working hard to make sure that we operate within the guidelines We want to be good corporate citizens The $21,000 fines cover broadcast on March 6th and 7th And may 17th, 2000,000 more money We want to be in these positions and working hard to make sure that we operate within the guidelines We want to be good corporate citizens The $1,000 fines cover broadcast on March 6th and 7th And may 17th, 2000 more money involved in the discussion of sexual and Exquitori responses to viewing pornography The second involved use of a sexual stimulant by a female cast member And the third involved vivid descriptions of genitalia, masturbation, Seaman and sexual activities according to the FCC Keep in mind by the way that manca was the right wing lunatic Keep stuck in that right wing ass manca Right The $7,000 fine was for the ring of the smell my finger song March 12th, 2000, which is about to contain graphic and explicit References to sexual activity according to the FCC Motor express frustration yesterday over the whole ordeal Imagine being fined by the government for something you did in 2000 Money said the fact that the show has changed a lot And I'm looking forward at this point so much for free speech You said, you know what he is That's your people manca that's the people that you support That's what they're doing to you Michael Powell and all these other right wing lunatics bottoms Typical industries fearful response of this whole deal was a warning memo sent to staffers by an ex-medi group The Denver based owner of a dozen suburban outlets this after a Michael Powell's mornings The rules are very vague but the FCC is starting to enforce them anyway And they're coming down on radio stations with fines that could put a station out of business they said You need to understand there's not a list of words you can't say at this point But that anything that might even be on the edge could cause problems Just don't use any word that you wouldn't say in front of your 70-year-old child Do not even come close to the line if you listen to this Yeah, this is this is the victim that they're putting out at this next media Do not even come close to the line if you do you will lose your job You'll be held accountable for any fines that result Such major owners is infinity which we read before and Disney ABC radio also issued zero tolerance directors that in these two To all programmers and honor employees in recent days Wow, wow, wow, the in-distance issue was built up some serious momentum in Washington During what cynics will notice an election year said Tom Taylor editor of inside radio not cynics honest people Tom people who tell it like it is Much of baby crap got to talk like everybody's a seven-year-old God forbid a seven-year-old should hear like I'm not even gonna say it right this This is right away. It's the how long does this scan take? I'm not long Maybe long Who knows how many's it finding so far? Seven Seven spyware registry keys And it is scam. I'll say it would take a little while because the first time I'm running. Okay. It is just scanning and smoking in the sniffing So if that's gonna be the guideline is what you can say in front of your seven-year-old right have a nice day I'm going to do it well. I mean there's what I can say in front of my seven-year-old No, not your seven-year-old everything now In front of your average repressed right wing seven-year-old Have a nice day Tommy. By the way, all of us are do look well. Scott's gonna be it so don't look if you don't want to look for the QM van that They knew to do it senior hysteria in Pemberpines 1919 pines Boulevard That's on pines in Douglas you can win t-shirts and panther tickets to any interest Oh, great came by by the longer-legan last night Buffalo at eight million shots 41. I think and the panther's got a point He stole a point from one one time Do you enjoy in Joe and Mark tonight 10 30 to 12 30 at the Sandbark River in the Grove stop out of win tickets and t-shirts enjoy three dollar Baxon Baxlites then I did 10 30 with Joe and Mark at the Sandbark in the Grove how long does this thing keep skin how many hours Five hundred man man just goes on and on and on five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon marvelous line You're like this story bush prefers our pretty boy to his pretty boy This is the tale of two scots one American the other Canadian one is dark here the other blonde both a 35 and work for the most powerful men in the respective countries Scott McCollon is the press secretary of the US president George W. Bush Scott read as the senior strategist to prime minister Paul Martin But according to mr. Bush mr. Martin has the prettier Scott Indeed welcome to a new era of pretty face Kennedy West relations. This is what happened Mr. Bush meant Mr. Reed earlier this week at the summit in Monterey, Mexico just after the president's breakfast with mr. Martin Mr. Reed was not initially in the hotel room where the two leaders and their closest advisors met but was called in to breathe the prime minister at the end As the group waited for the media mr. Bush wanted over doing mr. Reed's chat with the prime minister mr. Reed introduced himself in shook hands with mr. Bush Well, what do you do for this guy the president asked as he pointed to the prime minister? Well, you know sir. I can't really say mr. Reed said it's not that I don't want to assist you know I don't really know from day to day. This is true mr. Reed handles the number of files and performs the number of different duties depending on the issue in the day The president chuckle, well, you got a pretty face he told the surprise mr. Reed he wasn't done. You got a pretty face he said again You were good looking guy better looking than my Scott anyway This is true his Scott it has a receding her line is on the trebuchadneut but mr. Martin Scott has a full head air in his quite fit for the first time in his life mr. Reed had no reply I didn't know what to say said mr. Reed noting later that he wished mr. Bush a referred him as a rugged looking young man or something But I'll take what I can I guess he joke when a Texas Republicans says you've got a pretty face then I guess there's just no way around it It's a good thing he didn't say you got a real pretty mouth Because then he'd been in deep then run like bottom like a Deep dude who don't say it whatever you're gonna say don't say think about a several times see think about it if a 70-year-old child would be offended by it run like a cheetah WQM hello WQM hello Welcome to yes sir Sean Matthew from a compartment did you see any interviews the guy that plays Jesus in that movie no He was going on in two different interviews. There's a who's going on about how Was it he was struck by lightning while he was filming yeah, and yeah the first day lied and they said he was struck by lightning three or four times They enveloped a little bit then it turned out he had like a brush at one time deal and And the people said there was a globe behind him and stuff and then he was talking to God getting a problem Oh my god, yeah, also maybe God was sending him a message he was pissed off about this movie maybe but I got not too crazy about these goiam Did you shave the dinosaur or interview no okay I guess the white right wing we're probably can't find a like so much because he was going on about how was it I guess he was talking about when he was thinking about killing himself or something you know Mel Gibson Yeah, or I can't remember when exactly an interview it was but he was saying something like he was going to go someplace and hide and he said He was going to go off and hide maybe with the weapons of mass destruction then nobody'll ever find me He actually said that you and I could believe it. I was like guy the way to the you know the Republicans who think that Bush is completely Insoluble and you know he can do no wrong and he's never wrong wait till later this I mean that I doubt they ever heard it because all eight watches Tvn and Christian listen Christian radio. Yeah, and thank the Lord for that And don't forget the seven hundred we're club and I'll pray for it. Thank you I wish they could hear this and we're saying seen it because you know maybe they'll have a little more doubt about him Where there's no sense there's no feeling. Yeah, have a great day. Thank you. Barney Frank opposes game error jepard Remember I told you this a long time ago and we got side track like you should quiet and I don't need to listen to money fact Barney Frank crying in in my ear because I made a few bucks out of a book I worked okay. Thanks a lot Representative Barney Frank said San Francisco's decision to challenge state law and grant marriage licenses to same size couples could damage efforts by gay rights activists To defend the Massachusetts court decision legalizing gay marriage I was sorry to see the San Francisco thing before it said Frank had openly gay congressman for Massachusetts Who shared his concern with fellow Democrats in San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom before the city began mirroring gay couples last week And interview with the ANP Frank expressed concern that the image of lawlessness and civil disobedience in San Francisco We're leading some in Congress to support a federal constitutional men and bany gay marriage He said he hope Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court decision reporting to write the same sex couples to marry with service a national model for orderly legal protection of gay marriage If we go forward Massachusetts and get same sex on a book, it's gonna be binding in contestable said Tuesday instead San Francisco's move promotes the notion that unpopular laws can be broken or ignored When you're in a real struggle San Francisco making a symbolic point becomes a diversion he said So there you go He's again it, but in the meantime he got over 23. I think probably by now 2526 hundred couples are married and why they keep showing all the missing fruits Why don't we see some real macho guys on there, you know guys will look like Chuck Heston This is Mark Morgan is the 12th one hour on Q 8 Yes, I really would rather have a Cuban do it with all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car into a boat a ride on shore luxurious laying a real jiu can With Kelkins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into the sea as if it looks I 11560 WQM happy if there's the two in Mad Dogga to the Humperate 4 so then I spy killer Yes, that was that one call spy bot No, but it wasn't spy bot. It was spy killer. Okay, I don't know why but it anybody finally finished and it came up and said you have 24 we've identified 24 spyware files Now if you want to remove middle cost to 39 95. I see that's what you got to use the one that air key will do He didn't mail it. Well, maybe he did. I haven't checked. I haven't checked because I was too busy. Oh, we flee in investigating flee flee flee Everything is free. That's all by Alexa. Whatever you do. I'm gonna have a talking to with my computer. Whatever you do don't remove my Alexa. I don't care what anybody says. I like it. Okay, I mean I like business. Huh? I like it Needless to say I'm not all that trusting of the government, but is the government would be connected with Amazon.com Amazon.com. I'm gonna call up a Michael Powell and say, oh, guess what that disgusting pervert in the arrogors is a look at it No, naked pictures of Michael Powell. What is big boobies? I don't think so. They could be in league with the devil Well, we already know that In fact, if they're a league with a devil. I'd like to have my my computer. I'm proud of that Maybe he'll only his pitchfork 560560 now. How's the pull coming okay? I haven't looked at that. I'm looking at something else on here, which I just I can't get over it No, I'm not talking about Michael Powell. Oh, we got to do it put a few newty pictures on it. See this idea just in Chicago the same thing is every other market We got one organization or one guy and he's offended and this and I then so the FCC uses that and excuse the whole concept of community standards is a joke Okay, the big fan joke. That's probably who have community stand that would be like saying well you can read whatever book We decide is up to community standards for Miami or for Chicago or for New York or even for Geneva, New York and the standards are being set by the most church lady of the mall Right exactly there is no such thing as community standards except those things that are universally like for example You don't have a horse out in the corner of a 441 and I've very road there. You have to do it in private I mean there are some things that are pretty much universal right like the idea of what you choose to read what you choose to look at on the internet What you choose to say on a radio what you choose to watch on your cable. This I I read that the other day a couple of times and people You know, they don't they don't understand on your cable like we turn to the blue Laguna on core right now Can't see that I'm watching it nudity man even though it's a stunt nude Not this one I'll be turned to the blue that I'm sure a job of it. Yes, I'm whatever his name was whatever Yeah, right I know small potatoes You have very tiny teeters whatever at any rate 5 6 7 0 5 60 we're just warning you okay because you think that it's so a usual overreaction It's not When they start telling me what I can say on a cable I'm gonna have to like move the Canada or something 5 5 6 7 0 5 6 pound 5 60 on the am touching it pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line They're all busy looking at those Michael Paul's boobies man That is just a beautiful thing if you never went to Neil Rogers dot com trust me what I tell you today is the day Not only will you see Sharon Stone, but they lovely tasteful photo that's right nips in a heart But right underneath Sharon Stone right between Sharon Stone and Miss Fudge Is Michael Powell holding his gigantic heaving powers man each one of them much way about several pounds the Continental by the man. Yeah each one of those babies got away about 30 pounds WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. How are you? I'm good. How are you good? I believe I dialed nine five four nine seven two twenty two hundred now Maybe not even close. I could be one of our extensions. Oh could be what are you calling what company is this? What company you you Q a M radio? I'm sorry wrong number. Sorry to have a nice day. Oh, click see I was gonna say have an ice dad did say that video where it clicked me on ahead of time He sounded too boring to be on our show anyway. WQAM hello Yeah, I'd like to comment do you take calls? Well, that's probably where you have the numbers out is which they call us now or I just kill some good time Go ahead you're on right now sir. I'm traveling is first I'm listening to your show and I'll be down I've been down. Oh Don't the where you from The Midwest I want to come don't come back to Florida again man. Okay the state Go ahead my question is like I was just like a flip in channels and just listening and the the I'm not a Republican But I am a Christian and I was I was trying to connect the dots between your call or a few minutes ago If that's somehow Right wing Republicans are also Christians who support the Mel Gibson movie and I'm trying to Can you all those out we can say all of them? What do you mean you're trying to close dots? Well Yeah, that you were supporting that conversation and as if that's reality Yeah Do you think it is? I'm not saying that they're all supporting But first of all right, when Republicans are all Catholics and as you well know many born again Christians hate Catholics and vice versa Like boys that's a good old-time religion. That's what will do for the world. I don't I don't know that You don't know that that many I don't again Christians hate Catholics. You don't know that No, I don't know that. Well, how well have you been living under a rock somewhere? You're not so don't me. I don't know how could you not know that? I don't believe that's true statement, but I guess if you know I don't know believe that there's a tremendous long historical rift between most Protestant evaluations and the Royal Catholic Church That's not what you said a moment ago That's a Your drawing your drawn a connection of Centuries and centuries ago and somehow you're saying that it's happening today. Oh, absolutely Absolutely, having you wow You find that revolutionary having you heard the jury of Paul Wells and the other born again back to the cry the catheter church There's a difference between them, but that they hate each other. Oh, many of them do yes, in fact You take all the way. Oh, no, you're not you're not saying you're you're using your words very uniquely You're not using it and you're saying very I'm just saying I'm just saying and you're not listening anything that I'm saying to you. Oh, I'm listening I'm just trying to understand what exactly it is you're saying because you keep coming Yes, or don't you understand Well, I don't understand your misuse of your own words and it's simply being if you'd simply be consistent Such as anyone anyone anyone could either just read what why don't you tell me what you're talking about Studying this little dance they always do tell what you're doing the dance, but if you'll stop the inderogatory We can have an opportunity to have any conversation unless you answer the question Okay, if you want to have a two-way All right, so here's the point. Yes, you're going to make the statement what's that statement that Christians Kate Catholics I didn't say that I didn't say that I didn't say that I don't realize it I don't have to because I know what I said asshole I said that a lot of born again Christians hate Catholics like poison and vice versa Just like a lot of Orthodox Jews hate the other Jews who aren't Orthodox and throw bricks at their homes in Brooklyn It's the fact it's not my opinion Wake up and see if the Daphatos man, what do you see was from the Midwest? Oh, well the Midwest Go back maybe from Evansville, Indiana or how Colorado. Oh, and that's not the Midwest And anyway, welcome to the real world sir who just the stars staraged in shock because he hadn't heard this thing that there are Born again Christians and Catholics who despise and don't hate they hate hate Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Wow, and anyway have a nice life sir. You need some help. They don't have a 6705 60 pound 560 on a gay teen T line QAM hello Who was it when to Bob Jones University what was that all about I forget that controversy right And why was that Bush that went to John was good that was George Dumbdia and what exactly did W say it Bob Jones University he said God bless American the Catholics who got problems In this guy from the Midwest calls in he doesn't understand that what's his problem? He didn't want but why are you trying to rationalize this so you did understand what you're dealing with the man has a closed mind his brain has been stolen There's a search party looking forward when they find JFK's brain Maybe they'll find his two the whole Midwesters like that. We need to drop a bomb on the Midwest It's a brain bomb The brain bomb Let's drop a brain bomb There's a little when we drop the little one okay Michael Paul get upset about that sir, you know welcome to the real world That previous caller. I just it's always amazing to me when you ask a question what they're doing is they're doing the little dance while they try to figure out what the response is gonna be Those like the origin this when you start asking about the nonsense and the Bible. Oh, you can't say that Well, of course I can say it because it's true. I've read it after the first page You put it in the or you burn it you they destroy that thing before anybody else here gets they're brain infected by it by that garbage Written by primitive idiotic people and try to have a conversation with any of those religions And so I try to talk to the brick wall can't do it even a brick wall. I give you a better response certainly the yellow brick road 5 6 7 oh and I didn't even mention this yet they'd eighth grader charged with murdering classmate in school remember that horrendous story Yes, of course yes, do they a Date County grand jury and that at the 14 year old middle school student on the first of your murder charge in the sling of a classmate in the school bathroom to which I say Oh, Ryan The indictment guarantees that Michael Hernandez and eighth grader at southwood middle school be tried as an adult for the February 3rd murder or 14 year old Jamie Rodrigo go go off I don't know how you how you know how you pronounce that in Now to see the I don't murder him. That's not a amusing that's not even a Michael Paul's gonna get your ass for your bottom Hernandez has been named by the south-o-to-son settled because he's been tried as an adult would spend the rest of his life in prison if convicted of the first three charged Under state law he'd have no possibility of parole good Day police arrested the boys they've been slaying after allegedly confessed is stabbing his best friend in the throw with a serrated knife Although Hernandez told he take as he had planned a kill go off. He didn't explain why later that date police had taken this on the night and bloody late has glove in Hernandez's bag And it just goes on but that good old-time religion man. It ain't to have a much effect much impact just like those kids in Colabang you know the ones whose parents kept taking the church every Sunday didn't do too much good Religion for that collar before and anybody also hasn't read their history or is it a living in a in a vacuum right now religion breeds hate Division and hate not a love not compassion not all of those wonderful flowery things that we hear the Dury fall well and Pat Robertsons always preaching about it breeds hate and contempt Not to mention lies not to mention Jimmy swagger not to mention the Jim Baker all out of the crap 1213 at 560 W.K. Why should crap again all other Sorry Hey, let me turn you right now about your paycheck if it's teeny and tiny you've got some real problems Man you got sources they say and check is the vodka. I always keep saying check is the vodka There ain't no more check is the vodka. That's why I say it sure there is no There's not check Republic all right. Well then there you are see you get with it I will say you was lobby to the right number you were slavia as they say in a course of a Talk fast rain and get out of your dead end job and get you a real life call today toll free at 1 8 6 6 Fast train you can start a brand new high-pain crew computer career just about right away and just for short months Fast train can up you get a new high-pain computer career the likes of what you've never seen The demand for computer proposals continues to grow so pick up that phone and call 1 8 6 6 fast train and with several occasions now fast trains about to have a campus near you Fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people are qualified with day night and we can classes No excuses to say that crappy that and job no more and like I said you can have a new high-pain career in just four short months If you make that one easy call check them out of the web if you like first at fast train calm and then call them full free at 1 8 6 6 fast train You All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an oldest established rule But during the national probability National probability Lean a horn and sheriff park our dancing keep to see it Once you realize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school All the poor folks hate the rich folks and rich folks hate the poor folks all in my folks say all your folks It's American as Apple pie, but you National brother who he National brother who he New Yorkers love the quest or weekends cause it's very chic Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews butter Brother Brother Okay, clubs have a scene. I just installed the Oscar spybot from the email Yeah, okay Interests is whatever you installed before that's five killer thing. He says you probably installed more problems That's okay. Well, the if everybody would have just left me alone. I had no problems at all Everything was just fine. You know I'm saying oh, we're fine exactly But now got only knows who have creepy crawlers are crawling around inside my computer much less those gigantic things that Michael Powell's hanging down Man Most things must weigh 100 pounds of peace 567.056. Could we do take calls by the way occasionally on the neo-Rarja show in certain here in there That's why I give the phone members out. I should have known right off the bed. He was a rocket scientist when he said you take calls No, we give the numbers out because it kills a lot of good times Somebody makes the audience feel like they're part of the show. That's right WQAM hello Yeah, I need a warrior. Okay, sir. I think I'd call or couple back deserves what Christians do for fun I think that'd be a nice channel for yeah Okay, I just got through playing it. Yeah, no, you play something else, but the song I'm talking Not and I just got to play the 10 minutes ago and have a nice day I love the people I like to program the show don't you love those people a better? I just got your plan that a few minutes ago, pal. I like at the 12 noon. So do you take calls? Yeah, because I never learned my lesson. I take calls. We're here to take all your calls and hear from all of America All their wonderful stuff to good the bed and the especially ugly WQAM hello Pretty good I wanted to give you the chapacquitic thing the other day. That's right. Is there any way you can play this or letter in my case? See you're doing with his last guy did Oh, I want to write that I want to write I just I said yes that's all I'll be easy. Why do you want to hear it? Because I got a buddy here's never heard it. He's gonna. I want him to follow the seat laughing. Does he have a penis? He's a type first. I'll play for a pal. He's coming up in a few minutes. Have a great day. See you on a great Okay, wow. This is something special in it 567. Oh, five. See, let's take 40,000 calls between now and two. What do you say? Oh, right. Let's pack a man man We're gonna be packing it like crazy I never did give the results of the poll up today. This will get that Midwestern guy very very upset that very pious guy who's a whatever he said he was He was so shocked that there are Christians who hate Catholic say that you may not see you're making that up. He doesn't believe I just made that a blue thorns weight the what whatever There is just incredible religious hate all throughout history not just a thousand years ago not 2000 years ago not 50 minutes ago, but right now as we sit here on our fat bottoms Okay, so you forget what the count on our foggy bottoms during the inquisition. We're burning you at the stake because we love you That is right. We know you know for you can't refuse This torture is the torture of love 617 votes what's your take on the religious right? They're nothing but hate mongering morons 23 the whole religion thing is a big racket 171 I don't mind if they would just leave me alone 80 they're full of sheight 61 they gave their brains away to fakers 37 They're the biggest perverts of all 33. I want to fed the priest in mine and I probably part of it and of course You must wagon ten o a gym baker and others and I'm more than praise God 32 5.1 percent So you see we don't have all heathens listening to the show We got 5.1 percent of this audience so far who are one of those religious right? The only problem is they're wrong And I love those bumper stickers back in need of brantace in the the early days of fall well The religious right is neither neither But the moral majority is not there too. Have both of those for both good David says what's the wild out channel seven news at 10 p.m. I'm so sorry David They no longer call themselves the news the 10 clock show is called the big show Oh, it sounds like Howard B. Lawl over again. Really big shoe The big show was not to talk about murder rate probably death and destruction what a great show The heck have over there on channel seven rape robbery death and destruction and Michael Powell's worried about Janet Jackson's booby there you go America. I can't imagine why 14 year old kids are killing each other in high school. Can you no WQAM hello Hey, I'm already we're talking to you speaking Hey, Neil. Did anyone call you to about Larry Flint story coming out? Yeah, I talked about that two days ago He's not only is it coming out he's writing a book about it that will be released this summer Right, can't wait and the Lee and rhymes when she's saying the The song is that they 2500 or nipples were popping out over flowers. Oh no Don't tell Michael's Powell's man is there video at that Long time first time have a good. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. I Leanne Ryan Maybe we can find a newty of her. I'm gonna use my Alexa tool bar to search for it. All right, but don't get that spy Where all locked up in here. I'm using spy underwear See, I don't I just I don't know It seems to me that some of the computer nerds get a little bit too carried away I don't have any problem first of all. I don't have that much stuff in here. Okay. This is my home computer This is I will use this only for what they show See what I'm saying yes, so what is it that I got in there that I'm Concerned about the information you're giving them. It's about they're installing software It's all running all those 20 odd whatever number is 70 whatever pieces 24 of Registry's all doing things actively on your computer. What are they doing? What are they doing? They're transferring information back and forth causing your system to slow down Maybe my system hasn't slowed down my system is like just like that Twenty lightening won't make it noticeable, but most people have hundreds of pieces by were on there Well, I only got 24 and I don't want so far. They and so I got my my spy bot Middett leader installing themselves every set. But I still got my Alex Alain on there. Okay, my tool bars. Okay, okay 567. Oh five 60 pound five. Oh look at this. We got a great. I'll only have a lot of great articles on our website today I'm gonna try to cut down on a vitamin or I know it's really depressing and distressing because till we get Josh tree now that it tried Stratford ever give you the information. I just want to leave it here one minute before the show So I spoke to him really quickly and said that I do this thing post haste now like today Get it done because then once Josh gets that job we get in that computer Then we can send him like 50 60 articles every day because he's got nothing but time It'll keep my it'll what where you go a Josh it'll keep my a trouble it'll keep me won't be getting a girlfriend his pregnant I mean he'll have no time to be dealing around and doing the dirty dirty work of the devil. He doesn't have a girlfriend Here a while he has several girlfriends like I said that he's got to say even more reason why we need to be Sessing his time or wisely, okay, because you know what the three wise ladies. I mean the three wise men said what? They said cut the crap. Oh, I cut the Something like that and of course you see what happened to them. You don't see them no more do you that's because they said crap one time too many WQAM hello Hola Hello, yes sir. Oh, yeah, I am I'm sure it's a bit you read that the wonderful things herald on page 3 a White house to choose the pressing science to read that yet. Oh, I sound our website Oh, didn't it was okay? I was assured it is Isn't that terrible? I'm glad you mentioned that I think I might actually put that one out of read so but thanks It's typical, but it's on our website All right, thank you. Oh, and also the White House speaking allies, you know that All those millions of new job 2.6 million new jobs that we're gonna have and they put out the report in the president's signed it They sent it to Congress and they posted and I shiny book. Oh, well, yes one not so fast Our bad we screwed up See like I told you this morning. They had one number was right the two was right, but the point six million was wrong They're gonna create two new jobs this year You know what they're gonna be? What president and vice president That's correct. They're gonna create two new jobs in November one for Carrie and one for John Edwards president vice president And those are the only new jobs are gonna have the worst Record the only administration in history to lose jobs during their turn office the worst since hebert Hoover 567.0560 pound 560 other than hebert Hoover of course he lost a couple of jobs including his own WQA. Hello QAM oh Yes, sir. How you doing listen. I'm not religious and I hate everybody from the Midwest Okay, listen. I'm with the hot couple of contests. I actually had a question for you. Yes, sir Would you allow me to try and sway the public opinion? No, because then I have to have 35 other people call it in do the same. But it likes you sir And thanks for letting me contest. No, I can't do that Basically, if you want to cheat on the outside there's nothing we can do about that people that are like filtering getting all their friends and voting over And that's just the way it is. That's what happens on the internet But as far as coming on here and making a plea I can't which is why I'm not making any commentary about anybody on there because I don't want to swing it or sway it. You know what I'm saying? Swing and sway with Sandy his gay. Do we still say that no? 27 past noon and can't say gay no mole man unless of course you married Hey, if you're starving you want to break from the kitchen you want a real great feast Emerald coast wants to take care of the cooking for you today or any day Start out your mouth watering eating feast with six different soups and then samples Zillions of suck in an entree God, man New York strip made a order and there's sizzling Asian grilled the new seafood saying job oysters on a half shell Alaska and stone crab middle-deck clams jumbo shrimp scapierve night if you still have them sample their handcar Primer and their new Thai specialties to the Emerald coast buffet promotes healthy living They don't use any MSD no cornstarch. You won't walk out of there with a headache only a big smile on your fat puts and they cook only with cholesterol For your else too the buffet features a full salad bar the new sushi bar fresh rim cocktail to add because you deserve it Emerald coast features a full dessert station so save a little room in a corner your pants They got Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream on your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit So if you want a really fantastic feast Alexa which you've never seen in your life you'll always hunted the Emerald coast three soft portal locations In sunrise panel at a 44th street the run columns seven who just north of 163rd in north Miami Beach And you'll also find the newest one at the east of Flamingo and Peppercroads in prestigious pepper pines So take the whole family book your next business lunch and whatever the case let them do the cooking for you at the Emerald coast take out and delivery available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 Lots and lots of imitators out there but take it for me. There's nothing like the Emerald coast Chinese buffet U-iece topped some U-PH  This is a funny get a tower or by the power the captain can test so and take the tweester that lollipop to be the win So now it has the care about what's on the air Keep it in the stone age put your burger on today And once the beat is loaded back to the American way Gave a tower or Michael Power The sight of Janice T Makes a power Because the fighting is positioned that he got through That baptism what a spoiled incompetence worked You want to almost forgot to play? There paint I don't think I like you anymore You use watch me shave How you do stare at the floor No, there paint is I don't like the wind Oh You took the view And made you paper tile in a dirty bag And it's not like you I'd show it needed to get back Now it's the same thing to change And I think that you're the one who blame their paints I don't like you anymore He sings They're right I don't think I like you anymore This is when you get to drinking If only places I've never been before They're running I don't like you anymore Why can't we just get a grip on our man The hand relations Time to turn the truth away Feel If we put our hands together We just stay over Ever and ever Painting I like how I can let go Oh When I mean while you're shaving the shave My Bonnie seven to one at five sixty WCM So anyway during the day The screens whenever regular facts Who says the confusion between spy killer or spy hundred and spy butt Is there's an odysson or website that he facts to me? And they say if you were misled the spy hundred or spy killer through Google adwords Which I was please contact Google And then I'm going to have to go through after the show of removing spy killer don't you think? Yeah that'd be a good idea I guess I guess I'm going to have to get that off there Get it off Or maybe on Huh? We still stay to get it off And surely don't say save my ball Remove it Twenty seven or one at five sixty five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line The hot couples contest is just smoking me I'd like over seven thousand votes on a res of this morning I don't even I don't even look at it right now WCM hello Yeah I want to speak with Neilwind Speaking Neil I want you, Valley Pretty damn good, paly Hey listen I had to make a comment I'd like to hear your reaction Go right ahead, make a comment please I was watching just like a regular cable superstations He was really bad Steven Seagull movies with a karate chop Oh guys I saw Neilindston blood Right I had to turn it off I'm not one of these right wing tricks But I'm thinking this is a very violent movie And I stopped You know what this is wrong with the country Is that it's okay to have blood And multiple compound fracture bone wake Which can't be an area Right I'm thinking you didn't even say area or no more Don't be saying that Oh I'm sorry, did I just go bleed I know you didn't get bleed but I think starting tomorrow you might I tell you, I mean this is what we have We have a world-monging We're sexually repressed people We're familiar on the button and the finger somewhere else And hey I'm getting my passport That's it Okay, I'll see you the falls man He's gonna be a swim in right across Niagara Falls He'll be coming over floating in a barrel Tina for a lot of Dail says I was raised at Catholic when I was a child Some neighbor kids whose father was a Protestant preacher Of some denomination or forget Used to physically attack me for being a St. Morscherper I guess this guy that called before I mean I'm a little bit slow today Because it is Thursday already Northern Ireland would be a great place to look at right now So your little kids can't even walk to school Because the Protestants in the Catholics throw bricks at each other Okay, I'll get the kids That's those Irish Protestant Right, that's not a Christian for the little guys Anywhere she says now, I wonder where they ever got that idea Could have been their father Right The devil A St. Worshipper Don't stop his Jane for loaded in Lower East sweetheart I'm plotting right ahead Northern Ireland is a classic example man Where to continue dropping or when a bomb agrandor Whatever it's convenient because and then of course they have the Protestant marching days When they all put on their orange outfits and they march through the Catholic neighborhoods If they were gonna show you Yeah, we're gonna show you a thing or two and they as a matter of fact They do they bend over it and start right in front of each home I mean come on sir, would you grow up already? The world could be a beautiful place I know what sounds ridiculous because it's ludicrous because it's the biggest taxes and business going anywhere The biggest racket any place is religion And the biggest reader of hate Look back at 9-11 Look at all this crap that's going on in the world And this is why this media that we've got They're so scared crapless, so he said it again But I put the less on it, see less crap more filling I put them they're so scared crapless of organized religion They don't dare I mean only once in a great while when you see somebody on there who even Like Bill Marr who am I can't stand by the way But nonetheless, I will give him credit for talking about religion being a pile of crap When he was on King that night And Larry kept saying, uh-huh Uh-huh Yeah, it's all he had to say Because he wasn't going to touch that with the 10th floor, Mizziza 560560 560 Pound 560 The only religion man is dietary Judaism Angle gets him good, Delhi Each yourself gives up and public don't Oh, you're clog your arteries too much And it'll be a fine life, okay And leave all arrest of us alone with a gobbledy group And the passion of Jesus and Abraham and holy Moses And all of these things, you know? Enough of that bull crap Too many important things going Desk where things going on in the world that they And almost nobody's got the balls To talk about him openly and honestly, I get this interloper call Which is fine, he's entitled, calling in from somewhere in the Midwest He hasn't figured out where he's from yet Maybe from hunger Give me a lecture about, oh, where, how can you say that like it's true How can you say these things? Very simple, I open my mouth and watch my lips move, okay sir Watch my lips Oh, back to him You mean, you mean, you mean that amazing? Just look at the speaker on your radio and watch the move WCWM, hello Can I deal? Yes sir How are you going? It's going great Hey, I don't think everybody is a good choice for carried away money Makes the odds of you No, why do you say that? Well, because first of all, carries, I can't want to guide Better looking and speak out of the need of Yeah Second of all, I think you want to take a money made Who can attack you that part in and never just connect the guy He needs to get popcorn, that's what you need He wants to implore it up Never happened Why do you think? I grew the ML4 Bob Graham, I like Bobby Graham I think he would be fine and would guarantee you afford to win But C. John Edwards, you're looking at the wrong way Because the fact Edward looks living in breathing He would distract attention when he's on the stage together People would look at Kerry and see how scary he looks So it would be good You don't think the people would say that he's going to be the one The running instead I had to take a good call for up from him Well, I don't think so Because the polls did not say that yet And in addition, what you'll see a week from next Tuesday Kerry's been a whicter floor with him Because they don't have those interlopers The Republicans ended up paying the same for the other Primers like they didn't Wisconsin Right I don't keep Bobby Graham on my little scene I have a little job I'm all for Bobby, maybe in those BDIs man He's the man He's the man Thank you He's I agree with him I don't have to do a selling job with me I love Bobby Graham He was the first one talking about the whole Fony Warren About this whole connection between I al Qaeda and the Sotomayor was not in the first place And about all these terrorist cells that we have here And we're doing a pretty crappy job of it And all the other garbage He was the first one Long before Howard Dean I feel sad about the whole Howard Dean thing Because he degenerated from really having balls in the first place To just I guess bad advisors or bad I don't know Or maybe he woke up on day and looked at his wife And said I just tell with it Not seriously I don't know what happened in because he became more and more feeble I kept telling you during the debates Well I was really disappointed in the beginning He was like a house on fire And he had all those momentum He had the young people all whipped up into a frenzy And there was a big internet movement He was raised in all of that money And then he just became a more family and bubbly And I think one of the point that really started Making me wonder was that Brown and Black debate And Iowa remember that? Yes And Sharpton asked him how many black members That were in his cabinet And when he was governor of Vermont And but to be better and he totally fumbled it And then the next day said he wasn't prepared for the question This was a question about race It was the black and brown debate About minorities And he wasn't prepared for the question He wasn't prepared to run That was the problem He did a lot of ballsy things of great But he just And you know people are just going to say well You know the media was unfair Well that's true but then this is the point When you're running your presidential campaign You can't be unpresident because you don't need you to the cross I'm sorry That was a bad question That was a bad question Okay, I'm so sorry I apologize I'm so sorry This is for trading a place You way I got a great story about Bob Jones University of Manicue, Tom You're going to love him There he was just a walkin on the sea Saying to what it did it done They did it done He's a man from the land of Cali Saying to what it did it done They did it, he's good He's good He's good He's good He blended Ted change his water into wine The next thing I knew we had Only man on his feet Saying to what it did it done They did it do They're blinded a prophecy and the tomaz o' the hear and to what it did it done paper But what it did it does I to what done Cotton Whoa, oh some say he's the son of God. Yes, they do, but there's other people who get so out. Now he's the reason that we have any sad day, so, and to what they did, it don't get it out. And he's the reason that all the Christians pray to say, and to what they did, it don't get it out. They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down, praise him, kneel down, amen, kneel down, amen. The water, thorny crown, do I did it, did it, dumb, did it, dumb, did it, do? You are dead, is it, dumb, or you, do I did it, did it, dumb, he's the two. Oh, you are dead, did it, dumb, he's the two. Oh, he's the two. Trump 46 and 560WQ, I'm gonna thank the God at call before. I had forgotten, I didn't forget, but I put away in a back of my mind, and behind Harold and Sandy Fisher and Walter Ross and Red Ross. I have more important things to think about. About the Bob Jones University flap. How that I would ever forget about Bob Jones. Pat you cannon, you'll recall spoke there. Yeah. Before W. Put it any rate! Here's an article I found on the internet just now did little search and Bob Jones University to come up with something really quick to give you an idea, and again for that guy who's looking for an education from the Midwest who can't find one there. Vena Thomas writes Bob Jones True Colors. George W. Bush was heavily criticized for appearing at Bob Jones University and not acquitted the college known for being racist and anti-cathlete. He's made no attempt to distance himself from any of the philosophers of the university, perhaps leading some people to think he's supported the college's beliefs, though Bush denied the allegations and subsequently apologized the image remained in the public's eye. Not sure how a university could be both racist and anti-cathlete can get away with it. I decided to do some research. I located the college's website and began to browse. Not surprisingly, the site had an entire section devoted to recent press coverage and in defense of the institution. Bob Jones, the tour president of Bob Jones University, wrote a formal press release in support of his college, it reads like a used car salesman's pitch. Bob Jones manages to alienate half the people in his speech whom he so desperately needs to convince the support of his college while championing religious freedom in the US, he marks Islam Judaism and Roman Catholicism as he wonders why some of their fundamental beliefs have been attacked sooner. Wait, isn't he supposed to be trying to convince us that he and his university are not anti-cathlete? Religious freedom and allowing others to believe in practice what they want is one of the ideas upon which this country was founded, yet a Bob Jones kept insisting that he was not any Catholic, what would cause others to think so. There must be a complication here. Sure enough, upon reading a transcript of Larry King interviewing Bob Jones, I found a clue. Stated Larry King, but if you call the Pope the anti-crisis, you'll offend Catholics. Instead of refuting this statement or done I had ever done such a thing, he instead supported himself. Yes, but you know, article 6 of the Westminster Confession caused the Pope at anti-crisis reported Jones. Not anti-cathlete? His repeated analysis of anti-cathlete beliefs were fast-waring thin, especially way to could hardly make it through it to now without bashing Catholics. Undoubtedly, his case wasn't helpful when Larry King asked, did you call George W. Bush's father or devil and Jones replied, you know I did? Bob Jones seemed very confused by King and managed to trip up often and look like an idiot, as Jones later ran and raved about all the liberals that Harvard and Yale King had to remind him that George W. Bush graduated from Yale. Jones had nothing to counter with, except, well it's possible for him to come through the system and not buy into it. What about the allegations of racism? In the course of defending himself from such allegations Jones managed to insinuate that blacks and other races come from broken homes and abuse of families, as he clueless at how the support himself or does he just have opinions too strong to hide for very long. What exactly were the allegations? Apparently Bob Jones' University has had an official ban on interracial dating for many many years. It's just a vacation. We stand against the one world government against the coming world of anti-cright, which is a one-world system of blending all differences of blending of national differences, economic differences, church differences into one big, ecumenical world. VJ uses it with preferred to keep the races separate as a student put it, my own personal belief is that God has made racist perfect, God has made white perfect in blacks or the orientals and he hasn't given us any reason to win or mixed those races. But he has made them perfect. It's not a policy that discriminates against the whites of the blacks or the orannels, but it's a policy that's equal of two-all three of the races. Excuse me, all three of the races don't they teach students a VJ, you do not everyone fall so neatly to one of these three categories? After the media spotlight hit VJ, you suddenly demand an interracial dating was dropped. There's sudden decision to eliminate the ban, troubled me almost as much as they're having it. Said Jones, we have a broader testimony and if all anybody can see is this rule which we never talk about or preach, which most of our students could even tell you what it is, why should we have this here as an obstacle? If Jones claims this rule is so insignificant then why was it implemented for so many years and why did students have such strong views favoring the ban? On the reverse side, if the rule was so important to the university as it seemingly implied by its existence, why did they instantly eliminate it when it was attacked? What about standing up for your beliefs? What are Bob Jones' universities' true beliefs? What does Bob Jones deterred we to stand for, does he have the strength to stand for anything? The father me bothers me most is that someone like Bob Jones can preach what he likes, including prejudice and animosity toward other religions and can shape the minds of impertable college students, all under the guise of freedom of religion. Where do we draw the line? Sadly, Bob Jones can stand on the soapbox and preach what he likes and no one can stop him. What a beautiful column by Vina Thomas on the internet. And that nice? Christians don't hate. I mean, just a shock in this may and that call is voice. I can't believe you're saying these things like you really believe them. My bad. My bad. It's your bad. That's bad. I'm a bad guy because I tell the truth. Let's see Boston the music's to him it just facts this in. Libraries to get 124,000 CDs to spring as part of a settlement. The music selection libraries across the state of Massachusetts is about to get much better as part of a 143 million dollar national settlement of a lawsuit over CD prices. The 488 public libraries and Massachusetts will be receiving 124,000 music discs more than 1900 different titles this spring. In addition, 68,000 consumers who submitted claims to be functioned be seeing checks for almost 14 bucks a piece in a mailbox in the coming week a 30 general time are all he said. Massachusetts was one of 40 states that agreed to settle a lawsuit which accused major record companies and large music retailers out conspiring to set minimum prices on music. Under that settlement, a total of three and a half million people are to get checks and schools across the country will get 75.7 million dollars worth of CDs. So there you go. So there are your refunds and buy a Schmidt load of blank CDs and burn baby burn says the facts. How do you like that? Shame on you sir. Shame on you. They're going to be and of course if you don't get that spyware and software and upware and in where and outware, underwear. I'm still nervous. Oh, but I installed that the spy killer thing. Eric, I mean really nervous. Where did you get that? And you better run on installing the I also just calm down here. Okay, I'm going to I'm going to make 80 stories for them. I'll just to keep you on your toes. All right, 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless one. I've just got a big line out there. QA in Van from Adel 2 is a Thesignor stereo in Pembroke Pines, 9019 Pines of over that's on Pines and Douglas. Stop by the wind t-shirts, patches tickets and take a look at Scott and see exactly what we were talking about all that time. Believe me, one look and you'll know what they know. They'll what? Don't know. WQA in Hello. Yes, I'll. Yes, sir. Good. I think maybe since the national brother as we wish to have a barbecue put some in the home as real. Yeah. Yeah. How about you? Delivery. How about your ass? That's the crazy guy. Yeah. But have a nice day. And we've got a few crazy people in the course. That's what it's all about. WQA in Hello. Not there. QA in Hello. QA in Hello. QA in. QA in. QA in. Neil. Beesley broadcasting at its finest. Yes, sir. Are there any countries in the world that allow game marriages? Yes. Which ones? Netherlands, Canada. I was about to say if we thought we're going to do it here first. I don't think that's going to happen. We're about as cutting edges a wooden like nice. I've been spoon, yeah. Yeah. I don't think it has much hope, but I hope it goes through. Well, good luck to us, pal. Laura, you'll be pleased. No, Laura Bush still like it. Yeah. Would you have gotten married if you had that opportunity? No. Anybody gets married of any orientation has got to be a lunatic. Good luck, sir. All right. I'm all against marriage. Head of sexual homosexual. I mean, it doesn't require making babies that went out with the, you know, the bath water. Everybody in her brother, even Letterman, for example, let a little cocker, he's making babies as he married. Oh, he ain't going to get married. He said. So what's that cut to do with anything? Oh, there goes all our more ways out to win. Well, that's all you straight people. I don't see any gay people overpopulating the world making too many babies. This is what I'm thinking. I could be wrong about that. Although, two of those dice out there in Frisco that they were interviewing the god married last week. And they said, oh, well, we're planning on planning on having a family and having some babies. And I thought for myself, oh, okay. Now, how does that work? Oh, there's a variety of ways. If you're talking about it, they weren't talking about adopting. Right. Maybe they were talking about having like those Michael Jackson type babies. You know, we got really nice wonderful guy. And Josh will be happy to inseminate. Oh, practically anybody. Yeah, but they want to be art. I'm sure they don't want to like, oh, see your thing. Oh, no. We got the sheet that we borrowed from the head city. No, no. Now, only from a test tube. Okay. So get out your test tube and fill out baby up and the send it on. Bring the face on along. Like it to watch the turkey. Baster sure. Five, six, seven, five. So the AFL CIO endorsing a John Kerry's bid. Oh, I love that music. It's about doing a good thing on CNN. That music at the end of the year. I get goosebumps. The worst music they play is the theme to crossfire. They're probably doing that intentionally because they want that show off of your badly. It's a horrible show. And the thing with all of these shows is they're getting into some really intense like the future of the world is in. You got to. And then you hear the music in about, well, we got a break. Sorry. Thank you very much for being with us and you're like Chris Matthews. Oh, you're great. You're a great guest. You know, everybody's great with him. He gets on my nerves. I mean, he's balls. He'll say that. But boy, he just he's just he'll ask somebody. He's always got to be the center of attraction. In other words, I don't know why he has the guest on there. Like a prop. He'll ask the question. They'll start to answer it. And then he just continues jumping in to make it look like he's a hard ass interviewer. But he does let him say anything. Does he ever reach reach? Can he talk like a normal person? No, he's not capable of doing that. So he's one of how many reasons? Not good man. I know buddy. Was his MSNBC except you and me once in a great while. Like at a morning for I'm as for a few chuckles. And of course for our good friend, Bo Diedle. 12.56 at 5.60 WQAM. If you're thinking to buy a new car or truck, oh, don't buy a beetle. If you want to save really big and I'd like you to save. I had a lot of cash. It Armstrong's Toyota of Homestay. You'll find him on US one. Just 20 easy minutes out of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestay is worth the drive no matter where you are because you're going to save yourself. Thousands and thousands of great new, unbeatable Toyota's. Check out these great prices waiting for you right now. An O4 Corolla loaded, including air that you own for just 12.99. An O4 Camry with air automatic and lots lots more, just 16.99. Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota tumbler? The safest truck in America from just 14.99. And when you buy your new vehicle that Armstrong's Toyota Homestay, you get free sun fast. This was the first eater on all of South Florida off of your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Rich, the entire staff will do everything and under the sun to put you in a great new Toyota day and make you an unbeatable deal. So experience for yourself, the Armstrong Toyota Homestay difference. They're locally owned and operated. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction. Even their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure that your service work is done and done right. Like I said, can be the location for your US-1 and 2.93th street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the 836. If you're tired of those mega dealers who always over promised an under deliver, then the thing to do is called David Rich, Armstrong's Toyota Homestay GM, Call him a 305, 242, 3247, 305, 242, 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. I have a little bit of a crap load. I'm sorry. I'm a great new Toyota. My and local, who are sports radio 560s, you and you, A.M. This is Jimmy Fibiker. You need to know how to jump, Jimmy. I'll still listen to the 1 to 2 hours. He's crazy, Lord. Unmustacably, this is television at its best. Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI. What are the cops say to you when he stops you? You're blood alcohol was pretty high. How did you feel the day after? You're probably going to have a cellmate that thinks you're kind of cute. What do you think's going to happen? I'm sad, dad. Diana, be strong. You can do it. What are you going to say the moment you get out of jail? I'm not going to be a good one. This has been a presentation of ABC News. 101 at 560, it's our big one to two. Our Mad Dog at two, Huparet 4, Hurricane Island at 7. The big, oh, at the NFL combat, whatever it is. Don't tell me again, Josh. I don't want to know. 8 to 10 tonight. And then, any K10, Joe and Mark overnight, 2 to 5 at a more. And don't forget, Joe and Mark tonight, 10 30 to 12 30 at the Sandbar grill in the grill. Stop out of win tickets and t-shirts are usual. Very low budget crappy QM prizes and enjoy $3.00 in best lights tonight, 10 30 with Joe and Mark at the Sandbar in the grill. They'll be in a best imitation of Diana Ross. 743 votes on a pull not too bad. What's your take on a religious right? There's nothing. There are nothing but hate-mongering morons 237. The whole religion thing is a big racket to 113. I don't mind if they just leave me alone, 94. In other words, let them do what they want. Believe me alone, would you please? No. They're full of Shiite, 66. They gave their brains away to Fakers 48. I'm one of them praise God 44 or 5.9% and are the biggest purverts of all 41. I'll hear you say that. Everything you need to know about religions says Joe, the fact you're this. Basic message, please be tolerant of religion. My religion, not yours. Sounds like that Pokemon brand. Or else. Or else. Or else. Well, you'll meet your maker. And monocenic, shoot you with a bullet of love. 5605, please speak to the anti-Christ. I got that great article about Walmart, but it's not too long. It's on our website. Walmart nation, the race to the bottom. Los Angeles is now my kind of town, but the Angelinos are about to take a stand that ought to be applauded across the country's says Floyd McKay. That's status to say no to Walmart's Supercenter that retailing giant hopes to open in the city. These superstars are not your founders Walmart, their monstrous sprawling over some 25 acres and employing up to 600 workers their lure of course is lower prices. Walmart, it seems to me, he says it pitomizes the race to the bottom that has the US by the throat as the 21st century opens. Why do people shop at these behemoths when they know full weather that they're driving out of existence small businesses owned and operated by their neighbors and employing other neighbors? They shop because of price and they're forced to do so by the declining standard of living we've offered working people for more than a generation. People are work for minimum wage, but little or no benefits, who can't afford to fix their car or their kids' teeth had no choice but to search out the lowest prices. Walmart buys offshore without a apology and for the cheapest possible prices from companies paying the lowest possible wages. As jobs in America are lost to foreign sweatshops to feed the Walmart engine, American workers are forced to accept jobs in lower pay with bad working conditions, their fun with the Walmart's promise to cheap goods and affect patronizing the very companies that cause their economic misery. This is a cruel, privacy and working people in these countries. While their practice is alleged abuses of labor laws, hiring illegal and the low rate of pay in benefits of Walmart served to the press labor market and communities in which the giant is located. This is a major factor in LA's opposition to the Supercenter. They're going to have the balls to say to Walmart, you can be the whole thing on our website please. Just say no to Walmart. And what was I saying this the other day pretty soon? In matter just a few years, they're going to be like five, six companies own everything. All the retail outlets, all the restaurants, all the newspapers, all the radio stations, all the TV stations, you name it, it'll be them. And either do business with them or work for them or baffongula baby, that's it. That's your choice. How many QAM hello? Yes sir. I played golf with a good friend of yours and great guy is I had no idea this guy was a thief and because you made him up to be a monster. Demeless man. You know who you? No I don't. Yeah I've made him up to be a monster. Is this older JT is about James Taylor? JT? I played golf for them today. I've been awesome and he was a really nice guy. I know I do who to lunch and give me a name. I'm about Jack something. How about dumping it? 567, all five 60 pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless minus that's sad or what? I'm not beside myself. Yeah I'll meet too. Anyway the beat goes on. WQM hello. Hey Neil how's it going? Pretty good. Is a screw in single? I like a rest. Hey listen. Single or not man you can have all you want. Correct. I'm just plenty there for everybody. Now she's a double line. 567, all five 60 pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQM hello. The two is killed Jesus. Two bastard. Two bastard. That was Mel Gibson Daddy. That was Mel Gibson Daddy. Have a nice life Daddy okay. He saw some help before it's too late. I think it's too late anyway. That's new. He's 189 or something. He's 122. WQM hello. He's just misunderstood. Hello. Can you wait listening to any of the car with a radio wheel? There's squeeze it. No time to wait man. They're dead. WQM hello. Hi. Can you hear me? Yes it is. Oh hi Neil. I don't know if you're written a paper. There was a company that got a contract to supply Kentines and all these things like that they lowballed everyone else who was an American company owned partly by this Chalabi guy. Four of these three. Right. The criminal from Syria that we put in charge of in Iraq. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. So I did know that spoiled. Well, for opposed to a feather man, anyway, mean these people don't  VISITED N's just by accident. Yeah. Yeah. Unbelievable. Keep it up Neil, tangerine. I'll see you to Board a man. Five six seven 0 5 60 pound f. Seth Husq'ow School Programme and he says he don't know nothing about it. And nobody knows nothing about Andrew Oncretchen. He just keeps saying, Bush is a moron. That's why I like John Cretchen. He had balls. He had balls to say no one erect. He had balls to say that Bush was a moron. So there's a little graphical. And now 165 million my god. They pee that away and wash them like about two minutes. And just a few seconds. About thirty minutes. 560560. We're going to get forty five thousand calls on you. You'll see, you know, we have almost 8,000 votes on the contest. I didn't know that. On a hunt couple's contest. Last time I checked at the top of the hour was 7,754, which means by the time we finished tomorrow at the 155, there could be like 10,000 votes for the hottest couple. So Governor Sels according to that. So I continue. Hop on it. WQAM Hello. QAM. Who wants to? To late. WQAM Hello. New God. Yes sir, speaking. How are you? Pretty good. Good. Listen, hey, I just found this out. This is really interesting. I got to my local head supply place and look like F. Crop, I guess, came in and raided everybody. Yeah. I didn't realize that. Did you where we were at that? Was that where what? Well, they seem like that they, that they, that they waited, you can't sell the bulls. They were the pipes anymore. Right. He was just, you just discovered that? Well, I didn't realize that. I, I, I, I, I travel a lot. So I really, really, really. That. And I, and I wasn't, I wasn't too sure. Anyhow, are you coming to do, uh, are you coming to the Toronto game? The Toronto hockey game? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got the Panthers? No chance. I won't be there. Are you still in Canada? Yes sir. Oh, how was it? I'm coming to the Toronto Florida Panther game March 9th. I believe it is here. Oh, March 9th. Okay. And I sure hope, Trevor Keating played in that game. Man, you've to have Trevor Keating back by the way for the Panthers for Not heard that. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. Oh, that's the same. Have you seen the biggest though? Uh, I'm not going back. They got my money. They in fact are going to go a whole new casino now just with the money I left. Have a great day, Palette. Fine. I'm going to, uh, the convenience store left for the show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. You've been to a Vegas lately, George? Not lately, there. Why not? What about you, Josh? Soon. Are you going? Yeah. May. You may go or you're going in May. I'm going in May. And we're going to stay. Have your reservations already? New York, New York. Well, that's not bad right across in the really good place the. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You give it to New York. New York, New York's okay. It's a little, uh, how many New Yorkers in there? Not really. It's just fine. It's a little on a cheesy side. It's, it's all right. It's fair. Cheesey? I don't believe you. Huh? Well, you know what I mean. Yeah. I think cheesy, it's like, uh, I don't know. You'll see what I mean. It's not as cheesy as, um, the Luxor. And what, what's the other one on a corner? I can ever think of the Excel. It's not the Excel. It's caliber. Yeah. That's all right. It's caliber. That's really cheesy. A little black and unreal palace. Can I give you a, will you stop? We'd finally put that guy to sleep already out there. What is, uh, not seem obelious and you're starting up with them again. I'd let them do it with the cars. Good. And anyway, uh, Excalibur. Don't go in here. Number one and number. It's right across the street as you know from New York, New York and number two, the food and they're just horrible. Pretty hard to find bad food and Vegas, you know, even in the near casinos, but Excalibur. Fet. Even the glam, won't you? Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. WCWM, hello. Yes, I, I, I tuned in late to Neil. I don't know whether or not he's going to article in the New York Times about, uh, uh, new law in Paris, where you can carry your dead, Beyonce. Uh, I talked about that the other day. Two days ago. Okay. Smith that one. Thanks. Thanks. Five. Remember that? You dead Beyonce? She married her dead fiance. Oh, the fiance. Oh, yeah. Now he's having a little difficulty, you know, consummating the marriage, but nevertheless, she'll work it out. I goes on all the time down here. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. Be sure and tell me about that. I don't know. But you, you, I am, hello. Hey, Neil. Pretty good. Yeah, I was going to change the subject. I know that. That's a lot on the shelf. Um, have you ever seen the movie Strange Fruit? Uh, no, I played the song a lot on the ear, but I never saw the movie. No, it was like a, it was like a 80s movie. Um, yeah, and it was a song by, uh, who the hell did that cream? The yard bird, right? No, no. Cream, green, green, cream, cream, CR, EAM cream. Lock them. Lock them. We still say that. Oh, we can't say cream no more. Yeah. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60. Um, I think he's been to that strange brewer is what he's been. In fact, maybe he got the device that the other guy was looking for. I don't want to say, ball. That would be fine. Water pipe. There you go. Yeah, that's so much more antiseptic. In fact, I'm just surprised that a guy like for real, you know, who's always dropping wild thugs. I'll take your children. I'll sell them. Descentation. Oh, by the way, in case you're watching at the Haitians, they're still revolting. Case you keep in their tans on that. 113 is 5, 16 W to QM, the mad dog will be long and two o'clock to regal you with all sorts of stuff about sports. Just love those sports. We can't afford to look for something exciting to do something breathtaking. They can get you to jump up in yellow and cheer or bitch about as the case may be. Come on up to pop in a park racing and poker. Do not bet a wally henna see please. Cheer for your horse from the railroad. Enjoy finding out at the top of the park. Rest early as you watch the only night time horse racing in Florida. Playing poker is your game and match your skills at pop at a park's fabulous card room with those other AKs. Live racing and poker takes place five days a week. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Like tonight first post-am will be 705 of a live racing and the poker room is open right now noon to midnight every live racing day. Coming up tomorrow Friday will be the second route of the $125,000 MacLebel Trotting series and Saturday is the second route of the $250,000 dollar, I'll equip racing series plus there will be as usual free prize runs on Saturday too. Even if you know the difference between Bob Boe Mar and Buddy Boe Mar, if you're in T you'll still have a great time and even Marty Perrano. You'll still have a great time at Pompatopark. Easy to get there just to have mouth from both I and I. I. Pompatopark is a piece of cake to get to and I feature free admission free general parking each and every day. If you want to racing schedule go online at pop at o park dot com or call for more information at 9504 970 2000 don't forget first post time tonight at Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. I. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. Okay. P.M. P.M. P.M. Okay. Yeah. Pompatopark 705 and a P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.K. Hopefully you have an opponent! We'll just close the Top of our C.D. Unless, if I... you'll turn. Excellent. Every life is so low. Yes I'm all alone, My best friend I'm gonna go for the ride. Oh, that's okay. Oh, that's okay. Oh, that's okay. Oh, that's okay. Well, there's both these words, so we're not forgot because I spoke too much fine. I learned a lot of blues and everybody out here is vocal fine. I saw a flying belly and a real touch like that. Oh, that's not your vibe. That's not your vibe. Oh, that's not your vibe. That's not your vibe. Oh, right. In 18 at 5.60, WQM happy turds day to you. This is the greatest bass I've had in a long time. This hour anyway. The passion of Christ, a weapon of mass indoctrination. See, not beautiful. Thank you very much, whoever sent that. That's a beautiful song, a weapon of mass indoctrination. Well said. Well, speaking of that, I didn't get a chance for this one yesterday, but here it is today. From the New York Daily News, a Queen's priest who's listed the large crimes and codes Crank calling a Catholic High School and packing a pistol. We have confessed yesterday to another sin stealing from a long island church. The Reverend John Johnston 64, pretty good to one kind of grandlars, the felony punishable by a toy or jail. Now saw a system district attorney Steven Stephanie Meister said, John said a minute stealing 50 grand from St. Martin of Tour Church in Bethpage from 1998 to 2003, 50 Gs. KG's. Johnston who worked part time at a church for a church for 25 years actually was suspected of his taking as much as a 100 grand from its weekly collection plates, stealing 60 to 100 bucks after each Sunday mass. Well he probably had to mods an end to take care of you know. And when cops searched his bottoms, when cops searched his jet-nights, Queens of Parmanlyst fall, Johnston led him to a bag stuff a more than 80 grand. Some of the money still sealed and green envelopes, bearing personars names. Oh my God, audio suckers out there. Keep handed over these grave robbers all your cash on your heart or money. It's like blackmail if you want to go to heaven, then hand it over like you're being held up at gunpoint. But Meister said, what was his name again? Meister? Or her name? Stephanie Meister. The Stephanie Meister. Meister said that after reviewing the priest bank accounts, Prussia Gudis came up with a $50,000 figure because it was the amount we could prove. It's unlikely, Johnston served any jail time when St. Staples 16 by Nassau County Judge Donald Delphi is attorney Joe Stella said his time was offered probation by Prussia Gudis because he's agreed to pay church back to 50 grand. They will be made more than whole, Stella said. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. They will be made more than whole. Are you spawning that with a W or an H? Stella said he couldn't come out of why the priest took the money or what he did with it until the charges he faces in Brooklyn and Queens are resolved. He has no habits, no problems, the guy was without vices other than this. No gambling, no women he's running with, no little boys, no nothing. He just likes steel and money. And it all listen to this. Johnston said was a spowsh when cops went to his Queens of Parvand, October 7 to arrest him for allegedly making profanity lace calls to the principal of Bishop Glockman High School in Brooklyn. He has no other problems. In addition to the cash police also found gay porn and on license gun in the stash of Nazi memorabilia, a virtual shrine that they third write in his closet included German flags, helmets, daggers swised to cousin pictures of it off Hitler. He has no problems. Johnston was a respected English and religion teacher for 23 years that or took a prep school in Summit, New Jersey, where he was finally referred to as father JJ. A source at Johnston referred to as Stephen from the Long Island Church as his 401k plan. Wow. The motive behind the vulgar messages left for Brother Dennis Cronin and Bishop Lachum was less clear, but prosecutor said he'd be a graduate against the DLSL Christian brothers who went to Brooklyn High School. Some investigators speculated that Johnston was angry with the former principal of the orphan school who became the headmaster of the territory prepping whom he blamed for forcing him to retire. While there he goes, some make some crank calls and by the way enjoy your gay porn and your swastiepe is. Very good. No issues. He's going to pay back and make him hold. I say we like to hear the whole of the ground and stick his ass in or as soon as his bottom in there. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless. We do take calls by the way on the near Roger show on QA. As long as they're not about sports. WQM hello. Yes. We don't discuss your gay marriage. I just won't question across my mind. And what was that my who do your friend? Did you get in the bottom of the town? Yeah, what's going to be a very short call. Same old stuff. You know, that go bottom by the way to use your back to the bottom, not bottom. Not that either bottom. How do you say bottom in this bundle? Fondal. I don't be saying Fondal your bottom. That's even worse. Of course you could say the ad a set to court for it. And what is that? Cool. Oh no, no, no. I'm leaving. Best to make cool. No. 560560 pound 560. Right. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. It's like a smells like Lallock. WQM hello. I got to watch you. Yes sir. Hey, thank you talking about violence and nudity and stuff. What was going on last week with my, I'm going to get front of our, or these Mason people. Oh, no. Oh, no. So there. Now how do they shake hands? They give it the secret handshake and kick your climbing. He's never showed in. I never asked. Okay. It was a nail. I don't know what they know. But their kids aren't allowed to watch the Simpsons. Oh, no. They're cheap. So, you know, there's not a lot of things. They're doing what you're all as violence on TV, which drives me in my wife's night. I think I know about it. I think I know the guy who's talking about it. He's a company of men who does it. So, when we go to the movies and when they're kind of like a loving scene comes up, they got to, they make their kids close their eyes and put their heads down. Oh, I'm so low. Oh, I'm hilarious. It's crazy. Oh, another thing, if I may, add something. Yes sir. Please. When George W was talking about two weeks ago about, when he was on me depressed. I mean, did that just die down or was the media just trying to distract us with movie gay and try not to even talk about what a bad job he did there. And so, when I don't forget about Carrie G. To Carrie, uh, uh, uh, intern G. Yeah. From the cut report, they lasted, uh, how many of them say that last time? It's not third man. Yeah. Anything to distract the public and distract the public. You got on the way. The clogged floor. The dog. You got it. Um, these, um, the business people in their, um, in the media. Amen. Okay. I'll see you in Sarni Ontario, man. I'll say it. Okay. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll see a flamber down, so we're by Hamilton. W to Q amp. Hello. Hey, how are you today? Pretty good. Just quick. Copy off. I haven't front of me. One of those wonderful arbitra and diaries. Oh, right. Here's a guy that we love dearly, man. And guess what? The only question they really need to ask me was before we disconnected on our phone call. Right. What my descent was, did I have any Hispanic descent in my family? Oh, but wait. So in other words, they did their follow up with the phone call. All right. I actually thought of twice. Good. Oh, thank goodness. Because, you know, the fall book was all screwed up because they weren't following up for the A Diaries with phone calls. So as a result, the ethnic minority people who get five bucks instead of what do you get? Two bucks? Exactly. I think that's what they were saying all the damage back. Right. I just did it. My neighbor got twice as much as we did. His last name before us. I was cracking out by said I said, you're that familiar by your way in. Tell me your name is Rodriguez, man. Fifty bucks. Neil, one thing. Yes, sir. I missed Nick Tau. I don't know about you, but I still missed Nick Tau. Well, what can I tell you? Victor Anderson for Lauderdale. Dick, care. I'll see you down in Boseman. Thank you. Bye. Okay. We love that guy a lot, don't we? A lot. We need everybody's help. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Should I just check that contest thing? One real quick time. No, I don't want to. I'm not going to check the individual votes because that thing is just too complicated. But at the bottom, 7,820. Have you do it? So wouldn't surprise me. We got 8,000 by the time we leave today to a clock and certainly by the time I sit my fat ass down here tomorrow there will be over 10,000 votes. And by the end of the show since they're going to be so friendly. God only knows. What kind of a wild crap is going to be on there, right? Speaking of wild crap on our website, don't miss the lovely, uh, what's an insurance stone? Right. Very tasteful and Michael Powell. And then, of course, right under Sharon Stone is Michael Powell. Very tasteless. Not quite so very tasteless. And even more tasteless than either one of them underneath Michael's big pals is Miss Fudge. And she's looking for it. She's looking for the latest stain. Looks like she's kind of sniffing at it too. My life. And whoa. This is for 2550. I'm so glad you're doing it. Hey, my name is John. And five six. Oh, W-U-A-N. Where? Have I been to make that bitch into the biggest bitch in the whole wide row? Did you think bitch is there? One bitch in the big two. I'm going to make two. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. When they started 18 of it. Then they just went to the big two. I'm going to make it into the big ten. Come on, man. I'm a-M-E-H. And you have a big half. Have I been to the big and bitch in the whole wide row? I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. Hey, my name is John. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. I'm going to make that bitch into the big ten. So join DC, Factson, and said, did you ever get around to seeing South Park the movie? I sure did. I sure did. One of the all-time best. P.S.E.S.S. Crap, poop, and cuckoo. Thanks, girl. Well, this is last day. Can say, crap for the cuckoo. Huh? Go on out of business sale. Well, it's exactly right. Just be very careful. Biccad. Yeah, poop. Just for a while. You have to put on my Mr. Well, don't do it again. Tell me along at two. We can say those things on his own show because it's a sports show. What's it? Why I can say those on the sports show is right? That's a movie. It's okay. It's a different category. It's for real men. Not for children. Not for overgrown children. 800.8 votes. What's your take on the religious right? They're nothing but hate-mongering morons 257. The whole religion thing is a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's a big racket. It's quite good. WMO. The guy is so funny to me as well. Just tell me how is it like today? And I agree with a lot of your views right he's political and religious and all that We're a fan But you know I'm not a fan that a fact oh so okay and My question is why it's to see you in whammy used to wear the little Jewish hat though Yamagawa Yeah, that was a joke Oh the joke Whammy Got it sucks yeah Oh, okay, hey And the whole shirt is a joke in fact whammy was a joke Oh, that was all joke I know I saw it every time I saw you whammy was boring. I don't know why But when I'm here in the rage Because you're right I put the show together at blue it was horrendous Yeah, and Hey, do you like like Howard Stern? I mean No No, right I mean he does the same crap, you know No chance he didn't do any of these dice and boobs man. That's his show Dixin book I mean if you like Howard Stern more power to you, but you wait till he starts here He shows start next week man now that the infinity's haven't nervous breakdown He's gonna be saying hello and goodbye and that's about basically it have a great day, pali See I Mean I hope for his sake because I don't I don't support any kind of censorship Okay, say whatever you want if you don't like it turn it off if you want to monitor your kids if you're afraid They're gonna hear something bad then don't let them listen to it. No, no, no, no Can't have the icy. Oh, that's right parental responsibility went out the window It's not the difference if you bring up your kids these good religion is what are they worried about? They're always the ones that are screaming for censorship But if they're instilling all these good values in their children, what are they worried about? It ain't the kids that's just a smoke screen. Of course What it comes down to is censorship that's what it's all about sensor repress repress sensors suppress Keep everybody goose stepping along in the line. Okay, you'll see oh, and this is Bush begin that by the way says game erages shocking for some shocking Poor Laura Bush She shot Santa Monica, California Laura Bush says game erages are a very very shocking issue Shh for some people a subject that should be debated by Americans rather than settled by Massachusetts court or the mayor of San Francisco Ashto she feels about the issue personally Mrs. Bush replies. Let's just leave it at that. Let's leave it to the people not the courts You know like whether blacks could vote or whether women could vote don't I mean don't let that be decided by the courts right or by the Constitution Let's leave it up to the people In an AP interview Mrs. Bush also endorsed Sectional sexual abstinence programs for teens which are slated to get double the current funding of the presence ladies budget proposal Sexual abstinence. It's kind of like Nancy Reagan just say like that Absence would be extensively discussed alongside contraceptions. She said we know it works. It's 100% fail safe Oh, she shouldn't have said that alongside contraception the Pope's gonna be parked off. Wow She said most teenagers already we see a lot of information about contraception options from the media I think it ought to be everything but I also think abstinence should be definitely talked about is what she said boy She boring or what man she almost makes me pine for Hillary and that's really a stretch you know it Yeah, she's almost enough to make Bubba pine for Hillary Which is really saying something 5 6705 60 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Just remember one thing kids religion equals hate. Okay. That's it. That's all you need to know and of course tax exempt cash But that's the stuff to keep it going Nobody QAM hello Yeah, sir I just got off the phone with my brother my conservative brother-law I'm just hop and fire up so excuse me if I'm Sound upset here. Okay. Come down. I'll take two I'm on one of these you heard any news. I started with a duet today Bob the guy right in the book right in the book about George Bush and for abortion Larry Flint Larry Flint. It's gonna be out this summer We talk about that on this show just before the election in 2000 and I've been and evidently the bush myster and his people got to the woman and she either disappeared for a while or she shut up or and Larry Flint couldn't get her to come for But now I've done like she's willing to spill the beans and even even the doctor who perform the abortion is supposed to be gonna talk in the book Oh my god, that's right We got to we got to get him out of there. That's for sure. I appreciate you now early enough a man I see ya don't forget vote many times Lord especially because the first 15 don't count Especially when it was die-bould voting machines that are already a pre-programmed Like they probably wouldn't sound good in our digital stereo our HD TV stereo whatever we got caught By the way anybody got one of those radios? No, aren't you entering department is pretty You're proud of that almost as proud as our 24 seven and almost as proud as the audio vault which crashes every day so we can really get to spots on here WQAM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I Yes, I took quick things deal well. I don't like bush, but I don't like the president Right, I was following about that the station's there is during the Super Bowl with hypocrites day out Condemn, Janet Jackson and they Commercials with us fighting in the girls face, but that was quite our right of Here out of there right box nip in the crotch erectile kills for right Take these pills and you'll be smiling the whole sea Alice right and It just cracked me up. I mean, you know, they condemn oh this was inappropriate for all those commercials with vinyl, right? There you go. That's America for you man. Yeah Go Patriots Yes, that's where I'm from No, okay, I just guessed it have a great day, pal. Thank you. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'll see you. Bye bye. Okay, Neil 21 till 200. I know he was from Boston But yeah, we just get my own the boss donions have a very distinctive accent and there are a lot of good boss donions most of them stayed up there He's a good one. Oh, we like him But most people like them when they just stay there because it's nice friendly place Except of course the Catholic church, but that's another story For another day or maybe it's a good story for today. Don't forget the male gifts and movie starts next Wednesday on Ask Wednesday Or are we taking that day off? Well, too. They need a holiday and aren't you lucky man? Since they got that vacation come up in the early near future They're gonna be foaming at them off about the passion of Jesus since you're that he the militant little Spick that always is screaming in yell about that. It's gonna be great Talking about I'm gonna play Jesus songs and read from the Bible Excellent Oh, good. I love it already 20 till 250 Q and the mad dog at two I got your breath so beautiful. Oh, so pop up like nothing you've seen before Excuse me, a steam father. What is it my child? Has something I must tell you? What is it my daughter? Oh father. I'm afraid to tell you afraid to tell me your own father. I fear I will be ashamed upon our family nonsense. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong You promise you was to love me of course my sweet child a father's love is not erased by a simple mislead Very well, I am I am I see You still love me father of course I do but since you're pregnant and not married yes father I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors I'll stone you today My daughter is written that this is the punishment for what you have done Could you check again? Only be grounded Grounding is not what? First of you scone It's the first step And the focus is on a fundamentalist Middle East in the family May I speak with you my esteemed husband? Oh Something to tell you I am having an affair Oh Out of the backyard Yes, I must drag you to the town square Where are you? Well of course be stone today No being in the world The lives of the black men They deal with them any problems that plague them Oh my I speak with you my esteemed father Last night a easy legal drugs Well, what do you know you are a one lucky boy? Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row You are a good guy In she The guiding she I just shot on location and bag there 155 or five 60 WCM speaking of that movie and that that we just played Replicate we saw this piece on the scene in this morning where you watch them when they show the nails Yes Replicate the nails used to hang Jesus on the cross have become the red hot official merchandise linked in Mel Gibson's controversial new movie The passion of the Christ Jesus Christ All these Jesus Christ is out there Pendants made from the pewter two and a half inch nails selling for 1699 all but flew out of a Christian publication bookstore on West 43rd Street in New York as soon as they were put on display Hundreds of stores across the country will be selling license that instead of the movie A graphically violent depictions of the last 12 hours of Christ life which opens next Wednesday on As Wednesday The souvenirs include a book pins key chains coffee mug in t-shirts Well, we wouldn't monitor like exploit The crucifixion of Christ for a fun and proper would we I got my Jesus slurpy mug But the most unusual collectibles are the nails each of which hangs on a leather cord It's side bears the inscription Isaiah 53 five referring to a Bible verse that begins He was pierced for our transgressions I think they were talking about Billy Pierce used to pitch for the white socks The family Christian story Newark Delaware received a large ship and a merchandise to sell to preview screening the film on Monday The response so far has been overwhelming They want to buy this product to store as manager teen and well instead of the nail pendants It's very symbolic for a lot of people so forget about those crosses man if you think the cross has some effect on Dracula just wait till you hold up that nail right Wow, and if that doesn't work, you know, it's Pokemon the eye with it exactly then or it may be professor about housing could use it A California covered is manufacturing the penance and other merchandise and a licensing agreement with Gibson Neither Gibson or the manufacturer return calls yesterday and in fact wouldn't be a lot needed to drive that those nails through the Harded Dracula instead of that gigantic spike The crosses become such a benign jewelry item the shock of its original form is lost to modern people said Charles House or publication manager in American Bible societies Not to instance for a biblical scholarship, but how that is choosing the detail of the spike would be to reinvigorate the image They're really trying to capture that that this was that days form of execution. Oh, maybe they can get some rocks from the guiding she ate But the Reverend forest church of all souls unitary and church on the upper East side you are called the pinnets macabre I expected prominence of the nail reflexed prominence of the gore in the movie itself He said that becomes the icon for identification. Well said now That's great about the scientists Decrying the White House And we're the guy talk about reports on our website, but it's short right Scientists accused White House of distorting facts the bush administration has deliberately insistomatically distorted scientific fact In it the service of policy goals on the environment health biomedical research and nuclear weapon We at home in abroad a group of about 60 influential scientists including 20 Nobel laureates said in the statement issued yesterday The sweeping changes were later discussed at a conference call with some of the scientists that was organized by the union of concerned scientists and Independent organization that focuses on technical issues and has often taken stands at odds with the administration policy The organization also issued a 37 page report yesterday that it said detailed the accusations Together the two documents accused the administration of repeatedly Sensoring and suppressing reports by its own scientists Stacking advisory committees with unqualified political appointees Disbanding government panels that provide unwanted advice and refusing to seek any independent scientific expertise in some cases Other administrations have on occasion engage in says practices, but not so Systematically you know on so wide or front the statement from the scientists said adding they believe the administration had missed Represent scientific knowledge and misled the public about the implication of its policies What how spokesman Scott McLean said yesterday he had not seen the tech to the accusations But he said I can assure you this is an administration to make decisions based on the best available science Dr Kurt Gondfreed and Emeritus Professor physics at Cornell who signed the statement in spoke in the conference call Said the administration and engaged in practices that were in conflict with the spirit of science and scientific method Dr. Goppy decided that what he called the Cavalry attitude towards science could place at risk the basis for the nation's long-term prosperity Health and military prowess The scientists denied they had any political motives in releasing documents as the 2004 presidential race began to take shape The organizations report Dr. Goppy said to take any year to prepare much longer than originally plan to be released as soon as it was ready I don't see it as a partisan issue at all said Russell train who served as an administrative the environment protect the EPA under President Nixon and Gerald Ford And was spoken the conference call in support of the statement if it becomes that way I think it's because the White House chooses to make it a partisan issue Mr. Train said again who served under Nixon and Ford in the EPA? So that was short and thanks for reminding me about that because it's worth mentioning, but it's typical at least if they're not good They're at least consistent right right I forgot to mention the other day two days a matter of fact Already the end of the show on Thursday about rush what about that? I'm sure right so what rush is Attorney's Rush Limbaugh He used the law enforcement officers of breaking the law when they seized the conservative radio commentators medical records searching for evidence He illegally bought prescription paint color Join by attorneys from the AC and you Limbaugh's lawyers argued in court documents filed on Tuesday for that Tuesday This Bruce Williams still on the Archie passing that you don't know. I don't know like I would listen to him Are you in court documents filed Tuesday At authorities But first notify Limbaugh And given a chance Challenge the seizure Rather than using search once to remove the record from his doctor's office Limbaugh has attorneys and the AC you argue that the seizure violated Limbaugh's right to prophecy in the confidentiality of the relationship between patients and doctors The attorneys want to state fourth district court of appeal to rule that the record should mean seal Okay, and social desloops the remain sealed when he was popping those thousands of Oxies man all the crap What meaning would the patient protections in the constitution law have if prosecutors could disregard them any ten They wanted to Limbaugh attorney the umptious Roy blacks in the statement Palm Beach prosecutors see the records in November for their investigation into weather limbo I legally went doctor shopping to obtain pain pills the crime refers to visiting several doctors to receive duplicate prescriptions of control narcotics Limbaugh sought treatment for his admitted addiction October has not been charged with the crime yet The story I just imposed a little bit of the time yet Let's begin criminals however in suspense 140 million dollars in a mac-quake meal bills Okay, US energy and services group halibut and once run by vice president Dick Cheney said it had suspended 140 million dollars in disputed invoices for meal servitive as troops in a mac and Kuwait It's important to understand this is not any sort of admission as it was possible if government contractor It's the right thing to do so that however in subsidy or KBR president chief executive Randy Harrell KBR is a good steward of the tax-based pair of dollars Anybody believe in however not ready to agree with the Pentagon's auditor the defense contract audid agency to suspend KBR subcontractor billings of $34 million that's Kellogg Brown and Ruth. Let's get to the root of it total suspended subcrime director billings demand 174.5 million Halibut and also agreed with the Pentagon auditors to defu in voicing until the method for charging for meals Have been agreed to and upon how do you like it they never stole a freight train 152 a QAM 560 This is the new rods yourself Question This is Rushwin ball Sivin of humanity Tosh show host Pemroyed sufferer Folks at over three hundred pounds. I know the agymal of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new Preparation Rush and my rush to excellence depositories Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhoidal tissue just with my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube Another fine products from all IB the obesity and broadcast treatment work Parliament lights is just the problem So that little kid is gonna be signaling testifies against Michael Jackson I want to test the fly Is he the best or one a you're the best book a Brian Rub the mind is a ball spot was covers a lot of territory or maybe just on his back Little pad on the ass nice job, right? Let me say it again professional sports. I know that none of our sport nerds will ever touch this with a ten foot hand But I'm gonna say it again. It's the only endeavor. I can think of I mean you know guys give each other a high five Attorney's win a law case their high five and they win a bet at the track their high five and have you ever see it? Let you know quote of the track, but you can you imagine For like for example me in fat rich We go to the track. We pick out a really you know good winner 15 to one shot Comes in a stretch wins pace 35 bucks got a big triple whatever cash in a big ticket That may be a little high five action something like that. Can you imagine petting each other on a big fat? I don't believe me in both our case. You have a big target. I can see you guys doing that channel That jumping up in the air and bang is past together. Okay, all right Right, we're talking about feeling the earthman on your feet Be the first earthquake in a history of pumping apart, but in any rate But padding guys on the ass. That's a sports thing I've talked about that before and I'm talking about at the end of the show because I realize I would never bring it up again at the beginning of the show Because you know how much response we've had about that over the years. Oh, none None zero because people yeah It's too embarrassing to talk about well, what is the reason for that? You also prize they don't do it here being the sports station at all like what like after you have ever seen clearance and a beast Do that can each other a little pox and talk about the end of a no Okay, I got for a big like good book or something Greg read comes by and slots you on the ass to congratulate you Can't just see that way ain't gonna slap you on the ass He knows about you while I hear you might slap some other people on the ass to that little district for another show. Maybe that last show, you know Anyway, now P. R. Ralph what time is he show on he's got a good sense of humor today. This is funny He says this new sound equipment that you got what is it HD Whatever it is he says by the way how can you hear this new thing and what is it on a m please explain and details? Well, here's all I know about it. Okay I never heard of it. I don't know what it is. We don't know anybody who's got one of those. It's Sarah All right, I'm just talking about my palm beats is in today's son sent on three E lifestyle section You can clearly see a beautiful young woman's right nipple. Oh my god. No, that's the end of the sun channel Don't let Michael powen out about it. One of them oozing Powell's it's an article about the director Bernardo Bertolucci's latest movie I'm not our rage by this. I would like to see more says Todd PS. I think the bookkeeper here just quit the Catholic church Just like the bookkeeper QA and but that's another story like I said for another day So don't forget this is the last 24 hours now 24 hours less about four minutes to the deadline for our hot couple's contest Get on there and vote and vote until you can't vote normal. I mean, that's what I'm saying just have a good time Bad dog who always has a good time and believe you me. He learned well He's a good student of mine He is headed with that money straight to the bank. He'll be up into a clock the hopper was right behind a line and watch you backman Hopper for the seven he's got a big low You call that a penis and just feel like a prick