You're fairly
All right nice to be back tonight's the big night. Yes, it is
With the panthers the stalk to his partner
Randy Mueller. Oh, when you're Randy. Oh, you're not doing hockey stuff. Are you? I'd Randy on this morning
Kill myself
You're one thing at least I like the keen in philosophy of bringing in veteran players
Think they got some pretty
Yeah, that's what they needed some guys that could put the biscuit to basket now moving right along
I'm talking a man don't get suckered into that hockey stuff. I remember nearly destroyed my career with that stuff as much as I love it
Hey, oh you won't hear me talking a lot of hockey
Leaves an out of what I was because you don't know anything about it. That's right. At least you admitted. Yep, although at least you don't come on
Here and say hockey suck. It's a terrible thing for a sports nerd to be saying that anyway. I want you to listen to something. Okay. Yep listen to this
You
Of course you remember you've seen the godfather I'm sure six thousand time right I have the scene from Connie's winning
Yeah, there were in fact there were about a half dozen guys who I know from orange new Jersey who were in that move in that scene
They were actually yeah, I think they rounded up every Italian in the metropolitan area
So I played that yesterday and I would say and one thing about the Italians
There are a lot of schmaltz here than any other people on the face even the Jews can't come close to the
Smolts and it comes to the Italian totally they have the corner on being schmaltzie man
It's and if people are I see I can't define that word. It's a small sea. Yeah
It's the opposite of penache. No, seriously
Schmaltzie is you know what it is. It's it's kind of like soul and it's if you know it's that's right the passion and soul and ethnic soul
A little lighter conflicted. Yeah, something like that whatever by by the way this Franklin Graham this man needs to be
He needs to be swimming the sleeping with the fishes and New Orleans or with whatever's floating around in the water
Did you see here this routine with him? See one thing about the news networks?
I guess they have a lot of time to fill so they'll take the most irresponsible outrageous people like the Pat Robertson's in Franklin Graham
It's just because he's Billy Graham son put the minor about all the people in New Orleans
So you know all this the gravity there in the strip clubs and the gays and lesbian and he was rambling on yesterday
And he went on for 10 minutes talking his crap. Yeah, how about Bill Bennett? That's the worst. Yeah, don't bet on it
Yeah, worse than maybe coming. Yeah, he said
Another slum machine player you were I say another guy with a slot habit
No question about it. He's a compulsive gambler now
Can you imagine I said yesterday was making a comparison to your old friend Jimmy the Greek you're about he got canned for a very harmless
Comment and here's the guy that goes on and oh while you're taking it out of context
Beloni how could anybody in their wildest dreams make a comment like that?
That's you know Mike Lupica actually wrote about that in this comedy said it would be like Charles Barkley
Who said that something he said was out of context when it was in his autobiography?
Right
Yeah, oh, it's like Jose Conceco. They took all that stuff out of context about steroids
They're great and they're gonna be the next big thing for everybody everybody should be doing
They just took it out of context. They didn't really mean it. He changed his mind
I forgot yeah, that's right the old Steve Martin routine
That actually it's the old vick Nixon routine. I forgot. I can't recall the old watergate deal
By the way, speaking of watergate the cards are crumbling the whole house of deck of cards is coming down around a bush
Yes, I think so not good in the bush family these days excellent and wait till you hear this story
Even his own party is not happy with him right now when you hear this story
It'll just flip your lid if you had one Condi's cable love connection what there's a fox a fox guy
You and Condi trying to hook her up with a lady concert pianist. I like that on the internet. No
This is this is a true. I'll get to it. I don't want to like do the whole deal right now. Okay, I'll be listening
But Condi has an internet lover on no, oh, but somebody's trying to hook her up with a lady
What that mean you fairy?
What do you wonder what that could possibly mean? Oh, and this area Myers Beach by the way
Yeah, she doesn't like same sex marriage more and more were discovering not just that
But she's one of these Jesus Christ is just like her mentor there
She found Jesus one day and all of a sudden she took a turn for the worst like being in the sausage shop
She took a turn for the worst and I she's a
Very very staunch right to life anti abortion and pro the Sodomia laws in Texas. She's another crazy person
Yeah, see the thing that they want to make sure is that they have somebody they can manipulate for as long as she's alive unlike David
Souter that the Papa Bush put on there when he was a conservative thinking he'd be okay and then he turned out to be a
So this this one they know and that that's why Bush said yesterday of 20 years from now
She'll be the same as she is now in other words. They'll have control
They'll be easy to minute minute minute minute minute minute minute, I don't think she's gonna make it through now
I told that to George before I said I don't think she's gonna confirm now that all this crap is coming out about her
Yeah, she's a right-to-life right wing nut
Of course, I hope you're real pleased with what you're getting so far. You're getting a crack-mire war with all these dead people in Iraq
you got these gigantic gas prices you got a three trillion dollar debt
other than that and of course uh... fantastic job by female and all these
cronies that he's appointing all these very vital agencies like uh...
homeland security nice job all you bush people out there they ought to be
deported starting in the state got a story about the most desirable places to
live in the world guess what city is uh...
chosen
flash Vegas
now
it wasn't a pool in your house
uh...
ban cougar the world's most desirable that supposed to be a beautiful city
never been there i haven't either
after check it out
but everybody says it's that it's a fabulous place says the other top-ranking
canadian cities were to rattle calvary and Montreal and that order and then it
goes on about uh... you know there uh... austria in different places it says
to be port what was the most favorable in this country
uh...
i'll get to it i'll find it somewhere near
see put me on the spot
it certainly wasn't my amy i'll tell you that
uh... the reports of canada with low crime little threat from instability or
terrorism and i highly developed infrastructure is the most livable destination
in the world and i would say that whoever wrote this was absolutely correct
i like that so you were ahead of the curve
yeah as usual
just like when i have stopped having boring guest on the show years ago stuffed
in all that
doctor done i have blue lips doctor done what can i do
was was a man
was after him a mistake for you
we mean when you took up residence there
well what no it was a mistake it was just that the apartment was a mistake it's
very hard to get livable housing there in the my landlord was a uh... grave
robber
and the places unsanitary that's why during the shows that he has to or
java's coughing and choking and puking as all this
uh... mildew and crappin here i'm gonna tell you more people get sick from
allergies from mold and mildew especially in a place like florida
or amstodem works like basically practically under water
and it's so humid and damp all the time
people get sick of that they think of colds of ronkitis
it's an allergy thing
how long that's a thing about people who want to go back to the world how long
we'll be be more of that
all of them are like mold infested yes
and so i couldn't sleep downstairs the bedrooms were downstairs in that place
in the department and so was all mold and mildewy and damp and
i was sick the whole time i was there but i had a decent apartment i still
and of course the studio that bob remove put together there was just uh... it
was i don't even want to tell you about it if you think we got problems not
with this audio vault crap and out of your two minutes of that would be
this is a positive compared to what they did for me
so
uh... don't forget we have twenty four uh... seven broadcast pretty revolutionary
in the radio business twenty four hours seven days a week
that's their claim to fame
that's it i'll tell you right now this studio here which uh... actually
member of big fat hulio
yeah engineer who he was a good guy and he also knew his crap he built this down
there
this studio and then they took it apart and sent it up here in the engineer from
here
uh... put it together
and then the hulio and bob removed came up here for the finishing touches on it
but it's great every you never hear any uh... technical problems on this and
now sounds very good or not because there's nobody here to us the chinese
a potky around with a stuff
they don't get the overnight guys in there
yeah
we don't have a deal costella and mark in the dark in here as much as i like
joe they used to really uh... and of course we still got guys who come in on the
weekend
and diddle with stuff
big budget meetings today by the way sure open for a big race for a new
uh... flunkies there
what
what do you know what do you have to go about that's not my job
we're putting it for a race for josh cordis are you
not for a jorge though because we already know that's a waste of time because they
hit him like poison which you would die a wicked death
well these guys work hard
anybody who's conscience is does a good job in that place is hated see i have
always maintained that they should
eliminate one overly high sourier
right and give it to the guys who really have earned it you know the guy right
that you know the people who are producing shows and whatnot
and they have a little bit of a duplication are with them
well this is one area that i felt that they
i have to leave now
uh... you take it from there
yes already wins the for crying out like this came back from my new york and
sure that don't uh... get
p-vailed on the first day back
that's all that's the rest of the russia shunna man a bad way to start the
new year
so happy rama don't know you
and see him on your heart
so that the board even loves you roger
so madonna rama don't know
rama don't know
rama don't know
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
my
The Russian invasion, Russian invasion, all the way
I pray for the babies that do peek in USA
Now the gentlemen judge that you must act
In the sky, on your next side
I want you tonight today
I'm going on, I'm going on, I'm going on, I'm going on
I'm going on, I'm going on
I'm not an hour, I'm not an hour, I'm not an hour
I'm not an hour, I'm not an hour, I'm not an hour
I might overgrace this league
It's going to be God for you, may God
Bow, bow, bow, rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Bow, bow, bow, bow
I want you celebrate, rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
I love you, rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
Rama d'un
I try to tell those guys on the duof shop
if they would've just played rama d'un
a couple of times
it'd still have that show on a year.
Yeah.
Anyway, speaking of Bob Hamilton,
I got a big pile of stuff today
including a story about condolese
that I will set.
This will set your ass free, man.
I'm going to tell you.
When you hear this, you will just
you'll be spinning like a drabule,
like a top.
It'll curl your hair.
It will.
Don't start with curly hair stuff now.
Okay.
That's bad.
I always know what direction he's going in.
I always have to look him in the bud.
Franklin Graham, by the way, is the antichrist.
Oh, man.
You people at CNN
you need mental help.
In fact, it seems like the more outrageous
and the more absolutely insane
somebody is the more airtime.
That's right.
Yeah.
They speak about.
When it doubt, let's seek out the most
the fringe elements of the human race
to come out and say things that are
on the face of them are so ludicrous
and so asinine.
And he's on there yesterday rambling on
about this crap about the New Orleans
and because of that.
And then Jonathan King told him
that the first things that they're opening
in the French Quarter are some of the strip clubs.
Oh, well, see, I would hope that they would not
open, reopen those kinds of businesses
and that the gay and lesbians would define Jesus.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm going to tell you something, man.
The Jesus Christos make the fundamentalist Muslims
look like good Samaritans.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
I'm sorry.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, do that.
I pulled it out because I saw him on the area.
I had already had the story on it.
And we have more on it today, of course.
I got a huge pile.
And I'm going to tell you right now
I am going to get you my whole pile today.
Even if I only have to take this long call on line 9,
it'll be very short.
QAM, hello.
God bless you.
Do you know what I mean?
Wait.
You might have been saying something.
Well, good.
That's what I was afraid of.
10, 13, 5, 60, WQ, I'm happy.
I'm Ramadan, happy in two years, whatever,
whatever you're celebrating, OK?
Whatever silly crap you're into.
Just go nail a.m.
Azusa and a dead chicken on the door to cover all the bases.
And of course, if it's couldn't hurt too.
Good morning.
Good morning.
More Americans are going to college
and own their own businesses than at any time in our history.
So in the weeks ahead, I will continue to focus on ways
to break the will of America.
That is only a beginning.
Our people are growing in optimism and hope.
So in the weeks ahead, I will continue to focus on ways
to weaken our nation's resolve.
We need to work together to ensure that oppression and fear
reaches every corner of our great country.
The political track of our strategy is to
your hard work and entrepreneurial spirit.
This mission isn't easy and it will not be accomplished overnight.
Get out confident in the outcome.
Thank you for listening.
I'm FU2.
It's a 10-18-560 WDQM happy Wednesday to you.
Here's our poll result from yesterday.
What's your take on the new Florida Shoot-A-Map Law?
Anybody shoot anybody since we last spoke yesterday?
Come on.
You want to kill one for Christ.
You want to cut it like Jesus.
Excuse me, I'm just printing out this article by the Mollie Arphin.
I just, you know something?
No.
Let me take one more. WQYM, hello.
Hey, how are you now?
Pretty good, Pally.
Hey, listen.
When I was abducted, I heard you show every day.
Yeah, okay, good.
Glad to hear your chance.
Okay, I can see why we're not going to take any calls today.
Maybe I'd sneak in a couple of them.
But I just got two, I'm on a mission.
All right.
Yep, I am on a major mission.
You ready for that?
Okay, here's the, oh, and I guess I should move this up to the top of the pile.
Do things in logical order.
What's your take on the new Florida Shoot-A-Map Law?
Only crazy people could support this 513 out of 1873 vote.
Only crazy people like, but what could support something like that?
I love it.
Can't wait to shoot somebody.
460.
I can't believe it's law.
316.
Only in America 267.
J. Black is so proud.
Proud is a peacock.
Won't change the thing 144.
I supported 115.
I'm out of here.
68.
They're on their way out from the sunshine state.
Because it ain't so great.
And don't be late.
Now, and to late.
Bring your mate.
Florida Tourist warned on deadly force law.
Park Ram see shades of the Wild West and Florida's new log
getting greater legal protections to the people who shoot or use
other deadly force when threatened to attack.
They're threatening to look at them with an eyebrow raised.
Well, I hope Christie Krueger will walk around with that cross-eyed look.
It seems like everybody ought to be packing a piece, said Ram.
A visitor from Yucaya, California who fought out about the law Monday
from a gun control group handing out leaflets in Miami International.
I don't know if this is the right thing to do, he'd be saying.
The leaflets begin with the words an important notice to Florida visitors
in bold red type by the Brady Campaign to prevent gun violence.
Do not argue unnecessarily with local people it says.
If someone appears to be angry with you, maintain to the best of your ability
a positive attitude and don't shout or make threatening gestures or about a bang.
That's it.
Florida's stand-your-ground law, which circumfered Saturday,
means that people no longer must attempt to retreat or defuse a threatening situation
before using violence or an elator claim that they were acting in self-defense.
People already had that right in their homes, but the law now allows them to be forced with force.
In any, see, this is where you thought it was on your property, George Wright.
Wrong.
Now the law allows them to meet force with force in any place they have a legal right to be
in a parking lot in a restaurant.
In case they have a legal right to be, but I've been at work.
Don't leave that out.
The right to stem out, they can bring their piece to work.
The right to stand-your-ground is not a plot, the person is confronted by a law enforcement officer.
So you can shoot anybody just not a cop.
Proponents of the measure pushed by the National Rifeful Association say it'll make Florida safer place,
not more dangerous.
Your fat ass governor, Jeb Bush, has repeatedly pointed to a 34-year-low in state crime statistics
to demonstrate that Florida is not a haven for violence.
Not yet.
It's peer-on-adulterated politics, Bush said last week of the Brady campaign tactics.
Shame on them.
Shame on you.
How is that Terry and her coming, Jeb?
That's right.
I forgot he's busy pushing that Disney book because they contribute decisions of hours to the Republicans.
Well, I can't find that story.
The Florida Tourism Industry, however, is taking the campaign seriously with visit
to Florida the state's official tourism marketing arm, issuing a statement called Florida
a very safe and secure destination that excels in caring for its visitors.
Not so much the German tourists, the dead ones, but nevertheless.
We believe that Americans and international visitors are smart enough to understand that the Brady campaign is one group's political agenda
and not a real safety issue the statement said.
Oh, right.
The Brady campaign leaflets which the group intends to hand out for about a month at Miami and Orlando Airports calls the measure
the shoot-first law, and urged people to take sensible precautions while visiting Florida.
There was no other state in the nation and no other civilized nation on earth that has a law like this said,
Brady campaign spokesman Peter Hamm.
It caused the most aggressive people inside it overreact.
The group has also taken out ads in major detour at Chicago, Boston, London, newspapers about the news.
Several people have got the leaflets at Miami Airport on Monday,
appear to be taken aback by the new law.
It's a little scary Melissa Vossberg on her way home to the Chicago area after cruising the Bahamas said,
it's shoot-first, answer about it later.
You got it Melissa, now you're catching up.
She's a real quick study.
Okay, here's the deal on the poll today,
and I'm so inspired by seeing that Jackass Franklin Graham,
whose main claim to fame is that he's Billy Graham's son, another crazy person,
another wild Jesus Christor.
I'm telling you one thing about you going out there,
I mean you just won't leave everybody alone.
See, I have no problem with religion no matter what it is if you just leave people alone, if you stop the hell.
Because, yeah, that's the whole deal.
That's what it's all about.
You won't leave people alone.
Whether it's the Muslims, the Christians, the Orthodox Jews,
whoever it is, I guess the Buddhists don't bother anybody,
but they walk around with a funky office.
They bother people over there.
Do they really?
Yes, they do.
The Buddhists?
And then of course the Scientologists, who know?
Oh, hey, all you Scientologists.
You're fairy.
Anyway, 322 votes, most people follow religion because of brainwashing 102,
weakness, a slash need for a crutch, 88,
because a fear of death, 88,
like Madeline O'Hare used to say before she got sliced to pieces,
religion without a hell isn't worth a damn.
Riding to belong to a club 19, stupidity 14,
which of course ought to be way up there near the top, but God forbid.
We should say that.
That of course is...
I feel good!
...forbid.
But I've got it.
And like a common sense 12, those are the choices I put on here.
I think it's a pretty good...
Now here comes that kind of easy story.
Is it on our website already? I'm sure Josh has got it.
Yes, it is.
This is absolutely positively unbelievable.
No, actually, I very believe it will affect it.
And that was what I've been saying since I have my thumb on the pulse.
I got my thumb on the pulse, little Tommy Jikin,
spite of your aspirations, okay?
In spite of your hallucinations.
And I don't see any corrections.
I don't see any apology that Swilly wrote about.
What was it four or five years ago?
Oh, how he's going to be able to keep in touch.
He's going to be out of touch doing a touch of this.
You idiot, you quizzling.
You fairy!
Speaking of that, here's the county story.
Now, strap yourselves in.
Very tightly.
Condies cable love connection.
After a grueling day of diplomatic affairs,
Condories or rice could probably use an affair of her own.
But things must be pretty grim if even Fox News feels compelled to hook her up.
Not surprisingly, the blog world is abuzzed this week after a recent interview in which Fox
correspondent James Rosen lobbied the defiantly single secretary stayed on the charms of a
cumley female colleague.
Oh, my God.
The odd interchange aired last Tuesday when rice sat down with Rosen for an interview in Porto
Prince Haiti.
Oh, I'm actually love that there.
Oh, yeah.
Love that.
Well, they don't cut the back kind of going on.
Rosen, over the convention, with a few softball questions about President Eristhede and Iran's
nuclear ambitions.
But he closed it with an impassioned testimony on behalf of Fox and France anchor Lauren
Green, a 30-something former Miss Minnesota who's apparently a big fan of the secretaries.
An excerpt.
Rosen.
All right, I close with a gift for you.
You met this person once, I believe.
But you really, I think, ought to know each other because this woman is, I think, will have
an interest in knowing her.
She is one of our Fox News anchors in the Eurker, named as Lauren Green.
She is brilliant.
She's beautiful.
She's African-American.
She's single.
And she's a concert pianist in her spare time.
Rice, my goodness.
Rosen, and she asked me to give you her CD, and I promised you that I would.
Rice, that's perfect.
Rosen, and here's her doing a number of different classical pieces.
Rice, well, that's special.
Rosen, so there you have it.
Rice, thank you very much, and I look forward to seeing her sometime.
Rosen, all right, she's going to want to hear from you.
Rice, and maybe even playing dual piano sometime.
Or dual, well, dueling banjos.
Not surprisingly, the curious exchange left many wondering if the ride reporter was trying
to set Rice up on a date.
But when we call the ask of you trying to play matchmaker, Rosen insisted nothing could
be further from the truth.
What I meant to say is that the two of them have a lot in common.
The veteran correspondent was frequently accompanied Rice and overseas trips at it.
I would never presume to deal with all what Secretary Rice's personal life.
Though Rice hasn't been publicly linked with anyone since she stepped out with football
player-turned-actor Jean Washington late 1980s, State Department spokesman Edgar Vascade,
dismisses online speculation about a sapphic setup.
I wouldn't read anything into that, he counseled what we call to me yesterday.
Vascade said there is no date set for Rice's proposed rendezvous to tickle the ivories with green.
Or is that what she's going to be tickling?
But I don't think she'd be adverse to meeting her, whether there's time and her schedule opens up.
There's a different thing.
Green who's album classic Beauty was released in 2004.
Good night, please.
But he's a handsome man.
I'm the Lisa.
You're a fairy.
She's not a middle writer.
That would arrest you, please, эти.
All the new ways these business ends, cats, they're all free too
Whoa, you're an honest and strong bomb
Yeah
Whoa, with nowhere to run
No one can save you, no delay, you are done
Stop on the law, but you take no blame
You give reclaw, make him the player's name
Love, he free their pride, and the law will change
You give checks in the fantasy, today
You give quests in for your fantasy
Censority 1 and 560 W can't hear the facts that it says from somebody
Contribution of these polls, most people fall religion because of need for justification for their resignation
Huh, what?
What does that mean?
I don't know. I was hoping you could explain it to the need for justification for their
Resignation what do that mean?
A year ago you would interpret that for me sounds like fear death to me
Yeah, I have a nation of life like that's the only thing I
See I haven't got any idea what I mean sounds like double talking to cock out. I mean, okay
I think the pool is just fine. Okay. We don't need to be building the pool so this relax
Although line nine is ringing another short call Q a n. Hello
Yeah, I told you we would take some short calls today. This is perfect. No, it works out perfect
Very because I have like I said I'm gonna get through this entire
I got some very heavy duty stuff
Which isn't quite as important as some of the calls we've had so far in fact are we like three for three so far
Molly Iveann's rights the Unification of church and state
Uh-oh now we're in trouble doesn't take much to read the tea leaves on the Harriet Myers nomination
First it's bunker time at the White House
Myers chief qualification for this job is loyalty to George W. Bush and the team
What the nomination means in larger terms for both law and society is the fifth vote on the court to overturn Roe v. Wade
Aside from that bothersome little matter the more Myers appointment is like that a John Roberts could have been worse
Not as bad as E if Jones not as bad as Priscilla Owen and you should see some of our boy judges from Texas
Myers like Bush himself as classic Texas conservative establishment with the addition of Christian fundamentalism
What I mean by fundamentalist was one who believes in both biblical inerrancy and salvation by faith alone
She's enrolled in the valid you Christian Church of Dallas what she attended for the last 20 years before moving to Washington five years ago
Among that church is other members is Nathan Hectt of the Texas Supreme Court considered second only to Priscilla
Owen is that courts most adamant anti abortion judge
According to Myers friend she was pro-choice when she was a young woman
But later changed her mind as a result of a Christian experience of some kind those who spoke of this did not know
Well enough to say whether they've been a born again experience or simply a different understanding of theology
Myers had the support of feminist when she ran for office first in the Dallas bar and later when she became the first woman
Presley Texas bar association even though the feminist were where she was anti choice at that time
The former conservative TBA was at odds with the American bar association and sometimes threatened to withdraw from the national organization
Myers was considered a moderate in that she didn't want to withdraw from the ABA
But favorite a proposal to change the organization stance from support for abortion rights to a position of neutrality
One of Myers keybackers was Louise Rageo a much revered Dallas feminist lawyer
The women lawyers groups favored Myers despite her stand on abortion because she was a candidate acceptable to the establishment
Thus making her electable as a woman
Myers sometimes took women judicial candidates through her very prestigious firm ladell sat for the obligatory meet and greet even donated to democratic candidates
Both these behaviors were well within the conventions of Dallas City and judicial politics especially in the 80s
Dallas City politics are non-partisan method like Texas T sweet or unsweet come only in two flavors
Establishment or less establishment
Myers qualifies as unestablishment despite being a girl as few of the old dinosaur is still put it
That slightly feminist tinge to her credentials is a plus
But she is quite definitely anti abortion
She ran for city council in 1989 as a moderate but struggled during her interview with the lesbian gay coalition
At the time it would have been considered progressive even show up
The Dallas police department did not then hire gazelle as beans and when asked about the policy Myers replied the department should hire the best
Qualified people the classic political side step answer when pressed she said she did believe one should be able to legally discriminate against gaze
And it's the recollection of two of the organization's officers that the responsive vlog her religious beliefs praise the Lord
Who can we hate today?
Myers church states on its website that it believes in biblical in errancy full immersion baptism original sin and salvation dependent and terribly upon accepting
Jesus Christ everybody else is going to hell as she says
How do you like that George? Yeah, I got reservations
Oh, maybe that's what that guy made about our reservations
I have said I have a reservations for ten. I've said for years about people in public life
I don't write about sex drugs or rock and rolls as Molly
Ivens if I had my brothers
I wouldn't write about the religion of those in public like either as I consider day most private matter
Separation of church and state is the is in the constitution because this country responded by people
Who would experience both religious persecution and state supported religions?
I think John F. Kennedy's 1960 statement of the Baptist ministers should stand as a model of how public servants should handle the
relation between religious belief and public service nevertheless
We are now be set by people who insist on dragging religion into the governance and who themselves believe
They are be set by people determined and drive God from the public square
How do you like that? This division has been in part created by and certainly aggravated by those seeking political advantage
It's a recipe for an incredibly damaging and serious split in this country
And I believe we all need to think long and carefully before doing anything to make it worse
As an 1803 quoted attributed to James Madison goes the purpose of separation in church and state is to keep forever from these shores
The ceaseless strife that is soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries
And then rather than all those good religions
How are killing each other are they?
Oh absolutely
Can't believe that
Not always good Jews and Jesus Christers and all the others
All these
Christian Christian Christians. Oh wait, I'm sorry
384 votes on the poll so far kind of a mediocre the way things have been going on lately
We ought to have like 600 on there already because this ought to be done well see this is another example of the Democrats that dropped the ball
You know, we got this global warming thing and they I have whole ice caps are melting but other than that
And uh, well, we don't want to talk about the ecology because that's uh, you know
All the tree hoggers nobody cares about that so they just dropped the ball on that
And they also dropped the ball on the Supreme Court issue the fact that we electing George W. Met that he was gonna have a very
Very serious opportunity of naming two maybe more judge and here we go
We already got the Roberts in there your new chief BDI and now we got this bitch who's on the verge
I don't think she'd like Hank said I don't think she's gonna get
Yeah, nobody likes her
Yeah, but the right wingers are gonna start cutting and they're gonna cozy up to her a little more now that they're finding out about her
Her vehement anti-abroad. I got more a lot more crap on her a lot of crap
You know, I don't think the fall religion because I can't hear what you're saying and that's good brainwashing
Brainwashing from the time we were a little kid you got to put on the a beanie on the head
You got to put on the tallies. You got to squeeze your arms with the atsitses. You got to grow the payus
Oh, by the way, uh guess who was on TV the other day very briefly looks like he's lost his mind
I think he's cracked under the pressure Jesse Ventura must have been a three-day show. We did on MSNBC
Uh three-minute show that got canceled right away. He's he's grown this I don't even know if it's a full man
True because it's like the the beard hangs from the chin, but it's like tied together. What do you call that?
It's tied together. Yeah, it doesn't just hang it's like
Well, whatever it is that suggest you ventura. It's a wrestler's full man, too
And he just lay and he so he was rambling about how he's getting out of the country because the US is finished
And it's insane and they've lost freedom of speech and goodbye. I was it it was uh
It was scary as what it was. I think what they've done is probably give him the Chinese water treatment on his ball spot
Yeah, because he had the audacity to go public and say
Religion is for weak people and stupid people and it's a correction and then all of a sudden
Of course they force him to try to back away from that. We didn't really mean that did you? Oh, maybe little wow you atheist bastard
You heathen piece of turd
402 votes most people follow religion because of brainwashing 121 fear of death
112 weakness or need for a crutch 107 most people are weak weak like how martino's voice weak like we to cross these voice
Why need to have a long to a club 24 stupidity 22 and like to comment since 16
They just won't think for themselves what a concept. Okay, let's take a look at that award-winning QM lineup is a very
It's a banner day for your Florida Panthers
And I wish they would stop sending all these offers of free tickets because a lot of people get really p.o
It about the fact that they spend a lot of money for a season tickets and then you find out the person sitting next to them
It got freebies, you know, which is kind of aggravating
So don't be doing that no more don't be given away the good seats for freebies no more guys because it really pisses off some of those former season ticket
Or some of whom are not they're gonna renew I was hearing but anyway opening night tonight baby Atlanta trashers
Yol v debuted along with that silly goose red deer Randy
A bitch
Underwoods are in status of the most parties frown offered no apology and mostly great
There's no one left to blame I said brownie
You're the government shame I said brownie
Sure careers up in blame there's no one I know
Who's more lame George Bush
We better make them shut up before he says
If we choose who messed up you can defend him
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time
I
You come to run the
F
E
M A
Some people died when he ran
F
E
M A
A
A
Now that everyone knows that you leadership votes you can go back to your part shows today
Both Republicans and Democrats criticized the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll that maybe because as long as he remains
And administration official his testimony must be cleared by the white house. Oh my god
1044 60 before 11 here on the left wing spin-mister Kami Pinko fag show
You know you're the lineup. I don't think I'd threaten to do it. We got Moa too of course
I'm add dog from the bank Atlantic Center formerly the
Yenta Center the office depot all those names. You know where it is the Yenta Center out there in sunrise at
4 o'clock till 6 30 get ready for the big game tonight 6 30 panther preview the trashers and the panther 7 o'clock tonight
Panthers will a window division and uh, who knows how far to the playoffs this year
That's my prediction and Kaplan of 10 and guilty makes his debut tonight a lot of pressure there man
He's probably sweating bullets right now. Do you think?
Well if you're sweating bullets
There is happy about that. They never got to do with bullets so your fat ass governor loves it
Cindy sheen writes
Oh god Cindy sheen for president. I say Michael Moore for president and Cindy for VP
Okay, what do you say about that? At least Secretary of State or at least something war hawk with Republicans and anti-war
Democrats what's the difference Cindy would like to know excellent question Cindy
She says the past week in DC found me in many offices of our elected officials senators congresspersons pro-war anti-war
Democratic Republican with a few notable exceptions all our employees told party lines
Thanks to those who met with me because except for senator Barbara Vosser, California
I was not their constituent and I believe the Republicans who met with me whether they knew it or not were breaking with their leader on this
Since he was too cowardly to meet with me. He was too busy worrying about
Aburgar
Red the war hawks I met made my skin crawl
They so obviously are supporting a war that is not in our nation's best interest
Nor is it making us more secure?
I heard from senators Dool and McCain and
Representative Muzzgrave of Colorado about 9-11 and fighting them over there so we don't have to fight them over here
That made me sick George Vorson is lying bad that imperialist greed mom is exploited 9-11
I'm an national terror and other terrorist attacks to invade a country that had nothing to do with the attacks in our country
Now in the aftermath of those lies tens of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians are dead in almost 2,000 of our brave young men and women too
What makes the Iraqi babies and families less precious than ours the crime that these people committed was being born at the wrong place at the wrong time
George took his war of terror to their doorsteps
I've an ass-centered duel when she thought the occupation wouldn't be able to end when she was
Encredulous that I would even think of a rack as an occupation
She sees it as a liberation
I really wanted to know how many of them do we have to kill before she considered that they were liberated
The war hawks or war nicks as I like to call them also used a rationale that Sodom used weapons of mass destruction on his own people
I ascended a duel three times where Sodom got those weapons and she wouldn't answer me
Because the smiling kind pictorizing war hawkette knew where Sodom got the weapons
He got them from the USA
Sodom was a bad guy, but he was our bad guy
See the famous picture of the gritting rummy shaking who say in his hand until we decided to sell his oil to Russia and France for euros
And then oh my gosh said I'm kills his own people. Oh my god
We didn't care about sit on killing his own people after the first skull for when George the first encouraged the people of a rack
To rise up against Sodom we didn't care about the Iraqi children dying during the Clinton years from the bombings in the sanctions
All of a sudden in March 2003 those things became so important that it was urgent that our troops invade a rack
Besides the member of congress were George asked for the authority to invade a rack specifically mentions WMD's and terrorism
It says nothing about Saddam being a bad guy or spreading freedom in democracy to a rack
The reasons for our continued occupation change as fast as the old ones are proven to be lies
It was horrible to talk to these Wormongering Republicans. I felt almost felt like I had to take a shower after each visit
But they didn't affect my resolve
Congresswoman Musgrave was openly hostile when we were ushered by her very nice staff into her office
Miss Musgrave actually has a son in the service, but she got very defensive when I asked which branch of the service for a son of a station in Italy was in
I was asking mother to mother, but she basically said it wasn't any of my business
I told her she must be very worried about her son and he would be in my prayers
I know that it's hard to have a child in military service whether in Iraq or Italy
She also supports the president 100 percent
These politicians not realize that the people are withdrawing their support for this war and for this president an unprecedented clip
To support George at this point is to support a sinking stone to support George at any time
Isan was a mistake of tragic and immense proportions the war hogg Dems I met with were equally if not more disheartening
Although my meeting with senator Clinton went well
I don't believe she'll do anything to alleviate the suffering of the Americans in Iraq or the Iraqi people
I don't believe that sending more troops is the solution to only aggravating already untenable situation
We met in New York City with senator Chuck Schumer's aid who told us that the senator
Thanks the occupation of Iraq is a good thing for America
But he wouldn't elaborate on why the aid was asked if the senator had a vested interest in keeping this war going
Because the senator is certainly not stupid enough to believe that this misbegotten misadventure in the Middle East is good for anybody
I don't think the people of Louisiana, Alabama, missus to be would agree with the senator that these illegal occupation is a good thing
The anti-war Dems perplexed me most however
except for the good guys like the members of the out of Iraq caucus and a few senators
The Democratic Party line is that we must allow a racco window of two months of time
And after the referendum on the constitution this month and the parliamentary elections in December
It'll be time to attack the failed policies of George and his cabal of liars
And my meeting with Howard Dean he told me that the Iraqi issue was hard
And the new Democratic contract with America is going to have ten points and the first one is going to be universal health care
I told Mr. Dean that if the Democrats didn't come out strongly against the war and against George's disastrous policies
We were going to become as irrelevant as a party which is already
We're going to become irrelevant as a party which is already happening
And the hard issue should be the one that is worked on the hardest
I'll admit that the issue doesn't seem so hard to me
George and his sickle fanatic panic criminals lied to the world
Too many people are dead for the lies, too many people aren't harm's way for the lies
It's time to bring our troops home
I'm just hoping against hope that the war is on the Dems contract somewhere
George is always pulling out the old saw that when he doesn't
Setting our children to die and kill his hard work
I hate to see that same adjective used to describe bringing them home
The war issue isn't complicated, it's wrong to invade and wrong to stay
Bring our troops home simple
I think if one is not speaking out now against the killing in Iraq one is supporting it
I believe that the members of Congress who have always been or are now opposed to this
Need our 100% support admiration and encouragement
Everyone else needs to be prodded in the right direction
I implore it every member I spoke to this past week
And during our bus trip to lead our country out of the desert
I believe that if they did, America would follow them through fire to bring our troops home
Finally, I was harassed at the Capitol building by a thug security guard who screamed to me to get out of the building unit next
Until minus deployment
I complained to another security guard about the disrespectful treatment that I received from the other guard
And he said that most of the employees were Republicans and they didn't appreciate what I was doing
I have news for them. This isn't about politics to me. This is about flesh and blood
This isn't about right and left. This is about right and wrong
19 troops were needlessly killed in Iraq this past week
19 families were destroyed senselessly and avoidably
Hundreds of innocent Iraqis were killed just for being a home that day
Just being out shopping or just going about their daily lives
An average of almost three of our young men and women are killed every day in Georgia's abomination
While the war-hawk Republicans are wrongfully supporting a wrong-headed war
And the anti-war dems are hemming and hawing about the politics of this administration has been skyed in evil policies
How many more families will get the news that their lives have been destroyed in the tragic meantime
What are they waiting for?
You go, girl. Oh, that's great. That's wonderful
She is right up there with marine doubt. Oh speaking of marine dad. Oh, you're not going to just read for four hours today
I just might you know
This is like back in those seven months. Why didn't bother because they got nothing to say today anyway
It's pretty obvious. Oh, come on. There's one on the right now. The QAM. Hello. I'm a fight car
Yeah, I told you there we go. Okay, move it along. They don't say I didn't take any calls that they managed for
I love it. They've all been an equal fantastic caliber. I love it
Look at that 444 on the pool 444 vote. Uh-oh
You're knocking our religion here making fun of our religion. Yes. I absolutely am. Okay, but at least I'm
You know consistent each and air all of them. Yeah, not just one not just the boy
I'm not just the Jews not just the Muslims all of them. It's got to stop somebody somewhere has to plant a seed a tree a bush
Oh, sorry marine doubt says all the presidents women is her column
Which is on our website by the way. It's already no more. Oh no. She did they'd love her
You know, oh no, right behind condi I'm sorry
It's probably because you're very aware of the synagogue shootings since we've gotten four several
Not interested in talking about some mug yet. She they're in bokeh some shul shooting that
It's the floor of the way. Okay, who cares? Why do I guess all that yesterday? What we care about that?
Backstop for facts on this thing. Not interested. Okay, so Jews killing other Jews. It's about time they started picking on their own anyway
Like now here's a fact as many people follow and practice religion in order for their children to be able to attend the religion's private schools
Um, yeah, that makes sense
I know people who say that but I'm thinking why do you want to send your kid if you don't believe that crap
What do you want to send your kid to a point that he's really believing in a religion that that's a whole separate that's
Freeloading or whatever you want to call it separate issue and that's part of the brainwashing
sending their kids to those religious schools
Why so they could learn to be barbarians sending them to all those whatever they call one of the
What is it the issue? Oh, the Jewish schools? Where they call those I forgot already. I'm a huh shul
I said to Jewish schools not schools get with it
And then of course we got the madrasas for all you of fanatical
Islamist out there and then the goiom we got all kinds of religious schools for you man those institutions
Oh, yeah, which most of the Franklin Graham belongs in an institution make no mistake about that nice
Go on you maniacs at CNN you people are crazy your lunatics you are irresponsible your towers need to be taken down
All your equipment needs to be destroyed
CNN must go anyway, although we do like raw. I like I don't want to say we I like Rob Marciano. Oh, he doesn't need a ham and cheese sandwich
Have you could pick on pick up some of the food that Karen Carpenter left at the door you think because he just
He's getting scrawled here by the day. He's he heard a widescreen TV. He's on the narrow screen TV poor Rob
Maureen doubt all the presidents women
She says I hope president bush doesn't have any more office wives tucked away in the White House
There are only so many supremely powerful jobs to give to women who aren't qualified to get them
The West Wing is a parallel universe to TVs with stereo lane instead of self-indulgent desperate housewives
Where you're sexy nannies. They're a self-sacrificing buttoned up nannies serving as a during workwives
Canary to W's every political legal and ego-affirming need
Maybe it's because his mom wasn't the during enough, but more tart and prickly even telling your son the president
Not to put his feet up on her coffee table or maybe it's because his wife says his kinship with his mom
Gives him a desire to be around strong very natural women
But W loves being surrounded by tough women who steadfastly devote their entire lives to doting on him
Like the vestial versions guarding the sacred fire serving his custodians for his values and watch
For his reputation first the elevated kandy rights to secretary of state even though she had vulnerable job as national security advisor
Failing to bring a sense of urgency to warnings about terror was made in America before 9-11 and acting more as an
Enabor than honest broker in the push to invade Iraq
Anybody can you say a mushroom cloud?
But what were these limitations considering the time to work a holic bachelor at log to W's side and Crawford and camp David coaching him on foreign affairs
Talking sports with him exercising with him making him feel like the most thoughtful far-sighted in the he-man in the world
Then he elevated his long-time aid speech writer memoir ghost writer and cheerleader Karen Hughes to under secretary state for public diplomacy
Even though it's exceedingly hard for the six foot text and to try and spin a billion Muslims
Who she doesn't understand the first thing about but who cares about her lack of expertise in such a critical job as long as the work
A holic loyalist continues to make a world boss feel like the most thoughtful far-sighted he man in the world
And now he's nominated his white house council and former lawyer Harry admirers to a crucial swing spot on the Supreme Court
These Stalin texts in called Harry by some old friends
No
Is a bachelor ed who was known for working long hours sometimes 16 hour days in a frequent guest to camp David in the Crawford Ranch where she helped W clear brush
Like
Getting the picture hey she is a handsome woman like miss using Laura Bush. She's a graduate of Southern Methodist
And she's always been there for W 1998 during his reelection race for governor Harry handled the first quarter
Tendipo whether Mr. Bush had received favorable treatment again
The Texas Air National Guard avoid the draft though the former Democrat once gave a grand algorithm in 88
She passed the loyalty test for W during the Bush versus Gore standoff in 2000 when she recruited conservative lawyers to work for the Bush
Group in Tallahassee
But who cares whether she has no judicial experience and that no one knows what she believes or how she'd rule from a bench
He's never been behind as long as the reason her views are so mysterious is that she's
Supported made them to W is making him feel like the most thoughtful far-sighted he man in the world
David from the former White House speechwriter and conservative commentator reported on his blog that Ms. Myers once told him
That W was the most brilliant man she ever knew
Bushy and Harriet share the same Boarding and Christian faith which they came to in midlife to
Deciding to adopt Jesus Christ as their Savior's the Washington Post reported that she ties to the value of you Christian Church in Dallas
Where anti-abortion literature is sometimes distributed and takes from the conservative group focus on the family
Are sometimes screened and where when she returns Ms. Myers asks well wishes to pray for her in the present
Born Catholic she switched to evangelical Christianity in the remit thirties and began to identify more with the Republicans and the Democrats
The times reports today she joined the missions committee of her church which supposedly got lies abortion and one former political associate said that Ms.
Myers told her she had been in favor of women's right to have an abortion when she was younger
But that her view is hardened against the board and once she became born again
W is asking for a triple leap of faith
He has faith in Ms. Myers as his lawyer and as a woman who shares his faith and we're expected to have faith in his face and her
Her faith and opinions that derived from her faith that could change the balance of the court and affect women's rights for the next generation
That's a little bit too much faith, isn't it
This is Neil Rogers
This is
The hell you die
My
years
I'm going to be a second tour with a driver cap to make a living by the religion better than yours.
My religion is better than solar, religion is better than yours.
Super hopper us, we go to the solar page and drop the votes. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
Spud is better than yours. Man is better than yours.
Am I religion is better than yours. And services are better than yours.
If we not endorse your father amplify your passions.
My religion is better than yours, religion. My religions may have better than yours.
We wear ties and white our bikes and gets in very lots of lives. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, religion. My religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless living, don't erase. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, religion. My religion is better than yours, religion. My religion is better than yours.
I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've
got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts on my boat. I've got a lot of old farts
Oh, well, he's up there looking down on us now really proud of us so and so yet
Well, he ain't up there. He's in a box somewhere and the worms are probably getting ready for crying out
I want his right to do people great seats and have a half their talk such crap 50 yard line always up there in that big broadcast booth in the sky
Yeah, the sky my ass
Clem on Florida wait till you're this before I get to Franklin Graham
I'm so worked up about the jackass as they put on television man
I look at bus my TV like in little pieces
So sick and tired of you media lunatics you knew so-called news people your maniacs
And I don't give a crap what Josh courtes is about network. They had their thupati chaff get his thumb right on him and it's so-to-howard
Beel. Oh, let's see neutral negative Myers and positive 5 to 42 Roberts was 54
But it's what do they know they would know Harriet Myers from master Myers from Chuck Meyer as Tiffany's just stupid as polls
In any rate accept it to teach you in clear mod floor to pull out a student's insulin pump after mistake
Making it for a cell phone
Clipton Hassan told Eastridge high school officials that his insulin pump again beeping in fast Friday kind of like
Like that okay before it could turn it off substitute teacher Richard Maline the much-maligned teacher
Ripped it from his leg according to the written statement Hassan gave school officials yesterday
Hassan, a junior is diabetic and wears the insulin pump to regulate his blood sugar level I can relate to that whole concept
Uh-huh Maline pulled a pump because he thought the beeping came from a cell phone said Russell Anderson executive director of human resources for late
County school district it fell to the floor Hassan wrote in his statement to school officials the second time he pulled the
Chew it came out of my leg how do you like that? He was yank out on his shoe
Maline realized his mistake after he grabbed the pump Anderson said in a statement
Hassan said his blood sugar levels didn't be treated normal until after the weekend
Maline has been removed from his school district substitute teacher pool and now is much more line
You've a has to include the clifton's mother since he filed a complaint with the late county sheriffs or first
Hope to file charges against the line you go
I have to go honey to their ass to their big fat ugly ass up there in Claremont where the hell that is it must be up by Lakeland
I think I don't know said Lakeland school district it's up with Ellen Mugwam
So I'm trivoured trash up in that part of the state. You know the deep South is so scary. That's big so scary
I don't know what what what it's gonna take to convince you people and the deep South is so scary in fact
I don't know if I'm ever gonna get to it because it's way in that you see who's running for a governor in
Alabama or you told me this morning
Out to the Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, you know the 10 commandments judge. Yeah, oh he is him and Franklin
Grimm or Graham out of a loaf maybe kind of Lisa could go there with her gal pal maybe kind of Lisa could hang out with Harry and Myers when Harry
Well, I tell you one thing they got a lot of content. Yeah, he could be one of the butchers to justice is on the court
Hey, she's a handsome woman Harry. How's it going, baby?
Franklin Graham. Let's take a look at the pool
We got 500 and some boats. It's a little on the weak side today
I would say you're not up to your usual snuff. Well, that's because it's the second day where she's shown her and Ramadan
Oh, man, I bet you we have a lot of people out there doing the Ramadan thing. They're like under flying night
Or how do you do a Ramadan? I don't know you kill some people
560 that's bad. You shouldn't be saying stuff like that
You know there are peace loving Muslims who don't kill people right just like their peace loving other types of people
Well, of course they are in Florida now so
Most people follow religion because of 506 votes brainwashing 150 fear of death
136 weakness need for a crutch
135 wanting to belong to a club 31 stupidity 31 lack of common sense 23 so the last three categories
There are very very weak and the first three are like almost neck and neck
Nippon suds and ostinous
Evangelist Franklin Graham said I
I apologize to myself for taking an almost the whole show here and going on
But you know something I don't care. I feel compelled to spirit at Christ compels me to carry out with my homosexual agenda
You're my second favorite subject. What's that the religious religious the first one sex?
Yeah, no, I thought it was drugs
Evangelist Franklin Graham said to his day that Hurricane Katrina could lead away spiritual rebirth of a sinful new Orleans
Oh my god. Oh my god. This man they're putting him on television just like Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell
It's purple tinky winky with that gay purple tinky winky of course everybody is gay according to Jerry and Pat Robertson
Every time there's something storm and so I want you to stop and think about this
Okay, but again, they don't ask him this business although we know Jonathan King asked him a couple of you know
Penetrating questions are yesterday. I'm certainly not news
But they don't ask him this question. In other words, you're telling us that God are the over a thousand people died there in the Gulf Coast
And that God was responsible for it that he aimed at them was that the storm was kind of like cruising out there in the Gulf
And then God decided it's last minute but a thing like that you know
But a thing he stuck it to him because he didn't like the a perversion that's going on in there
And of course you got those casinos there in Mississippi that's right sure as they were
They were still like right right side by each maybe God wanted them to be on Alabama
I don't know what their stories all of since they took their banjo after knees
They just ain't never been the same no more or maybe it had to do with judge more judge mo
They might like it more as a governor
Evangelist Franklin Graham said to his day that Hurricane Katrina could lead away
Spiritual rebirth of a sinful New Orleans Graham the son and does he made an idiot successor of the obnoxious Reverend Billy Graham
Said he doesn't believe the devastating storm was a punishment from God for what he sees as the cities ties to
Satanic worship and sexual perversion
I'm not saying that God used the storm as a judgment Graham said but he said the cities Marty Grau
Revoli and ties to voodoo were a verse to Chris adverse to Christian believes ties to voodoo
That's not that I think he got confused with all that floating doodoo in the water
Not forget about the voodoo the problem in orlases the doodoo you idiot you would take you you ferry
New Orleans has been known for years is a party. I guess you left key west out of this too. Remember the big blow leg I too
Right, I'm surprised you didn't toss that in there too. They're sinful and gay
New Orleans has been known for years as a party town Graham sent a telephone interview with the AP from his office in Boone
North Carolina. I wonder if he's ever seen the boon in the box. I'm fair by their often. It's just have you really
Boone North Carolina. Oh, don't tell me that's close to where your place is damn close almost oh my god
Oh my god
It's a city that has strong ties to the gay and lesbian movement and these types of things not moon but the New Orleans right unfortunately on Monday
Graham delivered a similar message in an appearance in Lynchburg. There's been satanic worship
There's been sexual perversion God is going to use that storm to bring revival God has a plan God has a purpose of purpose
And if I have to see any more dolphins being saved
You know, it's just enough that I don't like their wonderful animals and everything
But wouldn't you think that people come first before dolphins? Hey there and at dogs maybe
Graham's comments reported by the news in advance of Lynchburg were made at Thomas Road Baptist Church's super conference
2005 at Liberty University both the church and university founded by the fact-based obnoxious
River Jerry Falwell who's dating gay tubby
Tinky tubby the good news is that God loves sinners at Graham
He said he has prayed with 30 in the Orleans for deliverance. Oh, that's the word. I'll write for deliverance from this dark
Spiritual cloud and he sees signs of promise of churches black and white work hand in hand through the city
And that's the deliverance all right his Americans purse organization is working in five communities and Mississippi
Texas Louisiana including New Orleans
He said volunteers were distributing 200 trailer homes in Louisiana the organization's been criticized for delivering gift bags to
Displace children and include Christian tracks and a stuff land that plays Jesus loves you. Yes, he does
This is part of a little more on the survey
I guess they've been it's worth reading over and over again because I've seen him yesterday
And it made my blood curl in my blood boil and it pissed me off and fired me up quit putting crazy people on the air and
Pretending that what they say makes any sense. They're so damn afraid of religion all these TV people
You're peeing in your pants. Okay. Oh, we might offend somebody too bad somebody needs to be offended
Cindy she's got a right. She don't care whether she picks on Republicans Democrats independence whoever it is
She's she's telling it like it is you go girl
Somebody might be offended while people are dying while this in San Diego all his hate is being spread
See I'm gonna let's let's do a little twist on it Madeline O'Hareland religion without hate is worth a damn forget about the hell
Yeah, religion without hate take your
In course for years now it's been the facts
But it used to be the Jews and with some groups it is the Muslims of course, right on Sunday the world in historic St. Louis
Cathedral held its first Sunday, but since the hurricane and Archbishop Alfred C
He was against the city with a community with
Well, we read that yesterday about the Catholic leader
We assure the congregation that God did not cause the hurricane to punish evil to us
So there again is the riff between these born again lunatics and they are Catholic lunatics. How do you like that?
Yeah, maniacs lunatics and you people continue going out the flock and of course what what what what kind of animal
Would we find in a flock sheep you got it sheep?
They're all goose stepping right in line and not just behind bush, but behind whatever they're crazy
Made up bubble my sees do's you're happened to be whatever religious nonsense whatever foolish idiotic
You know rituals although I tell you one thing the Catholics have got some good stuff
But not to be out done by the Jews with those trails and was those know it we got some good crap
And the citizens in the it's a villain on the dovetting and yeah, there you go
That's the Muslims are doing a better job and they got their flying magic cart. What's a little ash compared to that?
That's a very important carpent remember Persia sure 1114 is what I messed the potato
Yeah, you're just getting started gentlemen
Start your engines
We get started so we can end it and I want to get started right away
You ready to get started?
Grab something and let's start let's go
All right, let's go good one let's go
Okay, folks, let's get this party started
He said column on the party started you know who I am I'm mob green. I made my bone when you were going out with cheerleaders
How do you like that? Hey mo come to Florida, baby
Days on it
Translate small
There's some more than needed to justify translate
Light like Shminderick, you know, right? I mean Shminderick and Puts are close and the Shmagegi
That's the right in the running to anyway speaking a Shmagegi a call by US president
We probably ought to take a couple of calls here and in his first dose because I know that I think so before the end of the day
We will get a real call. I believe how much you but necessarily all right WQ a.m. Hello
Really me oh you think me up. Yes, sir. You're playing a dad father song. I love it
But the other day you played the job from Jack living
About the chalk. Yeah
That's when you watch him when you sold the property to those people who really don't
Right, Niborg right?
Five of poppy the sister or something right that a crack. No, it's a husband of white
Yeah, all the old people who sign anything were like they're on the list of nubinics. They're just phony deadbeats
Trock me. I was great. Thanks a lot buddy. Okay, paly. Well, he was easy. See I told it now there is a guy
And it was a car not earth-shaking and was had nothing to do with anything but it was fine because we like Glenn Gary Glen Ross a lot
If you want to see a grid movie go see a Glenn Hill. I mean Glenn Ross Glenn Gary Glenn Ross man one of the best movies now
Did you see that one? Yeah, you don't remember you recommended to me
I said it was good when you actually liked it. Oh good God. There's hope after all somebody Q.A. M. Hello
Who I am
Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing paly? Hey, have you heard about the two guys in both of the chatty? Yeah
Yeah, I just got through to I'm not interested
I don't care about the Jews in Bokeh at a busy shooting. It's the new deal in Florida and Jews are just as much in title
The shoot each other is the goyam. Okay leave him alone
Jesus have I heard about it? You're right, man
You're just it's just a hopeless situation. Yeah, I've had sit here and be reading the story about condolence
I thought was pretty spectacular, but all these other very thoughtful thing
I'm just parting into a windstorm, but you know something
I really ever parting into a windstorm. Aha. See surprise. Gotcha. I know better than anybody
What a waste of time it is doing all this stuff, but I enjoy parting into windstorm now and then when the when it comes back at you
When it gear like upwind from it. Yeah, WDQ. I am hello
Boring WDQ. I am hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, pal. Hey, we're looking forward to the pants are opening night tonight. Yeah, good
Have a good time. WDQ. I am hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, good
All the time is when a call and say it becomes it seems to be more parents everyday
Why they'll use to feed the Christians to the lines?
And that's about it. That's the only thing I miss when I go to Rome and I go to the Colosseum is I don't see them
Feeding any more Christians to the lines and not only knows we need a lot more lines in there man
Maybe the Detroit lines could go over there. They sure can't win any football games and Josh knows that
Great victory on Sunday very very a commendatory
WDQ. Why am hello
Leo. Yes, sir. It's so redundant what we're doing out in Iraq. It just came back
Real enemy is Syria and Saudi Arabia. I don't understand what the hell is going on with our
We're all with Syria and Pakistan Syria
We're all over there kicking ass and are we just keep getting coming in?
Get out of here. You babbling lunatic
Man, what a gumball cloth. That's cute. That's what you tell me
WDQ. Why am hello?
Neil. Yes, sir. Two quick things. Okay. No little uno
The
Bobbler returns Godfather returns the book. Have you read it? No, I have not are you going to? No, it's good
Well, I'm happy. It's good. I love the godfather book even better than the movie as much as I love the movie
But I just don't have that much time left in my life to be reading fiction. Okay?
It fills in all the missing ones. Yeah, very good. I'm glad
Okay
Haven't seen it yet. Oh, you got a seat. I you're gonna love it. Okay, not a big throw any Christians to lions on it
Yeah, excellent. I'll be taping it every day
Yeah, watch that you're gonna love it. Okay, thanks paling. Just weekend. They have all three episodes in one shot
You'll see it. You'll get it right for the end. I'll peevee are it
Do your best. Okay, it's not gonna be a lot
It is a very good series
I saw a little
Well written good pacing
Good
Usually from the godfather
Course if you call and of course you're probably gonna wind up in hell
That's what the
All roads lead to hell here's the fact that says I definitely voted for stupid amounts of prizes not leading the voli voting for
Stupid for most is impossible. They'd rather blame somebody else only stupid people can be brainwashed
No, no, that's not true because when you're a kid it's not a question being stupid
It's question not knowing anything and when they when they hammer it into your head over and over and over again
And all the rituals and crossing yourself and the beads and the yeah by the head gear and all the other craft
Just like those madrasas right man. I'm telling you that that's just like the Catholic Church
Like it said in that which movie was it it was the one with the mad Damon and what's his name and then
Oh, man, I got it right on the tip of my tongue. Yeah
With George Carlin. Oh dogma dogma. He said you know get him while they're young and more ways than one
The McCashing Church and other people believe what they want to believe not what makes sense, but what makes them feel good
Yeah, but when it's but when you've been brainwashed in the time you're
You know old enough that you're leaving know what the day it is. I don't know it's not easy and it easy
So instead of the programming all these so-called cults
Let's deprogram all the people that have been brainwashed in these asinine religions, which is all of the above all of these
Things I prefer the ones that have evidence to support their stupidity. Oh, yeah, you mean like this shroud of turin for example
Only stupid people can be brainwashed or need to crutch one of along to a club our devoted commonsense or have fear of death
They can't think oh, that's another good one for well like a common sense is that the same as they can't think for themselves?
I don't know oh well in that case stupid freaking people it says whoever sent this I would say
PS Harriet might just be that's Harry to you sir
Might just be a 12 step or what a religious conversion thing
Maybe she's bush is less being drinking buddy. Now just say that yesterday
That he seems to get along with these weak willed women much better than the neo boys with the bags under eye she can get a samsonite endorsement contract
Oh
That's right. He was a cheerleader, you know that he's got to ride the bus with the only person I can think of with bigger bags is Maria Barclay Romo on
The gambling channel like the real Barclay Romo record even at public scene ever saw bags that size
No Harry and earth Miami. Oh, I wonder if that's Harry uh the new supreme court justice Harry Myers Harry at can we have because of true belief or something like that?
Oh because of true belief
That means true belief to you in other words it says all the other options are so negative even though my vote in my belief religion is a result of brainwashing by my parents growing up
hahaha
Let's put that on there
I don't really get a kick out of that one nice going Harry you go boy girl whenever you are
This is Neil Rogers
This is five sixty two
Hello, I'm the general manager of his radio station and today is russia shana the Jewish new year
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths
We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year
Although before we hear him another bombing in Iraq or just uh just another one. Why don't you ever read any of the good news from Iraq? Okay
Hey, hey, that's it. Go home. Okay
He was very
Oh
This religion
They held a big convention
For
I know I feel what I was about to see
Oh, they were speaking in tone
That's what that made me a believer
Oh
Seeking
They got people
Oh
Oh
That makes me
Play in round
Okay
They really believe in fairy tales. Okay. See that's for the real believers like no, no, that's still in kind they ready believe
I don't think they wanted to be kind because why would I want to be kind about such nonsense?
So I think in service you should put on a crack the
You begin to record a time the lignin bloodshed killing intolerance hate hate get to go to all hate mongers out man
Oh, but we're love we're compassionate conservatives. We just hate everybody who don't think like us. Which is most everybody
You know, we did we take that thing down which I think we did which I don't know who gave that order don't ever give an order like that again
What Connie that from the mirror UK I think it's gone. I had bush here. Well, how can so many million
American be so dumb is that that's the one huh gone? I'm looking right now. I don't see you 100 years
Well, I you know be said me the guy that's
Doing the number on his motorcycle on his thing
We don't need that there's a lot of stuff on there. We don't need including that stupid as first Baptist church
Phony phony marquiping there's plenty of stuff on air that's
The chimpanzee stuff we need that but didn't I say don't ever take that off of there? Yeah, didn't I say that?
I thought I heard that yeah, well don't whoever gave that order don't ever give an order like that again
And I don't know if Eric still has that or if we have the ability to get that back up on there
But that I might that was that was the deal. Let's be supposed to stay on there as long as the website is up that thing is gonna stay up
How do you like that? All right? Let me see if I can find it and if not I'm sure
It doesn't matter of fact since we have all these bloggers now
But I'm thinking is that even after I'm not doing this show anymore until they stick my ass in a box if I survive that long
Oh, I'm still I think we still maintain the website. Okay. How do you like that? All right?
Josh can make a few extra bucks on it. He won't be involved in it
He'll be like he'll be like up there at ESPN somewhere with a bootchambi
And you know something I have to admit you were right. I was wrong. Okay about about boo
What do you mean he's got he's got nationalist version now on ESPN me
He's all over the place. He's on nationwide TV
Ah and everybody's raving about how good he's doing and which he is. He's an excellent play-by-play guy
The only thing I know everybody can be criticized
I don't like the way he says kicks and throws
I mean it's okay to do that like once every like five innings or something but I kicks and throws
We don't want to hear that in every pitch boog. It's a little ponder. So kicks and throws
But nevertheless nobody's perfect. He's working on it. He's excellent. Yes. Yes
And he's you know especially getting out of the Marguerlin organization because
With a track record they got to what they've done to their broadcasters. You know what's going on there
I'd he's he's way ahead of the game
So you were right. I was wrong. See it takes a big fat old queen like me to admit being wrong
I'm gonna write that down right market on your sleeve. Okay put it right on your wrist. They're like in momentum
And you see momentum. I have it. Yeah from the beginning of the end
Both oh let's talk about those Easter eggs. Showy
We're not talking about the Kanye rule on the White House lawn either. Okay you smarty pants
We're talking about Easter eggs on your CDs and DVDs and DVDs
Ever have Easter eggs in your DVDs? Uh, yeah
Vorsh military bird for the roll slam. This man can't do anything right. He may not be good. But least he's consistent
I'll boot our red
Okay, we're gonna put that on there. They really believe in fairy tales. Is that going on to pull?
I think you should put on there because God is real you heathens
No, no, I just got to tell you what is gonna be on there. Marry a smarty pants
They really believe in fairy tales. That's what I want on the pole. Okay. Now. I think I'm losing control of the ship
Okay, Captain. I feel like a hungry bullbar in a keen eye mutiny
Kind of always like that. I mean Francis. Oh here. Whoa. Oh, it's you. He was a good looking guy
He's dead. I know you know I'm talking about. Yeah, I did he was a star of the movie. He was the central character
Was it Francis Oh here?
He's driving in the eighth race at Hazel Park tonight. Get out of here Francis. Oh here my ass
That's what I heard let's get that on there. They really believe in fairy tales
What I'm going to want for the jipper. Okay. Can I get to bush in the a bird flu? No, he's all he is for the birds
I heard my US president George W. Bush for Congress to give him the power to use the military law enforcement rules in the event of bird flu pandemic
Has been criticized as akin to introducing
Marshall law land of the free my ass free speech my ass
Bush said aggressive action would be needed to prevent a potentially disastrous US outbreak of a disease
That's sweeping through Asian poultry of which expert sphere could mutate the past between humans
Such a deadly event will raise difficult questions such as how to quarantine
Might be in fourth president said. I'm concerned about what an avion through outbreak
It means for the US and the world he told reporters during a Rose Garden news conference on Tuesday yesterday
One option is the use of military that's able to plan and move he said
So that's why I put it on the table. I think it's an important debate for Congress to have a military bring out the militia
Maybe let's have Marshall law the positive commentator sector of 1878 bands the military from participating in police type activity on US soil
But doctor Irwin red liner the associate dean of Columbia universities
mailman school of public health and director of its national center for disaster preparedness told the AP the president's
Suggestion was dangerous
Dangerous and of course the president is dangerous just like all the neocons have religious nuts around him
They're all at least one thing they haven't common. They're all dangerous
Giving the military a law enforcement role being extraordinarily draconian measure
It would be unnecessary if the nation built a capability for rapid vaccine production
Ensured large supply of anti-varyals like tamma flu and and not allowed the degradation of the public health system
The translation of this is Marshall law in the USA red liner said and gene heli not the guy to use to be this jockey on W.I.L.S. in
Lansing gene heli a senior editor at the conservative cato institute said
Bush would risk undermining a fundamental principle American law by tinkering with the act
Which does not hinder the military's ability respond to a crisis
What it does is set a high bar for the use of federal troops in a policing rule
He wrote in a commentary on the groups website that reflects America's traditional distress of using standing armies to enforce order at home
A distrust that is well justified
How do you like that this coming from the conservative cato institute a
Heli said soldiers are not trained as police officers and putting them in the civilian law enforcement rule can result in serious
Collateral damage to American life and liberty especially in Florida
You know have target practice
You know what you're right because the doesn't the law says not that doesn't count if it's police
But what about military police then go back into all just for example
You see the target practice today
People who catch the worst drain of avion flu can die of viral pneumonia and acute respiratory distress
According to Mayo clinic calm the disease is killed tens of millions of birds in Asia
Last week the UN South agency the W.H.O.
So after he spears that the disease could kill as many as 150 million people worldwide
We're not going to know how lethal the next pandemic is going to be until the pandemic begins
W.H.O. influenza spokesman Dick Thompson said according to the A&P the consequences of an outbreak in the West need to be addressed before catastrophe
Strikes were said the president said he saw things differently. They did his governor of Texas
I didn't want the president telling you how to be the commander in chief of the Texas guard
He said but Congress needs to take a look at circumstances that may need to vest the capacity of the president to move beyond that debate
And one such catastrophe or one such challenge could be an avion flu outbreak or too many people drinking avion water
Should avion flu me you take and gain the ability to spread easily from human to human world leaders in scientists
We need rapid access to accurate information to be able to stem its spread
He said we need to know and a real-time basis the facts of the world scientific community can analyze the facts
He said I take this issue very seriously boy said I'm not predicting outbreak
But just suggesting me we ought to be thinking about it and we are oh my god
We're all going to be use stuff and pretty sure man
You know something I'm starting to realize that you see people the gun nuts
We think that they're your guns even your AK-47s you use these your whole arsenal of all your weapons and your
You know pipe bombs whatever else you got later on to cry good. It's hot that your hand grenade
That's gonna be safe on a tank scum rule and I got news for you okay ain't gonna happen
You won't be saying thanks a lot when it starts happening 612 votes. They really believe in fairy tales has already got a big one
You
True Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
He ruled the rock airwaves for almost a decade and a little bastard isn't even from this country
He was Brian Adams
Thanks welcome to inside the behind brine see about what say about a boot isn't that darling
Now say cow cow. Oh, I thought it worked the same way in all the owls and owls
You thought I was gonna say coup instead of cow maybe look
I'm a member of the order of Canada the order of British Columbia and I was added to Canada's walk of fame in 1990
This is inside the behind reporting live from Canada's block long walk of fame where Brian Adams shares sidewalk space with the likes of some 41
Rick Moranis and Celine Dion who'll be ding oh
Oh, yeah, what about Pamela Anderson what about her it's just her name and some cement
It's not like you can look at her jugs. I've had a boot enough of this a boot. He said a boot
You were right. He is darling
Are you
Yeah, Brian Adams
Canadian
Is it bad adorable?
It's a big juicy something went look at show business tonight. I'm inside the behind can't wait
Here's a fact from Jonathan implantation says people turn the religion to try to make a mens for all the really bad crap
They pulled when they were younger and not yelled guilt have a great tank. He's got the good work says Jonathan implantation
You want to put guilt on there? Sure. What about guilt? I'd feel guilty if we didn't all bad news from Iraq while you're putting guilt on the pool
We got 629 votes. We're not going to get to our 700 by noon Josh
And that's it leaves it very high. I guess well, are we we've been on a roll lately though? Yeah, we've been ruling it and George has been smoking it here
629 votes only one for they really believe in puritails and of course the religion is to other oh my god
I and real surprise the Bush administration the Nazi regime has said that there against this
So assisted suicide the Supreme Court is gonna take assisted suicide the right to die thing over here
What a surprise to the British who's life choose life kill a bunch of Iraqi and sacrifice a bunch of our soldiers
But choose life and in Florida your bad-ass government says
Both some people away if they looked dangerous to you
But other than that choose life here's the bad news. Well, it's just more the same, you know
A suicide bomber killed 13 people and wounded about 40 outside of mosque in Hilla, South of Baghdad today
And she got worshippers regathering for the start of the holy month of Ramadan a Ramadan
oops
So there you go again
Yeah, we put guilt on there and that might to goose it up the more choices we put on you a better chance
We got for a thousand votes today
Although I think the choice the chances are slim and next to none
That's what I'm picking
My you know, we've been through this many a time
I think there was one day we had like 800 votes by no, wasn't there?
Well, I forget what it was
I'm real popular like you still hate the Cubans as much as you used to something like that probably
My anything I have to do with hate in South Florida goes over very very big
Secure bands it's the Nikobadlands it's somebody. Oh, excuse
Really? Oh, that's that's what they hate
Well, at least one thing they ought to be happy about is that the dark folks that'll be happy that they take the heat off of them and oh
They he did he said the heat
I should probably take a couple of calls in your
Why I think you should why oh, cuz you don't like my pile today. I love your pile and you know, I do but
I think you'll be
In spectacular these people been ringing the phone forever. They must have something really bad. Come in to you. Why am hello?
Hello, yes, sir. Oh, you know, I've seen the front cover of my man here to show the Dominican girl who's now Islamic
Well, before that I got that story coming up about more and more Hispanic women ever going to
Muslim
Preserve enough
All right point out is that she's just a nutcase no matter where she is seven days and it's more Muslim
Well, at least she's consistent anyway. Okay. She's got pasta. Well, by the way
Yeah, more Hispanic women convert into Islam. I got that if I get to it. It's it's in my pile
They can have more rights. I guess. Yeah, that's right
Of course, they can't drive now. I wonder if Muslims Muslim women in America if they can drive
Well, it's not illegal. No, no, it's got nothing to do with what it's legal or not
I'm talking about within their religion that that's an interesting question because I can Saudi Arabia the
Women can't drive it's illegal. That's not the point
It's because of their religious
Finanacism the Saudis and then the Paki's baby
We're gonna get in there and then clean house this Iraq stuff just a diversion and perversion and waste the time in life
Let's go in there and get the real evil doers. Okay, although of course the Saudis that would be bad for the bush bin Laden business
I guess that would be really really bad for the car-liled group line nine WQ a.m. Hello
I'm not lying. Nine's my favorite Q a.m. Hello
How does it wear in a major market? We have probably the worst
Announcers in all of sports in one mark mark on one of the sports shows and talk to them about it
Can't give a crap. Let's see who you got one who he's talking about probably like
Goldie take on a shot at Kelly hasn't even called it first. Gania give him a give him a break where y'all he didn't say that
Maybe he's talking about Dave and boring. Maybe starting out roxy. I don't think so
He's got a plump it out. I mean, what does that have to do with the price of peanuts? So well who cares?
Hey, look what I just got off the tax machine. What's that? Fifth of the day man 79 guns down fellow worst of her. I've got a synagogue
Oy
If you people think I'm gonna waste my time with Jews shooting Jews, you know, and it's just enough already
Okay, you're not happy when they're shooting the Palestinians who have their like rocks and stones and pebbles
That's not good enough for us, you know, but on Russia shot we got to talk about crazy old Jews and vocab shooting each other
It's Florida baby. Okay. There's something right not only the new year, but the new law. That's it
WDQ a.m. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. First of all, I'd like to respond to that
Moron who said we should invade Syria. Yeah, I mean how in the world can a small week secular Arab country be a threat to the United States
Yeah, they're not the ones promoting fundamentalism like Grenada for example
Yeah, yeah another big threat to the country like last Malvenas for the Brits man the fuck when I was a better a help them out
Panama and another coalition going
Yeah, but I mean, you know, we know what his agenda was it wasn't
stopping fundamentalism
It's something else. Yeah, but
How about how about this for a poll the world's most obnoxious religious leader? We've done that before
I don't think so. Well, maybe something like that
But I think that sounds really good. Like we'll see him
Yeah, tomorrow, you know, Benny hand the Pope right away and Benny Hendo isn't a religious leader. I
Yeah, just bigger religion or whatever
Leader yeah, anybody
All well religious figure we don't think we'll never do too often
Dali apartment. Okay, thanks a lot because I think we're part of our company right now five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line. We got mold. Howard. The momo momo Howard David and two
We got mad dog it for from the Bank Atlantic Yanta Center at the the hockey thing four to six thirty pants and previous six thirty
Atlanta trashers at the panthers the not only first home game of the season but the first game in like a year and a half
Seven o'clock tonight Eddie K follows the hockey game the hockey game
WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey, go on for a poll. Yes, sir. I hate the Cuban
I
Hey
What a surprise. Dominic you. I am hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Why does America continue to invade other countries? Can't they see that
Free tape? Yeah, maybe they're not bad man. I thought I got to use the blow their crap away. Okay
Okay, getting back to my important pile here since you're so impressed by these calls. Hey, wasn't it worth it?
Oh, by the way line nine. I think we have a communication problem, huh
Well, once in a while we get some good calls from out of town on there, but obviously it's the same up turdburger on their all day today
So why would you why would you want me to waste my time with that swill with that crap? Oh, you know, be
652 votes. We got a shot at being close to 700 by noon. Maybe we will get right on the verge of a thousand
And if we get close to it, of course, we know our cradle put us over the edge put us over the top. Won't they? No, oh, that's because all the
I think I've lost contact with a South Florida audience finally left like I said about Eric Clapton's kid flying out the window
Many years ago. This is it near you finally done you've gone over the line
You're making fun of other people's religion. Oh, what a concept. I'm making fun of everybody's religion because it needs to stop
Believe what you want believe everybody alone any religion that has to do with intolerance and hate
They need something I want to be involved with okay, and you go back to all the good book
They're gonna how can it be the good book when it's talking about everybody killing each other and God telling
We make sure you get all your enemies and my raths your back side and here kids who are disobedient to their parents
She'll surely be stolen to death, you know like that bit we got the guiding she had you're gonna get stolen twice
You know all the Middle Eastern religions have that all that crap all the same old mumbo jumbo gumbo
Wonder how that gumbo is coming by the way in allians when you know what Franklin
Tangborn, I mean Franklin Graham says yeah, and when a when Jonathan King told him that the first businesses that we'll be opening a lot of more
The strip clubs. I thought his eyeballs were gonna pop right out of his
Socket I thought he was gonna suck it man supreme core nominee
Harry and Myers is personally opposed to abortion or long time companion her long time companion said Tuesday, you know if that would
When I first saw this story, I thought to myself. Oh, no
All the rest are what they call her Harry and she was clearing brush with bush. She was clearing
Oops the bush
Back in the yeah, okay
With a brush. Well, they have those all right
Supreme court nominee Harry and Myers is personally opposed to abortion or long time companion said to divinity he added
That doesn't mean she'll vote to overturn rovy way. Yes, she will of course she will
There's no doubt that Nathan L. Hectey Texas Supreme Court justice has been a closed companion of virus since they first worked together for Dallas law firm 30 years ago
His comments are the clearest indicates today the virus view on abortion which as with other issues
She would likely face on a high court is unknown
Hect is known as the most conservative member of the conservative Texas Supreme Court
He's sort of the Scalia of that court smart aggressive and very conservative said University of Texas law professor
Douglas laycock
Hectavocal opponent of the abortion rights said in an interview yesterday that Myers shared his views the two attend the evangelical
Valley view Christian church near Dallas where they minister to ex-gays among other fundamentalist lunatic things ex-gays
But when I ask let's say
Sorry Harry goes to a church that is pro-life. She has for 25 years
He says he gives them a lot of money her personal views lie in that direction in other words
I think the word he's looking for is far bison
But when asked if her personal opposition to abortion would give her sufficient cost to overturn the Supreme Court's abortion
Presson Hect said I think she'll say they won't see that yeah, he's right
I think she'll say they won't
Myers didn't record as a lot of many consider the activists who fear she won't be the unwavering voice on the right that they want on the high court
But Hect's comments and abortion are among several pieces of evidence that have persuaded many other conservatives to support the president's nominee
Harry I encourage people to connect the dots a jacekulo the anxious
self-hating chief counsel for the so-called American Center for Law and Justice Hect is a pro-life conservative
So we take a lot of comfort from that he said Myers gave 150 bucks to Texans United for life in 1988
None was a sponsor their annual dinner that honored representative Henry Hyde
Oh that hypocrite who ran off at poor guy from Western's wife a leading congressional opponent of abortion
Another phony baloney hypocrite man. Isn't that what republicans generally means nowadays phony baloney hypocrite finger pointing
Born again pretty much. I wanted to meet with a group of pro-choice women and she said she wasn't pro
Wait a minute. Lorley Bartos was Myers campaign manager in the race for the Dallas City Council
And I'm recalled that she was surprised to learn her candidate was opposed to abortion rights
Lorley Bartos says I wanted to meet her to meet with a group of pro-choice women
And she said she wasn't pro-choice
She said she has been pro-choice
But now has changed her view more over a second the noted bushes vibes for her
She shares the president's judicial philosophy
What he said and that should be enough for everybody to get everywhere like peeing in their pants
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 QA
This is at Homeland Security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
To put on toy
And over with that view is that the day you've got a lot of time to talk about me that way
I don't give a crap with that very message
Just me working to get us
I all have you know I know what I'm talking about
I've been looking at the candle I can see elevated down
And on my way to the car when I told my golden basket out I give a free condo
I
Said the boys the back is down why you
As I got along you sport old moves. I know everything that's going on in the news
Why even though all the new major rules I'm into the judge
You
Yeah, little smoothies
I'm definitely thinking top five of all time right here. I could be wrong
What I'm thinking that brings it here. Aren't you thinking that usually six hundred eight three votes on a poll so far
So it came fairly close to 700 by the top there we will not get to a thousand a day because the audience just kind of probably because a lot of our audience
Are like celebrating Ramadan today
For those people follow religion because of brainwashing 200 of you said fear of death 185
weakness and need for a crutch
178 clutch your crutch stupidity 43 let's start to make a little move
Why even belong to a club 40 like a common sense 28
They really believe in fairy tales five and guilt four guilt is a make it a quick move now
Now is a Catholic guilt or Jewish guilt? Oh, that's always that's it debate about sure
Which is the greater guilt trip the Catholic Church ladies on you or the Jews lay on your guilt? They should fight it out
They're ain't nothing like oh, they already have
six centuries in case you haven't noticed Matthew Rothschild and the progressive rights of
And this is I promise you the last story about Harriet Harry Harry Harriet a crony for the court
But I think there are a few people out there like they found a little bit moe about this
Not see bitch. I mean this a wonderful young lady old lady bite
After coming under with him criticism for crony is in bush turns around and appoints a crony the supreme court
Other than being a successful corporate lawyer in Texas. Oh, and don't forget
She served one term on the Dallas City Council bush boasted the only qualification that Harry at myers had is that
He's written the W wave
She's been inside the sanctum sanctum for quite a while now. She was bush's person lawyer in Texas
She worked as council for his 94 gubernatorial campaign when he won he appointed her to have the lottery commission
She also proved indispensable in a carrying out a delicate assignment in 98
Accordingly fold off your daily news during bush's re-election campaign for governor
She was put in charge discussing rumors about bush's dubious national guard service
His campaign actually paid myers
$19,000 to run an internal preemptive probe with the potential scandal
When bush became prison he made her staff secretary at the White House then deputy chief of staff and White House council
But that doesn't mean she's got the traps for the highest court in the land
Even the national review online acknowledged her lack of qualifications for the job
Being a bush lawyer list in friend is not a qualification for the Supreme Court
It's editorial says she may have been the best pick from within bushes in her circle
It seems impossible to maintain that she was the best pick from any larger field
Less than a year ago myers his deputy chief of staff was handling the incipit ask the White House interactive forum
On October 29th 2004 just five days before the election myers showed for bush
Here's part of that transcript James from Mountain View California rights
Are we better off now than we were four years ago?
Harriet Myers thanks James. This is a very good question. I'm pleased to give you my views
The president's optimism is been faith in the work and people in our economy
Helped inspire a remarkable recovery the president responded swiftly to the attacks on 9-11
Additionally with victories in Afghanistan and the toppling of Sodom Hussein and Iraq another efforts around the world
We are promoting freedom and democracy
So James as you can tell I think we're much better off than we were four years ago
Billy from Bethel Connecticut writes
Hi, I would like to say that bush has the right idea about the no child left behind program
Now celebrating its second year for the first time
Children in the grades three three will be tested with reading and maths tests to figure out their abilities to work with such subjects
Great job and keep up the good work
Billy Harry admirers. Hi Billy and good next question your comments about the no child left behind act mirror
What we've seen around the nation the president's education reforms are working and on and on including emails from people
Presidents reckoned providing veterans benefits securing the nation and boosting the economy one said the current numbers look
Fantastic
They must have been talking about that three trillion dollar debt right she concluded the session
I appreciate all those who write it wrote in today and for you being with us also hearing from Americans across the country is inspiring and interesting
I hope everyone has a great weekend. Don't forget to be set your clocks Saturday night
That's hardly the stuff based Supreme Court justice
But you can bet that she'll be a down-the-line conservative on social issues one clue dates back to 1993 when Myers is president of Texas bar
tried to get the American Bar Association reconsider its pro-abortion rights dances and gear in a vapi reports another clue
She served on the board of directors of prison exodus ministries in Dallas
Which described itself as a place where ex-offenders learn how faith in Christ is the first step from captivity to freedom
Free to captivity to freedom
So she was involved in ex everything ex prison ex gay ex uh you name it and you can bet that she'll tow the corporate line
She's represented uh
Microsoft Walt Disney in Sungard. She's spoken in conferences of the American Torque Reform Association the business group has been one of the prime movers against anti-corporate lawsuits
And she was a trustee of the Southwestern Legal Foundation, which is now the center for American International Law
The center appears to be in the pocket of big oil
Advise be board members on its Institute for Energy Law includes several ex-on-mobile executives as well as representatives of
Amorada has BP Chevron
Conoco Phillips hot marathon oxygenl shell and Texaco according to the group exon secrets dot org
The center for American international laws received $170,000 plus from exon-mobile since 98 and like robbers before her
She comes out of the executive branch and justices with such a pedigree tend to lick the feet of the president from the bench
Oh, what a concept that's especially disturbing now as bush acts as though there's no check on his war-making powers
As White House counsel Myers must have had a hand in the legal process
The Supreme Court is ordered for Guantanamo and and continuing to insist on the legality of rounding up U.S. citizens like Jose Padilla
She's a crony through and through with no experience whatsoever on the bench and no legal scholarship
If she's approved by the Senate she will tilt the bench decisively toward the executive branch
Whose a grandizement has been the singular mission of dictates and an administration intent on accumulating executive power
Miss Maira's views on and rule in these issues will be important for the Senate to examine since Senator Patrick Leahy
Democrat of Vermont
It's important to know whether she would enter this key post of the judicial independence necessary
When the Supreme Court considers issues of interest to this administration
But Bush didn't nominate her for such judicial independence. He nominated her to be his and the executives
Dependent for life well said there a Matthew Rothschild. I like dependent for life
So while you people out there that are oblivious to this here's a fact from somebody says please
Not Bokobry and know that he could make a fortune selling the doors of back in time as a single ice melt Grammy
So somebody was that he didn't I smell Grammy? Oh, baby. Oh, man. Let's be that tochies that toe jam. Jam on it
Well, there you go seven hundred and three votes at twelve oh nine. That's not bad. We got a little outside shot
Don't you think?
Florida we have an outside shot everybody does right quarters
Here we go. That's here. Am I what?
Silicon server?
Bradley so
Are you a moron? Abu Garo wow. Come on Georgia. You're moron
Well, we know that tell us something we didn't know
Iraq seats to you and on referendum thing are things are going so well over there
They run a verge of another major uh
Psychotic episode
Politically this is aside from all the killings of course
Iraq's national assembly back down today from controversial and possibly illegal plans to change the counting method for next week's
referendum after a brief debate publicist and voted 119 to 28 to restore the original rules for the referendum
After you and lawyers warned Iraqi leaders that the last minute changes fell short of international standards
The referendum due to be held October 15 will decide whether to accept the draft constitution
Which is backed by the Shia and Kurd majority
These soon-e minority generally oppose the current proposals and have been trying against sufficient support to have them rejected
Under the original election rules if two thirds of voters and three of Iraqis 18 provinces vote against the referendum
Would have to be rewritten in order to make sure victory Kurds and Shia's changed the electoral law over the weekend
So that such a veto would require two thirds of the registered voters in the three provinces rather than just two thirds of those who vote
They also ruled that for the constitution to pass only two thirds of those who vote rather than those who are registered would be sufficient
That caused serious upper or among Sunnis and yesterday the UN raised concerns about its legality
We've expressed our position of the national assembly and leadership of the government and told them that the decision that was taken was not acceptable
And would not meet international standards at Jose Arrania as a UN legal expert today's parliamentary vote restores the original rules
The US and Britain hope a majority yes vote in the referendum or unite you in Iraq's disparate factions
And the world's support for the country's insurgency allowing them to eventually begin withdrawing foreign troops
Right your mama. You got a trinement chance in a habeas baby. You're dreaming
Can you say civil war civil war? That's what's going on
711 votes on the poll all those religious all these but my decision the worst part of it is he's doing it right on these important religious holidays
talk about this
This respectful nasty fag atheists bastard on a radio shame on you
Well shame on you if you're still like supporting all this insanity all the killing and the bloodshed and
hate hey baby hey
H-A-T-E
Jesse jensen writes oh I'm gonna I'd better do the break in it. It's not long you don't want to cut Jesse
I got so much I got so much of Roy Moore gonna run for governor Alabama Roy Moore with a band you want his name
Let me tell you again the deep South is still dangerous
Vancouver is the best city living in the world so they say more Hispanic women covering the Islam
Son and bond mother buried together nice kind of like a Norman Bates
Washington schools bands and explicit dances. I just thought I would tease a little bit of some of these 85th-thousands historic toilet to cost 24 grand
Turkey 24 grand for a toilet. Well how nice is it? I remember Johnny Jones and they golden plumbing fixtures
Remember Johnny Jones as he used to go to the school board. Remember him. Yes, I do
Wow, yeah, you're probably the only ones probably these people don't know Johnny Jones from Jenny Jones
Those big and Jenny Jones. How's Christy doing man?
She's still bouncing around on that all the ads. She's apparently thinner now, but still dits
Antonio the dress that she's wearing is 16 sizes too small
Oh, yeah, they put her into it with a shoehorn
And then they have her bouncing around on that big it looks like a thing from the prisoner. What do they call it?
Oh the or the robert robert robert robert robert
right the big bouncing ball
That's probably in curses case since he's with assigned tell just as probably one of the few balls she's ever seen
It's a trauma that's passed noon at 560 w.w.w.w.m
If you have sick or dying palm trees or palm trees that don't look as good as you think they should the palm tree doctor can help you
Palm tree doctor is our float as leading palm expert and they specialize in saving sick and dying palm trees
In most cases palm tree doctor can save your sick palms at a fraction of the replacement cost
And don't forget no job is too big or too small for these folks
Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies
homeowners associations and city governments too visit their website palm tree doctor
Dot com for more information including before and after pictures and references as well
You can even make an appointment online
Don't forget if you have sick or dying palms the only company you want to think about call is the palm tree doctor
Stop float as original palm specialists call today one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred
Nice and the arrived you're showing it a thirty dollar credit
Off your initial visit call palm tree doctor today and one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred or get more
Information online at palm tree doctor dot com. That's one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred for palm tree doctor when you really want results
This is meal Rogers
This is five sixty two eight
Oh
This is your box. Not seen who's up there with hones rumour
Good evening the white house and as today that the center stations are now open to all registered
Democrats to be processed for appropriate work at the time
This has been approved by the buzzer coin with the understanding that many Democrats are cute and are gray like rats
Another victory for president push in his war against errors
How Bush
My decision to rush that new law
Your
Supreme Court rule today that all home computers
Not the right way to the Department of Information
I'll be confiscated as in or listening to other than a group state
No, not a lot of under-retelerated
My leaders will be facing earlier just as those of the people
No time facing more tap in prison
Women with a press conference of a cup of oil must be misapplicized
All grassos must be removed
Additionally, even if the nationality abortion will be a beaten with royal hunger and enforced to stand outside
Or we would be called victory for president push in the order against terrorism
Oh Bush
The memorial is resident will be attending the ceremonial burying of our new west constitution
And will be signed in the evil and release of security to the law as soon as the white house is rebuilt
After last month devastating al-Qaeda attack
On the victory for president push in his war against terrorism
This has been a Fox Nazi news update
Fox Nazi news stay comfortable and leave the thinking to us
Come on open that moron. I don't know. I'll be damned. Well, it's kind of like network
You know, it's like a prophecy just like the Bible man the prophecies are coming true when the end time
At least the end of all your freedom is anyway
And if the Democrats came in on this one on this hairy guy of woman you'll see audio's rovy way baby
They're not gonna waste they're not gonna let any feedus is growing to their feet
734 votes on the pole. I don't think we're gonna anywhere near a thousand
But that's because we've been you know we just haven't put the pedal to the metal
You know what who cares Josh has got a good point. We've been kicking serious ass on it
In addition to weights to show this the shows this week have been so spectacular by do say so myself
I don't know why I mean because I'm going on vacation next week. Maybe that's it
Think that's it. So I can extend a little bit more energy this week blow it out your ass
734 votes
We're uh most people follow religion because of brainwashing to 11
Fear of death
Religion without a hell religion without hating worth a damn
196 weakness need for a crutch 190 stupidity 46 kind of like
Kind of like
Wanting to belong to a club 42 lack of common sense 28 guilt 12 and they really believe in fairy tales
O'Lean Yine Solomentine with me
Now I wasn't gonna do this tropical storm Tammy thing but come to find out you got some more crappy weather coming guys
Yeah, but it's north of us
No, but you got some more crappy weather coming guys
Tropical strip that's why I wasn't gonna talk about it
But I just saw the update from the scum sent a life and get a better pass it along okay
Since we're so news intensive here on this show and on QAM since we're really involved in the community
Hmm tropical storm Tammy formed just off Florida's east coast today
Clippring tornadoes heavy rains and coastal erosion in northern Florida and parts of Georgia and the Coralinas later in the day
And God is really especially pissed off a Georgia all them crackers all them red next up there in the trees and
Ain'try and all them bees they can we're still picking it up there Tammy is a member Tammy by uh
Debbie Reynolds on coral records orange label member Bokobrine. He says yes. Is he there? No, I'm just
Chattel. Oh, I thought maybe he was there. Oh, well he were you kidding me
Tammy is an minimal tropical storm since Steve let's go meteorologist and charge of national weather service in Jacksonville
The forecast movement will keep the worst of the weather offshore
Tammy with winds of 40 miles an hour centered about 20 miles east to Cape Canaveral at 7 30 this morning was moving to the north
North-west at 16 MPH
It was expected to continue with parallel to the coast in that direction while gradually slowing its forward motion
But meanwhile a flood watch isn't effect in South Florida through tomorrow morning because of a storm system that could dump
I'm sorry through Friday morning. Did you get that got it?
Because of a storm system that could dump five to eight inches of rain
Just what you needed man right on top of all the other
How's a rider we had Rita and the Katrina before Rita and all this other stuff
Read the meter made and here comes more crap boy
While some of the weather will be associated with Tammy to the north off the central Florida coast a low pressure system in the northeast in Gulf of Mexico
Is being blamed for much of the rain a complicated upper atmosphere low pressure system in the northeast Gulf of Mexico
Is expected to cause a series of disturbances to move from north from the northwest care of being across South Florida beginning tonight the weather service
Be saying beginning tonight you got it got it and addition their front is expected to move into the northern Gulf
Mexico late this week creating a very favorable situation for more heavy rainfall across South Florida
All it is getting so ponderous isn't it ponderous man?
Squally conditions are scheduled to arrive by this evening scheduled including thunderstorms and winds gusting the 30 miles an hour
National weather service in Miami says we want to get people a heads up said meteorologist Tom Warner the potential
There is for a heavy flooding rains the weather service warrant of train echo effects
Thunder storms with heavy rains moving over and over through the same areas as the system passes South Florida
Train echo effects. Can you believe that? I didn't even heard that before did you though?
The South Florida water management district said it is lowered canal levels and anticipation of heavy rains to prevent flood
Disturbing weather should taper up by Saturday when forecast to say it's only a 40% chance of rain more intermittent showers should roll in through the day today
It's gonna be nasty. It's gonna be brutal. It's gonna be a Florida baby. It's gonna be Florida
I threatened to read the Jesse Jackson Compton. You did threaten. I still got so much stuff here man
Well, we should take a real quick call WDQ. I am hello
Okay now. Yes sir. Hey, I just wanted to tell you man. I was on that website last night. You guys doing excellent job on that. Yes, we do
It was quite fun with some all the noises. We have sat there for an hour later
Great. All right dude. Hey, have a good day, man. And the price is right too, Pally. Oh, it's excellent man. Okay, see him
You guys are going to enjoy his art. You're hard work Josh and Eric even though some of ours me and George whatever we do
Yeah, well we have come up with those great stories
Oh, there's the phone. I mean, it's book of bronze this downstairs. Ask me if I'm gonna go run again
Are you gonna run down there? No, no, that's something to look forward to tomorrow
We have the the Goymar back in town. That's the sequel Jesse Jackson right? Okay
The thinking of voice mail can pick up any time and there's very annoying. It's super full. I hate that
No, not that phone. Nothing Toronto that would suck at a ring normal by the way. I fixed that on this machine. Yeah
Not daily. Yeah, see and like that machine. It's a great machine man. But it's all pure European. It's a good machine
Eased out with a big easy says Jesse Jackson in the Chicago sometimes and you know sometimes we like Jesse Jackson
Sometimes we don't so we like picking shoes. Yeah, he's one of those people don't like we don't like that mustache
It's kind of like kind of side in fact. I think only Hitler had a worse mustache. Don't you? Oh, I don't know the bit so many
How about a free shriver? No, no, I'm not talking about big and bushy. I'm just talking about like cock-eyed
Disargo maybe he has a cloth palette
I didn't know he painted after his administrations and competence and indifference had lethal consequences in Katrina's wake
President Bush has been scrambling to regain his footing. He's called for an unprecedented response to an unprecedented crisis
In religious services at the National Cathedral. He called on America to erase this legacy of racism exposed by those abetted in Katrina's wake
He's called on Congress to appropriate more than 60 billion dollars in emergency relief an outlined a recovery program
Like they'd cost up to 200 billion or nearly as much as the war in Iraq
All this has led the press to compare his plans to Frank the Roosevelt's new deal or Lyndon Johnson's great society
Don't fall for it a close look at the Bush plan reveals that this is a bad deal from a dextact against the poor
Who suffered the most in Katrina's wake the first clue came from Bush's first act
He issued orders he raced him in prevailing wage for work on rebuilding the Gulf and as administration gave Haliburton a liquid of no big contract to begin the work
Then he designated Alabama Mississippi and Louisiana and enterprise zone and using emergency authority waived all worker protections in the region
Protections for equal employment from minority contractors for health and safety for environmental protection
We're learning that when Bush promised to remove the legacy of racism in New Orleans
He meant he'd remove the poor who were victims of that racism Bush's secretary for housing and urban development alfonso Jackson
Reveal that to the Houston Chronicle whether we like it or not
New Orleans is not going to be 500,000 people for a long time when the HUD secretary said
New Orleans is not going to be as black as it was for a long time if ever again
He predicted New Orleans will slowly draw back as many as
175,000 people but that only 35 to 40 percent of post-gabry in the population would be black before
Between the New Orleans was two thirds black. I'm telling you as HUD secretary and having been a developer and a plan to that's how it's going to be Jackson revealed that he advised
May or rainigan not to rebuild the overwhelming we black ninth ward the people of the ninth ward are the maids and waiters who serve New Orleans tourists
They're the musicians who give the city its blues. They're the cops and government clerks are struggling to bring the city back
Half of the houses there are owned not rentals many of these workers are dispersed dispatched over 40 states
Many are still in shelters
No one could figure out why the Bush administration wouldn't give the evacuees housing vouchers to rent housing in and around New Orleans
Instead FEMA has ordered tens of thousands of traders and is struggling to build trailer parks
Bush rules to shelf between his victims now. We know Bush isn't planning urban renewal
He's planning urban removal the administration has given the victims of Katrina one way to get out with no plan for their return
Instead the planners will turn to Orleans into a gentrified theme park
They'll rebuild the white communities even those like middle-class gentilly and wealthy lake view
There was pro-dissivir flooding is the ninth ward
Congress should insist that Katrina's victims have a right to return and FEMA should develop a plan to make their return possible
They should have preference for the jobs that'll be created and rebuilding the city
They should be provided vouchers to use for nearby housing
If necessary local military base should be open with public transportation to get them to and from work
They should be paid the prevailing wage with these now care benefits
The people of the ninth ward should decide to pay their homes not urban planners and tend on building a new new Orleans without its black people
If their neighborhoods are not rebuilt and affordable and public housing should be built in other parts of the city
That's not what our fauncio jacks and the administration are planning
So it will take street heating congressional action to make them see the light
Katrina destroyed its victims homes. We shouldn't let the administration make them extraels from the rural city
And you go Jesse and how's that love child coming?
Give us a look
752 votes on that pool man. We got to like I don't know I'm thinking we're not gonna do it. Huh?
I don't know now. I'm gonna get that thousand eight. Let's make the goal seven
60 when you say okay
28 pass known in five 60 WQM if you
Real American a holes
We salute you
Mr director of the federal emergency management agency
We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina
It's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown
Can Brown do
Apparently nothing and that's what's left of the Gulf Coast
Nothing
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government
But you've created so much red tape the victims won't receive it till money
When all is said and done you will lose your job faster than you can say
E. Colour and if there's any justice in this world
You'll be calling the Houston Astridone home to
So we salute you
Mr director of the federal emergency management agency your clipboard your stupid navy blue theme assert and your come over
You are real American
Hey everybody. I'm Brown and Brown accountable for everybody brown and brown as a human being
I'm a pick is a point but I got a brown nose and I know where to point it
There was no runs to get them saying they don't vote Republican anyway. I did everything
I possibly can
The trauma's a poem for the crew like plan oh what a job I had as a director of FEMA
When I'm a forward and a piece of e-schema and a clue is son of a pig
It's just
It's around those in the bridge
It's just
Ground knows in the bridge
New Orleans is wiped out in gone
With W said I did one heck of a job
Man it's your pays off to be a brownie and another white maize
Christian
Follow the national guard is down there now
With all of us just to get the press out of town
Everybody go home. There's nothing to see
Everything here is baking pain over hurricane gave us a big easy
For you from social engineering like a giant republic in Swingy
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
I don't believe compassion's what we lack
It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend as you say it's a national disgrace
They should never lie in the first place
This is no time to blame the blame game since we know that perrytainter called by gays who are not the right gonna
All my life's trying to live in and borrow the role of where achieving the
Right wing dream you bake everybody
Like me and the ignorance of a big
Get his child's ground both in the bridge
Oh, how I'm just getting behind the old lady and horses
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses. I'm a negligent murderer now
And I'll keep going down with you
My nose brown
You're fairy 1236 24 till one at five sixty WQ am seven eighty. I'm smelling a thousand man
He's really I've smelled something else. Wow. Maybe that's a thousand people
I just had curry for lunch here could be one of those places around
No, seriously if we give like to eight thirty eight forty eight thirty
By the top of the hour we're gonna shot at a thousand by a two-flag
Which and you wonder why is that important? Well, it's not
But we like it, you know, we like it. It's a challenge. That's all it's fun
It's a challenge some for you to do it keeps you off the streets keep that a trouble and keep you from grounding and all that rain
It's coming tonight. Don't let that keep you from the hockey game
By the way, especially if you got free tickets
780 on how come there's all this religious crap stop it already stop they won't stop it
You know, they're already into a windstorm man big
Maybe that's probably going to a hurricane is what I'm doing. I'm firting into a cyclone
Paul Hackett. I wonder if he was akin to Frank Hackett from network remember where Robert Duvel was frank Hackett
Paul Hackett the Iraq War veteran from Susanne as matter of fact there's six of these Iraq war veterans
They're gonna be running this uh
Next year, you know, I had I had a vision yesterday
Obviously was swishful thinking that it was next year in other words
It was October the fifth yesterday, but it was only a month away from the two thousand six elections that's over oh
Man, I was like squeezing my kneecaps. I was so excited
But and somebody else pointed out to me which we try very hard not to think of this
It's only October 2005 you do realize that this band of Mary Nazis they've got three more years
I know this mantle the Constitution to do their end to reassemble the Supreme Court and to take away more of your rights
And to come up with a whole much more pay to the x-part 10 through 100 etc
Three more years
Holy moly rat man
Anyway, Paul Hackett the Iraq veteran from war veteran from Cincinnati who was healed by national democrats for his narrow lost
This summer in a heavily heavily republican house district in Ohio has decided to challenge Mike DeWine for US Senate in 2006
You go Paul
Spokesman dated Woodrow who served as a Hackett's campaign manager in his special election campaign for the second district
House seat against Jean Schmidt confirmed Hackett's run last night
Hackett had spent their Monday night
Hackett has spent the last month handing it around against Ohio senior said his news in his second six-year term
Hackett was flying back Monday evening for March and after meeting with Senate Democratic leader
The very very weak need Harry Reid of Nevada who was kissy kissing with the Harriet Myersio that they were discussing
Uh, and the Democratic Senate campaign committee
Harry Reid reminds me a little bit of a Greg Reid, you know
Interfactual read spokeswoman Tessa Heffin would not confirm her deny the meeting Monday
But Woodrow later said Reid gave Hackett the confidence to run
He found overwhelming support from leaders of the Democratic Party campaign organizations and staff Woodrow said
The one campaign manager Matt
Umat Carl said to one is a good record is a center yada yada yada
Etc. So on Hackett's own national attention about getting 48% of the vote august second
And Ohio's second district which voted 64% for bush last year at least according to the the the the die bold tag relations
Schmidt other republicans have said in the summertime special election for the house should not be considered as a bellwether for other congressional elections
Well, we'll see time will tell and Mike the wine go to hell
Speaking to people that are going to burn in hell. Oh now that at least 30 wounded. Look at that
In Hilla new numbers. This looks even more severe the new numbers 20 dead and at least 77 people wounded in that
I just said 30 bread at the bottom of the screen see better get your act together
There's just that idiotic bitch you got can ever think of her name. I just which was seriously
Compared to the way I feel about solely that I love solely compared to this
I don't want to think of you know who I mean. I said dude. I thought I thought her. This is Mrs. Limbaugh. Sorry
I thought you were about why don't apologize to her. No, I can't stand her either
But she's not in the same league with that other one the one we have known that now thinks she's a commentator what else her name?
I don't know begins with an age Harry as in Ohio Hitler Roy Moore speaking of Hitler announces a run for governor
Alabama speaking of all this political stuff. You're a little bit too nosy. They too bad too freaking bad
Okay, I am working my big old fat bag of the ass off to put some really meat some meat on
The table today. You know what I'm saying? I've brought some meat to the table. We're currently for once in my life
Port 793 on it. We're gonna have 800 by the time we finish this next break
What do you think Josh? We got a shot of course lean on it push it
I was the Alabama chief. That's what Duff said. Oh Duff said budget means today by the way and that big race for Josh
I'd better be coming through. I'm gonna be really. I'm gonna be on a rampage
Budget back from vacation after next week and find out Josh didn't give his raise
There's gonna be serious hell to pay Duff and clearance and Greg. I say Maddie Bell takes a 50% pay come and give it to Josh and George
I have a white bitch. What's wrong with that?
Nothing. He didn't do a damn thing except wild or around there come up up to your kneecaps. Okay. Just looking people's kneecaps
Maddie Bell my ass. I was to Alabama chief. Well, I better wear a save this for after the break because after the break
It's 793 right now. We don't have 800 votes after the break then Maddie Bell is gonna have wild sex with Greg Reed
This is Neil Rodger right on the earth. This is 5.62
I'm sitting in the corner
I'm cutting through my because
I'm a deep dumb opposition
Buy him from this account stores
And I don't know what value through it
Oh no, I've been too much
I bounced my check this month
There goes my credit rating
I thought I had more in my savings for
I'll save you
Yes, the topsy kind of me
It's the topsy kind of me
I'm saving nickels and quarters
You failed I'm cutting through my because I'm a big dumb obsession
Buy him from this account
If it's free, it's me. There you go. I'm kind of like a slow thing on it uptake. That's ancient by the way
Yeah, I noticed how it came back. Sure. It'll always come back. $65 gallon gas with a cost of 500 bucks to fill up your tank
I think it's appropriate now 811 man and it's still 14 till one we got a hell of it
We got a shot as Jimmy Johnson would say
That is heavy duty
Yeah, let's go to lunch if you're gonna buy a lot of love that one
That's what made me think of hockey season and your close personal friend who's gonna buy you lunch one of these days
Yeah, right when a straight check it's come back to town
He's gonna pay you on a shoulder say come on Georgie. Let's make a man's and let's go out to lunch men's amends
Your buying his wife can take me out. She's great. What is she?
Roy Moore announces run for governor
ousted Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore announces return to the political arena Monday declaring himself a Republican candidate for governor in 2006
Oh my god
I mean God is the operative word. This is a certifiable crazy person
Like that
More who is removed from office for refusing to obey a judge's order remove a 5300 pound tent commandment monument from a state building
Announce this candidacy before a cheering hometown crowd in the county where he first gained attention is the 10 commandments judge
He needed judge
We live in a crucial time in our history of time when our rights are being eroded
While the real problems in the state are often ignored more 58 be saying as our taxes continue to rise the education of our children continue to decline
More said and at a time when morality seems to be disappearing our courts are preoccupied with telling children
They can't pray and telling public officials. They can't acknowledge that God is the source of our
More said his campaign can be sent up with one theme return Alabama to the people for the people in a bit of political
Showmanship more assigned to post-issize contracts filling out his campaign platform
It criticized federal courts non-comrade lobbyist lawmakers and tax increases
He promised to protect Alabama from gambling immorality and same-sex marriage of course
He called for term limits for legislators. They probed on legislators holding other government jobs and let if
Legislative sessions every two years rather than annually like most people in this state
He said I feel safe when the legislature is out of session
How do you like that William Stewart a political scientist with the University of Alabama said more sparked memories of former governor
George Wallace because of his fiery rhetoric lambasting federal officials
Stewart said more like Wallace knew how to stir up a crowd with his issues even those there out of a governor's control
There you go
I could hold fire in vermicelli and baby like all these phony baloney is these Betty Hans and Jerry fall wells
And all these other screaming preachers on her to scream and Mimi's dimmy swaggered. I have seen I've seen yeah
Whatever happened to pause crotch by the way. I guess somebody got to it. I guess never heard no more about that
But they sure shut those people up real that guy fast
Almost as fast as the murder of and shut up by demeterio. How do you do that? Can't tell you
817 votes gaggle most people follow religion because I'm not going to read the result of the poll right now
817 we got like I said if we can get to 840 by the top of the hour
I'd say a thousand is within our grasp we can reach it we can grab it
We can reach right out there and grab the brass ring and that thing now
This is something that you're highly interested in because George aspires to get a lot of South Florida eventually
That is when when Maddie Tony is in two thirds of his salary and gives the other a third to Josh
Vancouver is the best city to live how you like that? Yeah, I've been hearing good things according to a new survey
There all these surveys all these studies all these organizations keeps people off the streets
You know everybody must must 11 11 what is it?
Most very love is what they are Jeff say Sam. I'm gonna even I'm I usually is getting back. Couldn't you be a little more Jewish?
It's interesting years ago the reason I say that is because years ago I'm W.
Just news there was an old bag called in the Steve cam and said Steve couldn't you be a little more Jewish
From what I'm hearing you couldn't be a little any less Jewish that he is now now
He's born again and he's adopting 18 dark-complexed kids and got all this phony body parts and seeing the life he has seen Jesus
Vancouver is the world's most desirable place to live according to this new survey while topple a new guinea's port more as be is at the other end of the scale
It's the pits. It's at the bottom. It's at the ass end. How do you like that?
Gee you're getting the Canadian city van koe verry nestled on the Pacific coast was one of four locations in that country to rank at the top of the economy
I can't I can't I promise intelligence units to live a building survey which look at conditions 127 cities
It's unfortunate because I don't I don't see the whole list in here which would be kind of interesting if we had the US
But I'll I'll get to it. We'll find it the other top ranking Canadian cities were in order Toronto. How's it going?
Calgary and Montreal well, I bet you there really leaves intensive. They we got that opening game that I got to go to the hockey game now
You don't have enough time to wait those 22 games in a conference
Minus the ranger is depending on both there you go see let's get hockey intensive. What do you say? No
Don't let me forget to keep reminding Hank not to do that hockey stuff all right when he told me he had Randy Moloron
I was like shades of uh, what's his name? I'll I wrote again don't do it Humper don't do it don't sell out the audience just for anybody
Australia also favor on the survey by the London based group with Melbourne perth Adelaide and Sydney
Scoring high marks along with Vienna Austria and Geneva and Zurich Switzerland
Schweitz the EU study assessed nearly 40 indicators and five broad categories stability health care culture and environment education and infrastructure
In the current global political climate. It's no surprise that the most desirable destinations are those who they
Lore perceived threat of terrorism said John Coups take enter the report
Joining point more is be at the bottom of the list were Algiers, Algeria, Dhaka, Bangladesh, Karachi, Pakistan and Lagos, Nigeria all ranked poorly
The EU said ten cities all in Asia Africa the Middle East had aspects of the elected present challenges like
Suicide buying things like that rampant poverty things like
By contrast the EU said 63 cities fell into the top of the building bracket
You've got to Google this for me. Would you are after the show not now?
Because tomorrow I want to talk about the rest of this
Uh, don't we have this on our website tonight you may list to you. I'm sure I did. I'm sure you did
Well, so we like to expand on this and then you can like fax it to me in the morning
Anyway, this reflects the fact that many global business centers have a developed infrastructure and widespread availability the report states
Still the overwhelming majority of cities in the top live-ability range are based in western Europe and North America
And here comes the piece of resistance baby here comes the frosting on the cake here comes the old
But on the road is whatever it is remember rosebud. Yeah, the reports at Canada would low crime little for reference stability or terrorism
And a highly developed infrastructure is the most livable destination in the world. Oh, right. You like that, huh?
Canada is the most livable destination in the world according to this study that is absolutely shocking
Okay, I'm ready to get up and salute it
Although higher crime rates integrated threat of tear-up put you as cities below those of Canada
You as cities are still among the world's most livable Cleveland and Pittsburgh had the highest merkins course
Oh, they're Cleveland and Pittsburgh
Holy Toledo rat man. Wow. What's on the American scores now? My interest really is peak
So you got to like find out more about this only three cities in eastern Europe fall into the bracket along with 13 cities from Asia the
U.I. said Cleveland and Pittsburgh the highest American scores. I've been Cleveland a very long time
I guess they've cleaned it up from what it was. I haven't been there in like 45 years. Who did that study?
The EIU Mr. the economist intelligence unit
They were looking for a unit and they found a good one
Candidate and anyway 30 days. So that's a look it up EIU
Actually, this this was a more was this from CNN story Vancouver best place to look you can google it
You can hop on it and do it or twist it around a little bit. Isn't that great?
And it's really gorgeous excited about that is because he wants to go like to you know, either like maybe Victoria or
Right bank Hoover up there in the great Northwest there are men and people smoke a big fat one
Nobody gives a crap and everybody has a good time right even those people in the Olympics remember that what the hell was that
We'll never think of his name, but he was the not Bob sled. What was his thing the the snowboarder not a snowboarder
the slay
Bob slay Bob slay which I what what is that Bob slide
See the way I slipped into that natural 826 and it's only 1255 and our goal is alive man
This is a shocker just when this audience when you least expect them to come true for you
Not only on Russia Shona second day, but also on Ramadan and this audience coming through
Ain't your heart out Joel fineberg you poser you phony you jackass you ferry
830 votes most people fall religion because of brainwashing 233 you know what you know what
One word for Joel fineberg. I had some words last week one word. Okay. Want to be
Want to be you're a wannabe Joel. We don't care if you got 87
Consilion dollars give it all of the dolphins. Okay, they can use it good all of the panties
Oh, that's right. We got the panthers because we got
Yoltean red deer Randy. I wonder how it isn't red deer of course having known him
It probably answers my question brainwashing 233 that's what gets these this religious of perpetuated crap
Fear of death 222 weakness need for a crutch 214 stupidity 52 wanting to belong to a club
47 like a common sense. What how many votes that's got
Yolte 17 and they really believe in fairy tales Solamente
Keensei. Oh very good on this funny world numbers this week, right? Yeah only 15
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour
The
I
Right!
God pleases free
Glory and rest free
O, come in Ever Saes Beth什す нуж to me
O, come in Ever Saes Beth什す нуж
No, it's one o'clock at 560 WQ I am 843 votes. It's in the audience's fine hands. It's in your hands
To see if we get to a thousand by two o'clock. I think that probably will be like on a front page of every newspaper in North America
No, you think oh yeah, maybe the time jico today a bullet none maybe this is on seventh line time you get you radio yet
More Hispanic women converting to Islam
You were there. See there you are
Truffle it's a sterren for empowerment. I don't get it
Who said anything about empowerment? Oh
Why then?
How about her read the article and then maybe you might learn some you're you something?
Let's do that. I'll do that way as Melissa Matoz why she converted to Islam see here you go and you're likely getting answer
That spans 13 centuries. She may refer to seven century Arabia
We're Muslims believe the prophet Muhammad received the Quran from the angel Gabriel. Oh, blow that horn Gabriel
Or she might describe his lines golden age in medieval Spain or shall be called September 11, 2001 when fearing curiosity
We're over to read about Islam on the internet
Matos who comes from a family of seven-day Adventists from library public at a minikana has answered the question countless times since converting to
Islam in April she now covers her hair
Praise five times today and today will observe Ramadan among the fasting prayer and reflection which began at sundown last night
Sometimes it does get a little difficult said matters of 20 year-old political science student at fiu
Who lives with appearance in Miramar a hotbed of Islamic influence
I feel alienated from my family my old friends, but Islam is so beautiful
It's worth it and with Ramadan. I'm just doing it by myself just me in God
Is that what the Virgin Mary was doing was just during God one it right though Hispanic women make up a small
Fractivation six million Muslim is those converted to Islam are exerting influence beyond their numbers teaching Spanish
Arabic classes forming Hispanic Muslim organizations and distributing in Quran in Espanyol
Oh my goodness
Matos for one time to organize a lecture series this semester at fiu and a religion's little known history in Latin American including two lectures
That'll be in Spanish she said in Espanyol
Spanjoli some of found support networks
Pa. The network of Muslim women that seeks to educate Spanish speaking communities about Islam has more than
344 members nationally 344
Wow, we can probably fit those people into a phone booth
Other groups like the latino-american dawa organization which was formed in 97 promote the legacy of Islam in Spain and Latin America
It's a movement that is growing especially in urban areas said manual vazquez
I profess a religion at the University of Florida. It's part of the cross fertilization that's occurring among immigrant groups
There are some 40,000 Hispanic Muslims in the US equivalent to spokesman for the Islamic Society North America
The largest populations are in New York, Texas, LA, Chicago and Miami American Muslim organizations say
Jamila Ali
26 they came on Muslim seven years ago after she dreamed she was praying in a mosque filled with light
Her mother who's from Peru had converted to Islam seven years before now her brother 22 and sister 20
What have converted? I wonder if they're nailing chickens on the front door. Oh, that's the wrong religion
That is there you feel a much closer connection to God said Ali who lives in Pembroke pines and teaches you other
Hispanic Muslim women to read and write Arabic
Uh-oh you give up everything of your old lifestyle you're old clothing and not going to clubs
You're not drinking and you're certainly not smoking and you're not drinking like the president
Islam's growth among Hispanic women may result from the broader Muslim outreach following the non-loban attacks at Ayesha Musa and assistant professor religion
If I knew
Sofian Abdel Aziz
Well, I'm doing good on these names today. Sofian Abdel Aziz directly the American Muslim Association of North American Miami
Said his group often gets requests for the Quran in Spanish in the last several years
They've given away more than 5,000
Spanish translations of the Quran to South Florida mosques and prisons
Covert or converts and muslim leaders are quick to know them muslimers have Hebrew and Christian scriptures revelation
But maintain that the prophet Muhammad provided a complete word of God. I thought that was Joseph Smith
I thought he took said take two of those tablets and call me in the morning in Palmyra in New York, didn't it?
Plop plop this is with that El Mairah. It was Palmyra. Are you idiot?
You think these people are the difference between El Mairah and Palmyra? I don't
Well, there you go. Look it up on a map
Muslims follow the Quran the Holy book revealed the biotumohamid islam's five central tenants include
professing faith in God and his prophet Muhammad performing daily prayers
They're rocking they're rocking their doveting on those Shmatis man. They're going nuts
Shoyne charity
Fasting during Ramadan and making a hodge or pilgrimage to mech islam's holy city in Saudi Arabia
Oh Saudi Arabia
Wouldn't it be nice if we get arranged for them not to be able to go there because Saudi Arabia wouldn't be there no more
Wouldn't that be nice just to be just a long cube so we can get all that oil
Islam spread rapidly after Muhammad's death in the seven century today is one of the fastest
religions in North America scholars say his panic converts in the urban areas say it because
become easy to find like mind to communities
It's so great to meet other Latin people because we all know each other's background said
Fatima Navarez whose 30
converted in 2002 and now studies Arabic with two other Hispanic women on the weekends
But convincing families that conversion the way to go hasn't always been easy
They think I've rejected my way to salvation because I don't believe Jesus Christ is the son of God
Madrasena of her parents who are seven-day Adventists. Oh, what a seven-day Adventist believe it. I'm going to eat meat
You don't think the ones that have all that funky like bokeh burgers and stuff
They're they're kind of fundamentalist, but they they stress the the shavis, you know
Saturday is the Sabbath and other things they shop Bible very literally. Yeah, so don't they also eat vegetarian?
Nothing. I know of get out of here. They make all I think it's a seven-day Adventist and he go to the supermarket
They have a special case when they have all those fully hot dogs and sausages
You know made from a vegetable stock had a seven-day Adventist girlfriend for years. We want to stake houses
So no wonder no wonder you're both going to hell. Yeah, Jesus Christ. Maybe I got them confused with I'm pretty sure
Look it up. Look it up in the seven-day Adventist book. Oh, I got it right here
Roama Ashni like I said I can't do these names
Kenar was raised by Roman Catholic appearance human exiles who settled in Miami 59
Kenar 52 considered becoming a nun before just like Whitney on passions before converting the Islam at age 22
Her parents devout Catholics didn't want the grandchildren to be raised Muslim if she said it was very hard to know that my own mother
Didn't respect my beliefs said Kenar who were their husband raised their three children as Muslims. Oh, you've paid
But others have found support from their families now and our Narees who lives with their grandparents in Davi
Oh my god muslim is in Davi what the world is coming to an end
It was a word that they would understand who knew dietary practices
Because Islam forbids pork and meat that isn't halal or slaughtered according to Islamic law
With Puerto Ricans there's pork and everything. Oh, if I got a line for that, but I'm not gonna use it
Joyce I know it with Puerto Ricans there's pork and everything's in our hands who works in marketing
But they accommodate all my shoes and cook halal for me. No pork. Oh, and by the way, what next time you order up a
Poison which no a cheesy a brow works for Gary Sarner
Don't put the cheese on her because it's true. Well, I know I'm at pork. Holy kosher cheese
Ali says he've been out aspect of Hispanic culture that conflict with their beliefs like cooking with wine or eating pork
But she still marks Christmas with their proving family and cooks South American dishes Islam is a way of life
But you don't suddenly have to start listening to Arabic music
She said we still keep our heritage. We're still listening to see that cruise
And Luis Miguel. Oh, whatever she's I don't think she mentioned see that cruise we hope
So honey like that more Hispanic women are moving to
better than the me mm-hmm my mama
Yeah, that's the question is that which is better still being Catholics and reproducing like rabbits all of the
Muslims reproduced like crazy too. I noticed
Which is why more than 50% of the population in Saudi Arabia is under the age of 15
So they got like a major explosion over there. What the hell are those right heads gonna be?
Yeah, we can only create vibe by Saudi Arabia. I can hear that bit right now man. Oh God
The bush crooks and the Saudi crooks man a match made in purgatory. Can you say the Carlisle group?
Can you say bush one? Can you say James Baker the turd who's representing his Saudi clients?
The families the mid-Ladins and the other families of the 9-11 and
Terrorist the suicide attackers James Baker the turd
Piece of crack 861 votes. What do you think we got the 51 minutes? I don't know
The verdict is out because you people are slacked off will be slowed down
We 130 non votes by two o'clock and I
What do you think?
Ah, whatever if you would have been on it. Yes, call if any can see what the odds are get the morning line
Don't forget about those cities
I want to get a whole lot of thing on it. I'm just a preliminary because I did a search in the the
The source of that study wants money for any report that you get from them. Yeah, I'm here. So I'm looking you know elsewhere
But so far no no money my ass
This is getting to be a real visit in there on the internet
All these people want to get paid to read this or somebody. It's a one you pay to look at their website
Are you sure? Oh, that's what I heard that's the room we're going around in the biz
10 minutes after one and five sixty-one you Q and we got the mole myster the one
Moe Howard David
Jim Manus in the bank Atlantic Center in preparation for nights big opening game for the panthers four to six thirty
Six thirty its panther preview and then it's seven attendance the Atlanta trashers at the Florida panthers
Atlanta trashers and I'll have
Marian Hosa always be where a guy named Marian. I always heard you that whether it was John Wayne or Marian
Motley and then of course in camp on his motley game and correct for the hockey game
This is she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
Oh
right
Hey
oh
I
I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a
diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a diamond, I'm a
Oh, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye.
Oh, bye, bye.
And then at the end of the day.
That's absolutely.
You know, these people are like,
we're having a shopping for religions, you know.
Like Bob Dylan was doing there.
And the Beatles were doing there for a while.
I'm shopping for a new guru
and we were living in...
since he's worried that I never play.
That's right.
This is out of the sight of from Tony Van Records.
Fighting you American into the latest Kat Stevens collection.
You know my heart is right.
I'll take your head on your body.
Got a Mercedes with the real sharp blade.
I wish I had an American house pitch.
Make those in that of a...
I was so including this classic.
I was on the airplane and suddenly with DJs
their mac is I can burn
and wear a towel on my head.
Oh! I don't know that!
I'm being followed by an X-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb. That's your fault.
You wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin and a red.
If you want a detainee.
I got a variation of a classic.
I ask myself every day
which American should pay.
Tell me, do what you promise later.
I'm going to show you the problem.
I'm going to make a moment.
She let her veil and explore her sense.
Oh my god.
Dubai Newcastle even's collection today for 1995.
All you can play with Visa, Mastercard or weapons of Mastery's Roger.
Oh, man!
I'll tell you one thing. The votes are pouring in by the ones now.
888, that's not so great.
Because we need to get to 900 by the next break.
Or else.
We'll have a shot at our 1000 today.
Yeah, it kind of slowed down.
Probably because they wanted to hear that bit, which I don't blame them.
I love that Arabic,
A.K.A. Indian.
Yeah, it's a beautiful thing.
888, that's not so great.
It won't be late.
Because then we'll be up a creek without a panel.
Kind of like in deliverance.
Kind of like the beesleaves.
Yeah, so let's go shopping for religion.
What would be the fashionable religion to do as you are?
You know, let's go find something to believe in.
Something that would a lot of chachkis and a lot of ritual and all kinds of crap.
What has the most casual sex with strangers?
Oh, I don't know. I think atheists.
So well done.
And Catholics.
Son and a bomb mother buried together.
Oh, this is great.
From Hyderabad, India.
See that? See this right away there from one Indian to another.
A man who kept the bomb body of his mother at home in a glass casket for 21 years
was buried along with her after his death at the relative city of yesterday in India.
India.
Hundreds of residents on Sunday attended the burials of Sayyed.
Abdul Gafur, 69.
And his mother read a mosque in Sinivada, a town of 300 miles south of Hyderabad,
the capital of Andhra Pradesh state.
Oh, these Indian names, man, they get me.
Almost as much as the Indian food and the curry.
Ooh, I don't mind kid curry. He's okay, but that curry.
Do you know anybody who likes curry?
I don't know anybody who's had curry.
I don't know anybody who's had curry.
I don't know. I'm a squeaky-ed kid curry.
How often? A lot.
I eat curry sauce.
Ooh, failed.
We got what?
Curry sauce?
Sound what?
I'm like chicken and rice or something?
Chicken and rice?
You ever been in chicken kitchen?
Are you going to start again with a damn chicken kitchen?
Are you going to start with that again?
900 votes.
I told you before the next breakfast we'd have our 900.
Now we work on that last hundred.
You see?
Chicken kitchen, my ass.
I fulfilled the last wish of my uncle.
He had told us that his mother's body should be buried only after his death.
And his nephew, Siaid Nour.
Gafur, not Nour, but Gafur, who taught English literature at a college in the...
Some of this may not come through with these names in the 80s.
The voice is wife after six months of marriage because she had a fight with his mother, Nour said.
When the mother died, he brought the embomb body to his home and kept it in a glass casket.
He put the body in the casket.
He was so eccentric that he wouldn't allow anybody else to even look at the glass casket, Nour said.
Gafur consulted his mother even after her death.
Before doing anything important, Gafur would write yes and no on two pieces of paper.
Then sitting at the feet of the mother's body, he would select one piece of paper without looking at what it said and act accordingly.
Nour said.
He would govern himself accordingly.
Local official M. Prob Car Ready said, I wonder if he's keen to hell and ready.
Said residents and relatives complained about him keeping the embomb body at home, but Gafur was adamant he would not let it go.
He got let Mamago, okay?
I know some guys like that.
Oh, they won't let Mamago.
900 votes on the pool. We got a shot.
40 minutes and 100 votes.
It's like, it's doable. 905.
What do you think?
It's doable.
How are Batman? I said they're going to do it. They're going to come through for us today.
Put us on the map.
Spoke can.
What are you talking about?
Oceano, Josh was talking about before.
Not Spoke can.
I'm the one that's obsessed with Spoke can.
Well, Josh is going to see an all.
How do you like that?
See who?
Never been to Washington State.
Sorry. It's a nice place.
Washington, well not too far from Vancouver.
That's right.
Washington School's bands have explicit dances.
Central Valley High School has become the latest Spoke can area school to ban informal dances known as mixers because of sexually explicit dance in called freaking.
There was freaking kids, man.
Is that anything like crampin?
Like crampin?
Yeah.
Yes, like crampin without the M.
The style involves grinding and gyrating against the dance partner.
Several people at once and one school administrator said it looks like having sex with your clothes on.
Oh, no.
I think part of the issue is that the students don't know how to dance.
The type of music that's being played now.
Central Valley Principal Mike Hiddleston.
It's what they see on MTV and in the clubs and Scott and the play where it is just in appropriate is what he said in appropriate.
Well, who else he did decide what's inappropriate?
He says they don't know how to dance to that music.
Maybe he needs to teach him.
That's right.
You'll be teaching a man.
Those are moves, Prince.
Prior to a city of Hawkins dance kids will probably let's see him bus to move.
Oh, sorry.
Are you sure?
Prior to a city of Hawkins dance kids in fructober 29 teaches will offer dance classes to students who want to learn another way to dance.
Like with their clothes off.
Yeah, that's a solved the problem.
Let's just have them all take their clothes off.
Perhaps another formal date dances are still allowed at greater Spokane League schools, but informal mixers are banned and most.
Those informal mixers, man, got to know what they're mixing.
After a stat turn on the lights because some students were dancing inappropriately to recent dance,
now it's Spokane high school student leaders vowed to do away with mixers.
Our student leadership looked at it and just said that's not more about advice, principles, and principles said.
We will still try to create opportunities for students to come together and celebrate.
Oh, do I have a line for that?
But we just wanted to be in an appropriate or positive manner.
Sorry, Joyce.
Beatles.
Shadled Park, Ferris and Lewis, Ferris and Lewis and Clark High Schools all banned mixers.
Mixers.
Oh, what about this?
This is what we're worrying about.
We've got all these people dying in Iraq.
We've got hurricanes, global warming, they polarize, caps are melting.
People are starving to death.
The cat has 80 bucks a gallon and worried about kids dancing inappropriately.
That's America for you, baby.
And God forbid that somebody might have a pin to it in their ass trade.
That's America, man.
It's just, you know, like that article we had in last week on the website, I hate America what it is now.
Not what it used to be, but what it is now.
Oh, how sad.
Oh, Lindsey Lohan.
We better get that on right away.
Oh, yeah, that's important.
That's big stuff, man.
Lindsey Lohan and two other people were taking him to a hospital too.
They have to be active.
Black Mercedes convertible collider with the van in West Hollywood, California, if you already said.
Witnesses said Lohan was trying to avoid paparazzi fatara.
This sounds like Diana.
It does, but she walked away.
Well, couldn't we like switch it all around?
Not that I would be talking about Diana.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess, I work begging please paparazzi is coming out for you.
You're gonna crash into a wall.
No more rich guys for you.
Let's tear up this.
Princess, I is gone.
Oh, Princess, I...
Princess, I is gone.
She's really gone.
We're into a tunnel.
Hello, wall.
See you in a Mercedes, no less.
Although Diana was not a convertible.
We'll get back to Diana.
Lohan and a few more passenger in a car suffered minor injuries.
L.A. County Sheriff's Sergeant Diana Hecht, the driver of the van, which was knocked into a park vehicle suffered moderate injuries.
The identities of Lohan's passenger and the male driver of the van were not immediately released.
The accident was witnessed by a number of people in the city reported for the syndicate TV show The Insider.
All inside of the reporter Victoria Mercano told the APC saw Lohan and a passenger run into an antique store immediately after the collision.
Tavia Ramirez, who works at the store, said he recognized Lohan.
She was very upset Ramirez told the AP.
She kept saying, oh my god, oh my god.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
I can't believe it, she said.
Oh my god.
Ramirez said Lohan and her passenger left after a few minutes and all the both were shaken up.
Neither appeared badly heard.
Television news footage showed a badly damaged black Mercedes outside the store with both its driver and passenger side airbags inflated.
How do you like that?
The sheriff's department said the driver of the van appeared to be turning in front of Lohan's car when the vehicle was collided.
There was no evidence that booze was involved in the crash, but who the hell knows?
And who the hell cares, right?
Why did I even waste my time with that?
Anybody care about that?
What is that?
Look at that.
I just reached over to do something and it's just automatically fired up.
I think it must be an honor of Ramadan.
What it can...
Okay.
What do we got on there?
We got about a half hour, a little over half hour, 928.
That's kind of great.
We need 72 votes in 34 minutes.
It says that this is a little over two a minute.
Like, how many seconds?
About 30 seconds.
If we can't do that, we might as well shut this damn station down.
Just shut it off.
I don't want to let count my chickens before they hatch, but have we gotten through the entire day so far with an audio vault malfunction at the junction?
Yeah, we have.
So in other words, they thickest it, huh?
It looks that way.
Well, I'll be there.
Nice going, Air Corps.
You're quizzling.
You're fairy.
27 after 1, QA.
If you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that's fast, reliable, easy to use.
In short, you want the best.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in the USA.
Comcast, high speed internet.
It's 100% fewer broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than DSO light.
You can download music, photo, streaming video, online games faster than you ever could be for.
Simply put, Comcast, high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around it with features like the fan, video, email, security manager, and radio plus.
It's even more intense than ever before.
And right now you can get yourself Comcast, high speed internet for just 9.95 a month for the first two months.
So-called 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service in the entire country today.
Service missions and fly call for details.
It's a free call 1-800 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
And-
The winner doesn't whistle.
Well, congratulations, get alive.
It's a moment.
Oh!
Right, I think when you're doing the wait, you'll be easy.
Oh, yeah, the way you saw it.
It's amazing, that's all, man.
You think they enjoyed your answers?
No, no, the toys that the door is in the door, the door is in the door.
It's not only.
I think you'll be easy with it when you're done with the door, you'll be easy with it.
And it's not only, I think the door is in the door, you'll be easy with it.
It's a pain of death when I use my bones to hide.
I was like with my bones to touch it.
Wow!
The game is not over.
Please take me out, you know, you.
The top is a toy toy.
The game is not over.
The game is not over.
The game is not over.
The game is not over.
The door is in the door, the door is in the door.
The door is in the door, the door is in the door.
The door is in the door, the door is in the door.
The game is not over.
I am a toy toy toy toy toy.
The game is not over.
What is the toy toy toy?
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I've never said this to the door.
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no
948, man, I think we're going to do it. We've got 28 minutes, we need 52 votes. Oh,
peaks less than two votes a minute. We could have phoned me up that many. For once in my life,
I was right. That's what Stevie Wonder said me too. Facts here, it says, from a recovering
brainwashed fan. Yeah, get rid of that religious graph. Okay, it makes no sense. It's a
bunch of lies and stuff. We'll waste a new time with it. Put your energy into something
constructive and, you know, like entertaining, like getting laid. Here's the fact that
it says, Neil, you're correct about 7th day Adventists. We are the folks famous for their
veggie meat and the whole vegetarian movement. Like Judaism, we have different levels that
can be considered Orthodox, moderate, etc. The Orthodox 7th day of Adventist adhere to
the vegetarian diet while the moderate ones like George's old girlfriend eat meat but
no pork. Wow, do I have a line? But moving right along, seafood and other animals that
don't meet the Bible. Hashtag would have to do with the hoof and the animal, it's got
to do with that. Colvin hoof, right? Right? I don't even know what that means. What animal
has a Clovin hoof? Like a pig's? Correct. Can't eat no pork. No. Oh, I bet it. No
brown wars today, huh? That's right. You need to watch today. You're going to hell. Yeah,
we're really all in vain. Has an FYI on a cheese or he whoever this is has a thing here
about a crazy person, Dr. John Kellogg, founder of Kellogg's cereals. You know, he was a crazy
person. Yes, I do. He was a 7th day Adventist and besides his involvement with the whole healthy
food movement, he was obsessed with the digestive system and animals. He was also obsessed
with making sure that people didn't touch themselves because I want to say the M word.
And as a result, that's what he invented breakfast theory originally for. Cornflakes, Kellogg's
cornflakes. In history was, if you ate enough of that, you wouldn't touch the, you know,
no, I tried that and it's just not the same. Oh, damn it. And he was also obsessed with
animals. So I guess, you know, there's the dilemma for you. Would you rather touch yourself
or have a good blueberry animal or maybe you could do both? Right. Don't make me choose.
Hence, orthodox 7th day Adventists are strong proponents of the whole colonic movement.
Oh, God. Oh, can we say a colonic movement? I think. As part of a healthy,
dance-like lifestyle, remember who was also involved in a very obsessed with, with the
colonics? Your mom? No. I wanted it. JC. I never had that discussion. Yeah. Yes, you did.
I, I, from W.I.O.D. it was JC. He was always talking about joining in colonics. That's
not always talked about. He wanted to move in everybody's house. And of course, who wants
somebody living in their house? It's always got a cute fuck up his butt. Hopefully they're
not doing it there at the house. Oh, geez. 955. I'd rather talk to chronics than have
a colonic. 955. We got 45 in a piece of cake, man. We'll do it. We'll slide into it, you
know? Just like hitting that ground bar on the right side and move the runner along.
So you can go back to the racer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Historic toilet to cost $24,000. Brownsville, Texas. A multimillion dollar restoration product.
And the sea, this is right in line with the S m. T. A bettis, who are into high colonics.
A multimillion dollar restoration project will expand $24,000 to be constructed historic
toilet, not just any old toilet, but a historic toilet on the first floor of a 1912 courthouse
authority said probably all of his famous is the toilet and artsy bunkers house upstairs.
Cameron County commissioners voted yesterday to allocate the money for the rest room, the
T room, which they constructed its original location style. The room was removed during
your previous renovation. It was in sliced in an elevator. Renovation began in 1994
in the building, which is a historical site overseen by the Texas Historical Commission.
The commission gave the county a 3.1 million dollar grant for renovations and all construction
must comply with specifications said forward by the group. The $24,000 of pay for a toilet,
fixtures, plumbing, plaster and mosaic tile that are truly original style of the 1912 laboratory
the Brownsville hero reported in today's editions. Moisea, this is Jack Moisea. The
project is about 80% complete and should be completed by March. Well, there you go. Brownsville
Texas is going to have a expensive 24 grand tourlet in Brownsville. Now, why are you
playing too much by Elvis? That's what it was. Oh, it was the flush song, but it's not
what I was going for. Oh, well, don't we just have the flush? I can't. I was going to.
I'm seeing. How come I don't have that? It's under toilet. Oh, it's under turlan.
I'm going to. I think we all got sucked on the old rain that time. What's your feet?
Feels like we're all going into long. Cube. 961 and it can be done. I will be done. Oh,
your fed-ass governor by the way. What a liar. Lier. Not just as he doing his bidding
for Disney now peddling this book because Disney and all these other people give him a
lot of money, the Republicans. And not only is he trying to do everything to subvert with
his devious plans, the class size amendment, but he's very popular. Governor, fat ass governor
Jeb Bush said yesterday he supports federal legislation allowing drilling in the eastern
Gulf of Mexico. The areas where he aggressively fought energy exploration just four years
ago. Lier, liar. Your fat ass is on fire, Jeb. You phony. And by the way, how's your kid
doing? What's wrong? Oh, I'm thinking about the drunk and son. How's
you doing? Anyway, Bush cited new political realities and protections he thinks could win
for the state in exchange. Environmentalist Democrats in Republic of New West Senator
Mel Martinez, a Florida staunchly opposed the bill, which would allow oil and gas drilling
125 miles from Florida controlled waters. They continue to insist that a strong political
front in Florida can stop all new drilling in the eastern Gulf. Sure, they do. Bush said
you're writing their position, but that's great. I've talked to the furry godmother about
it. He is a fed-ass sarcastic lying saccharquat. Birds of a feather from the same flock
stuck together. Not too long ago, the governor joined the same critics and opposing oil and
grass drilling, even beyond the grass drilling, even beyond 125 mile mark. In 2001, he strongly
lobbied his brother, El Presidentate, to significantly scale back drilling in an energy
rich area called Lee's sale 181, which sits more than 200 miles west of Tampa. As a result,
there will be no new drilling in Lee's sale 181 area off the coast of Florida under my
watch. Governor Bush proudly stated in news release July 6, 2001. But the current legislation
that the governor is helping to shape would allow drilling in Lee's sale 181, which is
currently off the midst of oil and gas exploration until 2007. One portion of that area called
the stovepipe because of its shape juxtaped within 23 miles of Pensacola. But drilling
is prohibited in the region until 2012 as part of an earlier deal struck by Martinez and
the Bush administration. When asked about the previous position, his previous position
favoring a ban on larger swath of the Gulf, your fan asked Governor Rutesty, oh my, I
hate it. That's how politicians act, he said, or we could try to establish a long term
protection of our coastline. And I've opted to be engaged and try to protect Florida's
coastline rather than to be politically correct. You fat ass, you feral guy, do I hate
him? I think I despise him even more than his brother. My brother's going to excuse
he's just so damn dumb. That's the excuse for being that evil. No, that's true. But this
one, he's evil and not quite so white. That is dangerous. He's more like Michael. Where
he was more like Frankie Pentangely, small potatoes. 970 votes. Is there any doubt that we're
going to do it? No, ice going, Josh. I know. 140, 20, 20, 2, a QA. And my friends and
dollar mattress have an unbelievable, un-failable offer for you. Now when you call 1-800
mattress, you can get a free tank of gas. Take the full amount of any gas received off your
nice mattress. Up to 10% of your purchase, if you spend 50 bucks at the pump, take 50 bucks
off any purchase of 500 bucks or more. And you'll save more gas by skipping those phony sales
this Columbus Day weekend. You won't be sloughing around over town, burning up expensive gas.
If department stores or other so-called mattress stores double the price, then say, hey, we're
going to give you 50% off. What kind of a sale? What kind of a deal is that? Make believe,
Erizat's phony baloney. So-called 1-800 mattress, and sushi in the complete line of the top names
in a business. Seely, and Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Tempropédic, and Stern's and Foster,
Hewitt. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose the date and time you'll be delivered.
Just pick the date of week within two or a window, seven days a week from eight in the morning,
until 10 at night, even Columbus Day, and they show up on time, 99.7% of the time.
Forget about wasting time and money, driving all over town and shopping from mattress.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. I've been doing it for years, and most of the QA
MRS are doing the same. Just sit there on your fat pimpley ass and make one easy call. 1-800 mattress,
or log on to their website mattress.com. And don't forget to portion of every purchase,
go through Hurricane Katrina Relief, call dial mattress toll free 1-800-MATTRES, leave off the
last one, because it stands for STU-PENDER SAVING. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69A.
Oh, right.
Well, he's a dollar happy, Nazi. Oh, we've got this money from his daddy.
Here. Oh, and if I sent my little bratty,
or with the deceptive bratty, or with the deceptive bratty,
well, he's a dollar happy, Nazi. No, but they are fill-A.
Oh, we've got this money from his daddy.
Well, he's a president, he'll start. Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win. He might as well just move right in.
Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard.
He has a golden spoon. He was born with up his eyes. So look out, all you do.
Get ready for the dad. He's a dollar happy, Nazi.
Oh, he'll give our chivalry so happy. Oh, I think the dollar happy, Nazi.
Love of L.A.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very, very fast spews.
Who never paid his dues? I'd next year we'll all be screwing hard.
Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard.
Any smart dude win that race against Buddy McCay? Why do you think they call it Gubber?
Victoria, anyway, he's a dollar happy, Nazi.
Oh, he'll make the cake, they can't have this.
Oh, yeah, he's a dollar happy, Nazi. No, but they're fill-A.
Let's go, let's do step. Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let's do step.
He is despicable.
Anyway, it's not 145.
What do we, I'm just looking at that pool to see if we're going to make it.
I want to be sure, 990, oh yeah.
Oh, yeah. For the first time in 33 years, you know, today reminds me of,
I like to take some fantastic, assimilating calls, a few of them, five or six.
This reminds me of the seven months of when I was doing all that crap and not taking any calls.
The only difference being that today it's all meat.
Right. The seven day advantage wouldn't like it because it's all meat.
But you almost say it. I say.
No, what? Cause back in the day before I had perfected this whole,
whatever it is I'm doing now, down to a science.
I was reading just a lot of stuff just to go time and but anyway, I had a pile,
have one of the ceiling. But now it's just a heavy duty crap, man.
So I'm very heavy, heavy duty.
For the first time in 33 years, counters used by, and did I talk about this yesterday?
The fact we can't even agree on what they is new years day.
How is the world going to get along when we can't even agree on something as basic as that?
See what I'm, I'll be saying?
We better kill everybody that disagrees.
There you go. You don't like my new year?
But I'm things, especially in Florida.
For the first time in 33 years, counters used by Jews and Muslims have coincided
to mark the beginning of the Holy Season's Russia, Shona, and Ramadan within hours of each other.
Sounds like a occasion for a fight.
There you go.
Hey, let's kill some people.
You get your oozees and they'll get their rocks.
Russia, Shona, which began its sundown Monday, marks the beginning of not only Tisserie,
the seventh calendar month, but the new year, 5766.
Remember that sound by Zagre Nevens in the year 5766?
Yes.
And the beginning of the 10-day high holy days, a time for celebration, as well as the Atonement of the Sims next week on Yom Kippur.
Oi, the holiday will continue that is the Russia Shona till sundown the night.
And then you can go out and act crazy, go to a hockey game.
Meanwhile, Muslims look skyward Monday night for the coming of a new moon.
Now, I bet you didn't know it.
The kind of moon that comes up when the Muslims look up in the sky every day.
I did that.
That's right.
If the moon comes up, well, let's see, new moon is assigned at Ramadan, the ninth lunar month of the year is begun.
If the moon comes out, American Muslims will join as many as the Indian Muslims will worldwide,
who recently began a month of fasting during daylight hours and affirmed their fate through moral and spiritual purification and a lot of rock-in-and-duffling on those magic carpets.
Both major religions, it makes me weak thinking about it.
Well, what is that?
How can you get people to do these things?
You kill them if they don't.
I think we need to put that on the pool before we leave today.
Most people are sheep.
All right.
Does that sum it up?
Sure.
How can you convince people to do such?
And of course, you having been involved in that whole board again thing there for about five minutes?
Yeah.
You know.
I do know.
I can tell you exactly why.
Okay.
And the short story is I went from a very bad situation to a situation where I had food and people who at least, you know, in some cases did love me and in others were just pretending to.
I didn't realize that the whole town and practically the whole state was full of nice people.
I thought it was just the church so I wanted to become a part of what was going on there.
And I was 13.
How sad.
Yeah.
But then I woke up.
I woke up before it.
I loved it.
I wanted another fair and fair.
And the religion is just like all the cults they've done.
Exactly.
They give you food and they say, hey.
Jesus loves you.
He does.
Yeah.
You want to be part of this love fest, don't you?
And I was like, yeah, I should have won.
2003 votes.
Oh!
Was there ever any dud?
This audience, man.
There's something going on.
You can smell that, Joel.
Anyway, both major religions use their own lunar calendar.
That's why they keep killing each other.
They're a loony calendar.
To determine on which days holidays will fall.
Generally, they're major holidays.
Of course, which days, their opponents will fall.
Generally, they're major holidays.
Fall within weeks or months or one or another until this year that is.
Now, why does it say of one another?
Shouldn't it say of each other?
It should.
This is the Lodai California News.
Well, shame on you people in Lodai.
Until this year that is, it's a cosmic coincidence that Rabbi Raphael Pazzo,
who lives in Lodai, California, and is a volunteer chaplain for the Lodai Police Department,
Rabbi Raphael Pazzo.
Pazzo.
Oh, I know where you're ready to stick Pazzo?
Yes.
It's like prep age.
He must be the ointment, the flying the ointment.
Pazzo said this, you've plans to observe Russia's shown in accordance with his own faith,
and later share a Ramadan dinner with some Muslim neighbors who live nearby.
So, I don't know anything about that.
And of course, here you wouldn't believe the number of restaurants here.
They can all this halal and what a falafel.
And all that other stuff.
Right.
Josh probably would like a lot of chicken and rice I think, isn't it?
I don't know.
That's how it's billow rightly.
He knows about falafel.
What's the name of that chicken?
What?
Josh?
Chicken kitchen.
Chicken.
Chicken kitchens is very good, actually.
Really?
They have talked about that back to where I'm roasted right today.
Right.
They have chicken, but they make it a whole bunch of different ways.
You know, they chop it up and put it on whatever you want, and then put whatever you want on it.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, like for example, if you want curry sauce, they'll pour some on there for you.
I don't want you pour curry sauce on anything.
Oh.
Chicken yellow rice, little curry sauce, and tell me.
I get it with the salsa and the, you know, I get it with the matsu balls underneath it.
I'll bet.
And grubinous.
Yeah, well grubinous, man.
Before I die again, I must have grubinous.
In fact, that's probably what will put me over my edge.
Oh, fix it up for you.
Man, you're talking about a lump in your poop.
Pazzo said Russia has shown us the time for people to come together and reflect on the passing of the year.
It's a joyous occasion featuring feasting where people eat apples and honey to remind themselves of sweet things they hope will come in the new year.
Apples and honey, all my life, I never heard of such a thing.
Get the honey, June, yeah.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
And that's his name too, Pazzo, Raphael Pazzo, Jr.
It's a joyous occasion featuring feasting, and they remind themselves of the sweet things they hope will come in the year by eating apples and honey.
The new year is also recognized by the blowing of the chauffeur Ramzhorn.
Did we ever find that sound?
I never did.
Like that.
It's a very joyous occasion.
He said the beginning of the new year, reflection forgiveness and contrition.
While Jewish congregants celebrate the holiday with feasting Muslims have begun a month long period of daylight fasting.
The act makes people think about the suffering of others, especially the ones that they're bombing and killing, compared to the blessings they've themselves have been given.
Ramadan is as there it is.
Yeah, survivor Ra'it's shock.
Ramadan is a special occasion because of the month in which the caran was that survivor Brooklyn.
In the month in which Koran was revealed to the people of Islam.
Taslim Ali, a teacher at Henderson Community Day School, said she looks forward to the month of Ramadan because it gives her a chance to look back at the important things in life.
Like rocking back and forth on that magic carpet.
When the sun goes down during Ramadan, many families break their fast food, the elaborate and joyous meals.
By then everything tastes sweeter.
By the end of the day when the sun goes down, you can't believe how much you appreciate water, she said.
How do you like that?
Throughout the month, it will be held at the Lodai Muslim mosque in Papua and Papua street in Lodai, California, in this area, in the local paper there.
Because Ramadan is a time for people coming together, the mosque welcomes people who would like to join in celebration, for your service.
So anybody can go in there and get down on your hands and ease and rock back and forth.
Just don't get your head do close to the...
Rectome in front of you.
That's my best advice.
Do the Muslims make you wear a doily like the Jews do when you go to temple?
I don't know.
I know somebody could use a good doily.
150-3560 W.A.M.
A good...
For years I've been telling you about dry concepts, the best carpet cleaning company around.
Did you know that not only can they do a fantastic job under your carpeting, which I've done in my home for over 20 years now.
They are absolutely the best.
But dry concepts can also save you hundreds, maybe thousands of dollars by doing other sensational cleaning things for you.
Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a post-reliather furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, petal or treatments and water damage too.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts for professional staff is always coming up in the most advanced cleaning systems to do the best job for you.
And during this month, during the month of October, be sure and take advantage of dry concepts, summer system number two package and water damage special highly recommended by Troy Stratford, by the way.
Dry concepts from carpet cleaning to tile and grout cleaning the only place you're brought to think about calling.
No rip offs, no scams, no BS, or written guaranteed price every time you put a start to work.
And then an unparalleled spectacular job every time.
And they brought into the Palm Beaches called dry concepts tool 3 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web at strike Concepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-Q-A-1.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
little mild you got to go home, please stop that on the bio but you sure put you
It went into sick, cherry shallow.
Son of a bush is a foot in your touche now saved by yo'
That's how Georgeic wild people drown, you played around, a relaxing golf ball
And he was on vacation, I already used another cup of tea that's ever been known
Oops, anyone can't do even prepare for the worst scenario
You were the one busy having fun and bashing no no
You'll invest a gauge at a later date, that's real bullshit
So I think it's interesting, once that ducks you get locked up so it don't continue
But no one will get blamed like with age and blame no hands will roll
And as for this, if you slap on a wrist and no a jargist file, what a surprise
Since you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new mess so nobody
A new death toll slip into polls that's no problem, oh, if that's it, your spin machine will deal with new world
Means, cause that's their job, oh, as per usual son of a bush is a foot in your touche, you already told
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no blame no
I'm a problem solver, you made it obvious that these in those girls you have no shame, oh shame, what's that?
And what's with that smirked you stupid jerk when people have died old
Son of a bitch you should be impeached and we mean pronto
Tell Noah's all a favor and get the fuck out, you're here, get out of here
Oh, W.A.
I'll be out of this course of the week and I'll bend it, it's for care right
Pick that thing baby, we don't care but oh no, just keep picking it
Most people thought a religion because of brainwashing 294, fear of death 261, weakness need for a crutch 257
Stupidity, 65, wanting to volunteer club 53 like a common sense 39
They really believe in fairy tales 26, you fairy, you old 25 and most people are sheep too
And then of course they're those who like it, bye bye bye
