Dodo do do do
And then bow is on for Howard David today following the near Rogers program boy. Oh boy. What what you started with that
Dodo do do do do what do you do by that? I mean now the call see Howard is now come to the point where he like laughs along with the callers
Yeah, so that's a step up is not a big improvement
I was to you know posed to what used to go on correct
You got to laugh at yourself and rather than enjoy it and in his case that ought to be easy
So
But my point is now that like it's open the door for everybody to go ahead and do it because Howard doesn't mind
Yeah, well, we'll find something else to irritate him. He's he's off all this week and I know no more
We got bow instead of mo that's good. I like that actually bow today and then I'm doing the Howard David
That's right. You're in there tomorrow to to force you're all over the place. Yeah, man
Right. I always your big day. I sure hope you've been talking about it at least for 20 or 30 seconds. Don't over do it
Well, you think today's the big day today's the announcement supposedly from the NHL who said that today
I thought you ever heard that I thought later inside pipeline the bonsai pipeline. I got I got the pipeline
I got no later in the week they said was gonna be the big announcement. I had a call from Jeff Rimmer on Thursday afternoon
Your close personal friend. I got a call from Rimmer Niel on December 27 saying it's done and if Rimmer says
You know, it's probably full of crap. It exactly the point. You know what he was calling before he's calling me to invite me to
To his son's wedding this weekend when he was really calling for was to invite me to come and bring a gift to his son's wedding
Not so much. In fact, even if I wouldn't have shown in just send a gift that would have pacified you know what you ought to do
You don't want to happen. You know be classic you go to the wedding and you bring a brandy shoe certificate
Yeah, and give that for the gift for you. That'd be nice
So Josh Rimmer is getting married. He got married this weekend. Oh, so you didn't go to the wedding
No, I did not nor did I send a gift nor would I have anything to do with it. That's pretty well
You got to be absolutely today is today that it's gonna be from his inside sources JD and this one and
That well either way is getting done whenever it gets done it gets done
Yeah, I'll tell you what the players took a beating man, and we all knew they would but
Everybody in the world knew the players were gonna take a beating except for those 700 players. Yeah, well
I'm sick of all of me. You know, I'm just discussed of course. You're now. This is your life now, so oh
You'll be back in a bandwagon with what with your lease when they play again
The period
There you go 16
67 Stanley Cup game six sleeve speed the Canadians but anyway, it's a long time ago
Yeah, yeah, well look at when you're a fan of certain themes you have to live in the past may believe dolphins
For example, I have to live in the distant past you're right. It's been a long time for the dolphins
That's correct. Well, I'm certainly looking forward to it and
Hockey season of the dolphins. No the hockey season. Oh, yeah, the dolphins aren't paying me. You should know about that
They're not no. Oh, that's right because we don't have the games anymore
You're gonna miss out all that like a slot with that's sloppy. You were doing there in the games
I tell you what I think from what I understand from the brain trust here. Yeah, they're gonna have the same brain
Press that said we shouldn't participate in that Sunset and will pull and have the other station make us look like a bunch of
Losers. Oh, that's right. Yeah, so I think the finger at me weaklings, quizlings. They're a humiliating us anyway
I pause because I knew you'd have some kind words after I said big rain. Just they got some big plans for some days
Like while the games are going on. Yeah, he was gonna have some very big events
Maybe you can maybe you can show up with someone. What do you think? Right? What?
You're really dreaming man. Yeah Roger's a kickoff. You can go and hang out with some of the listeners
I think maybe just the transmitter maintenance would be good
In fact, it doesn't make any difference because the games are all on television anyway. This is true
You know, they're on satellite radio. I really put because I saw Barry had to call him over the weekend
Which if this is true? It's got if Jimmy syphilis is really gonna be doing play by play
This is he's never done play by playing his life that I know of he did go to Penn State though
And I think he majored in broadcast. Yeah
Well, that's your qualifies him. I'd hire him in a heartbeat. So who do you think they should hire?
Some Mark champion would be good. Yeah, the guy for the Detroit guy
Yeah, he's very good. I mean, I'm talking about like a real broadcast. You're not some you know some in house of flunky
It could be I said that to Hank last week. Oh, you're picking on my friends. No, I can't say anything
Well, I sure can because I don't
Jimmy's a nice guy. We're a nice e-show years ago once he was on my radio show and I and Z
He's a nice guy never stole a freight train, but nevertheless
So it could be the Jimmy and Joe show on the I say one thing if there's anybody it's gonna make Mo look like
You know the greatest of all time. It's gonna be Jimmy syphilis. They're gonna be begging for Mo to come back
Yeah, they Jones in for begging or why don't we just dig Rick weaver up?
Now, that's just a you're laughing. Oh, you better admit Rick weaver. He was the man. I heard mostly mostly from what I heard of
If we you know with a high license stuff because by the time I
He went around yeah, very a very a very
Dislikeable person, but a great broadcast really a bad guy. I know about bad guy used to smell bad
I know that well I didn't say whatever he want because he's long since dead anyways
Well, you could always get back into the play by play game and hop back in that pretty game
Spaceball huge ego and I'm just not big on people that have huge egos, but he was just a legend in his own mind
Really you don't like people with big egos not especially would you would you somebody you can mention?
I should like no, I'm not a fan of that stuff either would you consider yourself someone that has a big ego?
I don't have any ego. None look look who I work for it. I've been next to none
What does it have to do with who you're having ego when you work for these people?
What's what's so bad about working for quote these people as you refer?
Twice a month is great
Well, I see the schedule you're only working a couple times. Well, I'm trying to even it out now
Okay, it's a good deal with that twice a month impact
Maybe maybe we'll get that down to a sign so I'll show up twice a month. That sounds like a plan to me
They won't have that they won't they we need the ratings. They need the ratings. Yeah, well sure got them
Yeah, I have no choice on that note have a great thing
Yeah, you too and we'll see you tomorrow afternoon. Yeah, we'll see you one of these days
I know actually I won't see you tomorrow. No. Oh, you're not working tomorrow. I'm on a schedule
I've almost got talked myself into what I see they may put me on a schedule
I see your name is on that doesn't fit into your summer schedule hold your breath
That doesn't fit into your slot machine in the horse
I'm right now and sit there in front of the TV. I get ESPN cranked up and wait for the big announcement
Hey, never look at celebrations. Well, if you told me somebody else told you I say great
It's getting money today. But if it's a rimmer I'm thinking more Thursday pride as part of it is
He didn't even charge me for the information which is shot
You send the gift certificates with a wedding gift. Okay, see you, Gildi. Bye-bye
We are the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harp
Hey, Stan my for news. A couple had two little boys Johnny and Jimmy ages 8 and 10 who were
excessively mischievous the two were always getting into trouble and their parents could be confident that if any
mischief occurred in their town
Johnny and Jimmy were involved in some capacity their parents were at their which end as to what to do about their son's behavior
So they heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children in the past
So they contacted him and he agreed to give it his best shot
He asked to see the boys individually. So Johnny the eight-year-old was sent to meet first with the clergyman
Who sat Johnny down and asked him sternly where is God?
Johnny made no response so the clergyman repeated the question in an even stoner tone
Where is God? Johnny again made no attempt to answer the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the voice face
Where is God?
And at that Johnny bolted from the room ran directly home and slammed himself in the closet
His brother Jimmy followed him into the closet and said well what happened?
Johnny said we're in big trouble this time Jimmy God is missing and they think we did it Paul Harvey
Good day good day. That's cute. That was cute
I don't I've seen like fall down on the on the floor and you know pound your fist on the ground laughing
But it was a cute and that's and that's course all we're allowed to do now is cute anymore not really funny but cute
So that's it. It's 10.07 at 5.60 WQ. I am happy Tuesday July 5th happy birthday to my mother today. She to be 92 today
Oh happy birthday. I don't think I should have the day off
It's the one year anniversary of her death she died on a 91st birthday when you were go today
You know I had to take the day off. Yeah, it's Marijuana
Doesn't matter and then Thursday of course we got the Marling game at 12.30
So we got the early exit on Thursday and I still in the oil excellent job
Okay, George took this pool yesterday and I'm serious that thing what a shame it is you know bad timing
It's just like when I tried to fight back for the rest of the radio station on a front-end
I'm gonna tell you if there's anybody in America that's got a bigger ego or even on the face of the earth and that
Dan La Bastard guy over the other station. I mean once once we finally got mad dog ahead of him in two than both categories
And this is coming from way way behind, you know because our management decided oh well
Let's just turn the other cheek and ignore it. Yeah, let's just roll over and play dead
Which is what they do best and it would give him about a three or a thousand
Vote handicap running start and we actually did get mad dog
You had I mean the idea that anybody would compare Dan La Bastard
He couldn't he couldn't
He managed his jockstrap much less carried okay, it's a joke and so once that happened
I noticed on there that all of a sudden they started doing their own creeping their counter-freeping and pop up
I and it was all for him too, you know, so I guess everybody at the Harold
Was sitting at their computer and they were like tapping it all day long in the computer too for Dan La Bastard
You're not getting anybody okay loser and by the way to Cubans didn't win the World Series
I can't stop thinking about that. That was almost wrote test things ever written in the history of South Florida journalism
I use that term loosely and it was like oh nothing ever happened
See that's the double standard we got in South Florida something happens on the North-Speaking English radio stations
They get away with it nothing happens and if somebody like Dan La Bastard writes an ethnically
insensitive grotesque twisted thing like that. It's like oh well, we didn't see it
What will happen first we asked your Georgia as yesterday 429 votes on the fourth of July and by the way Georgia wants an apology from the world
For having to work. Yes, somebody this is the only show. I mean they can't get this schedule right here
They get this schedule is so screwed up this week. They got me on tomorrow
They got Hank on Thursday who's on vacation this week. I don't know who's making a schedule out which I realized isn't that big of an assignment
But boy whoever it is you you ferry
pathetic
But we as usual on the holidays we were the only ones that had a semblance of like a real show on yesterday in the fourth of July
Even though two better was nobody around to hear it
But nevertheless
429 votes what'll happen first aliens will visit the earth that was my vote 161
America electable man for president 122. Well, of course aliens already a vision the earth. They've talked about the rules
Yes, they have probably we know at least one alien visited South Florida unfortunately
Everyone in South Florida will link English 66
Hold your breath will let you know when exhale
We're getting especially the Americans that we're getting your own private you for the oxygen all the troops will be turned from Iraq
60 America likes a black press press is it says here? I know I didn't correct Josh. I like the way he spelled it
Oh, pressure 13 and the Neocons will come clean seven in other words
Never that was really the upshot of the whole thing and speaking of the Neocons. I've got I did some channel surfing on Sunday night
And was the luckiest moment of my life. I cannot begin to tell you how just I know words to describe it
So I'm not gonna have to describe it because you can go on our website near Rogers dot com
And I know there are a lot of people. Oh, where's the beating curtain?
Where's the naked pictures while we can put that on there no more because you live in a fastest country and here's a documentary that proves
It on a show called the what is it called? I forgot whatever it's called on CBC
There was a documentary called the world according to Bush and
Two hours and this makes it makes sure that 9-11 seemed like Charles play like a cartoon
That's how well done this is how scathing how biting all the stuff about pressed by Bush and the Nazis being the banker for the Nazis now after
W W 2 the US government took away all of his business interest and they took over all of his companies because he was
Aiding and abetting the enemy and using using concentration camp
People for slave labor it is a company in Poland. That's all that was press god Bush and all the stuff about of course the Neocons and religious right and the
Christian Zionist that part is just it's not just scary. It's
Petrifying I mean you're talking about a bunch of crazy people are running your country
So anyways on our Eric great job by the way Eric you made up for you a tone for a lot of sins today
I mean a heartbeat he got that whole thing on here and it's two hours long
But he's got to divide it into part one and part two and you can watch it and listen to it and it's just absolutely
How come the American media doesn't have stuff like this and now that PBS has been taken over by the right wingers and
Because it was too liberal
You're not gonna get any truth in the American media. Those are the people that all belong in jail
I have no sympathy for Judith Miller or Bob no vacuities people they all belong in the other one we had
He does, huh?
I'm gonna be sure it's how does belong later. He's on death row and that's pointed out by the way in this show
About the the whole story about Joseph Wilson and about Valerie Plame and the outing and so on and so forth
It's all in there. This is the best documentary if there's one thing you ever look at on our website ever in a history of your life
This is the one you ought to be on it right now. It's right on the top of the page the world according to Bush
In fact, I'm gonna have you play a little of it when we come back after the very just a little audio clip from it
Okay, I'll keep it up. Cue, cue, did up and what are shamans the fifth of July?
There isn't anybody in town nobody's gonna be here
But we're gonna keep it up there in perpetuity, you know, and hope said maybe if God if it was what is this was originally show last October
That's a saddest part. This was a repeat broadcast and if
If would have been shown in America last October
Certainly they if they could have stolen all high of it
They would have lost the election. There's no way they could stolen another one
But it was not it was on the CBC and of course the American media continued just looking the other way and who the hell was
Reload claim anyway, we don't know from this end of the Downing Street memo
We don't know about any of these things and quit making trouble because so we have to cover our own ass
They're all in bed together. That's all
He thought investigation to win and they were getting too close to the towel had it
Fighting time it's all up over to within
We're tortured by pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
If they don't have seen this corporate retarded
3000 lies will never be a bench
Because you brainwashed fucking
Or so back to the bench you'll put them back in office again
You're a f***er
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Pushes and sorrows
Exactly ten-nineteen
Oh I just love those Christians Zionist baby not
Well they got to have that temple
We love Israel, we love Israel the Jewish people
Don't you know what the Bible is?
The Bible is the WS News
And how could you allow that to go on, Luke Kron?
Is his kids still work for Power 96 in the sales department?
What a disgrace that was
Farmer's certainly
I just love the Jewish people, I love my love my love
Oh brother, they were gonna prop her ass up and run her for a political office
And then of course there was some senator from Halea, some state senator that was prop in her ass up
But nevertheless, move it alive
What are you talking about?
Oh I'm making you pardon?
I said how are you doing?
I'm doing great
Here's the poll we got for today so far
And then we'll get into this thing maybe you'll play a little clip
Maybe I've peaked their interest
I want you to bang on this day every day
The world according to Bush
It's gonna be on that website and we want everybody in the world to watch it
How can we get some other people to put that on there?
Because the American media sure is on it, we're gonna show this documentary
And not a chance in ten billion
Oh but frontline is crap, okay?
Yeah, weak
Very weak
Like a Casper milk toast, you know
It's got like water down tea
Like taking a cup of tea
And pouring like a intense water
I guess it's nine ten
What about you all I'm talking about?
Taking a fine wine and pouring avion in there
226 votes, what I disagree with Neil about most is
I agree with Neil on everything, 46
Do we believe that?
I mean, that's a little, I don't know
I get buttburn from all the licky licky effect of that, yeah?
Yeah, I think it's bad buttburn
I would have thought you'd find it soothing
No, buttburn, almost like Royds
His taste in music 42, I can certainly easily understand that
I mean, who I want to hear my music
Right?
Oh I'm sorry, I shouldn't play like a jingle
Carpet face
Go J
Yeah, who wants to hear that crap?
Oh, I say the music sucks 42
His taste in people and hot people 37
What's the point?
You know, male, female, undecided
When it comes to the arbiter of both phenomenal appearance, believe me
I know it
Politics 28, golf 22
His taste in ice cream is 16, which I find most amusing
NASCAR 11, religion 11
His Tom Cruise Gay 5, which means that only five people in this entire audience doubted
Everything he says for, and Rick Sanchez is talent also
Tuck, Pearl Has Plays, the fourth
I say you can't complain about Rick Sanchez's talent, because he doesn't have any
Well, they take all the by comparison that show he had on NBC 6 there for a while
It sure was heads and shoulders above whatever that crap is they got now
Holy cow, what is that?
What is that?
I told you the other day about that screaming queen entertainer report
They have on her that black guy with a big head I still missed it
Oh my, it was you better keep missing it you may just stick your finger in the socket
After you see I'm telling you or just socket yeah, or you wouldn't be surprised if he prays well anyway
I'm not gonna go there as they say
Yeah, that's right moving away so anyway, you got to thank you enough I just
Just a little tease let's play a bit of it and then I'll tell you when to like lay out
Hello, I'm Mikya Jean welcome to the passionate eye
Tonight's film makes no apologies for wearing its ruthlessly critical heart on its sleeve
No
A world-winning French filmmaker William Carreltek's relentless aim as the president and his closest advisors
As with Michael Moore's a Fahrenheit 9-11 there's little territory left uncovered here
The impact of the Christian right, the secret relationship between the bushes and the belladden family
And the premeditated decision to go to war on Iraq
Last season the passionate eye presented a film by William Carreltek called the Dark Side of the Moon
A giant hoax about the US space program
We think you'll agree that Carreltek's latest documentary which focuses not on the lunar landscape
But the American political landscape reveals an even more intriguing place
Here is the world according to Bush
For those of you who received honors awards and distinctions I say well done
And to the C students
I say you too can be president of the United States
You have the worst president in America's history
He's ignorant, he's arrogant, he's stupid and always but one which is he's immensely shrewd about the American people
Particularly the less intelligent half of America because they're very happy with him
In that they realize how stupid he is and they say to themselves wonderful
If that stupid guy can be president so can I
We have elected a puppet for president, actually we didn't elect him
He was appointed his brother Jeb Stol 50,000 votes in Florida and his father supreme court appointed him
You know if God has spoken to you and said you're going to be president you're not worrying about court decisions or recounts or things like that
Alright so it became president but he didn't know why and in September 11th he discovered why
In January 2001 George W Bush left his native Texas for Washington
He had just won the most controversial and muddled election in American political history
George W Bush was the president of the United States
He was the president of the United States for Washington
He was the president of the United States for Washington
Eight years after his father George Bush Sr
George W became leader of the most powerful nation under it
This was an unprecedented event in American history
All the major events of the last 12 years have taken place under a Bush presidency that collapse of the Soviet Empire in the communist bloc
The first Gulf War, the events of 9-11, the worldwide spread of terrorism and the second war with Iraq
They can pray for me, they can pray for my little girls, they can pray for my wife, they can pray for our family
Let's do that, God we ask you to not only fill their hearts with love but let them feel from our heart toward them
Yeah, feel this, I can't remember that but they get in that whole thing about the Christian right and the Christian Zionist in this whole we love Israel business
Because let's face it if Israel is taken over by them, Shmata and Arabs then we can't mess us up all our plans like Tessio said
Right, we can't destroy that mosque and rebuild the temple and hate for the people
There's part one and part two, there's an hour with each I would assume and yeah, that's a lot of time to take especially during the summer holidays
But you know when you really board like in about two o'clock, what?
Well I mean if you just not one of those sports nerds, okay, I'm still just foaming it the month about the cowardice of our management
It's just, I'm humiliated and embarrassed
They just, you know, they think that they can hide in the bed and the boogie man's gonna go away
Guess what, it's not gonna work Greg or whoever made that decision
But nevertheless it's just a newspaper poll what do we got today we got both for Mo
Oh, don't know this week, but the Mo man's on vacation is that all week he's on he sure but on vacation a whole lot lately
Thank God, so we got both from Mo mad dog four to six thirty there is our rock okay, right and the idea seriously that business about
Daniel advanced in gym managed it's like it's like the New York Yankees against an American Legion sandlot team
Marlon's out dex six thirty Milwaukee brewers in time boys that I'm exciting a draw to play the Marlon's 705
It came for the baseball game how many people were going to have for that ball game you think John
Fuck, put it in there, yeah around there
Oh, those red hot brewers nice going bud
27 after 10 at five sixty WQ and good life credit asked the question you know what's on your credit report
If not remember this number eight six six six two five oh four forty four
It's the fact that eighty percent of credit reporters reports contain errors that affect your credit score
And we all know the problems that come when you got a bad credit score
And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report you know what a pain that can be
Good life credit is here to correct those mistakes good life credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you and there are no setup fees
Good life credible or to your credit report from the three major credit bureaus right the letters of discrepancies and straighten out any inaccuracies too
So don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score before you visit the dealership or call the real do do yourself a big favor
And call good life credit and right now the first ten callers will get a ten percent discount just tell me that Niel told you to call
The number again is eight six six six two five oh four forty four that's one eight six six six two five oh four forty four around the web it's good life credit dot com
What it helps to enter a team is please come to see me
A person now a good one in the washers
A person is a good one
It's four three or five six two way yeah
I don't have a clue
There's some of the differences
No matter what I'm asking a question
I understand your abuse of confrontation begins
Here's the problem you don't know the history of psychiatry I do
You treat me as a murderer but you're glim
You even know what really is
But battle in a game of survival
I think that you should be a little bit more responsible
Really you've done the homework and you know the subject and you should and you should do that also
And I'm not helping anyone else to do what you are saying
I know some people who seem to have been helped by Matt Lauer
You're so passionate about it
Tom Cruise
I'm not so sure about that
War of the words rated PG unnecessary for anyone to listen to
It's 1033 Matt Lauer of course doing his Vestler or King imitation
Licky Licky Licky
Yeah, a couple of cream puffs
Obviously we've done your homework my ass okay
Learning about the psychiatry from Scientology isn't exactly what anybody would call it
Doing your homework jerk but nevertheless
You don't want to talk about politics because what does that have to do with Tom Cruise right here's a fact that says
Hey, Neal well as usual the media fails to do their job is reported by Lawrence O'Donnell on the Glantvin group Saturday
That's the fascist Nazi Karl Robe out and gave the name I got that story or it's been on our website all weekend
And gave the name of Valerie Plain to the reporter of the times and through emails it will come out
And what does the media do nothing no reports on the news this administration is so much worse than the Nixon raid team
And the rubbers we don't need to dig this Schmidt up. It's all out there for all to see and nothing I'm going back to Asia
It says bye-bye as they send him a Glockner report bye-bye have a safe trip
That's why my best suggestion is get that out of there while you still can you see who died Josh no oh Luther Vendra
No talking to sports Luther Vendra died days ago. He's not even warm anymore. Well, he probably wasn't then either who sports sports sports man
I said who who Hank Stram okay when today couple of yesterday. I missed it. You didn't know that Hank Stram died no I didn't know Hank Stram I got an email on it okay
No seriously. You know what he's probably best remembered for no is those NFL highlight films where they had the coaches miced on the sidelines you see those yeah on the NFL now he was he was great
Anyway, Hank Stram was successful coaching American football league history and a TV and radio broadcaster for nearly two decades down yesterday in New Orleans
A suburban hospital strangle was 82 have been declining health for several years
Stram remember of the pro football hall a famous credited with developing the three four defense the two tight information in the moving pocket
When his coaching career was over he worked as an analyst for CBS first on TV then the radio booth where he called Monday night football
Longside Jack Buck who's also dead and other two are in that big booth in the sky aren't they no they're in a box in the ground and the worms are eating them as we speak
Stram was suffered from diabetes for several years in Illinois Hank Stram was George that good guess was inducted in the pro football hall of fame
2003 two week to stand or walk on his own he watched his pre-recorded induction speech from a wheelchair
Stram was known for his quirky sense of humor in an arrow and most coaches took themselves seriously he gave everybody nicknames
Hank had his own vocabulary said Steve Sable present of NFL films Hank was the mentor his players were called the rats
The chiefs didn't drive the ball they matriculated the ball team priest were called blackbirds the rest were called sausage stuffers
No you're fairer sausage stuffers see I think he had the names mixed up I think the priest should have been to one of the last
That's bad when speaking of that no I got way even more important than the thing about the award the court to Bush I'm serious you people better hop on that thing and you better be scouring it and watching it over and over again and tell how do we do this how do we reach some people you know I feel like
Well I know you're going like that but that doesn't get the job done look the people that we're talking to they're already there it's the other people that wouldn't listen to you on a bet I mean maybe you're close personal friend Lynn Samuels maybe she could connect the prestigious website
Somebody somewhere for maybe maybe she can get her boyfriend to put it on here is not going to happen that would be the last thing that's going to happen
Hey Matt you sell out here anyway here's the important story that you've been waiting on the edge of your seat hold a liberal Kansas City Missouri Applebee's International
Inc says an internal investigation has discovered that a former employee at a Jefferson Louisiana restaurant cut the tip of his thumb off a
Urgo and met his likely the fingertip found by customer now suing the restaurant chain all this time all of these months
We've been waiting and waiting on the edge of our seats for the denum on the unraveling of this plot have we oh yeah I've been
You know made deal chambers Johnson now that either the Julio zone have four names most of I like that I
Mean deal chambers Johnson the Jefferson parish claims you found a fingertip in a salad she bought the restaurant a year ago she filed
Alsoed against the overland park Kansas based chain on June 24th and Louisiana state court seeking on specified damages in a statement
Saturday Applebee said while some of the facts are still unclear we now believe a former employee at this restaurant accidentally cut the
Very tip of his thumb last year the company said the man described the cut is roughly the size of a sunflower seed
Okay, nothing
In a statement Applebee said it wanted to apologize to Johnson they'd rather apologize and pay her of course we deeply regret this isolated incident from last year the statement said food safety remains our top priority
Johnson the turn of the time Johnson's attorney Michael Darnell of Noelle in said yesterday he hadn't seen the statement or spoken with Applebee's officials since filing the lawsuit
But Darnell we're all learning to spell with Darnell said the statement made him question whether Applebee's another chain restaurants are doing enough to make sure that
Tainted food doesn't get served spring of tainted food at all George the court is sure I may die during the show today which I'm sure I'll get a sitting ovation for many people out there if that happens
But I had a I've been on a salad kickly and they have these pre-made salads of one of my supermarkets in the area
Yeah, and they're like a little plastic container and they're wrapped with the cell phone on the outside to measure freshness and make sure that they're tightly sealed and note the spoil and stuff like that well
So I open it last night and what I'm sitting there watching TV of course without paying too much attention I had like slices of a yellow pepper and red pepper and whatever in there
And I put the first one start eating it and I'm about two thirds of the way through and then I looked down and I realized that there's like this kind of a slimy coating on it you know
And immediately a random garbage and tossed it out and then they got my list of green and scope and toothpaste and just you know scoured it out so if I don't know
And the reporters playing to me before they show today exactly the difference between all these you know like Salmonella who is played third base for the A's and I don't know the difference
But you know they were couple yeah, well to me Salmonella to me was yeah, yeah, but this was like 14 hours ago so I think it was gonna like attack me
I have a bad taste in my mouth, but it's probably from this show you know probably from work all of a sound okay probably from that Sun Sentinel pool that our management team sat around
And said oh well, it's just the stone wall. Let's just ignore that as we don't want to dignify those guys across the street right so make make us look like a bunch of losers
Okay, you quizzling you idiot you you you're fair. We got you went you know that bit that eight sounds where he says you went you went that
That's what I keep thinking of is our management team
But your whist is man. Oh gee, we don't want to let compete. Yeah, you don't want to compete
You don't know how to compete when you have any anybody really out there giving it a shot and spending any money and having more than two nickels to rub together
All of a sudden you roll over and play dead and say hey, I have it. Have you got some fun with me kind of like mold
That's right in the day when he back in the day when he was given gang rape every day remember that he was getting raped at all the time the salad days. Oh no
20 yeah the slimy salad days 20 before 11 at 560 W.I.M. Don't forget we got gold from all the staff
No, I think I'm getting sick. Not really. I feel pretty good. I just it just makes you a little bit nervous
I mean, it's probably a very commonplace thing when it you know something that's wrapped like that sits for a few days too long
Sure, so it's a turning a little bit. There was nothing crawling in and I did check that there was nothing crawling around in there.
I sure not well. I'll go check it again. It's in the garbage. In fact, I think I probably ought to save it in case I get deathly ill I can always see the supermarket.
Floating balls in theaters now from the director of herbie fully loaded.
I'm just a care of her. I'm a real problem. I hope you find me in.
George Bush stars in GW totally loaded. I hope you must drink it.
Drugs and alcohol over and over again. It is my style. Sometimes I'm mangled English language.
Well, I maybe I need to learn to communicate better. GW totally loaded.
I'm in coherent, exhausted and bankrupt and I'm sick.
That is a problem. You're a problem all right. 14, 4, 11, and 5 Michael Isikov writes the role factor time magazine talked to Bush's guru for the plane story.
Just a plane facts. It's legal appeals exhausted time magazine agreed last week to turn over reporter Matthew Cooper's emails and computer notes to a special prosecutor investigating the leak of another cover CIA agents identity.
The case has been the subject of the press controversy for two years saying we're not above the law.
Time and editor-in chief Norman Purstline, Pearl Steen, whatever his name is, decided to comply with the grand jury's subpoena to turn over documents related to the leak.
But Cooper and a New York Times reporter, Judith Miller, still refusing to testify and faces jail this week.
An issue with the story of a CIA sponsored trip taken by former ambassador in White House critic Joseph Wilson to investigate reports that Iraq was seeking to buy uranium from the African country of Niger.
Some government officials have noted the time and interviews that Wilson's wife Valerie Plame is a CIA official who monitors the proliferation of weapons and mass destruction said Cooper is July 2003 time online article.
Now the story may be about to take another turn. The emails surrendered by time ink, which are largely between Cooper and his editors, show that one of Cooper's sources was one house deputy chief of staff Carl Rove according to two lawyers, why it's not to be identified because they'd like to stay alive.
Cooper at a time spokeswoman declined to comment, but an interview with Newsweek, Rove's lawyer Robert Luskin confirmed that Rove had been interviewed by Cooper for the article.
It is unclear, however, what passed between Cooper and Rove, other than gas.
The controversy began three days before the time piece appeared when calmness Robert Novak, the anxious Vod Novak, who ought to be on death row right now, for high crimes and misderminers and the treason.
Writing about Wilson's trip Novak reported that Wilson had been sent at the suggestion of his wife who was identified by name as a CIA operative.
The leak to Novak apparently intended to discredit Wilson's mission caused a fewer when it turned out that Plame was an undercover agent.
It's a crime to knowingly reveal the identity of undercover CIA official. A special prosecutor was appointed against a peening reporter to find the source of the leak.
Novak appeared to have made some kind of arrangement with a special prosecutor, and other journalists who reported on the Plame's story have talked to prosecutors with the permission of their sources.
Cooper agreed to discuss his contact with Lewis Scooter Libby, vice president Dick Taney's top aide.
After Libby gave him permission to do so, the Cooper drew the line when special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald asked about other sources.
Initially Fitzgerald's focus was on Novak's sourcing since Novak was the first to out-plame.
But, according to Luskin, Rose Lawyer spoke to Cooper three or four days before Novak's column appeared.
Luskin told Newsweek that Rove never knowingly disclosed classified information, and they did not tell any reporter that a Valerie Plame worked for the CIA.
Luskin declined, however, to discuss any of their details. He did say that Rove himself had testified before the grand jury two or three times, and signed a waiver authorizing reporters to testify about their conversations with him.
He has answered every question has been put to lot of his conversations with Cooper and anybody else Luskin said, but one of the two lawyers representing a witness sympathetic to the White House told Newsweek that there was growing concern in the White House that the prosecutor is interested in Rove Fitzgerald declined to comment.
In early October 2003, Newsweek reported that immediately after Novak's column appeared in July, Rove called MSNBC Hardball host Chris Matthews and told him that Wilson's wife was fair game.
The White House spokesman Scott McFellon told reporters at the time that any suggestion that Rove had played a role in outing playing with totally ridiculous, on October 10th McFellon was asked directly if Rove and two other White House say that ever discussed Valerie Plame with any reporters, McFellon said he had spoken with all three and that those individuals sure of me that were not involved in this.
We believe it now. How do you like that? Carla Roving maniac. He had Bob Novak got to be like sit inside by each tree right there on death road.
They had to be in jail for treason right now. It's a federal crime, a very, very serious and egregious felony to out a member of the CIA.
Not only that endangered her and a lot of other people she worked with, but undo all of the work in her context that she'd made for 20 years working with a CIA.
What does that have to do with Tom Cruise? What does it have to do with the Psychiatry? What does it have to do with the runaway bride? What does it have to do with the Booga Booga in Aruba?
Who gives a flying craft about Aruba? There's 80's in missing people out there and the media that's the one dojo remain and we have to keep hearing about the Dutch kid.
Who gives a crap? Let him go back in and roll a big fat one into telegraph and Amsterdam get out of our face.
Here's our poll so far today. Seriously, I feel so useless. Norma Kent, you're the anti-crash norma. I was speaking to Amsterdam. He's going to recall.
This will tell you about my agent. This telephone call will tell you everything you didn't know about Norma Kent.
Oh, we have a new one. Oh, this is the best. He calls me here in my home where I'm sitting right now. Last Thursday afternoon.
The Thursday was the day for all the calls from people you don't want to hear from. Rumor, Norma Kent calls me. I pick up the phone and I say,
Here's his response. You know, are you back in Toronto now? Cute. No, no. It wasn't to be cute. He was serious. And then when I outed him on that and he got all flustered.
He said, You're the only person I talk to that makes me nervous. I get so confused. So I could be talking to millions and millions of people right now.
We could be putting this thing on a website that was being visited every day by millions and millions of people.
And here we sit on this cowardly little quizzling radio station in the corner of a South Florida somewhere where like,
Oh, don't do this and don't do that. You know, and we're reaching how many people now in the middle of this, the fifth of July.
So I feel like insufficient like we're just not getting a job done. Not that it may seem different right now anyway,
although impeachment sounds like a pleasant word. Yeah, like, yeah, anyway, here's the poll again. What I disagree with Neil most about his taste in music.
64 that's risen to the top. I horrible taste of music. It's just a comparison. Right. I agree with Neil on everything.
Sixty three. His taste in hot peoples of 53. Okay. Whatever you say police for their politics 40 police politics 40 golf 31. His taste in ice cream.
22 religion 21. Don't forget all your kids out there. The religious people are the dangerous people. They're the crazy people. Pick your poison, baby.
You can pick your nose and pick your poison. Okay. And as they say in outer space, pick your anus if you're choosing among the planets. Of course.
Relic his taste in ice cream 22 religion 21 NASCAR 18 is Tom Cruise gay seven, which means everybody else agrees with me that he certainly is.
If there's any doubt Rick Sanchez talent six and everything he says five disagree with about everything. Well, guess what it's Tuesday. No,
I mean, how do you like that for a quick remedy? Huh? Argumented it. Yeah. I think we ought to take a couple of calls. What do you think? Because you told me yesterday on the fourth of July.
The calls were splendid. Oh, yes, spectacular. No, you said well, I didn't try it after the her segments. Well, why not?
Well, let's give it a shot. It was obvious. WQA am hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm in town. Have I passed it down?
Hey, boy.
Five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon and the single arrived as my certainly believed the last part of that.
What he said, which of course didn't make here, but never less. Right. Well, we always did that. Yeah. I'm sure that's a perpetual state.
Somebody QA. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you?
Good. Too quick thing that the key to this roasting is where even came on set knowingly the law says if you know,
you know, let her take out the name of the agent knowing that I'm with this with semantics manage. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm looking for a toxic. Another thing I don't understand. So many people would die to have what that your agent has.
The tools to put you all over, you know, all over the world. And that idiot is sitting down where?
What is he doing? What up a phone? Yeah. Who is he doing? Yeah. That's George.
You beat me in the punch. I was going to start the question is that what is he doing? Who is he doing?
My God. It's all I guess I'll say, you know, so many idiots talking on the radio and you who is funny,
and everything. It's completely. I'm drinking a you who right now is a matter of fact. I'm hanging there, pal.
Okay. Hey, George, every time he's on the thing to stop playing music to talk, that's all he's doing.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where you talked. I don't want to hear that music, George.
Sure. Of course it's the live music. Take somebody's great intellectual calls that you're so fused with.
Yeah. We've tried that. You've tried that. Remember the holiday shows?
Stop. You're probably doing shows. You're playing music on a.
Listen, hey, I invite them to call on the radio that anybody that they ever heard of before is there on a major high.
I always say the goal is really that is because they got to get us to stick on who doesn't do some stupid as sports show.
See the other shows they just take some sports punk on here. That's all talking about the same crap.
You know, all the Marlins and Shaq and Marlins and Shaq and the dolphins.
Yeah. That's right. We don't talk about them anymore. They wouldn't have anybody to talk to.
Right. So there you go. We got to little George there, even on the holidays. He comes in.
This is a yeoman job. The best he can under circumstances. And if there was anybody after what they didn't do to say, he would be talking to him.
He'd be like, confagulating. But based on the reports I had, from what he told me before the show yesterday,
it was what you expect in the fourth of July. Now is that the Christian Zionist July or the just regular ordinary pedestrian Jew lie?
Of course it asked you. Would you think WQA and hello?
Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, Sally.
Hey, first I want to say I've been listening to you for about 20 years. I've been 30 and I've been listening to you for about 20 years.
And you just been tremendous. I don't think you should be any surprise about down here over 20 years of enlisting.
You had an open forum, excellent talks, excellent politics websites. And all people do is call up and say stupid things and want to own their own voice.
And you want to go, why? Just like Norman Maylor said in that clip we played from that documentary.
Because at least half of the American public is stupid as dirt. That's why they're happy to have a stupid president who's done more than they are.
I mean, I don't know what exactly we're going to do to get people motivated and behind us to see what's going on here.
But I mean, it's obvious that sitting on right in the face and people are just happy going out and playing golf and saying stupid things on the radio and Neil.
I just hope you keep going on. Keep pushing. I've never get stressed out. Please don't ever get stressed out.
Don't ever move the ass trans. Stay here because we need you.
There's two things in mind that keep me going big time. Okay. It's called the 10th and the 25th of every month. Have a great day, pal.
I take care.
So yeah, that's what keeps me going. And by the way, the 10th is like a week from Shivuas, the from Sunday, from whatever.
Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. So that means that next Monday the 11th would be payday. See, they don't want to do it on the night because that would be really bad. Cut loose with that cash.
Beasley's don't like it. They like taking it in. They don't like kind of loose kind of like when you go and gamble.
You know, they like taking it in. They want your money. They just don't want to give you any back.
It's 10.57 at 5.60 W.C. I got that. I don't know. I think it's that botulism. I mean, just plop right on the floor here. I'm going to let you know.
What do you think? Don't do it now. See, it makes me wonder. I guess probably I can survive it because those pizzas and macaroni and stuff that sits out there in those places that ampsed it.
I'm always talking about. I'm not exaggerating. It sits out there for weeks and months.
You know, and then they pop into microwave and he'd up a little bit. And here you go. I'll still be.
For years I've been telling you about dry concepts. The best carpet cleaning company around.
But are you where the dry conscepts concepts can also save you hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas.
Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning and poultry leather furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, repair, a pet odor treatments and water damage as well.
Dry concepts also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts, professional staff is always improving to serve you their customers with the most advanced cleaning systems anywhere in the universe.
And during this month, during the month of July, it's dry concepts summer scissor sale.
Take advantage of great savings on all of dry concept services from carpet cleaning to tile and grout cleaning.
It's only one place to call that's dry concepts.
Indeed, rather than the Palm Beach is called 1-800-248-5071.
And tell me that Troy Reed website a hell of a piece of copy too.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on their website is dryconcepts.com.
Dry concepts clean today, entertain tonight. Call them today, toll free 1-800-248-5071.
What comes that's for?
Leave the art to us. So we'll be right back to see you in the future.
Yes, it's 6 and we'll talk about it.
It's the TV show that's sweeping the nation. This week on Hitty Baby one more time.
I can't eat a truer.
Damn it, man. This is damn good cake.
Would you try some of this cake, man?
Now good, baby.
You can't try some of this cake.
Not now, fuck.
Try some of this bad thing and cake.
Come on, try some of this cake.
Try some of this cake, man.
You can't get away from me, anime.
You know you can't get away from me.
That's what I'm trying, anime.
I don't know who you are.
I'm going to let the Tennessee River hear you.
Stop!
Alright.
It's 11.0.2 at 5.60.
WQM, happy July 5th.
We got Bo for Moe at the 2.
And then Mad Dog at 4.30.
Marlins tonight. Anybody go out to that game?
No.
No walkie brewers in town.
Bud Sealers team. They're kind of like light.
I was speaking of Bud Light.
Coca-Cola has returned to a rack after an absence of nearly four decades,
triggering a Cola Wornay.
Look at it.
But potentially a hostile market.
Coke ended at $0.37 a year exorbital last week by setting up a joint venture bottling company
to compete with Pepsi for 26 million consumers.
And of course on this show we like Coke a hell of a lot better because
they're one of our fine sponsors.
We love Coke.
The upsides for Coke include a thirst including climate,
inducing climate, what I say.
And burgeoning Islamic conservatism was his band-beer and other alcoholic drinks in much of the country.
The downsides, beside Pepsi's head start, are a raging insurgency in Banditry
which threatens supply routes.
And a perception that Coca-Cola is linked to Israel and American Zionists.
Coke withdrew from Iraq in 1968 when the Arab League declared a boycott
because of business ties to Israel leaving Pepsi's dominate the Middle East market for soft drinks.
The boycott ended in 1991.
But sanctions in wars kept Coke out of Iraq.
After a trickle of Coca-Cola imports from neighboring companies,
the companies attempting a proper comeback by launching a joint venture
with a Turkish company, Eiffelst Invest, and its Iraq partner HMBS,
which reportedly will bottle the Coke in Dubai and distributed across Iraq.
A local bottling company will employ local people to do this.
A Coca-Cola spokesman said yesterday,
this happens in most of the 200 companies which we operate around the world,
despite the perceptive us as an American company.
The response in Baghdad yesterday was mixed.
One drink wholesaler Abbas Ali said the initiative was doomed to do.
Coca-Cola does business with those who are shooting our brothers in Palestine.
He said, how can we drink it?
And it's got a bunch of other silly stuff.
So there you go. Coke is invading Iraq.
A lot of people invading.
What's the thought?
What's going to get there?
6, 7, 0, 5, 0. Are you kidding me?
When's McDonald's going to get to Baghdad?
Oh no.
You are too happy and too be feeling carefree because President Saddam Hussein
has defeated the infinite treatment under Satanic America,
while causing great embarrassment to the co-retists,
and inflicting great pain on our enemy during the recent UN inspections,
this is why my fellow Iraqi citizens, I've got my doubles,
is to be celebrating most renewers leaders weekend.
Yes, yes, automatic weapons have to be fired to the air without regard for human city,
as you enter the Baghdad McDonald's.
Bring what remains of your family to be meeting in the run of Mohamed Iadador.
Do not be forgetting that today I have to be chopping off the hands of the hand-brake learned.
You work to be sending the fruit of your loin to play in the kidney bunker.
As you choose from my most fainting menu to the includes,
big nights with secrets got some,
a fist-mat-bones and liches,
worth the thunder with views,
not to be forgetting our famous flies.
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens,
we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Mohsens victory,
homicus, all-less ones of the United Nations,
and keep this weekend at the Baghdad McDonald's.
The proportion of poverty to be given to our great leader,
Shalom Hussein's most secretive research and program
to be building weapons of mass destruction.
But what does that have to do with Tom Cruise?
It's 11.06.05.60 W.D.QM.
They had the mother of that chick that's lost in a rubon or again,
hyper-revitilating crime,
only Mohamed Iadador was going to CNN.
I'm certainly not news network.
You won't get any news on American news channels.
I'll tell you that right now.
You can bet your life on it.
You won't get any real news.
I'll even get his warmed-over propaganda.
W.D.Q.I.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Iraqis will drink Coca-Cola.
Just like Americans smoke cigarettes.
We kill 400,000 Americans every year on America.
Okay, great.
5.670560, how many of you heard?
What was that?
What was that?
It was pretty obvious what that was.
5.670560 and pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular Rital's Line.
I mentioned that the Vokabrindisc is down there or something.
A little something because that phone is ringing the back.
And by the way, I forgot to mention the call that I got from normal last week.
If it would have been on my cell phone, then you could understand, right?
Right.
But as you know, I don't use that cell phone ever if that even turned on.
It was my regular home phone.
Home phone?
My home phone.
So the idea that somebody would ask, it would be like if I called you at work on the, on the
bat line.
Right.
And said, hey, Javier, you were working out.
Yeah.
That's my agent.
He's an agent for Vokabrindisc.
W.D.Q.I.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're not going to believe who was on Fox 4th last night.
I don't believe it.
How strange.
Who is it?
Scott Farrell.
Yeah.
He was, he was great, man.
He said that he owns this town.
And he said to say hello to you.
When he was in, he owns this town.
What was that?
I don't know.
He's like, who's that for like three months?
Yeah, well, he's a right man.
John Bar.
Yep.
That's obviously one of his crowd.
Yeah.
Make no mistake about it.
He's a real laugh right.
Just like you are.
It is.
You're right.
You're right.
He calls yesterday.
Jory.
Who said that?
Oh, yeah.
That other guy.
I got it.
When it was one of your people, let's take away his inner.
You're like that.
Maybe he's gotten out of here.
His outer.
You've taken both away.
Why don't you worry about such crap?
Oh, I don't know.
Just move right along.
We don't get paid one more dime for like hitting good calls, bad calls, no calls, weak calls, great calls, strong calls.
Who cares?
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Dr. Tom Fish.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil, I hope you had a happy Fourth of July.
He's all whipped up because you made the promo.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm just going to tell him for like a week, but some of those new bits are so funny.
They're so great.
Listen, the only thing I don't agree with you about is today's pool.
It's really boring.
What do you mean by that?
I just think it's a boring pool.
Wow, it's the fifth of July.
What do you want from us?
You want to like chop liver every day?
How about a more firework?
How about one?
More firework?
Yeah, okay.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
See, there we go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Today's pool is boring.
I don't think it's boring at all.
I mean, I could have asked what I agree with me.
That would have been boring.
It would have been just butt-licking.
That's all.
But I'm asking you, what do you disagree with most?
I think it's kind of interesting, huh?
Sure.
I mean, it's not like overwhelming.
Like, is Tom Cruise going, coming out of the closet or something like that?
It's the middle of the summertime.
It's the dog days, honey.
Just leave us alone.
It's the best I can come up with for today.
I have no apologies for it.
We've had plenty of pools.
A lot worse than that.
In addition to which, it's just a pool part of the show.
The important part of the show, the video that's of the passionate eye documentary from Sunday
night, from the CBC, that's the important thing.
And she's worried about it's a boring pool.
Maybe we ought to have a boring pool on it to make sure that people stop at the top of
the website there, where it says the world-accurring to Bush, part one, and part two.
Yeah, they won't watch it.
They won't watch it.
Just like that thing about the other thing we've had on there for how many months now?
What's the thing?
The thing that's still the power of nightmare.
Oh, that one, yeah.
Parts one, two, and three.
See, the American people can complain all they want about not getting the truth.
The fact of the matter is they don't most of them don't want the truth.
They can't be bothered with it.
It's too serious.
It's too boring.
They want important stuff like Angelina Jolie, stuff like that.
In the basement.
In the basement of an attic.
Or in bed.
Stuff like that.
Crap.
Kaka is the mad dog would say.
Seriously, that Dan LeBaster, man.
Not always here a whole last, but he's an ego.
See, one thing if you're going to have a big ego, you better have a lot of talent.
So that's a problem, Danny Boy.
You better have some real serious big talent, and you ain't got it.
WQYM, hello.
Neil, good morning.
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I enjoy it as opposed to you to get all bent out of shape.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Yeah, you do.
You bent out of shape.
No.
George came in and said he looked like a pretzel.
I mean, what's his name?
Josh.
Whatever their your guys names are.
See, one of these days I'm going to forget because we're not going to any see us each other again.
But you remember, yeah, I got your picture over your wall.
Yeah, call me on my cell phone when it's turned off.
Right.
WQYM, hello.
Now, that right there is maybe the best call we've had.
So born today.
No, I think the first one was pretty good.
I remember what it was, but it was somebody saying something actually like relatively serious.
We don't want to get too serious.
Not in the middle of July, man.
Not in the middle of the dark days.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
I'm not going to ask you how you doing because everybody says that.
Yeah, I'm doing.
Hey, who'd you waste up the beat at the beginning of the curtain?
No, though my favorite part to the website.
You won't see that in no more.
That's the law now in fascist USA.
You won't see it in no more.
Geez.
Hey, can you give me an update on the hockey season?
Yeah, the update is a ****.
That's it.
Here's an update on the hockey season.
They're not having one.
Okay.
And according to rumor, it's supposed to be, we're supposed to get the big announcement today is what we're supposed to be getting.
The rebound in the net.
And you see what's going to help you.
Or fix about scoring that ball.
Yeah, we saw it.
You want to hear the rest of it?
Inside the line.
Drops from the line.
Swords.
Great.
There's your hockey stuff for today.
That's more than enough in South Florida.
They don't know from hockey.
Okay, they don't want it.
They don't want it.
We don't want it.
We don't want it.
We don't like it.
I mean, the fact that that broad would call and bitch about the pool being boring today and then wants more fireworks.
I think you already had enough fireworks.
You don't have a dream about it.
I think you're probably getting bent out of shape about the colors.
Not at all.
All right.
No, I'm just bitching her out and well-deserved in her case.
Case you hadn't noticed.
Okay, let's give you the result of that boring pool so far.
What I disagree with Neil most about is his taste in music 74.
Well, guess what?
Huh?
Why don't we play that?
How about the little of this?
Too low, too low key.
Yeah.
Here you go.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, rock!
Maybe you're gonna give me cause it's sweet.
What are you?
Antisimantic or something?
You know, like Smokey Robinson?
Anyway, his taste in music sucks 74.
I agree with Neil on everything 71.
Sure you do.
His taste in Hot People 57, which is so foolish.
It's just Asinine.
Of course, I've seen some of your spouses too.
So, politics 46, golf 35, religion 27,
his taste in ice cream 23, which of course is impeccable
and beyond reproach.
NASCAR 18, his Tom Cruise gay, is he gay?
Absolutely.
Well, eight people say they disagree.
Rick Sanchez, talent 6, six people think he's got some.
And everything he said is five.
Well, guess what?
It's 1114.
Check it out.
But it comes as poor as we are in the authority.
Sport 20 or 16.
She's way there.
You can unwrap all the slime all the time.
Sick of Michael Jackson, Tom Cruise gay,
he homes and Whitney, who's still long-rattle with crack.
Sick of eerie, Paris Hilton's voice
and how jammel they ran back.
Sick of the Olsen twins,
and hearing Lizzy low in loss so much
where she's not just bones.
Don't want to hear about that black.
Or when Russell Crowe starts throwing bones.
No stunts, no regrets.
These are always a struggle,
penny, a billion of seeds.
Always on the cover of the tabloid.
Magas, beans, I've got my own problems.
I don't give a damn if Jessica is the woodman.
Oh, what no one thinks she'll inflicts any thing.
Sick of seeing Britney,
then be more Cameron D.
As a boyfriend just in Timberlake.
Absolutely.
All of them are plastic like the boys,
and all of their boobs are fake.
Pired of a riot,
released a wager caror read over and Hillary thought.
Sick of hearing,
demo-bellying,
shut your mouth,
I've had enough stuff.
Those don't stun,
let her tease her.
Always a struggle,
penny, a billion of seeds.
Always on the cover of the tabloid.
Magas, beans, I've got my own problems.
I don't give a damn if Jessica is the woodman.
I don't give a damn if she is the woodman.
I don't give a damn if she is the woodman.
I don't give a damn if she is the woodman.
I don't give a damn if she is the woodman.
I don't give a damn if she is the woodman.
And now what happens is when she gets moldy,
holding moldy.
Oh, that music man.
How can you like that crap?
Jesus, God Almighty,
that aerosmith and foreigner in Motown
and beetles and all that crap you're like.
What's wrong with you man?
You've got to start playing some nerve-wracking.
Like George does.
I do.
Some pink flooring.
That thing by the way, Bob Geldoff makes me want to barf.
Oh, how can you say that?
He's doing a wonderful thing to try to help those starving people in Africa
and bring the attention of all they get right.
You think that there's anybody going to get one meal.
You better hurry up Bob, okay crank it up a little bit.
Sing a little faster.
I'll look it in.
He's from Scotland on the event and what the president can expect.
A little bit of a problem with the gas there.
A little problem.
G8 receptionist.
Do you have a little bit of problem there in Scotland?
It's not.
We got their kills out of joint.
I mean, you know, if you want to schlep up the very Ontario,
which they did over the weekend on Saturday and go see a bunch of old,
burnout rock musicians,
try and one last gasp.
Oh, but it's for a good cause.
Well, if they want to do a good cause,
why don't each one of them write out somewhere between 500,000 and 5 million,
depending on how much bucks they got.
You know, like McCartney is there in England and all this other crap.
Run out of check and raise a quick hundred or 200 million dollars
and buy some grits and stuff for all of them,
starving people over there.
Maybe see a few lives.
What do you think of that?
Oh, that's probably the way you are.
You know, USA for Africa, Michael Jackson.
He loves the children.
Maybe a little bit too much.
All this other crap, you know.
It's just ridiculous.
And if people are starving,
and nobody gives a crap because they're black.
And that's why Africa is in the condition that it's in right now.
And nobody wants to say that,
even though it happens to be the truth.
5.6705.60,
pound 5.60 in the Verizon.
And don't forget, of course,
as Yuri Falwell says in this documentary,
Mohammed was a terrorist.
Right.
So, in other words,
so it should be any surprise that these ragheads are all committing these terrorist acts.
Should that be any shock to any of us?
These anti-Israeli lunatics.
And now that's another thing that's made very clear in this documentary,
is that Israel might as well be called the 51st State.
And of course, when you have that kind of like one-sided relationship
and you're attempting supposedly to create a balance in the Middle East,
don't look too balanced to me, you know.
But that would have I know.
And then they had, they showed that aerial shiron was speaking in front of all these guest use.
These Christian designers to board again,
fundamentalist groups, you know.
There was aerial shiron,
who was met nine times, by the way,
with your president,
which is more than any other world leader, nine times.
I can't imagine why, can you?
Maybe just likes the free food at the White House.
What I disagree with Neil about most,
we got 400 votes on there.
That's not too bad.
You 400 people, at least I hope you took a look.
Please, I'm begging you.
The CBC documentary was originally on last October.
They repeated it Sunday night and thanked the Lord.
Thank you.
Neil, good night.
And I happen to find it right from the get-go, right from the beginning.
The world according to Bush, best damn thing you'll ever see in your life.
And they also have hands blicks on there,
talking about how they raked him over the colds
that everything to discredit him and muddy his image and make it up.
Because he didn't tell them what he was bad for business, okay?
It was messing up all their plans.
There's nothing here.
No, no, no, no.
You were talking about the fact that as the people were holding hands
jumping out the windows of the World Trade Center
so they wouldn't kill the other way by the flames,
that as that was going on, the dictate was coming from the White House
and from the Pentagon, pin it on Iraq,
while the people were still dying in the World Trade Center.
Oh, they couldn't have cooked this up ahead of time.
Could they?
You mean to say we've had almost 2000 Americans killed over there
and over 100,000 Iraqis?
Because this was all cooked up ahead again by Bush and his,
Neocons, Wolfowitz and Coral,
Shanie and Libby,
or is that the right way to maniacs all these Nazis?
So that's the thing I love about this documentary
is that they don't pull any punches.
I mean, it's just like that Norman Mealer clip
that we played earlier.
That's just the beginning and they escalated from there
and of course it all happens to be true.
And any of you out there that is still supporting this fascist regime,
you people need serious help.
They should take away your voting card.
They should take away your...
Oh, yeah, I was going to say take away your passport.
You do realize of course that this president never had a passport
until he was elected?
No, I don't.
Never had a passport?
You want to know why?
Because he never went anywhere.
Right, no, that doesn't surprise me.
Never went anywhere.
Never had a passport.
Didn't know the names of half of the world leaders,
which I remember that interview.
Only half of them.
I'm talking about Musharraf.
He said, oh, that's a general guy over there.
I don't think of his name right now, but he's a general.
A general what?
General pain in the ass.
You know, our good friends, the packies,
who are busy helping us spread all that to Newcomeran.
You mean that?
Big Tate technology.
Did you call Taney a name?
26 past 11.
We're going to get some great calls between now until you'll see.
Just rule along, man.
Just rule with it all through the summertime.
Just rule with the punches.
That's what I say.
Big H.
Gozen.
I just heard it.
See, that wasn't good.
Let's try another one.
Big H.
Gozen.
Yeah, now we're talking.
By the way, do you know the story of the word in a spot
that we clearly know I spoke to?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yeah.
These people, they don't like the Isle Brothers, Keith and Carl.
Shame on you.
Your taste and music is in your toast just like a lot of you
with your taste with vanilla ice cream.
20,000.
No.
That's okay.
Big H.
We'll help you.
We'll help you.
We'll help you.
Oh, sports radio by 60.
Q AM.
Get in stick it.
All right.
Hey, there we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Lance, a few Jean Thomas.
Friend of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's lots of people's I did.
They think just of I spoke a little marijuana when I said cottage.
Yeah, they weren't everybody.
They enjoy.
Well, maybe a cigar, I know, remember.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There we are.
I mean, don't get.
And I told get to the East.
I don't get to the West.
Oh, and I don't get why I look up San Bernardino.
Oh, yes.
I'll be talking.
Let's go buried one.
That's I word gay.
O'Connor, man.
She's a step-in-down, which opens up the door for in this business about let's put Alberto Jose
him and his Gonzalez in there.
So that every crime of punishment will be the same.
It'll be torture on the rack.
Right.
That'll be for the trial.
That's just for G. Walking for starters.
Anyway, 1132, a Q.M.
Oder's up.
President is going to Denmark to thank the Danes.
Of course, he's never been there before.
I'm sure I'm a copet-a-gan.
Maybe go to Tivoli Gardens.
That'd be a good place for him.
They can explain all in a little kitty-ride-stem.
John Ashcroff may have departed from the department.
This is a Patrick Moore news day.
John Ashcroff may have departed from the Department of Justice, but under the direction of his successor,
Alberto Gonzalez, his morality crusade continues.
Just like this thing with the B.D. Curtin, that we can't put pictures on anymore.
Because if you have them pictures on there, you have to have on a file proof of age of the whoever the picture person is on there.
At the time, the picture was taken.
You have to have like 85 pieces of proof, shoe size, ID, et cetera, and so on.
Or your ass goes right to jail.
And since Eric didn't want to go to jail, by B.D. Curtin, we're sorry we apologize, but too bad.
In fact, that much rather have you look at the world of court in the bush than some newty picture.
Under the guise of regulatory powers, the department is planning a punitive and ideologically motivated assault on the adult entertainer.
In the same industry, a legal challenge last month to lead the onset.
But justice is hoping later this year to begin forcing a host of regulations so unhonorous that they may represent the end of pornography as a viable business in America.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Regardless of one's feelings about adult entertainment, the situation is a disturbing illustration of a larger trend in the Bush administration.
The use of regulatory powers to advance a conservative moral agenda.
Part of a revision to the child protection and obscenity enforcement act of 1988,
the new regulations were quietly published last year and targeted seemingly mundane part of the porn business record keeping.
While huge corporations such as Time Warner make a hefty private broadcasting adult entertainment,
porn is largely produced by smaller entities with often operating without even an office, kind like caliber in the A Bahamas.
Individuals and small companies producing adult entertainment will be devastated by new regulations requirement to provide copies of government issued IDs for performers retroactive to 1995.
In addition, these small producers, perhaps operating out of a garage or second bedroom, will need to have a public office open at least 20 hours a week where their records are available for inspection.
The largest target for the new regulation is Internet porn.
The free speech coalition, which is legally challenging the regulations, estimates that 50% of websites carrying adult content will be shut down by the rules because they don't have sufficient records.
The Internet has long been the bait and war in an American culture war because it is so difficult to regulate now, the Bush administration has found a way to potentially eliminate half of the cyber space if fines objectionable.
One can understand that the government wants to ensure that porn performers are of legal age, however these regulations ensure no such thing.
In fact, several lawsuits involving underage performers, the miners have provided government issued IDs to producers.
As we're learning in terms of both national security and immigration, government IDs are easily obtained, easily falsified.
A demanding proof of age for performers who are clearly 30 or 40 years old seems less about protecting children than about punishing an industry that government deems immoral.
By focusing on regulatory enforcement, the Department of Justice cannot can't legally avoid repression adult entertainment on the basis of content knowing that the first amendment presents a challenge that probably cannot be overcome.
But the effect, suppression of protected speech, whether or not it's deemed obscene, is achieved outside the normal checks and balances of American government.
The Bush administration has a track record of attempting to regulate morality behind the smoke screen of law enforcement, bureaucratic rules and scientific research.
These efforts are often focused on unpopular issues where the administration is fairly certain that public opinion will provide protection regardless of the ethics involved.
Few citizens in an increasingly conservative America will fight to protect the constitutional rights of pornographers.
AIDS is another example. For seven years now, researchers applying for national institutes of health grants to study AIDS have been told to remove references to gay men, even though they continue to represent the majority of cases here in the US.
And famously, the Bush administration has touted its compassion for those dying of AIDS in Africa, even while it's a nice fun to organizations that offer reproductive health services or stress condoms over abstinence.
All of these efforts represent the promotion of a conservative, often religious viewpoint through use of executive powers, circumventing the proper constitutional process.
The Bush administration is displaying the very abuse of powered rails again in so-called activist judges.
The suppression of the porn industry may not stir patriotic outrage in most Americans, but the manipulation of regulatory powers to support a moral agenda should.
Will it? No. No.
One thing about America, you're right-hand, you're going without a whimper, and you want to know why? Because there's only two things we're concerned about.
One is Tom Cruise, and the second one is safety, safety, safety.
Sure was awfully convenient that the terrorist attack took place this at the time when they were like fraughting into mouth as a great excuse to do the Iraq attack.
We're not a convenient excuse? Sure. All you... What a lucky piece of timing. Yeah, look. Yeah.
Jerry Amidator's brain suits out there. Let's see. He's recommending Bush's brain. Yeah. Got it.
He says, hi, I missed the first party you showed today, so I don't know if you mentioned the documentary Bush's brain.
It's an 80-minute documentary based on the book. They're running it on the Sundance Channel.
It's a profile of Carl Rowe from his days as a young Republican in college up until now.
It doesn't really tell most of us anything we don't know about this power hungry sinister man.
They're running it again on 130 PM July 6th. That sounds like tomorrow, Jerry. Then I won't be working tomorrow.
They're running it again on 3 PM Friday July 15th. I found it very interesting, especially as early days in Texas politics.
If you already discussed this, please disregard the facts as Jerry Amidator's brain.
No, I didn't discuss that, but I discussed much more importantly to me and much more.
It's just absolutely vital. It lays it out so brilliantly, so well, so honestly, so openly here for you.
And then of course they interspersed some of these... Some of the people are part of the problem, like Frank Carlucci, Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi.
There's Frank Carlucci at the Carlisle Group. And who the hell is that speech writer David Frum, oh brother.
Hey, where are you from David? Man, I just see him and I get spilky just from seeing his face. He makes me want to puke.
And they, you know, listen to their propaganda. They interspersed through there and then just rib my ass rightfully so.
I want you to queue up that thing again, the beginning.
Okay, I have to play the... I pause it where it was, but I pause it where it was, but I can queue up the thing.
No, no, I want to keep... I want to play the Norman Miller thing again. I can't quite a couple of others.
In fact, maybe you ought to play a few minutes of it. He's kind of an incentive for people. All you got to do is go to nirragers.com.
It's nice right at the top there in pink. By the way, downloads quickly and starts playing right away.
Immediately if not sooner, that's right. Part one and part two. It's a two-hour documentary from the Passion Diome of the CBC.
Who's the one?
Sorry.
Of course. That's okay. It's very informal.
It's very informal. It's a middle of the summer.
Well, let's see. Here's some possible explanations as this. Thanks about the preponderance of votes for Neil Stason Music.
I voted that choice not for what you like, but for some of the stuff you don't like.
Well...
CKLW is to do.
Oh! I'm dying out of here.
Don't add, yeah.
Right over.
Yeah.
I'll see him, Elmo.
No, no, no, no.
No, Elmo, today, by the way, we got bowling, no, Elmo.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
What?
What?
What?
What?
Go, go, go, go, go.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Now, oh.
Oh, you got the first one, right?
Do fairly.
Watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, solid.
I think we'll get a weathery towards you.
Do a racco-mock-up version.
So, right over, Elmo.
You're out of town.
Anyway, FPS is, it's true that George W. Bush had no passport before coming present.
Like, we don't know that.
I just got through saying that.
Thank you very much, but I think you're repeating what I just got through saying.
He's repeating what I just got through saying.
Yeah.
Like, if I wanted to, you know, I'd get a minor bird, a parrot, a cockatoo, something like that.
19 till noon at QAM.
When it comes to it, it's English.
It makes me a Roger, he'll Roger, he'll be James.
440 or 560.
She's right here.
Anybody has a opinion?
The 17th from our way.
You make your name into the system.
And in the me of your state.
Don't even bother to question.
There's a lot of things.
Everybody's sending bad news.
There's a lot of US news.
In the act of history.
There was a lot of you.
Everyone got the suspicion.
So what, what you knew.
This got this formation.
Under your mightless news.
In poor struggle and nation.
That's a USA.
You gotta hate those two.
Or, and Clinton give our rose to.
Believe everything we carry.
Under state run news.
Bloodwater for corporate.
We love your escondes.
A roof in rainy bush venue.
That's a USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by trade.
No, it's not snow big.
All the other insane things.
The tax of the arid can wait.
Everybody's earning taxes.
Taxes USA.
Whatever happened to Terry and her.
That's your lot more important than this crap you're talking about.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
Here's something that's more important than any of it in Jacksonville.
This story, even as silly as it is.
This story should give you a real good idea about what's happening in your America.
You know what I said?
Right next to Uranus.
Wait a minute.
Here's a fact that says Jesus asked.
Is it true?
I did not say it is true.
Why?
I guess that refers to another fact.
Okay.
Don't get all the facts.
We appreciate it was a good fact.
I just pointed out that I already said that Bush didn't have a passport when he's elected president.
It was true.
That's fine.
Why didn't you even send that to me?
You're just trying to be agitating?
No, I just wanted to show you what's kind of nitpickers we have.
How to crap that we get?
Just like the lady.
We get one lady caller.
Probably the only one will have all week long.
And she calls coming to pool.
She's so boring.
You're boring.
Your life must be pretty exciting.
If you take the time to call me, it's only you don't like the pool.
I had a comment about that I could use back in the day, but you would definitely raise four eyebrows if I said it about pools.
But nevertheless, you're doing...
Jacksonville.
A church is asked for a citywide ban on low-hanging pants and gold cap teeth, saying they promote a thuggish image.
You ready for that?
What is the National Dress Code Guide coming out?
Friday.
Changing the image of young people could help Jacksonville cut unemployment, racial profiling and raising the...
Sorry.
Cut unemployment, racial profiling and a rising per capita murder rate, which is now the highest in the state, said Richard Burton, Deacon of a Piffany Baptist Church.
You show me a Deacon, a preacher, a rabbi, and I'll say, I'm moving like that.
You're talking crazy people, okay?
People peddle in poison.
Pick your poison, like I said before.
Pick your poison.
Because in the end, you're going to be in a box in the ground, okay?
A 250-member independent Baptist church approved the resolution last month.
They're tired of seeing kids underwear said Burton also serves on the NAACP's National Board.
Well, I got a solution for that.
Make underwear illegal.
You can be arrested for looking too much, okay?
Yeah, they can't be underwear illegal, okay?
They didn't just see their...
Right.
Michael's not tired of looking at kids underwear.
Jacksonville City officials have yet to take up the measure although councilwoman Elaine Brown said she was going to discuss it with church members.
Others were less encouraging.
I think it's unenforceable councilman Daniel Davis told the Florida Times Union.
Doval County public schools have band-sagging pants and exposed underwear but not removable gold or silver teeth caps?
When you come to school every day, you're going to have to like flash your teeth, okay, or flash something.
Dennis say the caps can help breed tooth rotting bacteria.
Oh no!
A proposal to ban exposed underwear harbor died in the Florida legislature this spring.
They took it up in the legislature, a band to...
Oh, sorry, I'm joking.
I will give you a show.
What are you eating now?
B.L.P.
Oh, how is...
Thanks, how is...
And addition lawmakers in Louisiana and Virginia failed the ban exposed underwear.
This is what the religionists are looking at favoritously right now.
What's in your pants?
What's in your mouth, okay?
And of course in some cases it may be a little slop over there.
Anglo French, this is a great story.
This is so amusing and so great.
Anglo French tensions heightened last night after Jacques Chirac delivered a series of insults to Britain as London and Paris fought to secure the 2012 Olympic Games
and faced fresh disagreement at the G8 summit.
The president, chatting to the German and Russian leaders in a Russian cafe, said,
the only thing that British have ever given to the European farming is Mad Cow.
Then like generations of the French people before, we also poked fun at British cuisine.
You can't trust people who cook as badly as that, he said,
after Finland it's the country with the worst food.
But what about hamburgers, said Vladimir Putin, the Russian president referring to America?
All in all, hamburgers are nothing in comparison, Mr. Chirac said.
Mr. Putin and Gerhard Schroder, the German Chancellor, laughed, Mr. Chirac then recalled our George Robertson,
the former NATO Secretary General and former Defense Secretary Antonio Blair's cabinet,
and once made him try an unappetizing Scottish dish, apparently meaning Haggis.
That's where our problems with NATO come from, he said.
Mr. Schroder and Mr. Poonting laughed again.
Unfortunately for the leaders, all of whom we guessed have written at the G8 summit opening in Glen Eagles tomorrow.
The remarks were recorded by a journalist without their knowledge and published in the French newspaper liberation.
Well, too bad, okay? The truth speaks for itself.
British cuisine, my ass.
Okay, a little clip, because I want you people to get on neo-radio.com.
I mean, where, look, we can say we're sping our wheels right now.
It's just like when we tried, I'm going to show violently to fight back on that sense,
and I'll pull back to the rest of the station, was mandated to give the other station about a three or four thousand vote lead.
Our management was busy wimping out.
Yeah, yeah.
What's your whims?
Why do we got that sound on the year all the time on this station?
Yeah, yeah.
Butch of crybabies.
Anyway, tonight on the Passion of Die.
This country will not be intimidated.
Many of the pronouncements made by this administration are outrageous.
There's no other word.
A film maker's explosive take on George Bush and his White House.
This administration has chosen to use the propaganda tools of Hitler and Goring and Gurbals.
Pundits from literature to the CIA all challenge the dubious backroom politics that have paved the way for the 43rd Commander-in-Chief.
It's starting to look like a third world for public, isn't it?
Banana public.
The passion is not.
Hello, I'm Nikaezan.
Welcome to the Passion of Die.
Tonight's film makes no apologies for wearing its grossly critical heart on its sleeve.
A world-winning French filmmaker William Carell takes relentless aim as the president and his closest advisors.
As with Michael Moore's a Fahrenheit 9-11, there's little territory left uncovered here.
The impact of the Christian right, the secret relationship between the Bushes and the Beladen family,
and the premeditated decision to go to war on Iraq.
Last season, the passion that I presented a film by William Carell called The Dark Side of the Moon,
a giant hoax about the US space program.
We think you'll agree that Carell's latest documentary, which focuses not on the lunar landscape,
but the American political landscape, reveals an even more intriguing place.
Here is the world according to Bush.
For those of you who received honors, awards, and distinctions, I say well done.
And to the C-students.
I say you too can be president of the United States.
You have the worst president in America's history.
He's ignorant.
He's arrogant.
He's stupid and always but one, which is he's immensely shrewd about the American people,
particularly the less intelligent half of America, because they're very happy with him,
in that they realize how stupid he is, and they say to themselves, wonderful,
if that stupid guy can be president so can I.
We have elected a puppet for president.
Actually, we didn't elect him.
He was appointed.
His brother, Jeb, stole 50,000 votes in Florida, and his father's supreme court appointed him.
You know, if God has spoken to you and said you're going to be president,
you're going to worry about court decisions or retounce or things like that.
All right, so he became president, but he didn't know why.
And on September 11th, he discovered why.
In January 2001, George W. Bush left his native Texas for Washington.
He had just won the most controversial and muddled election in American political history.
I was not a sad time.
I can't sit off the right now.
I should be a little tease.
Maybe you want to like cue it up till like later on, and then say,
why do you feel like a little tidbit of star?
To see if we can motivate some of these people to get off their ass.
I would like it to solid hours, but you can watch as much as a little, you know,
at a time as you want.
And it downloads immediately on real player and watch it like, you know, in two seconds, right?
Yes, it does.
There's tropical storm Dennis, which for some strange reason they have that thing over Florida,
that big wide cone.
Oh my god.
If that cone anywhere near Florida, it's going right through Nolines.
And that's God punishing all them drugs in Orleans, by the way.
Here's a fact from Eric, who says, I don't know if I would call this a gremot.
I just can't believe that Bush is ever going to be impeached.
I don't think there's even a remote possibility that ever happening.
I wish that weren't the case, but it's the pathetic truth.
And all I can say Eric is you probably are.
That's so real, look at that.
What it comes to sports.
It's really a sport.
It's supposed to be your bike to see you in a scene where you...
Jamie, I like to relax by having very magnetol in massage my balls.
I listen to the Nolines welcome one hour.
I'm living in a cave.
And of the A and A, since my father is gay, he's gonna tell us all with the scene and say,
don't wild fun.
Don't wild fun.
Don't wild fun.
Not to be open through, but with best for you, in the cracks of the cracks of the cracks
with the chews.
A silver point is that we watch a number of years kids on the internet as he honoured their
big, son of wild fun.
I feel it every night on wild fun.
They're gonna make you choose what you can hear and feel.
He's a man of the boys' soft, darn wild fun.
His bloody tongue's too late.
Sam's on her brown back should be locked away.
Slannick's any bare back on a wild fun.
Oh, wild fun.
Oh, it's Christian, Donald, wild fun.
He's a broken, long night game stop son.
He's fighting for low load, wherever it's done, wild fun.
What do you think, this Sam have a brown back?
It's a 12.0205 60 WDQAM.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm making a point.
No, I know what you're talking about.
What?
What you were talking to Josh about during the break.
Oh yeah, it's a story going to take care of that.
Yeah, they're gonna edit it out right now.
Yeah, that's probably a really good idea because that's the second time I heard it.
And they can do whatever they want the other 20 hours today.
I don't want to be responsible for irresponsible people, okay?
And the name of making a quick buck.
Okay, you may need to actually grave robbers at Beasley, all right?
It's interesting.
If we even suggest, if we make a raspberry sound and somebody wants to interpret it in the party.
Oh, you're in big trouble, Mr. You're farting on here.
And I thought there's anything wrong with that, of course, of course.
But if in the name of making a quick buck, they can put something on here that very clearly, well, nevertheless.
I'm certainly glad they're gonna be taking care of that.
And you'll notice what I don't want to go into specifics, but you'll notice what it's in.
And with grave robbers, United Church of Christ, Backscale Marriage.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The United Church of Christ rulemaking body voted overwhelmingly as today to approval resolution that endorses same-sex marriage,
making it the largest Christian denomination ever to do so.
I think them Christian Zionists are right.
We're going to hell in a hand casket.
The vote is not binding on individual churches, but could cause some churches to leave the fold.
La Caja folds.
Roughly 80% of the members of the church's general, Sinada voted to approve the resolution.
They've been there for about an hour before voting.
I mean, why do you folks need to go to church?
What's the point?
I'd like to be a member of the ELX, the FOP, the, what are some of the other ones?
A club.
The Masons, member Perry?
Yeah, sure.
On Sunday, a committee of about 50 United Church of Christ representatives gave nearly unanimous approval of the resolution.
Recommended that the general Sinada approve it.
It was supported by the UCC's president, John H. Thomas.
I wonder if he was related to John Boy, Richard Thomas.
Remember we're talking about him last week?
Yes, we were.
Traditionally strong in the wingman, and we're apologizing for it, by the way.
Traditionally strong in the wingman, the liberal denomination of 1.3 million members is long been supportive of gays and lesbians.
You're fair, right?
The committee also voted against an alternative resolution to finding marriages between one man and one woman.
A small group of conservative congregations had proposed that amendment, and suggested that approval of gay marriage could lead to the church's collapse.
Wouldn't that be good?
Be ready.
The church was criticized last year for its television advertising campaign featuring a gay couple among others being excluded from a church.
CBS and NBC rejected the 32nd egg.
FAST FURT MAN!
The P. on M.
In the early 1970s, the UCC became the first major Christian body to ordain an openly gay minister.
20 years ago, it declared itself to be open and affirming of gays and lesbians.
The same sex resolution was submitted by the Southern California Nevada Conference.
The resolution specified that bisexual and transgender persons may have the same support and protections as gays and lesbians.
No hard data exists on how many gays and lesbians are in the UCC.
No hard data, and no soft data either.
Here's a fact that says from a very chronic piece of handwriting here.
Although I agree that Bush is a terrorist and a crook and probably had knowledge of 9-11,
you must consider the source of that documentary posted on the website.
Nobody in this country will put credence in anything the French say.
Remember they hate us and we're even treating illegally with Sodom insane.
Keep up the good fire, lover.
Oh yeah, right. That must be it because it's a French producer, a world-renowned French producer who directed that piece.
Therefore, that means it must be jaded.
Well, watch it, okay. Watch the thing for two hours, and then tell me what you disagree with.
Okay, what's inaccurate?
And the hostess has a really thick French accent. Don't forget that.
I queued it up to another, you know.
Well, let's hear it.
He's the spoiled child of a rich family.
And while he was growing up, he had an awful lot of fun,
a lot of parties, a lot of girls, a lot of alcohol, normal story.
At a certain point, he had a religious experience.
God spoke to him and said, prepare yourself.
I have a mission for you. And he stopped drinking. And he stopped volunteering.
He considers he turned himself around because of religion.
And he deals with a lot of very conservative people.
And they truly believe that they're right.
In an interview with an Austin newspaper, George W. Declared,
I'm invested with a divine mission to promote a biblical world view in the policy carried out by the USA.
David Frum Bush's speech writer witnessed the president in the Oval Office,
telling members of Protestant congregations how God had saved him from booze.
He said, you know, I shouldn't be here. I should be on a bar stool in Texas.
And I'm only here because of the power of prayer because I found God.
The religiosity has a genuine quality to it. It has affected his life.
He does feel it in a deep way.
And a lot of born-again Christians who have met with Bush come away believing he is like them.
He is them.
Everybody prays the first thing in the morning.
They're believers. They're believers.
And they pray in the White House.
Bush declared during his campaign that heaven is open only to those who accept Jesus Christ.
John Ashcroft, his attorney general, proclaimed, we have no king but Jesus.
At the White House, cabinet meetings took on an air of prayer meetings where in between readings from the old and new testaments,
those in the room managed the affairs of America and the world.
Oh my God.
And I entered the West Wing. The very first thing I heard said was you were misted Bible study.
Because they would have, even Geolacles had a weekly Bible study, they had Christian fellowship.
And the religion was very important to that staff and very important to that presidency.
I think Bush over does the religious aspect. It makes me uneasy and I think it makes many Americans uneasy.
It is not true that George Bush goes down on his knees and asks God what should I do?
The idea that God gives him every morning an agenda.
No, George Bush does not think like that. But he finds his source of strength in a religious way.
I mean, this administration, co-toes to religion, to extreme religion, bushes strongest, his base,
his strong base is the religious conservative right wing.
Agnacatsia who lives in Memphis is a Christian Zionist.
He withdrew his support from George W because he rejects Dick Cheney as a suitable vice president.
His reasoning is quite surprising.
Bush says that he is against homosexuality. Yet he picked a vice president whose daughter is a lesbian.
Now, I tell people, I said, I'm not blaming the father for that, but George Bush knew that when he picked him.
And so, during the Republican convention, I was played over and over that lesbian girl.
And she's seen all over the country. People know that.
All of this is disturbing to many people, but it happens to be a fact that the president is part of the Christian right.
The founder of the moral majority, Jerry Fowell, blamed Pagan's, Gays and Lesbians according to him responsible for the September 11 attacks.
Bush declared, let us ask for God's wisdom and presence in what we are undertaking.
This crusade, this war on terrorism, is going to take a while.
The Christian right has its own foreign policy, support for Israel because they know how to fight.
And also because there's a distinct anti-Muslim bent among these people.
The Muslim Christians don't know.
They believe in God and they believe in a mission. They believe in a crusade against evil.
I think Muhammad was a terrorist. He read enough of his life, written by both Muslims and non-Muslims that he was a valiant man of war.
If we are in harmony with God, then we should love people.
If Islam is in contact with some spiritual force as they claim to be, would that spiritual force want to annihilate everyone that disagreed with him?
Well, that would be another Hitler, a white supremacist. I mean, this is terrible thought.
I don't hate the Arab people. I got Arab friends. I love them. But I'm a Bible believer.
And see, God gave that land to Abraham to the Jew. And I usually appreciate saying that every grain of sand on that little piece of geography called Israel belongs to the Jewish people.
That's not for that word. He's a Christian Zionist, by the way. He loves Israel. I love the Jewish people.
He's the ones that are going to step Jesus when he makes them know that they can't refuse.
I thought Israel was a descendant of Abraham too.
Oh my goodness.
If you want to know a lot more about the people who are behind and supporting and part of this whole government you got right now, just watch deliverance.
That's all you need to do.
So as we're right, Josh got to see that now we can understand his government at work a little bit better.
12 minutes past noon at 560 W.M. due to popular demand, David Rich, the vice president and GM of Armstrong Ford,
a homestead has extended his low price guarantee that he'll beat the competition with the lowest prices on every four to in stock.
And David puts the money behind his promise. David has an offer in an envelope along with $100 and cash.
Shop the competition. Then bring David their best deal. You opening envelope. If Armstrong Ford's deal doesn't beat the competition price, you keep $100.
It's that simple. Not only do you get the lowest price from Armstrong Ford, but you also get their exclusive unmatchable tires and batteries for life program.
So what you be waiting for pick up the phone now and call 305 24751 12 and ask for David Rich.
Remember Armstrong Ford homestead is locally owned and operated. They treat you like family.
You will get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no phone details.
So declare your independence from high prices right now save thousands at Armstrong Ford homestead.
You'll find them at 307 25 South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 36.
Give David Rich a call 305 24751 12 and ask for their neodyal for Glowis price guarantee or check them on the web at armstrongcars.com.
Grab a little and save you thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
When it comes to sports, we are the authority.
Spend you a piece of me. She will get a very good girl.
In American God who only listen to the message from the Uber God will have their tables hogged line.
Have the troops come home dead. They find a comfort of the night.
I'm under the bed. I never served in armament. I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the TV bar from Liverpool. I, under the cover you'll discover.
Tom of Bixie Street. There would prepare to have some other do the fighting for play.
Now this country I love is hockey playing all right. And all the suckers like me,
whose necks are red in the back have our tongues all placed firmly in bush.
You big brown eye the big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow.
Reckoning up the sound of two afraid to fire or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist and my flat will slide.
From the back of my truck knocking idiotic, pseudo patriotic, double size.
And my view of the whole wide world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior. You know it's better than you.
I'm an in bread jerk who parrots anything they say don't have a reader or a search. It's so much easier this way.
You watch TV or looking pictures. You wish it today.
With my I made just apple sizes as I tickle my brain.
And I'm go say I'm too afraid to fight or enlist, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I roll my fly.
So I can pull on my. This long advice. You proud they show the swatzik of that cute on my.
That's the right. The sawdust are our best friends in the world. Not those I racked his or she.
You fairly. Yeah, I'm an armed carer warrior. You know better than you.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
From 1965 60 WQM happy to do TV got both from all the two more for your money.
I'm at the four marlins on decades history. 705. It's your Milwaukee. I mean, your Florida, Marlon's hosting them.
Milwaukee brewers and then any K after the baseball game.
Milwaukee brewers and time and I bet you're all going to be pack it up a whole bunch of stuff and flock over to ballpark.
Right. That's right. No rain today. It's been high the last couple days and sunny and hot hot.
Is hell go but area swatzik. I'm a big mosquitoes ones are as big as bowling balls have yourself.
That's right. Oh mosquito. You said Marlon's better get it in the gear. Okay. Now is the time to crank it up a little bit boys.
I mean down Charles kicking ass. He's 13 wins, but nevertheless.
Then they lose to the brewers yesterday. I do believe I just did it. It's bad. You want to lose to a horseball team like that.
Firefighters soaked a twin engine commuter airplane with fire suppressing foam today after a passenger.
What is all after a passenger said fire flare out of an engine is the aircraft prepared to take off. This is in Fort Lauderdale.
These six passengers in two crew were safely evacuated from the continental connections flight, which is bound for a key western Fort Lauderdale around 1020 this morning.
Well this I'm telling you this on central website. They don't waste any time. You know what they don't.
Firefighter said the beef craft 19 was taxing to the runway nine left. Oh runway nine left is Tony cigarette.
I would tell you like all of us who've been in South Fort a long time. No the numbers and the names of all the Tony or a silly person.
Man, you're a silly goose when the crew heard popping noises and the passenger.
The port of the fire number two engine number two engines on fire.
The Apollo pulled over and radioed for help as firefighters race to the plane. The crew opened the door and calmly lowered the ladder and evacuated everybody.
There was no fire at this point, but firefighters, the engine with foam just in case just to be on the safe side.
The passengers and crew are brought back to the terminal to wait another flight. The cause of the incident remains under as it always says in every one of these thinking stories under investigation.
So it's an accident but nobody got hurt. Wait till you're this story. It's going to raise up. What you're going to buy into this.
You're going to say have been telling this for years. I probably should pass on this. I've been telling you this for years.
It's not about a story. Is it? This is in the New York Times. No, this is about to buy sexual men. Oh, you're gay.
Straight or lying is some put it research looked at gendered or rousal patterns in men. Some people are attracted to women. Some are attracted to men and some if sigma Freud, Dr Alfred Kinsey and millions of self described bisexuals are to believe are drawn to both sexes.
By the way, you don't have to keep changing what I said just because you lost that argument. I'm doing your favor here. Okay. I'm reading this story, but you can't you can't leave well enough alone.
You just have to keep digging even though of course you're full of crap and you're right. You have no idea what you're talking about. He can't you what I said. That's all right.
What did you say? I said that you never had sex with a straight guy. That's what I said. Not true. Okay. But a new study cast out of whether to buy and not or that. What's it to you?
You're right. I know it was so important. I would have shut up. There you go. But a new study cast out of whether true bisexuality exists at least in men.
See, I'm reading your right right right down your garden path there and you just hold sure of it. I believe I remember junior now.
If you let me continue, maybe you might find something of her or not, but it'll kill some good time.
The study by a team of psychologists. Oh, well, Tom Cruise can tell you all about that. A time to ferry.
Team of psychologists in Chicago and Toronto. Lens support to those who've been long skeptical of bisexuality is a distinct and stable sexual orientation. This is in the Toronto star.
A people who claim bisexuality, according to these critics are usually homosexual, but are ambivalent about their homosexuality or simply closeted. You're either gay, straight or lying as some gay men have put it.
In the new study, a team of psychologists directly measured genital or rousal patterns in response to images of men and women.
These psychologists found that men who identified themselves as bisexual were in fact exclusively aroused by either one sex or the other, usually by other men.
You're ferry. The study is the largest of several small reports suggesting that the estimated 1.7 percent of men who identified themselves as bisexual show physical attraction patterns that differ substantially from their professed desires.
Professed being the operative word. Research on sexual orientation has been based almost in parallel on self-reports.
And this is one of the few good studies using physiological measures said Dr. Lisa Diamond by wonder if he knows Diane Diamond, I sure hope not.
I said Dr. Lisa Diamond and associate professor of psychology in gender identity at the University of Utah who was not involved in the study.
Several other researchers who have seen the study scheduled to be published in the journal Psychological Science which Tom Cruise definitely does not approve of said would need to be repeated with larger numbers of bisexual men before clear, before clear conclusions could be drawn.
Any experiment, psychologist at Northwestern University in Chicago and the Center for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto used ads in gay and alternative newspapers to recruit 101 young adult men.
33 identified themselves as bisexual 30, 30 men straight and 38 as homosexual attention men were held that they find 33 or 38. Let's say 30 is straight where they find 30 straight men in Toronto.
The researchers asked them and about their sexual desires and rated them on a scale from 0 to 6 on sexual orientation with 0 to 1 indicating heterosexuality and 5 to 6 indicating homosexuality gay.
Bisexuality was measured by scores in the middle range like a two or three or four. But the men in the study described themselves as bisexual did not have patterns of a rousal ever consistent with their stated attraction to men and to women.
Instead of a three quarters of the group had a rousal patterns, patterns identical to those of gay men, the rest were indistinguishable from heterosexuals. Since at least the middle of the 19th century behavioral scientists have noted bisexual attraction men and women in debated its place in the development of sexual identity, some experts like Freud concluded that humans are naturally bisexual.
In his landmark sexer, raised in the 1940s, Kinsey found many married public heterosexual men who reported having sex with other men. Males do not represent two discrete populations.
heterosexual and homosexual Kinsey wrote, the world is not to be divided into sheep and goats.
I agree with him. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats. He said sheep is sheepishly.
So what's the point?
So what's the point? That different strokes were different folks.
There you go. The point is what's it to you? Who cares?
I mean, don't label me. Don't label me. For anybody who says don't label me as you're fairy.
Don't label me. I have it in that all of them. Oh yeah. They're all gay.
Mark says, high-neil in George. Heard you talking about the live eight concert that took place over the weekend.
I had every intention donating 150 bucks to the cause. My mind was changed for me, the African rapper Zola, who demanded we, whoever we is, are obligated to donate based on the history of slavery.
With this, my wife and I used the money instead of treat our friends to stake dinner at Ruth Chris. Ask me if I feel guilty.
No. If you feel guilty, Mark? No. No. Good choice. Indeed. Yeah, good choice because we all know where that money is going to go.
It's not going to help anybody over there. It's just a dog and pony show. Right.
By a bunch of talk about people without a control of egos, this Bob Gildorf, man, he's just, he's a crazy person.
And then he'd go on and carry on about, oh, George W. Bush is the best president we ever had for Africa.
Look at all he's doing for them. Right. He is really doing it. We're going to play that bit where he talks about wanting to meet some dark folks someday one time.
We have it. You notice the black people in this cabinet have been condolese and coal and pile.
A roll in coal, by the way, really, really takes it big time in the document.
Does he? Yeah. Good. He should have been holding up that vile. That's one of the most vile things ever seen at the UN show the card to liar liar.
Your pants are on fire. Roll in coal and okay, sell out. There's a word sell out come to mind.
Huh? 27 past noon at QAM. Good life credit. Ask the question. You know what's on your credit report? If not, remember this number 8666250444.
It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit score and we all know the problems that come if you have a bad credit score.
And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report, you know what a pain that can be.
Good life credit is here to correct those errors. Good life credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you and there are no set of fees.
Good life credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. Right the letters of the scrap and season straight out any inaccuracies too.
So don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score before you visit the leadership for color.
You'll do do yourself a favor and call good life credit right now. The first 10 colors will get a 10% discount just tell me the deal.
So what's the deal for you to call the number again toll free is 1 8666250444. That's 8666250444 on the wicked web. It's good life credit dot com.
When it comes to enter to this. Please.
Personal.
Watch your.
4 3D will fight.
Q a.m.
It's 30 a day plus gas while I ran it. Linkin.
Cash or credit I drove up in the hill you want me shirts and the recall how it happened well it's the luck it still gives me.
What a weirdo followed my map of star how says and was shot to see.
Sitting on her front porch was and a lady.
A young.
I walked up like I knew her.
I saw her hesitate.
But the call started working then for her.
It was too late.
I was in my car.
Roll the windows down.
Now she was my queen and my neighbor.
I was in my car.
I was in my car.
I was in my car.
I was in my car.
I was in my car.
Garbage in proof has so much lots of energy.
The dog or the basket?
Baby, not your couple, missle.
That, that, toward a place we know.
Not a bear, Collarion.
And name a mad-a-fell.
I beg your pardon?
I said, you know, not a conference, Collarion.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, because you played two bits in a row.
You scared me.
A conference call?
Yeah, I didn't know if there was some issue going on.
What, what are you talking about?
When you played two bits in a row like that,
it means you're all that fun.
Well, I felt like, and I just, I was,
I was, I was reading about this sister.
Okay, I'm not gonna play that,
and I'll play that next break.
You just, the totally panicked man.
Yeah.
Jesus, what is your story?
Well, you played two bits.
Yeah, the first time I've done that.
Is that the first time I've done that, Josh?
At a while.
No.
No.
Every once in a while, if I'm with Strikes,
plus one is the fifth of July,
and it's the middle of the summer,
and there's nobody around.
It'll kill a couple of minutes later.
Plus, it fits in perfect like a door.
If the glove don't fit, then you're full of schmet.
Okay, you can play.
And I'll write this second.
Oh, man.
We had to interrupt that right in the middle of work.
We're just where he's gonna say his first name begins with,
or at that.
Which of you?
Look at that documentary, by the way.
You'll see the real great connection
between the Bin Laden family and the Bush family
for a long, long time at Carlisle Group.
And there's Frank Carlucci.
Coochie Coochie, his name's Carlucci.
He's another crook.
Yeah, he's a whole thing.
Yeah, he's a handsome thief's baby.
That's who runs America today in the world.
Crooks.
All about your crooks.
The bodies of two Navy SEALs have been found in Afghanistan
a week after the four-man team went missing.
The US military said today, more great news.
One seal remains missing.
Another was rescued.
It was expected to make a full recovery.
According to a statement from the US,
the coalition pressed in-information center.
And the beat goes on.
That was in Afghanistan, of course.
But nevertheless, are we doing some kind of a job?
No.
Or what?
No, we're not.
How we do with Mullah Bullah?
We got him yet.
No.
And Osama Yamano, any of those people.
How did he go in?
We got him yet.
No.
I just asked.
Just asking.
I'll allow it.
Well, they're no good targets in Afghanistan.
That's right.
I'm begging you.
I'm be teaching you.
So anybody out there, I mean, the bubble heads,
forget about you.
We understand.
You can't help yourselves.
OK, you are what you are.
But anybody with a half a brain,
take a look at that passionate eye documentary.
We got just click it right there at the top of our website,
neorodges.com.
Part one, part two, which is two hours, baby.
And it lays it all right out there for you.
And that jacket is sitting at the fax of older French.
Yeah, right.
French this.
And if you recall, wasn't it that North Carolina mugwap
or was it Virginia, for you, which state?
Makes no difference.
That introduced that resolution about changing the name of
French fries to freedom of fries.
Oh, yeah.
And all of a sudden, he said, guess what?
He's against the war and he changes mine.
He apologized.
How do you like that?
I think it was Virginia.
Well, whatever.
Whatever it is to make.
Once you get south of Pennsylvania,
it's all the same crap.
In fact, I've taken out south of Michigan,
which I realize sounds pretty ridiculous.
South of Michigan, at Ohio,
which Ohio is a little southeast.
But you can, I will draw the line for you.
OK, imaginary line.
OK.
You draw south of Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania.
And then just zip it right over the ocean.
And anything south of that is a Yahooville.
That's America.
That's Antonio.
That's Aintree.
Aintree is a lot bigger than you folks thought it was.
See, no wonder they got done in the woods up there.
They were getting punished for it being so stupid.
How can you miss some place so big as Aintree
when it's like about 200 million people?
Anyway, wherever it don't go, I ain't feeling it.
Yeah.
Man.
56670560, Pond 560, and they've Verizon's
Singular Wireless Line.
It was good that you like Interrupted there.
And then it let me play some of my bad music.
Martin Music, CKOW.
Dad, sucks.
I apologize up front.
Thank God they weren't in that concert all the weekend.
There's something wrong with the world today.
I don't know what it is.
Something's wrong with eyes.
I don't know what it is.
It's being a thing in a different way.
I got those that ain't used.
Showing those supplies.
Living on the edge of the wall.
I see I found this jingle and I put it in my motown.
What are my 80 million motown CDs?
I realize that many people like Motown because that's bad.
That's right.
That very gordy was probably a communist.
Come on, I got a jingle.
Let's see.
It would be good.
What starts out kind of like...
Well, that's not too bad.
All the way still dead.
CKOW motown sound.
CKOW motown sound.
Not strong.
Not strong enough.
Not strong enough.
Well, the only one that starts out really is spectacularly strong is...
CKOW motown sound.
Man.
Right?
Good.
KOW motown sound.
KOW motown sound.
KOW motown sound.
Now look at that.
get started doing that. I don't know for a while. It was there kind of had this
moments I liked it. It was a new time. Hey, Gully by the way beyond tomorrow afternoon and he was on
this morning which I'm sure most of you missed that. It's a 20-till-one at QAM.
BUY AND LOOK OFF Ah ah ah ah ah ah!
Oh, absolutely.
all understain.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Alcata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops, but special forces are
retired, jumping through them fools.
You don't need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Oh, right, Alcata needs a nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop to see food and blow up Pakistan?
I'm dying out of here.
Boat, boat, boat.
It's called 46.
14 to 1.
See we got it in there.
No problem.
Just give me a little preview before I guess.
Teezer.
570 votes.
If you like her teaser.
When I disagree with Neil most is, I agree on this is so ridiculous, but nevertheless,
thank you so much for her.
Lucky, lucky.
I got bad butt burn now.
Third degree.
I agree with Neil on everything 109.
His taste in music just sucks 104.
Okay, that's the wrong one.
The taste in music blows 104.
His taste in hot people 80, which I find most amusing.
Politics 64, especially when I think of some of the real mes broads that have been on it
that be the curtain thing over the years.
Oh, God.
Well, she got big boobs.
Okay, whatever you say.
Golf 61.
Did I say politics 64?
11%.
That's very sad.
Golf 61, religion 48.
His taste in ice cream 41, which I forgot to tell you that thing about the cold stone cream
read.
You see that story?
What about it?
I'll get to it.
NASCAR 29, everything he says 17, I disagree with.
Hey, it's 1247.
It's a Tuesday.
It was like that.
That is a great.
Rick sends his talent nine.
I know he had any.
And his time cruise gate only eight.
That's in last place.
Hey, Tommy.
You're fairly.
Yeah, it seems pretty unanimous.
See, the one thing about that is the more these fake romances that they keep staging and
the more these fake weddings and fake babies.
It just strains your credit, a credit, a credulity to the point where you don't have any.
Now, get back to the ice cream and speaking of my bachelorism or whatever it is, I thought
I was a good man.
I guess I didn't have it, huh?
No.
From the veg stables.
Yeah, you know, the slimy, there's nothing worse than a slimy pepper.
But anyway, last, I guess it was over the weekend.
Yeah, what was?
You must have missed a story about cold stone, which I didn't realize they were like nationwide
cold stone cream.
Okay, you know that?
No.
You know that Josh?
Oh, I think so.
There's plenty of them down here.
Nationwide, I said nation.
That's just Florida.
But anyway, so the point is that they had recalled their cake batter ice cream, huh?
Because again, evidently, the cake batter factor.
I don't want to use the wrong term because I don't know what the, it was better than they
wanted it to be.
Yeah, I don't know what the term is in terms of when that stuff is like raw eating like raw
cake batter.
Not good for you.
I like it.
People were giving me a little like that.
I don't know what you're making the cake batter out of because it can have that powdered
egg like you're talking about.
Okay.
And other things that shouldn't be raw.
Now, there are many things that shouldn't be raw.
And some of the questions about that.
And there's something that they've really ought to be, oh, not raw.
But anyway, the cake batter ice cream, I had it because I remember we had a caller.
Remember that?
Who called and he was raving about that flavor and how good it was?
He probably did now.
But I'm sure that he enjoyed it.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, we're just zipping right along here.
It's almost one o'clock.
I feel like we haven't even started yet.
And guess what?
We started and we haven't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and we've rising and singing to wireless live.
I'm surprised there is no more that they, you know, they disagree with.
But then again, there's nobody out there.
So what am I?
I'm just farting into a wind storm, Joyce.
Sorry.
Violently, of course.
I'm just just using into a fart storm.
WQIM, hello.
Yeah, what's up, Dr. Smith?
Speaking.
Hey, Nell.
Did you mention that movie War of the World today?
Did I mention it?
I mean, it's horrible.
Yeah.
And right away.
It's good and great review is most of them.
A lot of people say the ending is not the end.
Yeah, we're new on Regus, David.
4 out of 4 stars.
I mean, he's got to be assigned now.
OK, whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and we've rising.
I didn't know you were kind to Renee Richards.
Who?
Dominic Qion, hello.
I remember.
OK, that's it.
That takes care of the calls.
Boy, you were wrong.
You promised me a genuine great call.
Everybody said before the show, Josh, you said,
man, the phones are going to be smoking the phone.
They're on fire.
In fact, maybe the, in fact, maybe some of these people
have some of that cake batter ice cream.
And they're just taking a trip to the magic room
to kind of get it out of their system.
I mean, I don't want to alarm anybody.
But I hear it right there on, I think it was CNN, which
means that it might have had a little bit of a literally
two, probably not.
But anyway, they had recalled the cake.
They'll get the cake batter, OK?
I don't remember the two flavors I tried.
But oh, man, that stuff was just, I'm seemingly good.
Now, what was the other one?
Marvel Slab?
I don't know.
These are billboards, though, since you started talking
about it, I drove which one?
Billboard for Marvel Slab.
No, just the creamery itself, the place.
Do you understand what he just said?
He's talking about cold cold cold cold cold.
Yeah, that's a big board for them.
Right.
You know, the creamery.
They got a great product.
Why not?
They went and done.
Just don't get the cake batter, OK?
Creamery.
Just make sure it's well done.
Dominic Qion, hello.
It's like people that eat sushi, man.
I don't want something that's looking back at me.
I'll pass.
Q-I-M, go ahead.
Hey, I don't have sushi.
It depends what you eat, you know?
No, OK.
OK, I just called to let you know.
I think you've been interested in knowing that about one
third of my princesses per year, huh?
OK, and what was that?
Huh?
One third of what?
His don't done.
That means why didn't you even repeat it?
Because you asked.
Well, I didn't ask you to repeat it as you went.
You didn't say, you didn't.
A whole ass.
He didn't say, but a half an ass.
An appetizing, maybe.
Now, what was that story again about goats and sheep?
Kinsey said about goats and sheep.
And, ah, something like that.
Dominic Qion, hello.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
What do you got?
What's your schedule for this summer?
Because I'm sick of tuning in here.
And that don't George talking about.
Well, I'm tuning in.
And then just tuning out.
Went in to tune in, OK?
You don't like George, you know, we hate you.
Like poison.
How do you like that?
We're just one big, happy family on this show.
And all you mouth contents that work across the street,
is your mama, OK?
You can, you can phone me up.
Any billion votes there on the newspaper
and sit there and tap it out all day long.
It don't impress us, OK?
Don't impress us that much.
I remember that Clinton bit we're going to play.
They don't impress us much.
You don't impress us, Daniel Abaston,
with an ego the size of Virginia.
Oh, my God, size amount of Rushmore.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that by the end of this weekend,
they're going to be taking a full one.
Daniel Abaston, it's picture on Mount Rushmore,
along with OJ Toast and Spinach and Juicet
and I'm letting Frittata.
Let's get them all on there.
Look for it right for the burrito.
See, you can't talk yourself into something, OK?
You can succeed in life, but you can't talk yourself into it.
You can't keep doing yourself.
It's like if you're a schlepper,
it's got like 40 bucks in the bank in your whole lifetime.
You can't talk yourself into being a millionaire, OK?
Jordan?
Dominic Q.A. Ann, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know what's so funny about this town
cruise, so co-consversely?
Yeah, yeah.
It's like they're doing him a harder time
than the mission that is pushing the destroyer, right?
Jordan?
No, they're giving him more time.
That's the point.
That's the point.
They're giving him a hard time.
They're giving him more air time.
Well, of course, how about the runaway bride?
How about all the scrap?
How about that missing bimbo in a rubah?
Right.
How about Terry and her shoe?
It was almost like alien all over again
that Terry and her tube crap.
True.
They're afraid to discuss real issues.
Right.
Can you play something for me?
Jordan pointed a couple weeks ago.
Jordan pointed out better than not.
Well, it's bushing and I want a soldier or something
like that, or I mean the soldier.
You have a patient.
What is your call?
OK, I need some soldiers.
OK, thanks, Connie.
I need some soldiers.
I don't have the soldiers.
35, yeah.
Oh, I don't have.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Now they know where it is.
I need some soldiers.
We need more boys to beat in them,
homers you, end you, and we're having trouble.
Ray, crew, and crew, and you want to learn to be salute.
Salute and join the army.
And we'll give you a free haircut.
The military needs a new person.
Her sense of queuation is urgent.
Urgent.
There ain't no shortage of insurgents.
Surgeon.
I saw that better.
Ask you before I have to draft you.
If you're living in the hood, we'll
be looking for you.
Get off the street and put on some fatigues.
I need some soldiers.
Join up.
Oh, pretty please.
You'll get a cool pair of boots that are totally free.
If you're fresh out of school, you
won't find a job that army is fun.
And we'll give you a gun.
I need some soldiers.
Drop down and give me 20.
We'll sign you up today.
Just be sure you're not gay.
I need some soldiers real bad.
Ray, rap, we need you in Iraq.
We need some soldiers right now.
Where you at?
Where you at?
Who wants to go fat for me?
In Iraq.
In Iraq.
It's a 255 at 560, WNQ.
And we got both from Moe to the south noon.
No Moe.
No, no, no, no.
I week long, which is kind of like a little bonus for the audience,
I would think.
Not that we don't love Moe, but it just, you know, absence makes the heart grow.
No, no, no, no.
They go to Fonderd.
And then we got Mad Dog, Jim Mandage, head for Marlins on Dec. 630.
The breweries in town of Playton, Marlins.
I keep repeating that and hoping that maybe somebody would go out there.
You think they will?
No.
Probably not.
And then we got Eddie Kaye after the ballgame.
Don't forget tonight's a great night to bring some Brawlers to the ballpark for
Josh and the broadcast crew.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why not?
I thought we were giving up on that.
Or, well, that guy Troy's listening.
That's the only guy.
What a brilliant order.
And what a balance for life.
In fact, they're so desperate.
They'll even take somebody at great Baba Ghanouche.
But it comes as sports.
Not leaving a sport.
Supposed when you'll buy a sexy machine, you'll see where you get.
Not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Huh.
Oh, man.
How do you like that?
Does that kind of have sound ?
No, I don't know, no.
I'm listening to you both.
How about a slip and fall would be good?
We love listening to you both.
You will always make us so glad that we left our home land.
It really is so much better away from Miami anywhere.
Say, Mary Kent.
God bless you and that's the course.
Say, oh, God.
Mary and Ken, good luck to you.
You'll need it.
And that's good.
See, they're honest people there.
They got out of the right, out of the home.
They're jealous.
Here's another fact that says, please put hockey on your pool.
OK.
PS Aerosmith Rules.
One, there you go.
Oh.
We got it on that case.
P-K-L-W.
Go.
Mm-mm.
Say, oh, that's my bad.
It's all good.
It's all good.
I shouldn't done it.
Listen, cue it up.
We'll wait.
Back, back, back, back.
Back, back, back.
One more, one more, one more.
One more, one more, one more.
C-K-L-W.
Go.
I hit the cue at a stop there.
I know.
It was more fun that way.
Oh.
Hey, Elton, you failed.
You failed.
See, that's more than that Fag music, I like, I'm sorry.
It's four minutes after one and five.
Who's that guy on CNN, man?
He looks almost human.
Campolulu.
He's talking about, he's at a rubble, by the way.
Holloway's mother lashes out at the freed suspects.
They're in Dutch.
I talked about those Dutch tonight.
How did I warn you for a long time about them?
For years now.
Look out now.
George McClure writes in the Denver Post,
this is good.
Another liberal column, right?
The mainstream media in this country
are dominated by liberals.
I was informed of this fact by Rush Limbaugh and Thomas Soul
and Anne Coulter and Rich Lowry and Bill O'Reilly
and William Sapphire and Robert Novak and William F. Buckley
Jr. and George Will and John Gibson and Michelle Melkin
and David Brooks and Tony Snow and Tony Blankley
and Fred Barnes and Britt Hume and Larry Cudlow
and Sean Hannity and David Horowitz and William Crystal
and Hugh Hewitt and Oliver North and Joe Skurbor
and Pat Buchanan and John McLaughlin and Cal Thomas
and Joe Klein and James Kylpatrick
and Tucker Carlson and D. Roy Murdock and Michael Savage
and Charles Crodhammer and Steven Morden and Alan Keys
and Gary Bauer and Morton Kondraki and Andrew Sullivan
and Nicholas Von Hoffman and Neil Kabuto and Matt Drogge
and Mike Rosen and David Coppel and John Caldera.
Hey, where's G. Gordon Litty?
The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals.
For instance, you know there's an ultra-lectic professor
at the University of Colorado named
Ward Church Hiller wrote an essay three years ago
in which he called the victims of 9-11 little Ikemans
that you never heard of him as the liberalist
to put the kabosh on embarrassing stories like this.
The mainstream media in this country are dominated
by liberals, looking how they all gave Bill Clinton
a pass on the harmonica Lewinsky affair.
Remember, it was never in the news.
We never heard of any of these salacious details.
The work of his presidency never came to a virtual halt
while he defended himself.
The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals.
They are so poisoned and electorate
that no Republicans can get elected.
Republicans don't control the presidency.
They don't control both houses of Congress.
They don't control 28 or 50 governorships.
Last year, a lot was made up a report released
by the Pew Research Center for the People in the Press.
The report found that 34% of national journalists
identified themselves as liberal, 54% identified themselves
as moderate, and 7% identified themselves as conservative.
23% of local journalists identified themselves as liberal,
61% as moderate, and 12% as conservative.
These figures can be interpreted in a number of ways.
First of all, if you actually read the whole report,
you'd come across a commentary that specifically
weren't against drawing in easy across the board conclusions.
We would be reluctant to infer too much here, it said.
The survey includes just four questions
from each journalist political attitudes,
yet the answer is to these questions suggest journalists
have in mind something other than a classic
for government liberalism and something more
along the lines of libertarianism.
But pretend you're doing a story on the Pew report
and the nuanced comments above are not sufficiently
dramatic for your medium.
You need to reduce things into some digestible sound bites.
If you wanted to sound the alarm bells on the right,
you could say the national journalist
were nearly five times as likely to identify themselves
as liberal as conservative.
This would be literally true,
but perhaps a little misleading as the same poor results tell us
that 61% of national journalists identify themselves
as moderate or conservative.
If your John Gibson or Fox News,
you just make up your own statistics and claim
that 87% of reporters are self-disclared liberals.
If you rush limbo, you offer up the same lie a day later
and specifically set the poll that proves you wrong.
Most of those journalists are liberals,
80% of them will admit it in the latest press poll, he says.
Just for the sake of argument,
let's assume that the median mayor here really
are predominantly recalcitrant leftists.
Say you were conservative, medium-overlame, rupert,
and you have to wear with all to do something about it.
Here are the three paths you might take.
One, you could announce your belief
that the reporting of news is always subjective
and therefore biased, so you're gonna start a news network
that comes with things from your own perspective
in order to balance out what you perceive
to be the bias of the left.
Two, you can set up your own news network
that actually is fair and balanced, or three,
you could set up your own news network
that is consistently and demonstrably partisan,
but call yourself fair and balanced.
Guess which one he chose.
This just ended Fox News,
the mainstream media in this country
are dominated by liberals.
QD, 5.670560,
let's get about 100 calls in here before the burl
for most show.
To this afternoon, what do you say, huh?
Let's get in three, four hundred.
Oh, they're all in a way to call Stone Creamer.
There's what?
They're out of the cake batter, I ask you my thing.
WQAM, hello.
I thought you said it was a call on 6th.
Did you say that?
No, I did.
Lida, there he is.
Hello.
Tom Rogers can help you.
Okay, good.
5.670560,
and singular wireless lines.
You lied, man.
You told me that this is really
before the get out of the
bench this morning for.
It's sucker.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, Neil.
First, I on your poll,
the only thing that I don't understand about it
is your dislike for vanilla ice cream.
I have a like vanilla ice cream.
Yeah.
Second of all, second of all.
Second of all, second of all.
Second of all, second of all.
You got a lot of company.
I'll tell you that.
Yes, sir.
Second of all, you know what?
I thought you were a
lot of people think Paris Hilton is pretty exciting too.
God, she is such a, never mind.
Nothing I can say.
She's such a joy.
I saw the movie World of World.
My family and I did a few weekends.
And actually, you know what?
I liked it.
I thought it was a good rendition of it.
I thought the ending was just fine.
The ending was the same as the ending before.
There was no, no, no change in it.
Despite what George may think.
It was a good movie.
And George usually complains about
just the ending.
He's still pick one small thing of a movie
and then pick on it.
But it's like Magnolia.
It was like, three and a half hours long.
Or it was long enough for you.
Yeah, there's a lot of things he said.
I thought what I said.
George, George, how about the
the League of Extrordinary Gentlemen?
How you just like tied half and
criticized the whole thing.
That was a complete piece of filth
from beginning to end.
So I don't care what George said.
It was a piece of filth that was trash.
It was amazing money.
The League of Extrordinary Gentlemen,
you won't find two people to agree with.
That's why I did well.
It did well, George.
It did not.
It bombed.
It bombed your life.
I like the big deal.
And an idiot.
I like the big deal.
Now when he keeps talking about
Georgia for a while, I'll talk to him.
I have a problem with that.
You're 100% right.
But you know what I actually
Georgia is entertaining to a degree anyway.
Right.
Anyway, Neil, you know, that's all I have.
Okay, thank you.
He wanted to talk to you.
He didn't want to talk to you.
He didn't want to talk to you.
He didn't want to talk to you.
He wanted to talk to you.
He wanted to talk about the world of the world.
He wanted to talk to you about the League of Fervors and whatever.
Go ahead and watch it and tell me if it's better than the original
or if it's worth a crap.
What's that?
Or the world.
I'm not going to go.
I'm not going to watch it.
I know you're not going to.
Even Muff the Muff Meister was there this morning.
Oh, did you see World of War?
No, of course I didn't go see it.
Why would I go see that crap?
It would be like go and watch the remake of Psycho.
That would be the need to be remade.
Being the old fart that I am.
I saw World of Worlds when it first came out in the movie theater.
I didn't like that.
53 is after right here.
By the way, yeah, 53 is right.
And we want to thank Albert just so you know
we finally came through.
Remember we were having trouble finding the original for Josh.
Right.
One of our listeners brought in.
I saw the patient and Josh watching the original.
So I watched the audience.
Albert.
So now you saw them both.
Do you see the new one, Josh?
No.
I don't really need to because I heard it's the same thing.
That's the same thing with Flashy or the whole effect.
But more because of the worst of the years later
and much more expensive and Tom Cruise.
Well, I don't want to see Tom Cruise.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to smell him.
I don't want to know from him.
He's just, he to me is such a gross out.
Just everything about him.
And all this phony, baloney, routine.
Do you really think that anything that these people do in Hollywood
that it's not orchestrated, that's not all planned out?
It's all part of, just like Michael Jackson holding the baby
over the, all this crap that they do.
It's all orchestrated.
It's all get designed to get the obedient media there all whipped up
into a frenzy and get all the coverage and hype.
It's all hype, baby.
The world is about two things.
Okay.
Crooks and hype.
Not necessarily in that order.
That's all.
Take your pick.
Crooks and hype.
That's what the world is all about.
So enjoy your life.
Stay away from the crooks.
Stay avoid getting sucked in by the hype and you'll be okay, maybe.
Unless they come and get you.
Hockey's got a couple of votes in there.
And Galdi was right.
For once, nice going.
I don't see any announcement going on.
I couldn't be wrong.
Let's check out with Leaf's lunch.
But they're pretty obvious to anyone who signs a one-year deal.
Any coach who is under contract for one year is the guy that's going to go first.
So those types of circumstances, although with Burkey.
See, there's nothing going on.
There's no announcement to be made today.
This Rimmer man, he is so full of it.
It's just unbelievable.
And let me say it again.
The only reason that he called here on Thursday was to try to suck her.
Me and her like go to that wedding so I could bring a gift.
That's the only reason.
Did I go?
Did I send a gift?
No.
Good luck to you, Josh.
You'll need it.
I'm not you.
His son, Josh.
A lot of Josh is around.
You touch him?
No.
Now he's a good kid.
And he got married over the weekend.
But daddy.
And the mother.
She's the sweetest of them all.
Did you ever meet Ferrell?
Yeah, she's sweet.
She hates me.
She's like poison.
That's why she doesn't hate you.
But like I said, maybe that's why I like her so much.
No, she's great.
But the Rimmer man, he just, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap.
Yent is anonymous.
But if I just look at the note, I think she'd keep cheap cheap cheap cheap.
Why?
I said Rimmer's wife.
I'd like to get the note or better.
113 if you and Brandy chooses having a huge wall of wall sale.
Every single pair of shoes in the store on sale.
Nothing is held back.
She was from Rockport, Floreshine, New Balance, Naturalizer,
Spirytomp-Siders, Team of Timberland, SAS, all the top name brands.
Men's sizes 6 to 15.
Women's sizes 5 to 12.
And woods from very, very narrow to very wide and fat.
There's never been a sale this magnitude that Brandy shoes ever.
And Sailor No Sailor, you're always treated like royalty by her experience courteous sales tab.
So hurry on intake events of this once in a lifetime wall to wall sale.
New shipments arriving every day will be included in this event.
And why do you at Brandy's register free to win fabulous prizes?
No purchase necessary.
Brandy shoes you'll find in a 12-nighter or federal highway in Poppano Beach.
This south of the series and lows open daily Monday through Saturday 9-9,
Sunday's 10-5.
Don't forget it's a great time to give great savings at Brandy's right now.
Come into Brandy's for that bigger store-wide sale of that ever.
And give great savings on all the top names in the shoe business.
But it comes to sport.
We need your fear for your story.
Sport when you're 5'16".
We need your fear for your story.
It's gonna get bricky of low.
If you're a fan of the movie, Gone of the Dead,
Find me as a brand new spin-off.
Sure to scare you with this.
It's time of the dead head.
You'll be utterly horrified when all of those unwashed hippies
equip their jobs to follow a mediocre jam band around the country.
Seven-day resurface.
Hey man, I'm like at one with nature man.
Just what you thought you'd never see.
Another tied-died t-shirt.
Zero star pictures brings you, Gone of the Dead.
It's not playing in the collected cities.
I'm dying out of here!
1-19 at 5'16".
What about Dambu, either the Gone of the Dead?
I'm dying over here.
What about Dallin?
What landed the dead?
The new one?
Yeah, I gave my review.
There was nothing wrong with it, but nothing to see there.
In other words, you've seen it all before.
It's just like any other zombie movie you've seen.
So in other words, where are the worlds?
If you didn't see the first one.
Well, there's nothing so far this summer has been worth watching.
Okay.
Don't go wide instead. Watch our documentary.
Take those two hours and watch the passionate eye.
The world of Korean divorce.
It's right on our website.
It doesn't cost you a dime either.
How do you like that?
The price is right.
It'll open your eyes and maybe even...
Right, go.
...other parts.
And just so you know what I said about War the World was, it was great until it fizzled out.
What did you say about War the World?
That it was great up to a point.
Yeah.
And then it just fizzled out.
It didn't even have the suspenseful ending that the original did.
Did they have the scene in there with the priest that got zacked?
No.
They did not?
No.
That's one of the best scenes in a whole movie.
Right.
Because the matter is if they cut and pasted so many of the original movies scenes like the...
I can see another movie.
It was the Antichrist.
I agree.
I mean, you talk about an ego, a massive ego.
Like, here again, he's better than everybody else.
He's going to do a better movie than originally.
He's got to be making his own way.
And unfortunately, he did.
Hey, Steven.
Do fairy.
Oil will have $100 by winner.
Now that's not for a gallon of gas.
That's for a bearable oil.
That sounds depressing.
What is it like?
16 oh?
Yeah.
Give or take.
Oil prices could rock it up to $100 within six months, plunging the world into an unprecedented
fuel crisis.
Controversial Texan oil analyst Matt Simmons is warned.
This is in the brick paper The Guardian, which is usually cut their thumb on it.
After crude surged through $60 a barrel last week, nervous investors were putting their hopes
on a build up in U.S. oil stocks to depress prices in the coming months.
But Simmons believes surging demand will keep prices bubbling well above $50.
We could be in $100 by this winner.
We have the biggest risk we've ever had of demand exceeding supply.
We're just now about to face up to the biggest crisis we ever have had, he said.
OPEC produces.
So, Shmata is over there.
If you only watch the part about the Saudis and that the world according to Bush, who are
raping, raping, and pillaging the world with our assistance, then you've got to watch it.
OPEC produces out emergency talks last week, instead of making their second, $500,000 of
barrel increase in production quotas in a fortnight.
But the discussions were suspended last year, they after prices dipped back below $60.
That must have just been a coincidence, don't you think?
For sure.
The looming oil crisis is not high up on the agenda of this WSGA meeting.
Although the heads of state are expected to repeat their finance minister's call for greater
transparency from OPEC and another oil producing nations about the reserves.
It also points out like I've been telling you for a long time that we attack the wrong
country when we attack Iraq.
It should have been Saudi Arabia.
There is absolutely no question about it.
Now we wouldn't be sitting here with me reading this story and you people paying through the old nose of gas getting
raped to them.
Simmons believes such moves by Tony Blair to secure a pledge to pour more cash in the battle of developing alternatives to the
oil intensive technologies that cause climate change will be too little too late.
He'll publish a hard-hitting book this week in which he argues that Saudi Arabia, the world's largest
producers running out of oil and further price increases are inevitable as supplies decline.
He warned that the scramble for resources eventually could descend into war.
Many analysts expect extra production over the next year as high prices boost investment by energy firms.
But Simmons says, now, after many years of underinvestment, there's even a shortage of drilling rigs.
Okay.
I'd give you a bicycle if I were you.
I'd move to Amsterdam and get a bike.
Okay.
Just ignore the Dutch.
Ignore the Dutch and the Rasta crowd and you'll be okay.
Survey shows a little support in South Florida for flag-burning amendment.
They love the flag.
They respect the flag.
They hit the idea of it ever being burned.
Even so, do you hate the idea of it ever being burned?
What, why?
You know, I'm going to say it again.
This is so simple.
You go to your nearby Walgreens, Walmars, and you buy a little American flag.
We're a big American flag.
You take it in the backyard and you burn it.
Okay.
Is that anybody's business?
The sad commentary is that you would be bothered by somebody burning an object.
That's what's sad.
Yeah.
Is that anyone would get all bent out of shape?
Well, you know what?
Your mama.
That's my response to them.
Yeah.
Latoya.
Even so, a lot of South Floridaans don't take an amendment to the US Constitution.
Currently under consideration in Congress is necessary to protect the stars and stripes.
If I can digress, Robert Bird in this documentary, you heard the one clip where he's talking about,
well, whatever he said.
He just goes ballistic.
And yeah, he's dobbling an 85 years old and looks like he's going to have a stroke right there on the center floor.
But at the end of his outburst, he's made, makes a great point.
And this chamber, he says, is strangely and conspicuously silent.
You got to see that part.
And he's right.
Where is the outrage?
Where is the opposition?
Where is the, where is Ted Kennedy?
Where is Chris Dodd?
Where is Joe Biden?
Where is John Kerry?
Where is everybody?
They're all bought off.
Paid, signed, sealed, and delivered.
Believe me.
Scary.
You got to see the clip on.
It looks like he's just going to croak right there on his spot.
And of course, and then they show, I figure I wish Republican was presiding over the Senate that day.
And he just is just crappin' in his pants.
So it's just squirming in the chair.
There must be the excuse he was a head-of-load.
Just praying that this guy would either croaker shut up already, you know?
They can't handle the truth.
Anyway, getting back to this flag burning amendment, another one of those burning issues, if you pardon the expression.
They don't have anything better to do as Frank William 69 is the shot pool of the sunrise senior center.
They should be trying to get the gas prices down, said Old Frank.
The debate over flag burning, which is linger for years, mixes questions of patriotism with allegations of partisan politics.
It fits protection of one of the nation's greatest symbols against protection of one of its greatest rights.
A diverse selection of residents interviewed by the Sun Central University agreed the flag should not be burned in protest.
With the strong majority also saying a constitutional amendment was unnecessary.
How do you like that?
Let me say it again.
Unnecessary.
The debate appears to reflect the mood of the nation.
A pool conducted and made by the First Amendment Center showed 63% of those samples did not want to see the amendment passed up from 53% just a year before.
I don't think anyone should burn their flags, said Roger Aherst, 574, Lauderdale.
But I think they should change the constitution.
I like that.
Good.
It's got some other quotes from some very stupid people.
Oh, nobody should burn their flags.
Well, why not?
By the way, the piece of cloth, okay?
It's a piece of cloth.
Right.
You know, flag protocol.
That's like all of that crap about taking a caran and flushing it down the toilet, okay?
In the meantime, we're killing thousands and thousands of innocent people.
And they're all up at arms because somebody is tearing out pages that are taking a caran and flushing it down the toilet.
We're torturing people with all kinds of grotesque and barbaric things that are as bad or worse than what they're doing.
And in the meantime, they're worried about flushing the Bible down the toilet.
Man, oh, man, oh, man alive.
What a crocodile.
You know what?
But anyway, I just trying to get up and sit right in the middle of it.
I don't want to do that.
Oh, look at this.
That even though time very strenuously believes that sources should be protected, even more strenuously said management,
poor daughters must be followed in the US.
Okay. See it as bomb-point.
Yeah, when a doubt time magazine whims up.
Just kind of like QAM, you know what?
I see a lot of similarities there.
Maybe we should take a poll on sportscasters in time magazine, what do you think?
Okay.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
The Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet.
Not just my opinion, but that's as rated by the prestigious Zagat restaurant review.
You ask for it and I'll every Friday through Sunday night,
lobster fest is backed by popular demand featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And you can still enjoy crab fest every night with laskin' snow crab legs, dungeon is crab,
and tuna stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on the half shell, and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
In addition, the Emerald Coast has got hand-carb-prem rib, and from their flaming grill delicious juicy New York steak,
cooked just the way you like them.
And then top off you dinner, this fantastic feast, with dessert at the unbelievable 40-inch chocolate fountain,
where you can hand it to your own strawberries, and marshmallows, other decadent treats, hungry boogret have a field day there.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast rule is healthy living too, because they don't cook with any crap.
No MSD, no cornstarch, they cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol, freaking all oil with no MSD, no garbage.
Book your reservations of one of Emerald Coast's three locations in South Florida.
They're in sunrise, sunny house beach and pember pines, for the Emerald Coast call 954-572-3822.
What it comes to be true to this, we've got the scene.
The biggest, personnel aim.
We'll watch your door, go go go.
Sport pretty with bikes to see.
QAAA.
Thank you baby.
People in Middle East must be assured that we will investigate both.
Now it seems to me that they know just what to say.
That we will find out the truth.
Talking points not words, can you make this garbage hell?
Now I swear to you, they didn't always talk this way.
Repeating what's not real, till we buy it baby.
They will know the truth just like the American citizens.
I don't want to be lied to no more, I just want to be a patriot.
I don't want to fight another far-drawn war, for make my grandkids pay for it.
I don't want to be angry no more, you know that we should never stand for the old.
To win the tele-satisfaction, don't be so sure.
I don't want to be lied to anymore.
In my state of the union, our state of my species of nature.
Yeah, in your state, man, we're in big trouble.
132, 28-02, if you aim, bow for more.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
It's the two best afternoon.
Here's a little ugly story that I think goes to give you a ribbit idea of the kind of world that we live in.
Two teenagers were under arrest yesterday, or Sunday, I'm sorry.
On suspicion of killing another teenager for his iPod portable music player, police in New York said,
was it an iPod 20, 30 or 60 gig?
No, it doesn't say here, oh, that's important.
The boys were facing charges of murder, robbery, and weapons possession in the death of 15-year-old Christopher Rose, police said.
Rose and three friends were accosted by a group of young men Saturday evening in Brooklyn.
Members of the group demanded Rose's iPod, and stabbed him twice in the chest when he resisted.
The group fled, taking Rose's iPod and a backpack.
Police have also reported a wave of iPod robberies on New York City subways, saying in April that 50 iPods have been stolen this year compared with none over the same period last year.
Authorities believed that most robbers kept the devices, which can retail for about $100 to $500 for personal use rather than selling them.
And that's what we mean by file sharing, either.
Manacuse, the drug shopping card driving.
Did I do this story already? I have the thing I may have.
I did not.
Well, it's from last week, but when you were only on twice a week, you have to like hang out of the good stuff.
Devils like North Dakota, a man is accused of driving an electric-powered shopping card around a grocery store here while drunk and dayduring other customers.
This is an experience like only those people who shop in the publics on the beach over there with a hell of a, and a hell of a, or the ankle paramedics.
I'd expect that here.
What was that store in sunrise, which now it's out of business?
That Delhi supermarket.
Oh, what's it going to?
That's a Delhi in sunrise.
At any rate, Clifford, Matt's in 27 would charge with this early conduct, a Mr. Meener, Detective Su Schwab, said last Tuesday.
Schwab said police went to the levers groceries through a Monday afternoon after reports that a drunken man was driving the shopping card into people and nearly knocking them down.
He appeared to be actually driving after them Schwab said no one was heard.
I can like his style. I've got out of my way.
The maximum penalty for the Mr. Meener charges 30 days.
And jailing $500 fine, according to what said for July 19th.
What will be following that?
I'm more interested in that store than I am about to slot in a rubah there.
Who cares about that? Look at this.
There cannot be a week that goes by without some gut wrenching story that the meat just ceases upon and decides this is the story.
Do you sure a story of the week?
Whatever it is, a story of the month.
I think this really started a big time with, well first of all, it started with the 24 or 7 news channels.
But the OJ thing, that was what really began with this whole cycle of insanity.
And we have to become obsessed with it, whether it's alienity or whether it's Terry and her...
You!
...whether it's the Runaway Bride, whatever it is.
And most of the masters said nobody should give a crap about it.
Except those people were involved in them. Who gives a crap about it, right?
Well George does because he was telling me about the Dutch kid and his father, whatever it is.
Oh, he just said, yeah, he said the big maw.
Big maw.
Maybe he knows what the good crap is. Maybe he's doing some of mushrooms.
I don't know what his story is. I don't care. I could care less about that.
If I were here, a rubah again will be too soon.
A rubah rhymes with Cuba.
You see how the saw fits in together?
A medium and they're just trying to make your brain into jello.
Here's another follow-up on a very important story.
Remember, Mimin Penguin?
The comments, the 70-win-year-old cartoonist recently said in his cluttered studio off of busy Mexico City Street.
Everyone here knows he's this funny little kid and nice and generous.
Oh and black too, why such an uproar now?
The fuss says the obnoxious, the anxious civil rights leader Jesse Jackson is over a stamp honoring an urban black boy with large lips, bugged out eyes.
And monkey-like gestures that smack up Sambo-type images.
Whoop.
Little black Sambo, I say.
African American and Mexican American groups are calling on Mexican President Vicente Fox to withdraw the stamps.
White House spokesman Scott McCullan said the stamps images have no place in today's world.
Well, guess what Scott, neither the you and your leader, have no place in today's world or any world.
Fox doesn't understand the fuss, the other minorities or the Afro-Americans or Latin's.
I would suggest to them that first read the magazine, get the information then express publicly their opinion Fox told the N.P. last week.
On our side, we know that all Mexicans love this character.
The upper or followers Fox's May 13th remark that Mexican migrants in the US take jobs that not even blacks are willing to do.
Fox eventually apologized for their mark lamenting any hurt feelings.
Many minority groups in the US spelled as apology was half-hearted or half-hearted.
And Mexico though the Freakers has created meme-mean media sending hundreds of people to post offices.
Many responded to reports that full sheets of the 60 cents stamps rumored to be instant collectors items were being auctioned on eBay for up to $200.
I'd like that.
Everything it's like the stuff on the the fry pan, the fry pan and the Virgin Mary and the fry pan and the toast and the whatever.
The toast and the tostada.
Speaker, what a great segue.
I just fell into a bucket of crap.
Got a tostada story.
No, but I was thinking about the Virgin Mary on the Immaculate Pizza that Totino's pizza.
Yeah.
The pizza delivery man allegedly robbed by admitted child killer Lionel Tate said he most remembers his master's salons eyes because they left the impression that the stick up was a game.
According to investigative documents released Friday.
The robbery victim 44-year-old Walter E. Goyardo has positively identified Tate as the name of Rob Domo.
Ford Domino's Pete supplies at gunpoint on May 23rd in the apartment.
In a statement given that Tate the police Goyardo was asked when he remembered most.
I'll be honest with you, if Domino's came to my door, I'd probably like pull a gun too.
Speaking in Spanish to a translator, Goyardo replied, his eyes.
The expression that the guy was making with his eyes.
This was a game like almost a smile.
Tate the 18 is clearly not guilty.
It detaches that he robbed Goyardo after using a young friend's phone to order the pizzas.
At a hearing set for August 60, faces a potential life sentence because he was on probation as part of a plea or agreement of the 1999 killing of a 60-year-old family friend Tiffany Unic.
In a statement, Goyardo said there was no answer on the apartment door when he initially brought the $33 order of pizzas.
Then he heard a voice say, hey, in any way in fact, thinking the customer maybe was in the shower.
The door was slightly open so he went in.
Behind the door, Goyardo said it was a black man wearing a black bandana or a handkerchief covering part of his face with an old handgun pointed at him.
He dropped the pizzas, fled, tumbling down the stairs and losing his glasses and cell phone.
A 13-year-old boy who lived in the apartment to a police that Tate used his phone to order the pizzas and returned with a gun and committed the robbery.
The boy, to Quincy Tompkin said he witnessed Tate pull a gun from his waistband and pointed out to Goyardo, Lionel fried a chasen but he got away the boy said.
In a second statement, given the investigators working for Tate's lawyer, the boy recanted what he told police and identified the robbery with somebody else.
Goyardo, who said he was formerly a police officer in Peru, identified the weapon as a 38-calibre revolver that appeared to be an older model because it had a bronze tins to it, according to the new documents.
One of three handguns stolen earlier in May from the home tape chairs with his mother, a Florida state trooper, was either a 38-calibre or a 357-revolver police.
One of the weapons had been recovered by police refuses to say which one where it was found or believed to be used in the pizza robberies.
Pretty bright kid there's still Lionel, huh?
Yeah, yeah, bright.
Yeah, it's fine. Kind of like Frito, look at what I was saying.
When it comes to it, Tate, it makes real Roger, real Roger, it makes me taste.
4-chop video 5-6.
You fairly made it.
Here.
Little ditty about Tom and Katie to celebrities stocked by the paparazzi.
Katie gonna be, oh Mrs. Cruz, Tom criticised Brook Shields, post-partum blues.
The thing that I'm saying about Brook is that there's misinformation.
Okay, and she doesn't understand the history of psychiatry.
She doesn't understand in the same way that you don't understand it.
Katie just converted to Scientology.
Now she'll be in that same shirt just big fat, per se out.
Oh yeah, I'm not going down.
Long after the drill of marriage is gone.
Oh yeah, they say I'm going down.
The world's getting pretty sick now of Katie and Tom.
So you got suck it in and go in and spend money.
You're hard on money.
You will see that piece of crap.
I thought it was going to whether it sucks or not, at least to give me something to talk about.
So in other words, you had to see a mediocre movie with a really annoying job.
I was hoping.
I was hoping.
Hey, he was in Magnolia, Mr.
Yeah.
I was hoping that it would be good.
We've already been through this a minute or time.
He's been in maybe three good movies.
He was like two good men.
I was giving him a chance to be in four good movies.
Well, one was the last time he was in a good movie before this.
Before Magnolia?
Yeah.
Board of Fourth of July.
No, before I see.
And what year was that?
I don't know.
Long time ago.
18.
697, not long enough.
697 votes.
What I disagree with Neil most about is that we had the one lady car.
That's the only one we had all day and she pitched me out because it's a boring pool.
Oh, he's the same.
My whole day is ruined now.
Soon as two o'clock comes, I'm going to sit in the corner with my thumb and my mouth.
Oh, she.
How come we could have been more entertaining for that lady?
What I disagree with Neil most about is I agree with Neil on everything 138.
Right.
Okay.
His taste in music, 127.
His taste in the hot people 94.
See, I'm thinking that maybe part of that is they're thinking about you know, you know,
these guys voting because I think you know like Tom Welling is however,
but I'm actually had a good point.
It's not who you like but who you don't like like when you know like our girl Anna.
Yeah, that's one.
Well, that's an example that's you know, that's a pretty big deal.
Oh, excuse me.
I just.
I'm very.
How dare you talk about.
Yeah.
I was.
That's why he's tasting hot people 94.
I'm whatever.
Golf 78, politics 76, religion 56, his taste in ice cream 44.
Stay away from that cookie of that cake batter, please.
Cookie dough.
No cake batter.
Stay away from it.
Well, you won't find it anyway.
You better you better stay away from it.
Oh, by the way, let's interrupt you.
Miguel's earned him a big coupon for some free ice cream from guess where.
Who gave it to me?
Yeah, try to kill me.
I'm so so cream right.
You're loving by the way, the picture.
It's a glossy coupon with a really colorful picture of some ice.
No, wait a minute.
Let me just straighten my brain out here.
You haven't had it yet, right?
That is correct.
Oh, geez.
Well, it's your actual tell you.
I'm not exaggerating.
It's pretty.
And you know me.
I'm pretty picky about my ice cream.
Good stuff.
Yeah, what do you know about ice cream?
They have a picture of a chocolate devotion on here, which I think I might just, you know, take a look at this.
If we have a lotion and the devotion is what I heard.
Politics 77, religion 56.
Yeah, 56 as in queue 56.
The religious people are the crazy people make no mistake about it.
And during this documentary, they have somebody talking about why, you know, Christians and Jews and Muslims shouldn't really be able to get along.
And I'm thinking to myself, why is it like in a heron?
Why is it should be necessary that you can't get along with other people because they believe they're from fairy tales?
So that's a piece for itself.
Of course, they do not mention atheist agnostics, Hindus, Buddhists, any of those people.
Remember that I think atheists crusade with the atheists tried to put everyone to death and torture them?
Right.
When Madeline or hair got sliced up, oh, was it the other way around?
His taste in ice cream 44, which I find most amusing because believe me, if I tell you that flavor ice cream is great, then you'd, look, the vanilla ice cream crowd, you have no taste.
That's all your taste buds probably were scraped off at birth.
I can't help it.
That's what I mean.
You need a transplant on your tongue.
It's like sugar water.
NASCAR 37.
No, it's not sugar water.
It's just like Bill Carter used to say at a great line, delicious, but no taste.
You know, it's a taste.
It's a bit of a flavor onto it.
It's just, it's cool.
It's just something cool to go on your tongue, which I had a great line for that.
But I've heard of it.
NASCAR 37.
Everything he says 20, they don't agree with anything I say, but they're still listening because they just can't handle it.
They just can't stop.
They just want to hear what you're going to be wrong about next.
Right.
His time cruise gave 13.
13 people disagreed with me about that.
Well, guess what?
Hey Tom!
You're fairy.
Rick Stance says this talent and I keep thinking about this.
Nothing makes any difference.
Hockey five.
I should have asked, well, what does that mean?
Whatever.
Does it mean because I don't care about the fact that I'm playing that?
Yeah.
No, I'm not serious.
I don't know what that really means.
I guess they don't like hockey or the fact that that's what I'm assuming.
Yeah.
Or maybe the fact that I'm not all whipped up into a frenzy.
This side is J.D. Trombley.
I stopped.
I didn't leave the ice.
Oh, Danny Galivan, he's still dead.
In fact, even when he was alive, he started a little on the dead side.
Hey, Danny, it's really sensational.
Let's say, a simple eating broadcast.
So anyway, guilty ought to be happy because it looks like he hasn't been any announcement today.
I better check over where Lee's TV had an eye again for his rumors said, but I'll be put
a little bit about and Lee's launches and commercial now.
The class fundamentally altered our DNA.
It's terrible in the off.
I've always wanted power.
We're the only ones who can stop it.
Play more!
We got the statistics for.
I'm going to see that.
Fantastic four.
Yes.
I hope it's interesting.
It means no war in the world, but then you can't ever win.
I'm hoping for the best, just like I was for the war.
Well, at least spend your money on something good.
And the best part of it is Tom Cruise ain't in it.
When it comes to sport, leave the outside.
It's supposed to be on five, six years.
You know, she way yet.
Mackinon, this is Jill Boehrn, the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Goehrn.
I just brought up to be young man.
Anything, anything, that happened before you was saving me.
And now, I'm going to say, what did you think of me before him?
Mother Hicks is absolutely.
You will need to go outside.
And I'm not tired of all this new life.
And I'm not tired of all this new life.
To be young man.
Further difficulty, he never heard us out before her back.
Death made me prepare to save.
And you wish then, I could afford much.
As much as you did.
Drop a assisted move.
Good job, Terrier, Joyce, drug life?
We're Josh Rosaccio.
We're Josh Rosaccio.
I never heard this before.
Who is it?
What is it?
Oh man, I think I'm just going to take like five seconds of that and just make a bit out of that.
Anyway, so 150 seven we got both for Mo, no Mo today.
I can't both can't understand.
He's sitting by, a hulking by.
I wonder if he brought the cow this time to put on in front of the building.
And of course that would be the cow would be abbreviated for coward as in our cow, remember the cowardly lion, Bert Larr?
Right.
He could play Greg Reed in our next full link feature film about 2am.
Oh, let's just ignore them. They'll go away.
Oh, they're going to go away.
Speaking of radio and the things like that, North Miami Beach, here are police detectives on June 23rd.
The news was a little like getting around.
Season and pounded equipment being used by an unlicensed radio station that used the 91.7 megahertz frequency, the same one used by Christian station WNKL Christian Rock in Keylorgo.
Oh, Christian Rock, my ass.
According to a police report, the pirate station's transmitter was located on two-story orphus building.
The station was unattended using a Windows media player running on a PC with a DSL connection.
Furthermore, police say the pirate station's transmitter was turned on every evening using a hot water heater type timing switch, which would turn off every morning.
Local police were aided and located in the unlicensed radio station.
By WNKL staffers who pinpointed the source at under 30 minutes.
A complaint was also filed with the FCC.
WKL's Carriage of Northern Dave County signal was effectively restored with a shutdown of the pirate station.
Thank God for that. We've got to get to that Christian Rock cranking baby.
Yeah.
And the hit.
Just keep on coming.
Seek care.
I'm coming.
The motor.
Seek.
That's right. They're not Christian.
Anyway, don't forget to get on our website.
Please, I'm begging you.
The best thing, the most important thing we've ever had on there is nothing else that's even a closed second.
When you agree, yes.
So far, you haven't watched it yet.
I'm going to watch it all the soon as I get home from the CBC past.
I was originally aired last October, which too bad it wasn't all over North America because Bush wouldn't have a
try and chance in hell.
The world according to Bush to our documentary, you can watch part one, part two, and a three, whatever you want to do.
Okay. I'm begging. I'm pleading on my knees begging.
Kimba next. Then we got mad dog at four.
Marlon stuff at 6 30. Those red hot brewers coming into town again tonight.
Bye. Bye. Bye.
