Is the real deal as opposed to the unreal situation?
We are world's greatest, real legit, no BS, it's a big indicator.
Biggest, big believe.
Speaking of that, I heard that pancreas caught there a while.
When they win, give away two free tickets to another game.
They have to give this bad echo in here.
Smallest crowd last night that they had in the game.
They announced 10,092, which I think the 92 part was right.
I'm not too sure about the rest of it.
I have never seen that building look empty.
You could add your own section.
I'm talking about in the middle of the game, either.
I'm not saying the beginning when people didn't show up yet.
Yeah.
Nobody.
They won, but nobody cares.
I think I said no, 16,000.
I was thinking for the penguin game, but who knows.
Probably really about 10 out of which 2,3000 penguin fans.
Nobody cares, so let's move right along.
Okay, somebody just called before and said, poppin' I was open tomorrow.
Poppin' I was open for Simon Casting for a few days, but now they open for live racing.
Tonight.
There you go.
Oh, okay.
You can go over there and punch your gut side.
Don't be a stranger. Go bet I'm a Brucey Ranger.
Yeah.
You know, we were talking about great advertising campaigns earlier.
The Colder campaign that was done by Thruian Cole years ago at Colder we love you.
Right.
And that was great advertising.
And the Ken Wallam one, he was at Fiscane.
Everybody's going to the dogs.
Right.
You know, this real simple stuff that gives you a benefit.
I love that Thruian Brunetti had it.
And Hylia we hate you.
That was great.
Hylia are a mayor who will punch you in a mouth.
Right, exactly.
In fact, it's like an encounter with your buddy there as the old punching him out through
a team.
Wow, it's way close.
I'm rebooting a piece of equipment that might take for like a week from Sookas, so I don't
know what the hell I'm going to do today.
It's very sad.
Oh.
It's a long story.
I mean, saying we cannot connect.
We cannot connect your channel at this time.
Yeah.
And I call the cable companies are reigning.
They said you like cats and dogs.
Yeah.
And they said, well, that's what the problem is.
Well, no, they said pull the plug out for about 10 minutes.
And when you put the plug back in, it should work.
Yeah.
And it did.
Well, do you have a cable box?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's a problem.
Well, you have a cable box sometimes you have to reboot today.
So you save it.
So you save it a little more.
So I get it.
Neil, so I got it.
I caught on.
Now, let me ask you this.
Yeah.
Inside the building there, I don't think pulling out the plug on direct TV and plugging it back
in the work as well.
You don't pay the bill.
Oh, that's a different story.
That's a different story.
We still don't have it.
You can pull that plug out and keep sticking it back in there all day long.
Yeah.
Well, we still don't have our direct TV.
Really?
Nope.
Well, Muff told me that the check was cut over on the West Coast on Monday.
Now, days, let's see Friday.
So by the time the durable gets it up there to wherever headquarters are for direct TV,
I wouldn't be surprised by the end of the year.
I'm not saying this is early this year.
You got your direct TV back in there.
So this thing is validating social media.
George is on G now.
But usually this thing goes flying through all of these files.
Here's two minutes you're done.
Three more to go today.
Let's take it a long time.
I think I put the canary on this piece of equipment because I said to George,
first thing this morning, I said, well, whatever happened if the DCS burned out.
Well, this thing lay out.
How long is this thing going to last?
And never had any problem with it.
And sure enough, now it's acting up.
So have you heard anything about the sushi lunch?
I don't see that there was any sushi lunch.
I'm trying to get some information, but everybody in their lives, they stonewall,
they like, clearance was in there for a second.
And I mentioned something about that and he went flying out of there.
Oh.
So I have no idea whether there was any lunch with it because Barry doesn't write any follow-up.
And of course your buddy, Sarni, he's too busy writing crap.
He doesn't write anything of any interest to anybody.
Just garbage.
Oh, he did say that you were picking him really good.
Yeah, which is not true.
I mean, I am over 500 and I would be, I could do that, could pick him out of a hat,
not a knock at you, but I mean, just it wasn't like you were doing all that great.
No.
Not doing great at all.
That's more, actually, that's break even.
They're a little bit better than break even.
No, it's break even with the big wish.
That's exactly what they're going to say.
52.5% is break even.
That's like slipping a coin.
Oh, it's not really.
Well, I mean, theoretically.
Flipping a coin wouldn't necessarily come in 50% of the time, both theoretically.
So actually, if you're flipping a coin every time you flip the coin,
it starts all over.
The statistics mean nothing because each time.
So I like rebooting.
Kind of like rebooting.
Like rebooting, which this thing isn't doing anything now.
It's getting me so agrived.
I want to just take this thing and heat it out my window, but somebody might get hurt.
Snow a little bit here overnight.
Little saw melting right now.
I just a little trace.
I just thought I'd keep in touch with that because I see it's going to be sunny in 72 in South Florida.
It's just beautiful.
It's paradise.
What's not to like?
Great weather for gambling.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Oh, that's one good thing about being a compulsive gambler.
It's always a great day for gambling, no matter if it's a foot or snow.
Well, you don't like a sloppy track.
Oh, I love a sloppy track.
Oh, yes.
You don't like the mutters?
I don't know about the thoroughbreds, but harness racing.
I like grass racing.
Oh, boy.
That's where it's at in the harness racing.
You old sloppy track.
The long shots come in.
Yeah.
The real, wily drivers, you know, who get to the lead and just, uh, it's hard to catch anybody
when you're trying to slide or the guys behind them.
Yeah, that's right.
They're throwing a slap.
Kind of like at our station.
Oh, you're trying to do it in the other direction, though.
A couple of shows ahead.
Yeah.
Now, I don't know about that, Sochi Luxor.
I got up real early, about a minute earlier than usual this morning.
I came rushing in here and looked online.
There was, uh, nothing.
I was rooting for the tapeworm.
You know, eat that raw stuff.
I know.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying the word.
You're not going to lull me into that crap again today.
Okay.
Friday.
Yeah.
Let me be happy.
We can come up.
I'm checking out Moehawk tomorrow.
So we'll see.
Any cap on tonight tomorrow will be spending the day together at Calder.
And then we're going to...
I have to age on the files by the way, George, and they're going very slow.
All right.
Oh, so you should be the K pretty soon, like, from Kaplan.
Yeah.
And then we're going to go, uh, what's the light in tomorrow night?
We're going to have a glorious day together.
Excellent.
Yep.
Well, I'll lose too much this weekend because, uh, it's only the second December.
We got a long...
I know.
I'm going to have money for Christmas shopping.
Dolphins are playing who this weekend?
Well, that's a winnable game for both sides.
Right.
The...ville suck.
Yeah.
And the Dolphins suck.
So I think it's a good matchup.
And the Patriots are like ten point favorite against two-day plans.
Yeah.
Yeah, for now.
They're playing the JETS jets.
Yep.
The S stands for suck and JETS jets.
Wow, the suck and the themes out there.
Yeah.
Well, you never know, though.
I mean, when you got all those injuries, obviously I'm already making an excuse.
Got all those bad injuries.
I don't think they can lose to the jets.
You?
No.
But will they cover that spread?
I don't know.
Not interested in that.
Well, not interested in that game?
No.
I wouldn't bet that game.
Okay.
Well, have a great weekend.
Yeah, you too.
And by the time I talk to you again, I'm Monday.
This thing might reboot again.
And direct TV might be working.
The...
Then let's set the odds on that.
You can say which Monday, did you?
Yeah.
Bye.
He's fans.
Your Miami here releasing a limited supply of previously helped seats for sale of the general public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday.
October 4th at 10am.
And start as low as $10.
It is food!
And 20 players in this game today.
These seats are in limited supply and will go fast.
Call 1-800-4-NBA-Tix.
Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticketmaster location.
He fans.
Mark your calendars for Tuesday.
October 4th at 10am.
This is the day individual game tickets go on sale for all heat home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad.
With Shaq, D-Way, two-hate, go!
Who's Jason?
Will you...
Come on.
He's in an event with all the fans.
See here, he's in a favorite mustard.
I'm in a fight, I'm in a game.
You're in a fight.
I hate you.
I hate this fight, I'm in a fight.
You better give it to him.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
2001.
dash of whoo rocracy san uoi pycholine iro
coteimar
mor disco
par
h
and
And
th
regimes
r
ok
j
I think what everybody in the audience so to do is like pick a number pick a time
We'll take an office pool on what time the DCS will reset what a great idea. I know it's not doing it the ordinary way
It's just going very slowly. I don't know what that indicates because being you know computer alluring
I mentioned Josh knows not 1020
1020 Josh doesn't even know what does means oh I see what's that?
Now what why did you just ask me this thing about Fox fire fire Fox? Oh, okay
They just came across I didn't know it's been downloaded more than a hundred million times since the other year ago
It's it's good and although now that I got my new computer. I got my windows
3000 yeah
You don't really with the explorers and have all the negatives that it has on the older computers
You don't get all those by wishing right fan
wait and oh look at that validating car files is through the H. Okay. This is the slowest process in history mankind
I don't a little bit nervous about that. I gave it the old whammy
So we're not gonna have any cues when we do the commercial outbreaks. I just
I'll just hold a finger up. How's that all right? Well, I've done
I hit it when you hold the finger up. I'll hit the cue oh
The American military Thursday said that four American troops that including two Marines over Kiliman
Combat operations in the rebellious province of Ann Bar
They were rebellious over there were military commanders of press a series of intensive sweeps to disrupt
Insurgents networks in advance of national elections of December 15 four more dead Americans every day
It's a two over here in a three over there and five over at six whatever every single day
and
There and you know, they're still trying to muster a little bit of courage the opponents of the war
Got a good piece of news. I forgot to tell you this yep about move on dot org is
considering
They're considering supporting
Julie Rimmins opponent is democratic opponent in the primary in Connecticut
That nice piece of news that's not necessarily gonna lose but at least at least there is some other people
We'll understand up against this lunatic
maniac this waffler
1435 hosts were sorry. It didn't like our poll yesterday
So oh this isn't the even the one the one on there now with the movie say I'm getting too far ahead of myself
I'm not gonna do that today because the one for Monday doesn't need any building
Are we doing my research online to make sure I didn't leave any major things off there
It's we don't need to do that. So that means we can take at least four or five thousand calls day especially with our DCS problem here
It's not doing anything at the moment
This is validating cart files. It's it's thinking about it's doing a very deliberately
I guess when you get to be old you get slow we can relate to that some of us
Despite their denials. This is the poll from one was this poll from two weeks ago
Sima Histora. I don't know
1433 votes despite their denials everyone loves to far 278 chose the chicken 253 make sure it don't have the old bird flu
Mass sexual fantasies 170 picks their nose 143 and then what do they do with it?
No is W. Stolley 2000 2000 for elections 126 lies 116
All the liars all the time
Enjoys porno 94 list is the near-roger 61
Peas in the shower 31 you know I was peeing in the shower this morning
I kept thinking to myself why would anybody deny this what what's not to like?
It would be why would they be it is and it's certainly on lady like if you happen to be one I see on lady like
Yeah, you know, why would there be any problem with that the water is a patient and there like a be patient
Huh because it's pee I see oh there's nothing wrong with me tickles the taco 31 cheats on their tassins 29
Eats their boogers 26 Josh was peaking his guts out thinking about that. Oh, we're all the way up to I
I
I
Look at that
And that good so this is this is doing the right thing
But it's doing it in slow motion usually this goes flying through these nose that indicate to you any kind of a
syndrome
Not necessarily. Oh, it's just taking a very slow and how many letters are we gonna go through? Well now what are these first letters?
Hey
No, but I mean what am I indicate?
You can only have four digits when you make a cart number in the DCS as you know yes, and that can be a
Numeral or a letter of the alphabet. Oh, I know we start them with a letter of the alphabet
So if I'm going to go through all of those if we know it only goes through J if we only use numbers
We would only go through a J. What is that stand for Jewish? We would only be able to have you know
9,999 cuts right use what's called the hexadecimal system
Oh, well, let's not like I said nobody cares
She's other taxes 29 each their bookers 26 disgusting although low carb by the way atkins approved
Smalls weed 16 loses their ass gambling 15 loves garbage TV 15 fears death 12 kicks their butt 11
That is really right home and uses body wash six that was the pull from
I don't know yesterday. I guess I see I'm losing track now. I can't keep track no more
And then the one about the ending of the movies which they hate that some movie last night that I'll tell you about
I told you about it
You haven't seen maybe Josh thought cellular with Kim basin. You're in the way to make spicy. I have not now
Said you're it's okay
It can't make up its mind if it wants to be real super serious or if it wants to be part comedy, you know
It was it was good on the whole it was good so to speak 10 14 at five six
You don't forget when I get to the end of this spot
You can have to like hit your thing there because I'm only on the eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye
I will got it got it
Nothing gets exciting that this happened today
And now the real excitement is when it gets them doing this will go back to what it was before right and if it doesn't
Well too bad
It's that most wonderful time of the year unless of course you hit the crowded malls those crazed shoppers like they've got
St. Vitus dance in their pants the long registered lines in the parking hassles too
So make your gift giving this year a little easier for you and your loved ones give them a dial macros gift certificate
When you call one 800 mattress you can order a dial macros gift certificate in any
Denomination and a new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years when you call one 800
Macries you choose from the top names in the business. They got them all for you
They got silly sort of Simmons King Coral
Sterns and Foster who would and temper pede too maybe you suffered some damage from the hurry came
Maybe you need to bed for those last men under the bed and how they guess maybe your old Macris is just had it
Well, whatever the deal call one 800 mattress
You'll get same day delivery from 8 a.m. Jill 10 p.m
And like always you still pick the date and time for living to beat your schedule you pick a tour window
And they show up 99% of the time on time no less
Dial macris ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction all of those secure am with a brain
Or including me with the newsroom for years. You ought to be doing the same
So before those guests arrive pick up that phone call one 800 mattress or log on to their website mattress dot com
1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last is because it stands for
You know
You're fresh
I may pay the to the fish
I
I am
What will the spot horse do?
Food, food, food.
Glory is a cowardly food.
Thabs in his acquinieth food.
No pots of quencedole, like a choke, carpalato, balls.
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what, what?
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what, what?
Why not about it all you want in your over-the-bellum swamp?
Can't imagine where they went wrong.
They played about as good as this song.
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what, what?
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what, what?
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what, what?
Miami-Dade is losing the fish.
What, what?
I got a good idea.
Why don't I just reboot this thing and start over again?
You're next time to go through real fast.
Because it's not doing anything right now.
Finish with the eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye and that's about it.
It's taking a rest right now.
It's old and slow.
Anyways, 10, 19, a QM.
This adds a little excitement, a little pizzazz to our otherwise boring Friday.
Right?
This like goose is it up a little bit.
Speak of the, uh, more of the fish.
Marlon's president, David Sanchez last week, detailed why there'd be no stadium deal with the city of Miami.
Wednesday, yesterday, city manager, yesterday, or what, what, what day is it?
Yes, yesterday, all day, I thought it was Friday.
Right.
Today Saturday, right?
Sunday.
Oh.
Wednesday, city manager Joe Erie-Olo offered a biting perspective that spoke to the
ideological and personal gulf between the two sides.
In other words, they hated each other like poison.
Back from vacation, Erie-Olo blasted San Sin for absolutely lying to the public about the Marlon's contribution to the project.
He also termed San Sin and owner Jeffrey Luria, carpet baggers, adding that the negotiation would have gone more smoothly with a local ownership group.
Carpet baggers, how do you like that?
Yeah.
Josh, your team, over on J-NOW.
Look at that.
J stands for Jewish.
Oi!
And what's going to happen after it finishes with J?
That's it.
J ought to be the last letter.
Oh!
Let's see.
Tell Luria that if this happens, I'm going to let out such a geschwai here, and you're going to think that you've got shot.
Oh!
Did you start a new letter up there?
I'm going to put your phone.
Did you start a new letter like N?
Of course.
But I thought you said it along go through J.
Well, that's down here.
What letter did you start?
Oh, I'm on N's already.
Okay, then.
So this is going to go all the way through N?
Yeah, but there should be nothing in between J and N.
Oh, no, I've got L and who knows.
Look, he struck me in Spine, Devaco, LSMFT.
Remember those days, of course, you know.
If I should book a brand, he's probably puffing on a few of them, and faggets right now.
Among the several issues on which Ariel and Samson are nods is how much money the team would have run to the project.
Samson last week said the Marlins were prepared to make a $200-tribute contribution to a plan
based on the only facility adjacent to the Orange Bowl.
That figure includes annual rent, but Ariel does focusses on upfront payments.
I don't care how David wants to dress this, Ariel has said.
How he wants to dress it, it's an absolute outright lie.
He's putting 30 million-
Not 30 million.
... in the deal and the story.
If I have an apartment building and you come to rent for me, what is that?
Is that a contribution to my profit?
A contribution to my mortgage? Nothing.
What I do with the money is beside the point.
Samson pointed Ariel is unfamiliar with such deals.
Saying team contributions are always measured by the present value of rent payments.
Another issue where the party's differ is cost overruns.
The total price of the project ballooned the $385 million because the original estimates were based on the ballpark opening earlier.
Ariel considers an increase in an overrun and called it convenient that the Marlins do not.
If the Marlins couldn't make up the initial difference, he wanted about their ability to cover overruns once construction began.
The price of the price of the project wanted because his inability to do a deal led to a delayed opening which caused increased construction cost, which we had to cover because nobody else would, Samson said.
It's not an overrun. Again, it shows his relative inexperience in this arena.
By definition, there is no such thing as an overrun until a project is being built.
He ought to be familiar with that because the performing arts center has overruns.
Perhaps if the root of the failed agreement is the two sides underlying contempt for each other, they hate each other like poison.
Hey!
Ariel makes clear his dissafe for Samson and his negotiating tactics.
Samson wonders whether the city mommy ever wanted to deal the first place if they considered Lori an outsider.
If Jeffrey Lori would have sent a professional to do this deal, it would have been a lot easier Ariel will have said this problem is he sent somebody who has never done this deal, who has never done a deal in his life.
I don't want to say it's a personality conflict. I deal with all kinds of personalities all day long and has nothing to do with personality. It competences a much better word.
Samson countered.
Everything I know about negotiating with boy tactics I learned from Ariola.
It's disappointing that the city would hold up a sign during the World Series parade that said if we build it where you come and it was merely an election strategy and out of desire to listen to what constituents really want.
As of last week, the Marlins had majorly baseballs blessing to re-explore, we know that relocation, their threatening, relieve and nothing's over till it's over Ariel will say I think getting somebody like David out of the equation would probably help.
Is he talking about David Samson or more Howard David?
But I really think it's the whole attitude of David Lori. He says I'd love to see local ownership whether it's from Broward, Dade, South Florida for that matter getting involved and get things done.
Wednesday, Samson reiterated that Lori as a local owner would never sell the franchise, especially not to a South Florida based buyer.
One of the biggest problems we've had all along is we've viewed Jeffrey and David truly as carpet vaggers, Ariel will say they came with a bag of debt from Montreal.
They're not local people, no local investor in their right mind would invest with them because of the terms they want.
How do you like that they hit each other? It's great. It's the typical South Florida F&W baby.
I like that. It's beautiful. All the way up to J, almost the end of the J's.
Cool. But you're telling me I gotta go through N?
Yeah, but there should be nothing in between J and N unless you stock something in there.
I think I don't really recall to be honest with him.
We'll find out I guess soon, moment.
We will.
We'll up to J.P. remember him?
Yeah. Harry.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending that was our full and I will say this for cellular ahead of finding there was nothing wrong with it and William H. Macy was great as usual.
Convasion, you're looking she didn't look at the over 90.
God, she was oh well. That's what you're supposed to be.
Thank you. Any younger?
707 on the pool today. 777 votes. They don't like this pool.
I put it up. I think around 536 o'clock last night and I thought there'd be a phenomenal.
We should have had the other choice on there, which we can still do.
I didn't I never seen any of these.
Oh, okay. You want to put that on it?
Sure. Never sign any of these.
So they can't tell you about the ending.
Well, how could they never have seen any of these?
Well, I guess they could be blind.
No, no, seriously. There's not like any movie on here that's like really stupendous.
Is there some of them are highly hyped?
No, but I mean these aren't movies that everybody in their brother saw.
There's not one of them on here that you could say in their category.
Oh, the J's are done. We're done with the J's.
Everybody keep track right on your wrist like the guy in my mental right it down.
We're done with the J's on validating the cart files in the ECS.
Oh man.
Which movie had the most unacceptable ending?
Blair Witch Project 88.
Million Dollar Baby 58.
Contact 57.
See I didn't see any of those.
What are World's 55?
Saw the first one.
Did not want or need to see the second one.
One flew over to Cook who's missed 43.
I guess everybody saw that.
Right.
We just have said we're just upset about for Mr. McMurphy.
Good call us 35.
Maddie Python and a holy grail 34.
Great movie bed ending.
Vanilla Sky 33.
The village 32.
Monsters vault 27.
See it wasn't just my imagination.
Monsters vault 27.
Way more than Magnolia that had 15 by the way.
Oh, that's because nobody saw that one.
Once upon a time in America 26,
Unbreakable 22.
Signs 22.
Heat 21.
AI.
Yai yai yai.
21.
Up in Smoke 18.
Mulholl and Drive 16.
Magnolia 15.
The Birds 14.
Memento 13.
Donnie Darko 11.
Jacob's Ladder 10.
Jeepers creepers where you get those Mr. Peepers 10.
Bridges of Toko R9.
Scream 7.
Lord of the Rings Part 1.5.
Legends of the fall 4.
Whitehead Brad Pitt had to die, huh?
It was a fish and accident and somebody got hurt.
The vanishing American version 4 and less than 0 had a little more,
not much more than 0, they had 3.
Out of 7.13.
Less than 0.
You see that?
No, it's a Robert Donnie Jr. movie.
Oh, God.
And I've never seen any of these as God 0.
So that's God less than.
But I, oh, look at that.
We're on K already.
All right.
So probably we got to go through K and LSM and if Lucky Strike means
by LSMFT and then what?
See, ordinarily, this zips through these real fast stuff.
How would be going real slow?
Can you, I mean, you know, with a little bit about computers not too much?
Why would it be like just the amount of stuff that's on there?
Well, it didn't do this last week when you run vacation.
I think that's what it's intended with you being there.
Let's see.
It went zip and fly in through there.
I'm slowing it down.
That must be it.
Okay, we're going to take a trillion calls today because it is Friday.
We got a lot of our good friends out there.
We probably want to hear from today, wouldn't you think?
Of course.
And wasn't it interesting at the end of the show yesterday?
We found out we discovered that mode promo that Josh sneaked in there the one with a guard over there.
And most is, I like that guy.
It was kind of interesting.
Now, as opposed to the regular queue, because I don't want you to play that from there,
what could I play here?
I got it.
Listen, 1027 at QAM.
What?
Hit it.
A video is the latest guy that George Bush thinks.
The demo bit he does better than that my ass chit.
Only your fudge is real judgey.
I'm not a fan of the video.
I'm not a fan of the video.
I'm not a fan of the video.
God, take that.
We're validating cart files.
We finished with the case and all of a sudden an hour on the adees.
Oh, wait a minute.
Did that real quick, though?
Okay.
What's going to say?
Maybe it was just missed one.
It did.
Deez and them and those.
But it went through the knees real fast.
How about those?
You think it's going through those two fast?
Don and for Lauderdale sins of facts.
Here she's obsessed with the moment.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
I think Hank and I were very exemplary in our behavior.
We didn't dwell too much about that.
Because we're waiting to find out what's going to the story there with the Asuchi and the big lunch.
And there's never any information in there.
I know it's Duff was conspicuous by her absence this morning.
Is he in a building?
I have not seen it.
Is she around or what?
What's the story with the muffmeister?
I don't know.
And then of course, Clarence who's always very tight-lipped.
Oh, and now we went through the ease real quick.
What is that all about?
Oh, this is exciting.
I wish I could see it.
Look into your speaker and maybe you guys can see this, okay?
Obviously your fisc is very fragmented.
But your hard drive is fragmented.
What does that mean?
That means you should defragmented.
How the hell am I going to...
Listen, don't be...
Don't be pushing the envelope here, okay?
Don't be pushing more luck.
And now it's just flashing, please wait.
So one of these minutes it's going to go all out of this back on evaluating card files again.
This is exciting.
This is like doing play by play, Geldy.
I sure hope he puts up a little bit on it broadcast last night.
Pants is one of game.
Does anybody care?
Or does anybody there?
By the way, there had to be like 15 people there.
Yeah.
The announce attendance was 10,000,
some which is a small-estancy built-by building.
And I saw it a little bit...
I was watching Leafs game,
but I saw a little bit of that game last night.
And there was nobody.
I mean, there were just sections that were empty.
If there were 3,000 people there, that was a lot.
Because basically for them to put anybody in a building now,
they got to be playing a team that's got its own fans.
Like there were a thousand or two thousand Leaf fans on Monday,
so it was a little bit better than last night.
But last night, as predicted by yours truly,
there was nobody there.
Nobody.
Oh, there's the Gs.
Oh, and that went to pretty quick.
Chey.
Don in for a lot of nails says,
what was most beef yesterday?
I thought it was sushi, not beef.
He started the show off talking about some very uninteresting sports stuff.
But every time he used to win it was longer than four letters.
He company dispelled it for those listeners from the show that was on before him.
Oh, I see.
He did this about four times with longer descriptive words
that he probably just stumbled on yesterday.
Then even started definitions for some of the words again for the benefit of those
listening to the show that was on from 10 to 2.
He wasn't acknowledging the name of the show.
He looked at Trounce Your Ratings Party.
Numbers don't lie, Mo.
Well, what does that mean?
What is she talking about?
Trounce Your Ratings Party.
I don't know.
I think she's applying that we have them or you have them and other people don't.
Oh.
I have bad to know what that means.
I guess he's getting it surely.
I had them.
Maybe he didn't have that sushi lunch.
Maybe he didn't work out.
He says, love that who did Mo, who did Mo for the black men and nifty wrestlers slap your white?
Thanks, Donna.
It's a real tweet here from you always.
And it says, please wait and we're not validating anything at the moment.
Hold on.
It's validating card files again.
Maybe this is just going to go on all day.
I think I've got to shut it down and try one more time.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
And then maybe by the way, we got the whole weekend coming, you know?
Oh, my God.
This is quite an experience.
I ain't seen nothing like this.
But if you think this experience is the way to we get these calls on here, man.
Can't wait.
70 QYM.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil Rogers speaking with your computer there.
I think what's going on there, you have what's known in the computer world as an ID-10T error.
What does that mean?
Well, I'll be right down and then you look it up and then you look it up.
And it'll explain itself.
It's an ID-10T error.
I'm sure I'm pretty sure that's the fact.
And what do you do about it?
Why do you have to?
Correct it.
By doing what?
By moving on to another call.
Oh.
Yeah.
I think it's already.
Yeah.
It's just please wait and please hang up.
It's headed right on there.
It's a please hang up an inch much.
Well, it'll, this is your pass.
70 QYM, hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
How did a short, balding fat fat?
Oh, God.
You know something, if you would die, it would make us so happy.
In fact, they probably kicked him out of Milwaukee where he went off to again.
So came back here with his powder and his tail between his legs.
Get lost.
Jesus.
Good almighty.
WQYM, hello.
Anya.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that lady that risked the fact that is true.
Middle Howard was ripping on the audience, I guess.
He was talking about a couple things and he was like, now I know these words maybe
too big for the listening audience that was on the previous show.
Uh-huh.
And he seems pretty well tight.
Pretty ordinary, huh?
Yes, very ordinary.
He was, he made reference to it three or four different times.
Oh, unusual.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
Okay.
Maladading card files are back to them again.
I think we got a ISP 482.6 error.
Look it up.
Look it up in a book.
That BFD problem.
Yeah, I think we got a BVD problem.
Okay.
Please wait.
It's his wait.
Now this has got to be, I don't know, what time did I start at the last time?
About 45 minutes has been going on?
They're about started like 22 or something.
Because we're nearly thinking about five minutes to go right through the whole thing.
It's his zip-stoo there and you're like, let go through all the files real real quick.
And I was just sitting there like, wow, he's just validating card files again, though.
This is fun.
WQYM, hello.
Big old really sucks.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you know for the movie poll, I can't believe seven was mentioned.
Well, let's add it on there.
Okay, we'll get a few votes.
Maybe six or seven.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
What's in the box?
Come on.
What's in the box?
Yeah, it was pretty weak.
Okay.
Let's get seven on there.
Okay.
What's in the box?
That was Brad Pitt's worst moment of all time.
He's had a lot of bad movies, but that was maybe the all-time worst.
Except maybe the legends of the fall.
At least he was still livin' into this one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, if you had any idea how this is just driving me nuts here watching us every idea,
what are you talking about?
Go through this fastic routine of it.
Now, do you think that it's going to like, what's your prognostication?
Well, it was 10, 20 that I thought it would do.
No, I'm not talking about a time.
Obviously, that's, that's, that's slow since past.
But do you think it's actually going to like finish?
Yeah, generally speaking, see here's the thing that, at least, how I am about computer years.
As long as it's doing something, that's good.
What is this thing?
Please wait, yeah, stop validating any.
Or not validating car files.
Right.
They'll boss came up again.
As long as there's some activity, that's a good thing.
It's when there's no activity, then that's a bad thing,
and you got to go call an engineer and your life is over.
Oh, no.
I just, no, I wouldn't do that.
I just threw it out the window.
Here's the suggestion for a poll, so it's one of our factors.
Probably somewhat weak, but what the heck?
Yeah, it is Friday, and we met this technical problem here that I created.
I created it because I like to throw on that.
I put my copy book on the mouse again.
I had like 75,000, it's Friday, you bastards, all but cute up.
And to get rid of my thought, well, I'll just reboot the thing like I did.
Remember that happened last week, John?
No problem.
I heard about that.
I got a call.
No problem at all.
I just rebooted it and it went through a zit through all those files.
Like that.
Beautiful.
So you want to know by now to keep your mouse in the house.
Well, yeah, but now it's not, but it's taken forever today,
like to get back to abnormal.
Anyway, which movie was better than the book was based on?
Oh, no, like you said, the facts are very weak.
Very weak.
And also it says, off the topic is mode totally without a sense of humor.
I hear a make fun of certain callers that he says are your listeners,
but he doesn't such an unfunny way.
I'll always try to be funny.
That's hard to listen.
And the war of which I think Mo arrives unarmed.
Oh boy, they're all over the Mollmister today.
And I guess he's all over our poor callers.
So that's always a good way.
I mean, not that I would knock the callers.
You do understand that.
Of course.
Great as they are.
Who cares?
Who cares?
But obviously they're listening.
That's the important thing.
They're glued to the Mollmister because they want to see who he's ripping and what he's
saying in the train monkeys and yadda yadda.
And don't forget about that new cue now.
That's cute.
But like, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, I'm having a day to do whatever.
What the whole of this poop pie over this day that it grows a pot.
Ain't nobody ever heard of Jackie Robinson?
Sure.
Rose a pot thrown on the bus.
But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man.
And played with balls in a major league of a children's game.
I mean, come on.
Who's the more put a black community?
Rose a box or Jackie Robinson?
Huh?
Jackie Robinson was my hero.
Why I can remember when I was a much younger man.
And Jackie, and he was working at the Jack Fuller nuts.
I walked up to him, shook his hand and said to him, you are my hero.
Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rose had made coffee not heavily?
No, I'm not a damaged hero.
What do you want?
Yes, Mom.
I think what you're doing.
Hey, hey, hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Oh, you can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Rose a box or Jackie Robinson?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lies between social activists and men.
Not that I'm presumed to.
Oh, you must have been disconnected through no fault of my own.
On any time, Tal, you're winning the high thorns.
What am I going to do?
You can't tell me Jackie Robinson is more for the bad guy.
No, no, that's not what I said to you.
I think I'm wrong here.
It goes up to like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Rose a box or Nipsey Russell?
Nipsey Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
I'll tell you what you're talking about, man.
I'm going to take it up.
The food they work in right.
Or who's straight question right?
The food they work in right.
Now who did more?
Who's a part of Slappy White?
Slappy White!
Oh, yeah!
Who did more?
Who's a part of Ratchet?
Who did more?
Who did more?
And I did more.
Who did more?
Where are parts of work parts?
No, no, that's not what you're doing.
I'm going to take this thing off.
I'm going to take this thing off.
10!
Who?
Only for the very old pal Troy.
1045.
And oh no, guess what?
Alright, finish.
Holy moly, rat man.
Can you believe that?
This is one of the most momentous moments.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, wait, wait.
Oh, alright, once it's enough.
I got worried there.
That's what started it off.
I'm like, can you chew a whole bunch of it?
Let's try that.
What you want to do is you want to set it up.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's Friday, you bastard.
One more.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Alright, so we got in.
We've got our cues back.
Everything is fine.
I told you, you're so damn impatient.
That's right.
So now what you want to do is you want to exit that program by hitting all tough 10.
I do want to do what?
Yeah, hit all tough 10 to exit the program.
Hit CD backslash to go into your root directory and then do enter.
And the interesting detective.
Can I see how long it was flashing?
Please wait.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll wait.
I want all inquiries made.
I'll wait.
Boy, if you had any idea after that.
There's no idea.
What are you talking about?
Oh, this is like a crunch to us.
I mean, you know, we got all the other stuff here.
I got my CD decks and I got this little stupid thing here.
But that's our lifeline.
Man, we've got 84 trillion.
Not only we've got 84 trillion bits in there, but there's about 20 of them.
We actually still play.
It's not a crunch.
It's our weapon.
It's a crunch.
Good job for the month of November.
Oh, God, please, please stop.
Stop the everything media that use him as a weapon.
Talk about a weapon of instruction.
He's like a weapon.
He's beating us over the head with him.
Just let him go away already.
Okay, let's, let's, let's, the holidays, let's be in a good mood.
Forget that he's even there.
Cheney has.
Most US troops will leave Iraq within a year and the army is broken, worn out, and may not be able to meet future military threats to the country's security.
Representative John Murthy said there he goes again, like Reagan would say, there you go again.
Two weeks ago, Murthy created a storm of comment.
We call for you, oh, we know that.
Murthy predicted most troops will be out of Iraq within a year.
I predict he'll make it look like we're staying the course referring to Bush.
Staying the course is not a policy.
Murthy expressed pessimism about a rack of ability and said the Iraqis know who the insurgents are,
but don't always share that information with US troops.
He said a civil war is likely because of ongoing factionism among the Sunni Arabs, the Kurds, and the Shiites.
It's kind of like Joe Erieola and David Sampson and Jeffrey Luria.
They hate each other like poison.
He also said he was wrong to vote to support the war.
I admit I made a mistake when I voted for war.
Murthy said I'm looking at the future of the US military.
Murthy decorated Vietnam more veterans said the Pennsylvania National Guard is stretched so thin
that it won't be able to send fully equipped units to Iraq next year.
Murthy predicted it will cost $50 billion to upgrade military equipment nationwide,
but says the federal government is already reducing future purchases to save money.
How do you like that?
The National Guard is stretched so thin and penciled in it.
Jason, you're on QM.
We don't have any National Guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
That's the National Guard.
Right?
That's the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
That does no National Guard.
My callers may be morons, but at least they know that the big chunk of the National Guard is in Iraq.
OK, Iraq, your Iraq.
Lieutenant Colonel Chris Cleaver spoke for the Pennsylvania National Guard for Indian Town Gaps said there were some deployment concerns.
Cleaver said some guard units had to leave equipment in Iraq when they returned to the USA,
which could cause training problems here.
I don't understand.
But of course there is no National Guard to wreck any waste of what are they talking about.
Right.
Or an economy-pink-o-proper-ganda.
Let's see.
Nate from my spawn beach says I was at the game last night quite that's running a fair.
All 2,000 of us if that many really enjoyed it.
How do you like that?
I'm trying to be nice and say there are 3, 4,000.
This guy says maybe 2,000.
The place looked empty.
It looked like they had like a bomb scare or something.
I got a free ticket in the Iversoswanky Club section.
I had section 324 all to myself.
Empty house, cheers to the Florida sportsmen.
And my best of qualities is Nate.
How do you like that?
Also here's a poll idea.
What mediocre crappy movie that you decided to suffer through turned out to have the best ending?
Oh, I don't, uh, don't what?
Don't agree with that.
Well can I at least finish reading it before you start interjecting and receiving?
I am so excited to have my DCS back.
You can only begin to imagine the sugar plums dancing through my head.
Use it a lot now.
Oh good, Gully Miss Molly.
That is our lifeline.
That's our lifeline.
I'm in fact, I'm hooked up to it.
I got the, uh, cue right to my toe.
Right connected to the, and maybe that's what it was.
Maybe I had some bad gas.
Is that how you input?
Oh, output.
You input, I'll output.
The usual suspects.
We've entered the Sith, Fight Club, Sixth Sense, Tandriyapes, etc.
Have the best ending.
No, I don't know.
I don't think so, do you?
No, I don't think so.
Ah, a crappy movie that had a good ending.
I mean, how could a bad movie have a good ending?
The only thing, the only thing good, uh, that's true in every case,
if it's a bad movie, the ending is always the best part.
Right, that's what we're talking about.
Exactly.
You're glad it's over.
Oh, man.
It's like some show.
I don't want to mention.
WCYM Hello.
Yeah, how are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pal.
This is for Moe.
How would you stop?
That's you CK.
And closing?
Lucy Russell.
Oh, you wouldn't know, Nifty Russell from, uh, Russell Crowe from Bill Russell.
Okay, cut the crap, pal.
Here with it.
Yeah, Moe knocking our intellectual audience out of you like that.
Our trained monkeys.
You've got some nerve, mister.
Let me tell you right now, Mr. Moe Meister.
He'll be on a tune today.
Mad Dog is mad dog actually working there that's been changed on the schedule.
Let me look.
My schedule says Jim Manditch had hooters in the pines four to seven three.
So does the most.
Well, how do you like that?
Two days in a row.
Oh, boy.
You're talking about going to have to take some extra wheaties.
Maybe some extra steroids.
Curtis Stevenson, seven to ten.
And any K at ten o'clock tonight.
No games, no panthers, no hurricanes.
Although you got the black hocks in the panthers tomorrow.
Wow, that is a biggie.
The black hocks couldn't win a fixed game.
WQAM Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
I've been looking to see you forever, man.
And I can tell you without a doubt that Moe bit with the Rosa Park.
Yeah, top five.
I don't say so.
Let me ask you one question.
Yeah.
Who did know I'm sorry.
No, I was going to say in that jerk I just called him and said,
if you're almost not in that you're almost like,
I'm going to lie.
Oh, yeah.
He sounded like slap happy to me.
Yeah, little slap happy.
I think too many people out there slapping it this morning.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
I got to get back to the old scheduler with the polls because the one we've done it before
and they'll say, oh, you're not doing that again.
I just feel like it.
We've done too many damn good polls, original polls, whatever.
So let's just go.
No, you know what I'm saying?
A, B, size, all that I've got in your memory.
I'm those old chestnuts.
My program director, W, I, Z, David Harsley or Horsley, whatever his name was.
He was a fathered Mark the Cune man.
But David Harsley was a real pseudo-electrical jackass, a real borish guy, even more borraced than I am.
Well, you know, those old chestnuts, I know plenty about old nuts.
But he used to use that.
What kind of people use that term?
And let's bring back some of those old chestnuts.
I'm afraid that one's new on me.
You ever heard that?
No.
Oh, like old, old, old, oldies, but goodies.
You know, old stuff that you've, you know,
I like it like a squirrel stores nuts.
I got to hang around with old people more, I guess.
There you go.
Well, you stick around with us.
70 QIM, hello.
In fact, listen to that crosshair with me and Hank every day to meet the ages 100 on that thing.
70 QIM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Ah.
Sorry, man.
I got the wrong number.
Yeah.
You don't have to wrong number.
You are the wrong number.
You got no material.
That's your problem.
Uh, he just, he just really gives the numbers out and he dialed it and then like, what do I do now?
I got through.
I got through.
Yeah, you're through.
Come on.
Let's get a lot more good calls like that between now.
And so I got a pile of stuff here, but who wants to hear all these depressing stories?
Like about how they want to get rid of Jew Lieberman and about the memo confirms Alito's role in opposing Roe v Wade and all these mysterious CIA flights to Europe, where they have the logs on them.
And the majority of America's Walmart is bad, bad, bad.
I do have one story I want to pass along.
Yeah, little update.
Well, I like to do updates when there's something that's like hanging.
You know, I don't like to leave any loose ends hanging.
That fugitive couple charged with aggravated manslaughter for allegedly feeding their three-month-old-a lethal dose of vodka are now in custody in New Jersey.
Good place for them.
According to the Trenton Police Department,
Mardala Dereval and Mackinson and Dantis.
Listen, I don't want to get into a whole thing with you, dark folks,
but you're going to have to start working on those names.
So it's just, I don't know, what kind of names are those?
Mardala and Mackinson.
Turn themselves in shortly before 1 o'clock yesterday and are being detained.
They were staying in Hamilton about 15 miles from here, said Trenton Police, Lieutenant Joseph Aldora.
And for some reason they just came here, walked in, said they were turning themselves in.
The department editor of the couple's fingerprints in the National Fingerprint Database and got a hit.
The couple standing in their police department wanted in Broward County.
Local enforcement authorities were immediately notified.
According to the police on February 13, an unlucky day for that little little kid.
Last year the couple fed Mackisha Dantis, a mixture of water sugar and vodka,
the sued the baby who was cranky and running a fever.
The baby was given a bottle at 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. again.
When the couple woke up at 4 a.m., they found Mackisha in her crib, Dave.
For a lot of the police in pain to work for the couple's arrest in October,
and here it is, it's only December the 2nd and they already got him in Jersey.
How do you like that?
Just a little update for you.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, CEO.
Yep.
Not too long ago, I was in your old stomping grounds.
Amran.
The Netherlands?
Never heard of it.
It's near Skippel Airport.
I don't know.
Okay.
I love Skippel, man.
It's a beautiful airport.
It's a beautiful hotel.
I stayed at the Sherrett and right there and it was a beautiful site.
Why would you want to stay there?
Well, I was working here there, so they came.
I had been there.
So you had been there.
Most people there, they got monkey business.
You had real business.
I had real business.
I like going there for monkey business.
Unfortunately, I couldn't do any of the monkey business.
It was right before.
There were train monkeys.
There's a lot of train monkeys over there.
And as a matter of fact, I like to remind you, this show is being brought to you by the number.
12, one, two, three, four, five, seven, eight, five, six, seven, eight, seven, eight, twelve.
Life is a pizza.
Come on.
See, he can't leave.
He's become part of the psyche of the whole community, man.
You can't go, Mo.
No way, Mo.
An interesting part of that whole deal is we've tried everything.
I just give up.
I've given up before and they say, well, let's give it another shot.
There is no meeting of the mind.
There's no humor.
There's no, it's just always hostile.
Hostel and dog.
Well, fine.
Fine.
You want to hate, you go ahead and hate everybody.
Okay?
We love you, Mo.
How do you like that?
You don't know what to do.
Just like in that movie we were talking about.
And I saw two nights ago, the whatever monster's balls.
No.
He hated everybody, but in the meantime, he loved doing her.
He liked chocolate.
And, but at least, ice cream and other things.
I don't know because he's right.
Don't be knocking Halley's berries now.
I've never seen him.
He looked as Christine and just perfect in that movie.
That was as close to perfection as it gets in that category.
I still have a quote from Halley Berry taped up on the computer monitor over here.
I read it often when I'm getting the mess and what did she say?
She said, the man for me is now the cherry on the pie, but I'm the pie.
And my pie is good all by itself.
Okay.
Anyway, 1057 at 560 WQYM joy.
Sorry, joy.
I want to apologize.
Joy's gets very carried away.
But, what?
I didn't finish.
I don't want you to finish.
Pompadopark racing and poker is back in business after Hurricane Wilma featuring live
harness racing in the great poker card room.
Pompadopark reopens today.
Oh, yeah.
And best of all, admission and parking, like always, are free at Pompadopark.
So come root home a winner from the rail or enjoy poker in the smoke-free card room with
tournaments every day.
And don't forget, always at danger.
It's old, brucey ranger.
Also harness, thoroughbred, high-lyer, cymbal casting action every day, seven days a week
from tracks all across the nation.
Live racing and poker schedule every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post time is 725
in the P.M. in the current room, open set noon.
Don't forget, live racing resumes tonight.
Pompadopark 725 in the P.M. Pompadopark is just a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Power
Line Road.
For more information in the current racing schedule, call 954-972-2000 or visit their website
at pompadopark.com.
Pompadopark horsepower and poker you can plunge your guts on.
Live racing at 725 tonight, poker room opens at noon.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.S.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
What the f...
This is your brain.
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
Any questions?
Yeah.
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
What the f...
And, I say it all the time in theJA.
Do you hear that another song about me?
Don't take much of it, god have you heard me?
Don't take all of it.
Well the second one is you know, I'm not so far away from this track.
Okay.
Now if you say no, by the lock down this track place,
You wanna,?!
Yes.
 f...
I said, the door is a packet of cow, the door is a packet of cow.
The door is a packet of cow, the door is a packet of cow.
The door is a packet of cow, the door is a packet of cow.
The door is a packet of cow, the door is a packet of cow.
I said, the door is a packet of cow.
Why you lose?
Ah, my God, I lost you, spoiled old bulls.
I know everything that's going on in fatoules.
Why I even know all the normal job rules.
I picked to the drive, got it on me.
You're bad just going back to life.
It's a bad issue when I take you place.
I know I ain't no way play with you.
But when they drop my voice, look, Jay.
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
A little smoothie?
8-11-02 at 5-60 WQAM, happy Friday to you.
I feel so much better like my whole wife and wife and stuff.
He has a wife, you know, had been turned around because my DCS is back.
Yeah?
Well, you're awfully, I don't know what your story is.
What? I didn't know that was a...
I just dropped something on the floor and I reached out to the bed.
Okay, that's what I thought you'd filled the briefs there.
You filled the gap with so many love grub.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
We have 8-11 votes.
That means we're going to go over 1,000 again.
Oh!
Of course we started this maybe at the 5-30 last night.
I'm going to just start abruptly whenever I feel like at the next pool.
In fact, I'm going to fax it to Eric during the next break.
Okay.
And I'm going to start it whenever I feel like it.
How do you like that?
Because it'll be up there all weekend long.
And we're going to go for 14,000 votes on it.
What are you saying?
Why not?
Can we handle it?
I guarantee you we'll get more votes on the pool than there were people at the Hockey Gym last night.
What's the story with that?
I think that franchise is on the way out.
I don't want to be the voice of Gloom and Doom.
But the Marlins are threatening to leave.
The Panthers can't draw flies to a manure pile.
The dolphins stink really bad and the course to heat.
I guess the heat.
That's where it's at, right?
Right.
I just did the heat heavy game last night or not.
I don't know.
Well, I beg your pardon?
I was busy last night.
You're supposed to be our contact with the sport nerd.
You're going to be the sport I'll take.
I got home late.
I didn't get to watch a little sport.
What do you mean?
I got home late from what?
I was at, I went clubbing last night.
You went clubbing last night?
A.K.A.
Oh, as you came home, he was in the bag.
Is what he's doing.
Yeah, that's pretty much.
Drunk is a skunk.
Get it out of your system already.
Will you please?
You're liver.
Talk, we were talking yesterday about liver and onions, you know?
Your liver is going to look like David Crosby pretty soon.
I have him in my prime.
And then, after that, then you're going to look like we do Crosby.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
Blair Witch Project 102.
Didn't see it.
George saw it.
He's still pissed off the egg at this time.
It's all out of the head.
It's been a loss.
Why did you do that?
Why are you so easy?
Why do you get conned in all this?
First of all, going to movies is something that I like to do.
And this was a good movie.
Yeah, going to bad movies is not a good pan.
Well, you know, you really don't know until you see what you know.
Right.
Blair Witch Project, in the beginning was bad and the ending was worse.
102.
Million dollar baby 68.
Contact 63.
The war of the world's 59.
Hey Tommy!
You fairy!
One flew over to Cuckoo's Nest 48.
All of the chiefs did get out the window.
He flew away.
He was great, man.
He was sensational.
Dumb?
Juicy fruit.
Oh my God.
Chief, you slide devil.
What are we said to him?
I think that was it.
Slide devil.
Money pived on in a Holy Grail 37.
Excellent movie.
Fantastic.
It's all other stuff at the end of his week.
Vanilla Sky 36.
Goodfellas 35.
The village 35.
Monsters Balls 31.
I told you.
It's just...
I'm sorry, but it was just too quick.
Okay.
It didn't have to get dragged on for a long period of time.
But it had to be like some kind of a dialogue about the tombstones there.
Like something.
Well, whatever.
She was not too bright.
Monsters Ball 31.
AI 28.
Once upon a time in America 26.
Hey noodles, how's the Luxiancogal coming?
Signs 24.
A Charlotte Rousse.
That's what it was.
Remember the code we had yesterday?
Yeah, I did it to a Charlotte Rousse.
I still don't know what it is.
I'll write it in the book.
I really liked it.
He loved it.
Signs 24.
Unbreakable 20.
Now Brian Blue, and there was a kid that got like...
He was on some stupid soap opera for a while.
I remember he had blue eyes.
That's terrible.
I remember that.
But I do remember that.
And he looked really good for about 20 minutes.
Sometime in between that movie and the soap opera.
And he got like real Harry and Ugly and then he disappeared.
We never saw him no more.
That's sad.
That's what happens to guys.
Women, they can be like 50 and still look fantastic.
We've talked about this before, but it's true.
Some women are peaked as far as beauty in their 30s.
Maybe even 40.
I think it's backwards.
What?
Men have a longer shelf life.
No, absolutely not.
Listen, don't be tell me about men.
Okay, I know all about Jason Gidrich's syndrome.
So what's most guys get 25 no matter how good they look before.
They start looking pretty margin, okay?
That's your particular...
That's why men die earlier too, because they work their ass off
and women and all that testosterone too.
That's what does it.
You stick your women, I'll stick to my men.
I'll ask that easily.
But you're right.
We can agree on that.
And Moe, he can stick to... he can just stick it.
Signs 24, unbreakable 23, heat 22, up in smoke 19.
The bird's 17, Maggolia's 17, Mulholland Drive's 16.
I'm going to get that for you too.
I'll get you Mulholland Drive and we're going to get you the way of the gun.
All right.
Momento 13, Bridges of Toko R. 12, Donnie Darko 12.
I've never seen any of these 11.
See?
How can anybody not see Kuku's nest?
Right?
Or buddy, who's on our list?
I think that's the one that's pretty universal.
Let air everybody has seen that.
But 11 people never see none of these.
Oh, it's holy grail.
Even though I'm too old to have in there.
A lot of people don't know from Monty Python.
I'm sorry, I know that very verse you're bubble,
but it just happens to everybody.
I know.
Jacob, well, that's your crowd.
You know, Jacob's ladder 11, Jeepers Creepers 11, Lord of the Rings 1, 8,
Scream 7, The Vanishing American Version 7,
Legends of the Fall 4, Less than 0 had 3, and 7's got 2.
Got that?
Less than 0, 3, and 7, 2.
7, 11.
I have 800 plus votes.
We'll get to our 1000 easily today, and I think that's what we'll do.
I better face this to Eric during a break.
And then we'll change the poll once we get to a thousand on this poll.
How's that?
All right?
You think?
Let's do it.
Anyway, this article about Jew Lieberman.
I just thought you, of all people, would be so happy,
but it's much too long.
It's on our website.
Is it not Josh about Lieberman and Step with GOP and how to run the war?
That's right.
From common dreams.org.
Where's the thing about moveon.org?
Where the hell is it?
I can't find it.
Well, it's in here.
It's too long of the article about how he's in Step with all the Republicans,
and he's really, and move on.org wants to support his Democratic opponent,
and the primary, et cetera, et cetera.
It's too long.
I was just very happy to see that that people are finally admitting openly and publicly
that what they've been saying behind closed doors.
You sell out, you quizzling, you idiot.
We hate him like poison.
Kind of like Joe Aereola and David Samson.
Well, you know, it's interesting.
The one thing about the Marlon organization and the same,
I guess with all the sports organizations in South Florida,
and maybe because Wayne has been involved in so many of them.
But their pubic relations really sucks.
You know?
Really sad.
I noticed that.
Really bad.
Everybody hates everybody connected.
Whether it was John Henry, whether it was Wayne who wasn't in business for the fans,
it was business to make money.
Dad, I did that.
I like that.
You know, we're the hostile.
And now these are two guys, man.
These carpet beggars.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Not there online.
We'll mark that down and say, glitch.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
When was this?
You heard that Moe Man yesterday was all over Goldie because Goldie went out to lunch with a buddy of his.
And when the kid came, he said he forgot his wallet.
And the other guy had to pay for the meal.
Yeah.
And I mean...
Mr. Contuse, Goldie, with Rimmery.
You know, they both were panther announcers.
You must have been confused, but you'll forget my wallet trick.
I guess, and always, the ragged on everybody yesterday.
It's just bad, Moe.
Can you?
Come on.
We want you to be part of the family.
What do you say?
Come on.
Even though it's a very dysfunctional family, there's a lot of hatred involved.
Just to come on a hopper board.
I guess maybe they had that sushi lunch this week.
Maybe they didn't turn out all that well.
Nobody would tell us nothing.
Everybody is mum.
And I guarantee you most of our audience, they even had people that hate to hear them like poison.
They were on that hero website this morning.
From the minute they dragged their ass out of bed, they ran to their computers.
And they clicked on the hero.
They went to very jackass.
And they skipped past the part where it talks about varying his mommy and his brown and a bag lunch.
And his baloney sandwiches.
And they went right to the part where they article is.
And they looked and they scoured.
And it was not none there.
Well, Barry, you can't keep teasing us like that.
Barry, hey Barry.
You're too fairy.
You give us a little song of dance about the big lunch between Greg Read and Mo this week.
They might extend the deal and his mo gonna be around.
His mo leaving his mo, mo, mo, mo off and nothing.
And we have to count on him because we certainly don't get no information from inside.
And Muffy said she ain't even around today.
Haven't seen her.
Have not seen her.
Claris was in there earlier this morning.
I think these people are just screwing off.
This is ridiculous.
Just because they count on us to get the big numbers.
And they just screw around a little bit.
A lot.
They're here one day to go in for like four or four.
Well, McCain's got a basketball game.
Claris is going to be gone for two weeks.
He's not a vacation.
He's just, he's away with the team.
And I still say it's pretty unusual when so the broadcasters are taking showers with the players after the game.
That to me is above and beyond the call of duty.
When you say, are you kidding?
That's what it's all about in this part.
I see I forgot about that.
It seems kind of gay to me.
But what do I know?
What are their perks?
I guess I'll find that.
11 past noon at 560.
We got the mole man at two who's going to rip you people and ass.
He is hostile with you people who listen between 10 and two.
The people who call between 10 and two.
The guy who used to be on with him in the morning.
The beast Joe Rose, Hank, you name it.
He is hostile.
Mole shadow boxes the universe between two and four.
And then we got Mad Dog at the Hooters and the Pines four to seven.
Curtis at seven o'clock tonight, etiquette ten.
That's our award-winning schedule, a pristine schedule.
No games.
Oh, look at all the golf crap we got on the Marla.
Look at what we got on Saturday.
What is that?
Holy.
We got Lenny Martez and every pay attention to the weekend schedule.
But no wonder we got Sirus.
We got Lenny Martez, Panthers weekend edition with Gildi at the Mika Sookie, whatever.
And then we got Gildi at the Mika Sookies and then we got Orlando at the something.
At the catch of the day.
What is that?
Is that a restaurant?
I would imagine.
I'd never heard of that.
No, Sirus, they've never heard of the catch of the day.
No, but I don't get out much anymore.
You know, something very interesting is happening on my monitor here too.
This is technical. This is bizarro.
It's going black and then when I scroll the mouse, it takes about ten seconds before it comes back up again.
Huh.
What's that all about?
What's that all about?
A regular computer you're talking about.
Yeah.
I'm a brand new monitor with my nice computer.
I don't know.
I mean, it's working okay, but it's a little scary there.
I mean, I was sitting here before and this thing says, please wait.
Please wait and it's flashing and flashing.
And my life was flashing before my eyes.
And then I look over here and this thing goes to black.
So I'm thinking the screen savers on there and I moved the mouse and black.
It's like that coffee that Jackie Robinson gave me was really dark black.
And sitting there on it, you know what I'm saying?
11, 13.
Here's your girlfriend.
What's her name?
Mrs. Limbaugh.
Sir, that's good.
Oh, you bitch, man.
We hate you.
Like, go pop a couple of odd things into Russian's purse.
Armstrong Ford, one of the areas fastest growing automotive dealerships,
takes business, development associates to maintain contact with existing customers
by an incoming and outgoing phone, mail, and email in order to develop an increased customer loyalty.
Applicants should have direct customer service and telemarketing experience.
Computer and data entry skills are a plus.
Africans must be bilingual and able to work flexible hours.
They must be bilingual.
Incredible.
Armstrong Ford offers an outstanding compensation package,
which includes hourly wage plus bonuses and benefits.
You must be ready to start work today.
Contact Roger Aguayo at 786-295-787.
That's 786-295-7887.
Armstrong Ford is a drug free workplace and an equal opportunity employer.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAZ.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music body of your profile story.
First, it was band-aid.
A bunch of lame ass British people raising money for charity.
While no bunch of limes were going to make America look bad,
not when we could up-check something like USA for Africa.
Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on We Are The World.
He speaks here through a translator.
Basically, nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich,
broad stars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat cater food.
Oh, he had a food for USA for Africa.
It was freaking unbelievable, Billy Joel.
It would go on to fame as a drunk driver was also there.
They had this shrimp wrapped in bacon thing.
I don't know what they did to it.
Maybe they marinated it in something but man.
Good thing.
Can we lose a green?
Oh, definitely.
What I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa was the Bavarian Mint Strutal.
Bruce Springsteen was there as well.
Here he speaks through a translator.
Basically, we wanted to show the British that Reddit comes to bringing in a bunch of jerk off celebrities together to raise money for charity.
USA picked ads.
USA for Africa.
It was all about getting food to the people who needed and eventually getting a deportable suit.
It's a big juicy, something like a show business tonight.
My name's Simon Hein.
1119 at QIM.
Somebody says a Chinatown, Richie says, a Chinatown?
For today, I assume.
I guess.
We can put it on here.
That poll is going to be a 5,000.
I just already faxed the earth and eat pool for over a thousand votes.
But nevertheless, here's the best facts from Georgia all the time.
It says your screen saver is enabled.
And then Georgia's got the various things they got to right click on your desktops like properties, yachty yachty yachty.
They got it like done, hit OK.
And then on the bottom it says, send Georgia birthday check.
Don't tell me it's December 6th, is it?
Yeah, it is.
Very good.
Oh, I mean, it's December 7th.
I don't remember the date.
I had no intention.
Well, I just forgot.
You know, no, no.
I was going to have to make movies here.
Right.
But I guess you'd rather have the check.
Of all the years that it's been optional.
Well, I'm going to send it out this weekend.
How do you like that, eh?
Plus your heart.
A big fat one.
And maybe a check too.
Yeah, Georgia would like it.
Oh, we got some great bad news.
I shouldn't be chocolate now.
Did you see the bulletin on there about what happened in Fallujah with the homemade bomb yesterday?
No.
10 Marines killed and left in Fallujah, exploded in the home.
It happened yesterday, but they're just releasing the news today.
Oh, you know, what freedom marches?
Is it marches?
Yeah, yeah.
This is getting to the point.
I don't know what it is with you people out there.
How much, eh, because I lived through Vietnam.
And I remember the whole business.
And, you know, we're not talking the same kind of numbers,
but it's exactly the same kind of crack.
I'll tell you what is a crack-mire based on a pilot lies in an unwinnable situation
that we didn't belong there in the first place.
And, eh, it's garbage.
And then that's what it is with these people.
And innocent people are dying every single day.
And, you know, every time one of these people dies,
it destroys the families and older friends and families and loved ones and wives and fathers and mothers
and a whole bunch of other people too.
But don't confuse them with the facts because freedom's on the marsh.
You know, all these chicken hocks, man, all these draft dodges that send people over there to die
and haven't got any idea how to get the hell out.
This is absolutely, positively, unacceptables what it is.
And the public sits back, oh, let's get the Xbox!
Ha, ha, ha, you know.
I think all you people are to send George a birthday check too.
I do like that.
Yeah, that'd be nice.
This is a token of your life.
I think Moa ought to bring in a birthday gift too.
You gotta come in there and pat you on the head and say,
I'm so sorry, I tried to get you fired to the, you're okay.
And here's a thousand dollars.
He could pat me on my balding spot.
Yeah. We're just on your balls.
Five, six, seven. Come on.
Let's get these phones smoking, baby.
I want to get these maximized the cause.
We want the minimizer and a maximizer.
So my screen saver is enabled. Now what does that mean?
Well, but why would it go off?
No, no, that's just the default setting for any computer
when you get it new.
So you have to actively go in there and turn it off
or it'll just keep shutting your screen down.
Yeah.
Well, I want the screen saver to be enabled.
No, you don't.
I don't.
No, it's just more things running that you don't need.
Just turn it off at the end of the show.
After the show, just hit the off button on your screen.
That's the best screen saver in the world.
I always do that, right?
Well, actually, I don't do that.
Here in the industry, we can't afford to be having our monitors turn off
when they want to.
Well, I right clicked on my desktop and it's not doing anything.
It's just sitting there right now.
It's just like the other thing.
And everything is still.
I don't know if you're right clicking on your desktop.
I just did.
In other words, minimize everything.
Just relax property. Select properties.
Yeah.
Okay. There you go.
Screen saver tab.
Screen saver.
Okay.
Got it.
Am I supposed to do this on here?
Under Screen saver, hit this.
Hit this.
There's a little menu for selecting.
Huh?
It'll say once you hit the Screen saver tab,
you'll hit a little, there's a little, like, a box there with an arrow next to it.
Little down arrow. Hit the down arrow.
Yeah.
Select none.
None.
And then hit okay.
Uh, none.
Okay.
Yeah, I think just blew off.
You maniac.
That's cute.
I'm ginger, juberto.
It's a good thing you reminded me because it's the furthest thing from my mind.
Normally I let other people do it, but I can't leave it in the hands of others this year.
Well, what does that mean?
You let other people do it.
Well, like, you know, like, somebody like a caller or somebody will call before my birthday.
Well, why is your birthday was the same as Fat Rich's, wasn't it?
I don't remember. It was his December 6th.
I think so.
And I say, St. Nicholas.
Oh, he lied about it.
He'd run you Baltimore.
Or Ellie Ungenzalis.
Well, that's who it was.
You're the same birthday as Ilya in the need to maybe the app well as we like to come and check you out.
Come on over grandma.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
This is Glian.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
You're listening to the world, but more Howard David show your head down my head up my ass.
I'm telling you, I don't know what he did yesterday, but boy, he must have just, uh,
he must have lost it.
I don't know what to deal is.
Preserved narrowly, we like to mind our own business.
Okay. We'd like to infringe in other people's territory.
But there must have been something happen between two and four that we just can't handle no more.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, Neil?
All right.
All right.
Hey, I'm a marine veteran, man.
And I want to thank you for all the things you said, you done.
And also, I'm a liberal too, you know, and I was cracking off the way the way Mercer came out.
And you know, he's a crack.
And you know, this guy, you know, was bleeding men in the battle with most of these people were, but then, no, no.
That's not the way we're snorting coke.
Okay.
Let's never great thing.
Get some help.
Okay.
How are we doing on this pool now?
Let me just see if Eric got that thing because it's going to take him a while to like, oh, I, you know, something.
And this man is just, he's too good to be true.
Eric, he really is.
He's the unsung hero of this show.
Josh takes all the credit for the computer stuff, but don't you?
Yeah, I'll take it.
No, no, you know, eight hundred was that eight sixty eight.
Another hundred and thirty two votes were going to swish.
I got eight sixty seven.
I got eight sixty eight.
I'm a heavyweight because I turned off my screen saver.
Now, let's just see if it doesn't, if it doesn't do that in no more.
So in other words, when I'm done, I just shut off the monitor monitor.
I mean, that's the best thing anyway.
I mean, your tube is going to cook, even if you're just displaying a light.
You're going to cook.
Oh, I sure hope not.
So if you want to really extend the life of your monitor, just turn the damn thing off.
Yeah.
Well, I don't want no monitors dying, especially this expensive, expensive, any C one I got here is a real nifty neat one, you know.
That sits right on top of my neat new HP computer.
But I'm trying to be old opt to quest monitor that is sitting here for my DVD and what are there DVDs?
The DCS.
This thing works just fine.
And that great the way it just took a long time before I came back like like wildfire.
Yeah, you're all fragmented.
What it was so I should like defragment.
I don't know about it.
I know that takes forever.
Sure does.
Because I've done that with puters before the defragment.
And why would I want to do that with this thing anyway?
Don't worry about it.
Oh, it would be so much fun to screw it up again.
Yeah, it would.
How many QIM Hello?
I'm Camille.
Yes, sir.
I never hated anyone on the radio beef bowl.
Till I heard Mo, I hate Mo, I hate Mo, doi, doi, doi.
How many QIM Hello?
How many?
Yes, sir.
Hey, can you tell George I found his dad?
Oh, God, please, please.
Listen, if you wanted to date with George, if you got a couple of thousand, maybe he's fallen on tough times, maybe you don't have to write price.
Out of the list.
Yes, just that list.
WDQIM Hello.
QIM?
Fuck Rick Landage.
That was good, wasn't it?
We all hit it.
Yeah, oh yeah, real hard.
Banged it.
Claimed it.
That's a good point to take the break, I think.
Anyway, how are we doing on the pool with the movies?
We're going to put Chinatown on there, but if you want, but why even bother?
Because we got eight, eight sixty-eight.
It's just froze at that point.
I think you're not really froze up my screen saver.
It froze up my numbers.
That's how I do.
Eight sixty-nine.
They're pouring it by the ones.
Which is probably good.
We don't want to get to a thousand too quickly because if we do that, eight seventy on the pool.
And we get to a thousand, you're going to like plots when you see that the newest pool is going to be four.
I'll plots right over.
But I like it.
I like that.
When I like a little fast food now and then.
This is Neil Roger.
This is five sixty-two eight.
I die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die.
Following is a test of the FEMA alert system.
This is only a test.
What happened?
Where?
This was only a test.
If it had been an actual emergency, you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days.
Give or take.
Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn took bad taste in new heights.
Now they're taking it six feet underground in funeral clasher.
Well, there's the Davis family that looks like a classic service, too.
The O'Reilly family is the one that's going to rock.
You think?
How can we pass up an Irish way?
It's the drop dead, comedy sequel of the year.
Funeral clasher.
Mrs. Engie, we're really sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Yeah, really.
So, do you have a sister, maybe a daughter, perhaps?
What?
Vince Vaughn.
We got to go.
Have a stage five morning.
Ed Owen Wilson.
They say we only use 10% of our brain.
I think we only use 10% of our cure in funeral clasher.
Fearful season change.
Coming soon to a part of the new year.
That's a new American matter.
Anyway, right?
I'm dying on the hands.
27.0.0.
And so here's the story on the dead Marines.
Yeah.
A roadside bomb through the killed 10 Marines while they were on foot patrol near Falugia.
They marines are from regimental combat team 8 second Marine Division.
11 Marines were also wounded in the incident.
Four of them have a return to duty.
The improvised explosive device, the IED, was fashioned from several
large artillery shells.
The Marine Corps said this brings the total number of US military deaths in Iraq to
2,123 with whose counting?
2123.
Ed is just goes on and on and just like Vietnam and the body bags.
And of course, only this time we don't get to see it.
And then the story was even on NBC News last night that I talked about yesterday.
About the propaganda that we're spreading.
We're paying the so-called journalist in Iraq, the newspapers.
They were planting stories that Pentagon is to, you know, lies.
Some of them true, most of them not.
And like I said, if we're doing it in this country, why don't we be doing it over there?
That's right.
Propaganda.
No more news.
Just propaganda.
Yes, lies.
And the Democrats are, but I mean, but I'm out there.
They're like, oh, well, we're trying.
We're trying to grow up here.
We're watering the Mayor B. Day like the Chia Patan, seeing if anything grows.
884 on Edpole.
We'll have about 1000, I would say, like, right about 1230ish, something like that.
All right, that'll do.
566-705-60-1 to get a lot of your calls in the day because I know there's a lot of strong feeling out there about the bad panther crowds.
566-705-60 in town.
And about Georgia's birthday coming up on Tuesday.
Yeah, how old are you going to be on Tuesday?
41.
Oh, ancient.
And listen, chronic John was a cross-stanker and go away.
They'll just pull his clothes, but it'll take about a little while.
Stop at a pull-adding, okay?
You'd grab me nuts with your pull-advictions.
Stop at a baloney.
That guy, seriously, the fast machine is just like the phone.
There's a little bit of good.
No, it's just a little bit of good stuff, but I would say a large percent, large percent, much larger than that, is just chronic with no life.
Over and over and over.
Oh, please pay attention to me.
Please, go away.
I'm passing the slots up there in South Carolina.
John, get lost.
1 out of 5, maybe.
That's how many I pass along.
Oh, it's a good day.
Shocking.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
All right, Neil Rogers.
This is from the Boston Red Sox and the fans in the New York, matching their fans.
Okay, good.
We don't care about either one of them.
WQYM, hello.
Is it Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, are you mentioned, Vietnam a little earlier?
What I was thinking is, when we were fighting over there after a while, it was like, if you guys want to become, is that bad screw?
We'll just get out of there.
Yeah.
Why don't we just pull out?
You notice that our interesting thing in Vietnam is that we couldn't tell who the enemy was.
The same thing is true in Iraq.
Exactly.
So we don't identify the enemy.
30 years later, those guys aren't exactly our friends, but they're usually in that relationship now, right?
Yeah.
So, you know, I take no big neighborhoods in LA anyway, the Vietnamese.
That's true.
I'm never a tribe Vietnamese cuisine.
Have you, it just in San Francisco, Arizona?
I don't know the difference to be very honest with you.
I mean Thai cuisine is like, I prefer Chinese.
I'm going to be very upfront.
I like Chinese food better.
Thai is okay.
It's a little spicy side.
I'm not crazy about Thai.
No.
A lot of coconut, noodles, banana, I mean, not banana, but fried banana.
Peanut butter.
You'll peanut butter and anna.
All of us would be so pleased to be back.
Let's bring it back.
Come on, Elvis.
We know you're out there working somewhere.
He likes his peanut butter and anna or sandwiches.
Yes, he does.
But Vietnamese food and Korean food, I don't know what that is.
I don't know what kind of animal it is.
I don't know what that could be, huh?
Well, you can go to the Asian market.
No, thanks.
You go there.
I have it.
It's over at the QYM.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
I want to tell you I'm down from Detroit.
You're here, mate.
You're great.
Yes, I am.
I mean, I eat.
Where do you live in Detroit, sir?
I used to live in Southfield, a 12 mile in telegraph, man.
Oh, man.
Warren Michigan.
Tell 12 Mall.
Warren Michigan.
Warren Michigan.
How about Warren Mackelmer, man?
Hey, you're great.
I tell all my friends.
I know you don't hear it.
I mean, any crowd yet, I guess you listen to you guys.
You're great.
I think you would.
I miss him.
Okay.
Thanks for the second round.
He is from Detroit.
I'm great.
How do you like that?
I'd be big in Detroit with the 20 white folks that live there.
And maybe a couple of the dark folks.
5, 6, 7, 8, Detroit used to be a great city before some people decided to burn it down.
In fact, I'm so inspired.
I might just play that whole soundtrack today.
You know what?
What's the point?
I love that.
I might watch it again this weekend just before I send you out that small check.
I watched it twice.
Yeah.
It's going to be a couple of fewer zeros on a check this year.
Times are tough.
Aren't they?
No, it will be the usual, very generous amount.
I take care of everybody.
I might even send Josh a check this weekend.
I don't know.
I know you want to leave me.
I'm going to get you a goal.
You know, I was going, I saw my pile.
I guess the maid decided to move some of my CDs, which I wish she'd keep her paws off all of my crap, especially in this room.
Stay out of here, bitch.
We're going to have you deported.
My building, they got all these illegal alien maids, but anyway.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
It's true.
I thought that you'd send me a Harper CD.
I came in here to flip the music on for you.
The city pulse, the audio.
Before I went into the show and I was thinking to myself, that Harper is so good and his music is so bad.
What is wrong?
He's got such great talent.
Maybe he's got bad taste.
Some people can sing and some people can write and some people can do both and he can't.
Well, I don't know.
Whether it's the writing or the prelude, I wish he'd just sing all the motimes stuff.
There you go.
We'll get somebody to write him some good songs.
Yeah.
And Joan Osborne.
Man, she votes out to any time I sound.
And of course, old Chaka-san.
Hey, Chaka.
Hey, if you want to see a great movie over the weekend of your boarded it, go out in the rent or buy or steal standing in the shadows of Motown.
If you're, you don't have to be all that old.
If you're just like Motown.
Even I think Josh might like that movie.
Don't you?
No.
Now you don't like Motown.
I'm sorry.
Too many black people in it.
Yeah.
You don't like Motown, really?
I think it's just fine.
No, that's not an answer.
That's not.
What?
Are you asking me if I listened to it on my personal time?
No.
I don't have a problem with it.
A lot of times I'm listening to it.
But like if a song came out, I heard it through the grapevine or like a good...
I think it's good.
Well, I like the arena.
If they're blasting outwards.
Are they still playing the audio way too loud with the Mac Arena?
If I stayed for the games, I'd let you know.
Oh.
Well, I mean before the game is when they really crank it up.
And you're trying to talk to other people.
You can't even hear yourself thinking it.
That's part of that whole fan-unfriendly atmosphere.
And I tried to tell them year after year.
Just like I had to tell them about the gold lights.
You know, when I first built the place to say when a goal is scored,
they used to have like a little tiny red light about the size of a Christmas red light,
you know, behind the goals.
I said, I don't think that's going to cut it, boys.
You're going to have like big flashing lights in there.
So people know the goal is great.
That's part of the excitement of a hockey game.
Oh, gee, well, wow.
And they let me pick the goal lights the next year.
Remember that?
Right?
Like I was the only one in the whole crowd that had ever seen a hockey game before.
There's something really wrong in South Florida, okay?
Let me say it again.
Selling hockey to South Florida is like selling halava in Ethiopia.
It just ain't all that big.
It's like selling canolies at the North Pole.
I do love that chocolate-cover canola from Durham.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
Yeah.
WQAM with their fairy bill, Kabal.
And they don't come.
Any better than Todd Keller.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned.
I bet you've found the second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was FEMA.
Broken levees, FEMA was nowhere inside.
FEMA!
Eating with warning, FEMA's boss was in bright.
When the storm was over, water was everywhere.
But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
Yeah, they beat FEMA.
No bit contracts.
They went to Haliburton.
FEMA!
Response more quickly when it's rich people hurtin'.
When it's rich people hurtin'.
Absolutely.
FEMA!
It's 14-Dildona QA and happy Friday December the 2th.
My God.
It's already in, of course, once we get in the last part of the month,
nobody's gonna be workin'.
Right?
It said George.
Right?
And then you're gonna have vacation anyway.
So like I said, nobody's gonna be workin'.
It'll be the Josh Cordeshow.
I'll be goin' vacation real soon too.
Right.
Where are you goin'?
Seattle.
When's this?
The 12th.
So two weeks?
Sounds like 10 days to me.
Sounds like a week and a half.
I'll be doin' it.
So like when Monday, if he asks me,
nobody tells me anybody of these things and who we gonna have in a new place.
Please don't tell me Robert Greeper.
I'll be out sick.
Whoever you want, I guess.
Yeah, whoever I want.
It'll be a surprise every day, I think.
A surprise every day?
Uh-huh.
Two men are in police custody after allegedly robbing a McDonald's
and hiding on a nursing home roof.
Today.
Highly police say they aren't men held up to McDonald's at 29th Street
and 4th Avenue, around 11th and 30th last night.
Police say the men rushed into the store or did everyone inside again on the floor and two big max.
They stole $2,000 and fled the scene.
One man was found on the roof of a nearby nursing home.
Police say the man shouted at Glassdoor to get inside a facility and use the lighter to climb up.
They ran, they hit on the roof, they actually shot through a Glassdoor and ran through a hallway.
Lieutenant Mike Velorosa said,
luckily we had a lot of officers here.
We set up a perimeter quickly.
The suspects stayed in the perimeter.
We were able to lay out the audio.
Police say they found some of the school in cash.
New the nursing home and some racked in a sweatshirt.
Near the K-9.
Police dog printing facility in the area.
K-9.
Hey, look at him.
Pretty exciting stuff going on in the high alia.
That's another place that nobody ever wants to go to.
No more.
Don't go to high alia unless you either live there or you as somebody forces you at gunpoint.
Right.
Once the last time you were in high alia.
Once lived there I told you that right next to what used to be Miami Lakes High School.
Right.
High alia.
I can't remember the last time I was there.
Dumpy placed that one.
I made you pardon?
I can't remember the last time I was there.
The last time I was there was a high alia racetrack.
Years ago whenever that was when they were trying to save high alia, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
And the flamingos that were blown into whistle and the flamingos were marching and there was nobody there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
It's kind of like the hockey game last night.
There was nobody there.
You can lead a horse through the water but you can't make him race.
I'll take that and high alia is a perfect example.
Thank you so much for turning that place into a toilet, Mr. Brunetti, into an absolute toilet.
Oh, God.
I remember those concessions stands down under the grandstand.
Oh, my goodness.
If you thought the food was an unappetizing, the people serving an upward like really something.
I can't say the word.
How are we doing on the poll now?
914 old bean.
Pretty soon we'll have our thousand on there and we'll switch to the weekend poll.
Aren't you excited about that?
918 old.
And I'm sure glad that somebody told me to get rid of that screen saver.
That's a pin in the ass.
Eric was really figured it out.
Did he?
Yeah, he said he has got a screen saver on it.
Yeah, but how come...
That doesn't explain to me though.
How come it was going to black for like so long?
No, usually when you're screen savers on you, you're like just tip your mouse a little bit.
You just touch your mouse.
Right.
And like he gets back on the screen, but this was like just stuck there on black.
I guess it was touching that way.
Don't you think maybe it has something to do with that poll we took the other day about Rosa Parks?
I think it all ties in.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, geez, that was going to be a good caller too online, too. I could smell it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Robert Churches.
No, that's not good.
That's not good.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Boy.
They are abrupt.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, I want to make a similar request.
Yeah.
Can you play the thing where the guy calls up to complain about the yeargay?
No.
Can you remember in Jones?
Oh, that is so old.
Good God.
I just played that the other day, didn't I?
I just played that the whole day and thing.
You're gay.
There you go. That's enough.
That should passify him.
Put it back in your pants, Reverend Jones, and calm down.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't like the ending to Cannonball run.
I think Adrian Barbos should have won in the Lamborghini.
I agree.
Okay, good.
In church degrees.
Hello, everybody.
QYM, hello.
What about Bob DeMovie?
Hey, Ian Barbos, by the way.
What's the big deal with her?
What show was she on?
Adrian Barbos?
She went on some...
Huh?
Mod.
Oh, that's what it was.
Mod.
That's one of the reasons I hated the show besides B Arthur and the husband and her.
Other than that, it was great.
Sure.
Why, you liked Adrian Barbos?
When we were both younger and her boobs were, you know, at this level instead of where they're at right now.
Yeah, boobs described that show perfectly.
That was a long time ago.
Geez. Oh, God.
It was Mod.
You watched that show?
No.
I thought we were talking about Adrian Barbos.
I mean, I've seen it.
That doesn't count as Mod.
You've seen it?
Well, maybe that's why you liked it.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hey, they called you, did you have to say?
Yeah.
I can't imagine David Niven or Lady Bird's house in the second or what.
Man, that's true.
David Niven was must to use to dignify for that.
He probably snulled his fingers afterwards.
Oh, and maybe he picked Lady Jocelyn's butt.
Lady Bird.
A tree, a shrub and a bush.
That's why they called her Lady Turd.
WDQYM, hello.
Boy, like I said, you got a grab and quick today or they're like off to the races.
Maybe they're going to Hylia.
WDQYM, hello.
I'll find the metro rail that goes to Hylia.
WDQYM, hello.
That's right through.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, buddy.
Anybody who goes to Seattle should take a 15 minute plane ride and go on over to Victoria, B.C.
Right.
Now you're talking.
Beautiful.
Yep.
And passport, Josh.
Bring your passport, though.
Got it?
I'm going to pass a port, though.
Screw that, man.
He might be able to take a little boat over there.
Oh, everybody just say.
I want to get a passport, but it's like 130 bucks.
Listen.
Listen.
I don't need a runner.
Generally speaking, you don't need one depending on where you're going into Canada.
Oh, you just your birth certificate will do.
You got a birth certificate?
I got a copy of it.
That might do.
Check when you get there.
They do boat tours out of there all the time.
Yeah.
They probably don't have to have a passport.
Now he doesn't want to go.
You get a passport.
I'm trying to write it out.
But all the big bucks they're going to start paying you next year with your, your raise and all those extra sports updates.
You're going to be traveling the world.
You'll take your lady, friend, or now, leave her home actually when you come right down to her.
Okay.
Now that you're doing the website, don't they cut you in on all those auction scams that they do?
But you got a percentage?
I think I embarrassed them out of those auction scams.
No, you didn't.
I do.
They're still doing that?
I don't know.
No, I don't think so.
I think I embarrassed them out of that.
Wait, wait, wait.
Take a look at tomorrow's schedule, man.
We got games that have been invented yet.
We got Panther Game on Hurricane's Game on 1360 and Panthers on 560 and we got something on Uranus and oh, boy, all over the place.
And you want to know it.
See, that's what they're doing.
They're busy selling spots and all that crap.
How do you like to try to sell those Panther games, huh?
You want to buy these spots, you guys?
No.
Come on.
I think they're all over Howard.
No.
50 cent.
How about 30 cent for a spot on the Panther game?
So they give them away free for a year.
They don't even give you like a live endorsement, right?
WCYM, hello.
How you guys doing?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Let me say it again.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
The 8-year-old brother was also in Swamp Thing, wasn't he?
Yes.
And also one more thing.
How about Titanium?
If you get a chance and if not, it's quite a huge bastard.
Oh, it'll go starting out again.
Yeah, that's what started us off on kind of the wrong foot this morning, okay?
This guy just doesn't understand it.
Maybe he turned in late.
Okay, let's start us off on the wrong.
Oh, look at that.
Look what I just cued up, something we can't play.
It'll make you something or other it says.
No, we started off.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Yeah, I leaned something on my mouse again and I cued up about 45,000 of those.
So to get rid of it, I turned off and rebooted my DCS computer here,
which you'd generally takes about five minutes.
And it took what an hour?
Their bruise, the excitement level.
And that thing finally went off the please wait.
And this nice colorful blue and green and red screen came on.
And I thought to myself, oh, there is a guy.
It's still good.
Wow, that was emotional.
Because you never know.
When you're dealing with computers, you never know for sure exactly whether it's going to come back and be like it's supposed to and configure or whether it's going to just croak on you.
In fact, it could still be flash and please wait.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Pretty good, pali.
A long time listener since 1979, actually.
Oh my gosh.
I actually got lucky with your dating and mating show back in the early 80s.
Well, congratulations to you.
Anyway, just wanted to say, last summer, one of your polls was, what was your favorite Elvis song?
If you did that last summer, I just felt a good poll would be, since some of the Beatles fan would be, what's everybody's for Beatles songs since they recorded it.
I'm sure we did that, but we could do it again.
I don't think you guys did the Beatles, but...
Oh, yeah.
Oh, OK.
I bet you George's life on it.
All right.
Well, anyway, I thought it'd be a great poll since the Beatles are an interesting group and they did a lot of great songs on diverse, high-tech music.
Yeah, even the ones who were alive are moderately interesting.
OK, thanks, pali.
OK, have a great time.
What do you think?
Beatles favorite song?
Paperback ride, huh?
I mean, I love the Beatles battle.
Well, someday when I'm in a Beatles mood, I'm not in a mood today.
I'm not in that whole thing.
Although Jesse McCartney, I wonder if he's kid in the Paul McCartney, not, is not.
I already googled it.
I make it important.
You never know.
I want to get rid of those pictures on those websites that you saw who that's bad for my image.
OK, it's not good.
Not good.
Those are...
In fact, if he looked like that right now, I'd say, oh boy, all this...
Wait, stop, you.
Only some kind of a fruitcake would...
Well, he looks like some kind of a fruitcake to me, but nevertheless, he's getting real pretty in his old age.
560, 560, and the good part of it is there ain't nobody out there knows who that is, which is good.
What's his name again?
Joe Kabilowitz.
Joe McCartney.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Miguel.
Yes, sir.
Do you have a brof doll of smoke?
Yeah, yeah, I do.
I have a blow-up doll.
I'm blown up.
Eric says we did that Beatles poll already.
Yeah, I know we did.
Thank you, Eric, for verifying.
But I just say to tell the guy, we already done that, didn't we?
I said that.
Yeah.
It was a while back.
I mean, the one that was coming up very soon, how many votes we got on this thing here?
We got nine, nine, 27.
So, what do you got?
Nine, 26.
See, I'm way ahead of you.
Way ahead of you guys.
That's because you got better internet.
I got nine, 32.
How about you?
We loaded down nine, 32.
So, anyway, we'll be up to a thousand pretty soon on this stupid day.
They hated this poll about the movie endings.
I don't know why.
It goes to show you, how do you account for taste?
Sometimes we do a poll that I think, but this is really crap.
And all of a sudden, you get like 80's of people calling in and they go nuts.
I think it's a very good point because if you like movies, if you're into movies,
the ending is the most important part, isn't it?
Right.
Yeah, it's all about that.
It's like sex, all of a four play is fine, but the ending is the most important part.
Well, I guess maybe these people just maybe they enjoy a bad ending.
This is Neil Rogers.
That's them.
This is 516 Q.A.M.
Hello, everybody.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers in 12-1 hour is brought to you by the Legend 12.
What do we put by 688,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
You're ready, let's go!
All right, Mr. Bush, your word is clandestine,
Like is in clandestine operation.
I-I-A-N-C-L-N-T-I-A
Wrong book if I'm okay, Mr. Clinton, your word is monogamous.
P-R-O-S-T-I-T-U-T-A
Not even close, okay, Senator Kennedy, your word is sobriety, yes,
Who the hell picked these off, anyway?
I-C-H-I-B-A-S
Wrong book if I'm okay, but I-I-I-Don't get drunk off there anymore,
as I've built up an immunity to it.
That looks like the field's been narrowed to two people.
Let's start with Ross Perot.
You have an easy one.
Please spell government.
Name sample, let's go to the charge hand.
You've got S-H-T.
Horse mode count, anything you want.
Let's say, let's buy cake.
You're out, and Mr. Stromb, Thurman, you can win this thing.
If you can spell the word antiquated.
O-L-B
Oh, 10% right now, and we have a winner.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The most unacceptable blending, let's go from the bottom up. Less than zero and legends of the fall four. I guess they like the fact that Brad Pitt died. It was just a fishing accident.
7, 6, speaking of bread. And that's interesting that Brad Pitt had two of the bottom up in three.
Mm-hmm.
Screen 8, Lord of the Rings 1, Head 8, they're vanishing the Merck in version 10. The bridges of Toko R12, Momento at 13, Donnie Darko 13, how's Teddy doing?
Jacob's Ladder 13, Jeepers, Preppers, there's Wally and Mr. Peepers 14. The Birds 18, Magnolia 19, Moha and Drive 19, Up in Smoke 21, Heat 25, Unbreakable and I've 26, I've never seen any of these 26, how's that?
Signs 29, What's the Pond of Time in America Head?
About 30, man.
AI had 33, Monsters Balls had 36, The Villains 36, Goodfellas 36.
Bonnie Pyson and Holy Grail 41, Vanilla Sky 45, One Fool Over the Cuckoo's Nest 56, War of the World 68, Contact 71, Million Dollar Baby 79, and in first place with a comfortable cushion, the Blair Bitch, which project?
You know something? Anybody that went to see that, including George, you deserve what you got?
Oh, that's such a revolution.
You know what? Here reminds me of the old economy against the new economy, those witch doctors on the gambling channel, the same thing.
It was a horror, revolutionized filmmaking and these guys with no experience and they went out there with their little camera.
I wasn't a boy moving anyway, most of them.
With their puke cam, the new poll is up, I'm going to talk about it for a while, I'll let it build some votes.
I voted for Taco Bell. In fact, I'm going to move for Taco Bell right now.
I voted for Wally.
Huh?
You voted for Wendy's?
Yeah. I like Wendy's a lot. Of the burger joints, yeah, I like Wendy's a lot the best.
I could have voted for Taco Bell. If you go to Taco Bell, you won't smell.
As opposed to to go to the curry of village.
Oh, man.
As a lawyer and the Reagan Justice Department Supreme Court nominees, Sammy will Alito play the leading role in devising a legal strategy to overturn the landmark Roe v. Wade document abortion, the rights case documents to slow the Wednesday show.
Alito argued an 85-memorand in the administration solicitor general that two pending Supreme Court cases were an opportunity to advance the goals of overruling Roe v. Wade in the meantime of mitigating its effects.
In a strongly awarded 17-page legal analization, Alito recommended advancing the administration's ultimate casing enthrough by defending state regulations requiring doctors to provide women seeking abortions with information about fetal development, the risk and unforeseen detrimental effects of the procedure,
and the availability of adoption services or paternal child support. He is a Roe v. Wade killer is what he is, okay?
Who's probably going to in a spare time in how we got the Scalia that goes out duck hunting? Yeah.
This judge probably goes out hunting abortion doctor in a spare time. Wouldn't surprise me.
This is important facts.
The last American version for you for the poll that's over with now. Too late. Too late. Sorry. You lose.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQ I am. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I've got an idea for purple. I know you haven't had yet. Who is your favorite Howard Howard has been? How would Shnellen murder? How would the duck? How would the low?
See, just another way of taking a gratuitous shot at mode. That's all it is. Sorry, Mo. Are we sorry? No, we're not. No, Mo. That's all of this.
You people are fixated. You are obsessed. And obviously you're listening. That's the most amazing part you're listening between two and four.
Which is fine. That's what we want. We want you to listen 24 seven every waking moment to QN. That's exactly what we want.
If he guaranteed that he was going to be taking some shots at us or anybody, we'd all be listening. We would. We would.
We'd all be in an open segment. Speak for yourself. Okay, sir. I got a big lunch to eat. I'm not sure what I think I'm going to tackle Bell now.
I think I talk myself into it. Not a bad idea. And the sun is shining. Look at this. Where did this come from? This is the first time I see in the sun here in a long, long time.
I'm in a crackers age. And it's already here with the temperature is. That's exactly what it is. All we are supposed to make it to 34 today.
I don't think we're going to make it that. But the sun is shining. It's one of those days when it looks beautiful sitting inside and look at outside.
And you can see the smoke from that big smoke stack on the top of that building over there. It's just a beautiful day in paradise.
Somebody QAM? Hello? Yeah, sir. Yes, I don't. Why?
Come on. You can do it. Stint it out. Sweetheart. What do you say? I'm something. I don't know what the least battle. Somebody QAM? Hello? Yeah. Yes, sir.
I like to say. Yeah. How's that for a whole? How's that for a whole? I like to say. Can I suggest something to you, sir? Yeah.
Seriously, get some new material you call it every day. Of course I have. I just like having to win now. You're an idiot coincidence.
I'm first that I like to say you're an old coup. We don't want to talk to old coups. Who thinks that you're very creative and very funny.
You're not even you're just annoying. You're an annoying old coup. I'm first that I like to see your ass in a box. How do you like that, sir?
I like to see your crusty old ass in a box or on a bone. And Brad Pitt ass. What's in the box? We can say that old coup with his bumper sticker. And you know what?
We'll even stop a couple of bumper stickers on it. Yeah. That good. The idea Eric also says we did the who's your favorite Howard told?
We did one who's your favorite one? Howard. Yeah. I know we did that already. Look, I'm the poll we're doing now about the fast rule.
I'm because you people want to hop all over Howard's fat ass. Absolutely. Call up Howard and tell him you want to jump on his fat ass and see what he says to you.
Okay. You'll probably say absolutely. You just said. Somebody Q. I am. Hello. It's the time for the shot.
Parting show. Somebody Q. I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got one for the absolute worst ending ever. Unacceptable.
Yes, it is. But over with your weight behind the time. You can hit that guy's house. That's got the bumper stickers. Okay. You can slap on each other.
Right. Don't ask. You people are pathetic. If we don't give you a poll idea to latch on to. How about how about some answers to last week's poll?
I don't know what the hell is they were, but I'll find them. Good. Got him. It's Molly. That is just pathetic. I got one. I got one. Yeah. I don't think you do got one. I think that's your problem.
You think you got one. Maybe you had one, but it's missing. Okay. I call a police reported missing.
Just like that bitch in a ruby. You know what's there? Starting that crap up again now. They're starting it up again.
They find a shark that admit I don't know. I was in the drugstore yesterday and I see the inquire front page. She's alive.
The daughter is a lot world-exclusive. Then I see on supposedly there was some phone call between her and mommy. I don't know.
And then last night MSNBC. I'm channel surfing and there's the mother around again with that Dan Abrams.
He's just one step away from me to Cosby. Cosby went out of service with the aruba chick and her two in a ruby.
Anybody that goes to a ruby deserves to get kidnapped raped beaten murdered whatever that that's my comment. Okay.
If you go to a ruby. What about a drug? Can't you get drugged to you know I drugged slug.
I'm bugged. What ever you want to get drugged? 70 Q.A.M. Hello. Robert churches. No, I got no guys. No guys.
70 Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, Sarah. Oh, Neil God. Yes. Two things I wanted to say. First of all,
every time I think I'm can't hear a funny appality of the song.
Folk what main comes up with it.
It's a record does it. He's amazing. And I poke a delivery. That stream of one you've played before is just this.
I don't know. Yeah. And then the.
Oh, if I had gotten up early and out and put an entry on the poll, it would have been old.
Okay. Good. See, I'm messing with their lives now because I'm changing the poll in the stream.
And they're so slow that when they just catch up to whatever we were doing before, it's like, oh, no, there's no no.
There's no. When you were talking about the poll on there 5 30 last night for crime or a lot of people had until almost until noon.
Today to come up with bad movie endings. Okay. That's it. That's done. We don't care about bad movie endings. No more.
We don't even care about good movie endings. How we care about is the ending of that poll because we didn't even do a thousand votes on that damn thing.
So I always like they hated it. In fact, you know something that should be a staple.
Put that on today's the new one on the bottom of the poll and on. I hate this poll. Okay.
That's guaranteed to be this maybe 2000 every day. I hate it. I might win. I think that Joe Argoio and what's his name?
Who in David Samson? I think that that's the epitome of what South Florida is all about. I thought it funny.
The great hate city of Miami and the Marlon organization and there are about their carpet baggers and he don't know what he's doing.
He's an expert and they're all screaming on each other in the meantime. That could have been no no stadium.
This is not going to be like the end of the Wayne saga because one thing about C Wayne was local. He knew what was in everybody's garbage.
But these guys, they're, you know, they don't know what they'll what strings to pull. What strings like on a Mary Annette?
You know what I'm saying Josh? I'm Mary Annette like in that movie. Yeah, right.
Uh-huh. Team Team Russia world Nazis. Oh, look at that. Schmata heads voting. Of course, very important events and seeing Iraqis vote despite their watching all those four women with their burgers on.
It's always very enlighten you see that. 12 minutes past noon at 5. 60 you women. You're unclean. You're unclean. Cover yourselves. Okay. Cover yourselves because if we identify you, we might slice your head off.
All this crap that goes on in the world, well, the Bible says the Bible that was written by a bunch of ignorant men who, you know, led around a bunch of even more ignorant, ignorant, ignorant.
I wonder what if women would have written a Bible? Yeah, what a different world it might be, you know what?
It's probably different book anyway. Women are quite as bloodthirsty as men. I don't think I should be wrong about that. We're wrong about that.
I want. Yeah. Like I said, if women would have written a Bible, we'd all probably all the men would be dead right now, except for like a couple for breeding. No, no, they'd have figured that way.
They'd hook them up like that. They'd all hook up with Janet Reno. 1213 at 560 WQM. Pompooh Park Racing is back at poker as well back in business after Hurricane Wilma featuring live harness racing in the great poker card room.
Pompooh Park reopens today. In fact, that poker room is open right now. At best of all, I miss in parking always free at Pompooh Park.
Come root home a winner or maybe a whatever. Root home somebody from the rail or enjoy poker in the smoke free card room would turn them into every day.
You'll also find some of the casting harness through a bread. Highlight action every day, seven days a week from tracks all across the nation all across Canada to a live racing in poker schedule every Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Post time 725 PM in the card room opens at noon. So all the action is back at Pompooh Park, which were thrilled to say because Wilma gave it a really bad blow.
Pompooh Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for more information or the current racing schedule called 954 972 2000 or go online at pompoopark.com.
Pompooh Park, course power and poker you can bet on. Card room is open right now as I speak racing tonight 725 live racing 725 tonight.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
Right. You bastard.
I'm not saying anything is I'm right now you're a birthday check. Lovely. So you need to fill the get there. I'll just stop writing. No, no, I got to
put up a matter of fact. 670 1112. So like this of pizza. Okay, I'm done writing. Oh, man, all of a sudden he came up with that material real fat. Mike says for the pool. Sonics. There aren't any more son food, but in Orlando, they're a great after a binger. Binger. Yeah.
Now we're a manager of ginger. Oh, speaking of ginger, I got that ginger right as fact. Yeah, anyway, that's what my system, but we don't got no sonics. So, you know, I feel the good. Most of our people can't go to the place. What's the point of putting it on there? Okay. What's the point Mike? Thanks anyway, but go have another.
Binger. God, ginger. The best fast food is it when these 22 all fast food blows 15. Steak and shake eight. Arby's eight Taco Bell. Seven. I love Taco Bell. I like Wendy's, but I love Taco Bell.
Man, give me that burrito supreme with no beans. Please hold the beans. Miami subs six and W for Popeyes for Poeotropic,
out for McDonald's for Burger King three subway to KFC to crystal one checkers one. I hate this pool. None. Pizza Hut. None churches.
Cheek and ain't gotten on yet. How about that killer flu chicken? So we got almost done with votes on the new poll already. How do you like that?
I think it's good. Yes, or was good to from AC subs, chicken fingers. Well, you got chicken fingers from AC sub.
You know, thank you so much. And thank God that I run and I mean Scott's not there anymore. Right.
So whatever happened with that place, did they sell it or something? What's the deal with that? No, I think that.
That's just a management change kind of a thing. I think that the probably the most outrageous thing,
one of the most outrageous things that's ever happened on connected with the show was when Scott from Atlantic City
Stubbs, this was at holiday time or superbowl time or something. He brings me in a piece of copy. Right.
To read on the year, the only problem was that they weren't finding any spots. Yeah, that was Huffspot as they say.
Brought me in a piece of copy. Wait, does he have a lot of hipspotter superbowl platter? I'm pretty sure we're superbowl time.
You know, superbowl platter is missing it. Here's a piece of copy if you would please. Yeah, everything okay.
Everything okay. Things good. All is good. Yeah. Go away. Scott, you make me nauseous. Okay.
You make me feel so anti-Semitic when I see you. God 90 almost 100 votes already.
I pull faster. You can say Mo's on a two. Don't be picking on Mo. No, Mo.
So in private minds, would you like to find out? I mean, not in stock my private number one priority,
but you know, now that Barry Jackass kind of like what did everybody's appetite for either Suci or what went on at lunch.
And that's it. That's the end of it. How about Muff? Did she ever show up today? No, that other one.
Mo, what's that all about? Maybe he's got a day off. That's something's going on. We don't know about.
Clarence is there and no Muff. WDQIM. Hello. Yes, sir.
That one's faster. That was a finger. And that's a pull off of a water pipe.
Oh, so that's what he meant. Also, that bumper sticker guy is definitely the one he's hurting for sitting.
You know, all the time he's holding for what? But it's in Cain on all your political. Yeah, that's right.
Well, he's got that guy's older than death. Okay. 100. I was wondering about it.
Must be him just burning over. Okay. We'll call me again in a month.
That's the guy I was talking about. What kind of demographic? You want us to worry about the demographic?
Okay, sir. Don't get your nose involved in this business. Once you get your nose in it, man, your nose starts smelling real bad.
Trust me when I tell you this business stinks. It reeks. It's like a breach.
Anybody out there eat breachies? I sure hope not for our sake. I like it. I like breach. Get out of here.
Breachies my ass. I doubt it. Although it's probably similar color.
Yeah. Wtqym. Yes. Qym. Try to get. What do you mean try to get?
There's nothing selected by my screen. He said something that he vanished.
Wtqym. Hello. How you doing?
I'm fine. What is it?
Chicken fit. Pretty good. He's trying from the time. What is he mumbling about?
I'm telling you the quality of these calls both in content and technically. What do you say?
Kissing Sydney. He's kissing Sydney. He said chicken kitchen, but it's not fast.
I'm glad and that's not me. I mean, I'm not popping up.
No, I don't have anything. I'm like we're getting a wax out of my ears here. I can't hear waxy,
so I'm going to know waxy build up. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe they have another one of those
listing parties today. You think? Oh, bear. Maybe Duff is over there with Maddie Bell sitting in his lap.
How many Q&A? Hello.
Yarm on. Got one for the ball. Yes, sir.
Just got finished stuff in my face with Chick-fil-A.
Chick-fil-A. I heard it very nice. Is it good? Yeah.
If we we we be in. Okay. That's what it was. He said it's a bueno.
Got Chick-fil-A. Do we know how to spell it?
No, they are not. Is that all they got? Is like chicken sandwiches and chicken.
What is the thing? They got waffle fries, which are really good.
They are waffle fries. Yeah. One of those things that we used to buy that they still sell,
those cheese things. Oh, man, those crackers. They're not crackers. They're like two little crackers
put to get you. They're like Oreo cookies with cheese. Yes, cheese and crackers. They still
have those everywhere. No, no, no, not cheese and crackers. They come in a cube like Pringles.
Huh. They're like two little cheesy wafers and they got cheese inside in the middle.
You know what I'm talking about? They come in a tube like that. Yeah, they come in a tube.
That is correct. No, I don't know. Oh, they've been making those since before before Mary got pregnant.
Got by me. Okay, somebody will know what those are. Those are really good. Do you never have those?
Let them know what? Does Josh know what I'm talking about? No, definitely not.
Well, it must be something for old people. Let's bring it back. Somebody QIAM add their still around.
QIAM, hello. They're cheese curds. Curds? Curds. No.
WQIAM, hello. QIAM, hello.
Hey, El. Yes, sir. You said, son, what about like Crystal burgers? You have Crystal or White
Castle? Lana? Crystal is on it. There ain't no white castle in South Florida, sir. That's right.
My family from Michigan and they get the same ads that they're for Sonic and everybody down here
is the same way. Where's the Rasonic around you? The only one I've seen is on 70 and 27
out central Florida in the arcade. Yeah, that's so you gotta go to Arcadia by the nut house.
I like that billboard that got since you got to be crazy to eat here. 5, 6, 7,
0, 5, 6, you know what those cheese things now? That's gonna drive me nuts.
They're like too like crap, but they're not crackers, but like too little wafers of their cheese
colored like orange, okay. And they're worth it and in the middle there's cheese.
Sorry. And they come in a cube. That sounds good though. They are good. They're really good.
They're bad for it. They're probably good at all their trans fats and all kind of cholesterol and
man, but they're good. Sounds even better now. I'm gonna go out into the supermarket day and I'm
gonna go to lobloz and see if I can find some. All right. 70 QIAM, hello.
Yeah, yes, sir. In America, you say a thick of a bowl if you're a manful.
Manful. Yeah. Is he good or what? Is he good? Brilliant. Good target.
I just I just wanted to let him finish once sentence. Where are you going to go? Yeah. I know
where he's going to go. Believe me. Same place as George Bush. QIAM. Hello.
Hello QIAM. Yes, sir. Cheese waffles. What needles look like? Is that what they're called?
Cheese waffles. I think that's it. You know what I'm talking about then, right? You got it, man.
Those are great. Those are great. You know, you know, you know, and they do come in a
hue, right? Now they come in a bag is well. What do they do? Yeah, they make my eyes.
Wise. Okay. Thanks a lot, Tyler. They make my real wise. He used to be the PD at IZ.
And it also was the PD at kiss for about 10 minutes to like got onto him.
Kick his cheese waffles. Now, tell Tommy you've never had those. Never had those.
Google it. Don't know. They'll have a picture of it. It'll show like a waffle. See the the surface
of the cookie cracker thing is waffle. It's like a waffle thing. Both of them are like. That was great.
Huh? Well, I sent you a picture and a recipe of a the classic lemon Charlotte Roose. So if I
said it twice, that's because I, you know, I'm a person to me. I'm more emailed it. Yeah.
Well, I'm not going to mess with that on Yahoo. No less. Yeah, whatever. Oh god. What kind of a Yahoo
uses Yahoo. I hate Yahoo. I can't send it to your other email. No, no, I don't look at it. I'll
pick a puke at it. But it means I'm going to be better Google cheese waffles. I'm doing.
And I guarantee you once you look at it, you say, oh, yeah, I had those.
Technically another thing they used to make. Christos. Huh?
They buy Chris go. Chris go cheese waffles. I got the wise ones that they're in a bag though. Oh,
but they're making a difference what they are. And I don't know why I think the ones I had were wise.
I think wise might be made in Rochester, no less. Well, I've never had them. Isn't the isn't the
and wise has got like a little owl. Is there logo? Yeah. The one. Yeah. See, that's what I tell you.
I think if you if you Google wise, you might get that. We might get like hemorrhoids. So anyway,
you're looking at you never had them. I have not never had them. I'm looking at them. Although these are
they're showing them in a bag. Well, they could be what they're making. They show them what they look
like outside of the bag. Well, they look like waffles. I'm not sure if this is what you were describing
though. I guarantee you what else would I be describing? I don't know a cheese wafers. No,
they are like wafers. They're like two wafers, cheesy wafers that like waffle. Okay, so you've
walked away. You can be pleased. Continue bright. Like the cheese in between them. Right, exactly.
That's it. Oh, man, I want some right now. That looked good. Something a big cube.
20 past noon at 560 WQM. Rich room filling sound from your ipon. We're talking of course about
the power of the Bose sound. Digital music system. It brings the music on your ipon. The light even
charges your ipon while it plays. Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear. And that's
because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most from the music on your ipod.
The system is friendly with ipod. ipod mini ipod nano and ipod with video. It's slick
appearance. Statically blends with your ipod almost any room decor. It's easy to use. Even comes
with a remote that controls the sound doc system and basic functions of your ipod from all
away across the room. Let the room filling sound of the Bose sound doc digital music system
delivery new ipod experience. Insert ipod stick that baby in there and hear what happens.
Experience the sound doc today. An Apple Best Buy circuit city, CompUSA,
Sharper Image Target Or tweeter. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QAM.
Then Neil Rogers. Absolutely. What are you thinking about? The order and a flight to
Isle's Alanga here. It's the only strip to a hand can go through promotion.
Have those things on my left? Yes. This is basically resembles Simgonway.
I'll be like that, Harry. A lot of poor people.
And he bit me. If he doesn't wear a trouble too much dress. Play it.
Everybody's dead by us. Oh great. At least we have George the Ditis.
He was facing the unteen North West.
The West possesses the wisdom of surprising nature.
Is he whether we do now, George?
No, I know. But we have plenty of water and provisions if we use them wisely.
They're the product.
The right old.
Hey. Who took all the water?
I didn't. You take all the water?
That's right. In the piece or two.
What did you do that for?
Because I'm here. And it don't matter if you're here.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's be a simple shepherd about this.
I need to be comfortable.
How's that?
Well, you know who I am?
Of course it's more important that I have lived you.
Why I'll have you know.
No, what's the big bad name?
His blood and strip his hide for food.
Now see here. I ain't no delicate person.
You know who I am.
I'm Moe. I'm an enemy to them.
And I've made my bones in the here.
We can make a necklace out of his bones.
What a shame!
171 votes on a poor ass.
That's not too shabby.
Cliff says the Popeye chicken bar none the best chicken
and biscuits. Why people should try it?
Oh chicken and biscuits.
You know I hear about biscuits and gravy.
I get wherever it's all over.
Oh, I've got places got biscuits and gravy.
That's good. That's hardies.
Yeah, I can't stand on any of those fast food biscuits.
Those really dry.
Oh biscuits.
Oh, that's for Glyam, man.
Biscuits.
But the hardies, there's no hardies in South Florida, is there?
Are there?
Do they be?
But keep going through this.
I don't remember if the one is still open.
But other hardies is good.
I like that shroom burger they got.
Man, they've got good cheese shroom burgers.
Yeah, they do.
There's man chicken and Swiss and all kinds of good things.
The best fast food is that we got 171.
Wendy's 37.
All fast food blows 21.
Steak and shake 17.
I thought everybody hated steak and shake.
We agreed that we'd like to shake some of the burgers
or like a crappy and all the meats falling apart.
Didn't we agree on that?
I don't know.
Maybe there's some dissenters out there.
Maybe they're shaking it.
Taco Bell 14.
I hate this poll 13.
See, I totally is moving up the ladder.
Poirot tropical 10.
Arby's 9.
Mimey subs 8.
Subway 7.
Oh boy.
A&W 6.
Popeye 6.
McDonald's 5.
Chick-fil-A's got 4.
And you like that?
We just put that chick on there.
And she's already got 4.
They're good.
They have C4.
Checkers 3.
Burger, aren't you going to get kind of chubby if you eat there, ain't ya?
Little.
I don't think I ever ate it, checkers.
I know there's one on Biscayne there right around the firm.
We're used to work.
They're okay.
There's one right up the street up to the station.
Are checkers?
Yeah, we're going to a way home.
We're miles.
Right north?
Yeah.
No, south before you get south.
I'm right right right right now.
I'm not going south.
I'll see that right now.
South and Newport.
No way.
That's moving into Dave County.
Checkers 3.
Burger King 3.
Crystal 2.
Pizza 2.
And Church's chicken ain't gotten none out of 175.
Church's chicken's got the big kitty like that.
I must not be too rock solid.
Church is chicken or it is.
You're now about to eat every no church is chicken.
Did you probably probably did probably did?
I'll be there.
I've never had none of them cheese things though.
Cheese puffs.
Oh no you got me.
Well they call it again cheese waffle.
That's exactly what they are.
I'm going to look like little waffles.
Now you still have cheddar cheese in the inside.
That's absolutely absolutely.
You'll be pleased to know your check is in the envelope.
The envelope is already addressed.
All right.
I already got the two 50 Cent Canadian stamps on it.
And the moment I leave here is going in the box.
Well I'd say a grand bill be staying there saying,
what's in the box?
It's already spent.
Well good for you.
That's why I said you were something.
Josh can wait another few days.
I'll get over the weekend.
I don't know.
Don't feel what?
Hey well you're already walking in the box.
You might as well throw it in.
No.
Now you're going to wind up.
Your ass is going to be in a box.
If you don't watch it mister.
He is such an ungrateful little bastard.
You know it's just all this boozin and screw in and I mean it's just out of control.
Oh you like to ride it.
You're going to be burned in hell.
You better repent and then you're evil get ways right now.
Now you'll you'll get taken care of.
That's what ductal.
Where the hell is she today?
I don't know.
What's the story with a Moan Greg luncheon?
Where the hell is Muffin?
Who's on first and who else got some of them waffle things?
Maybe she's on a personal day.
I cannot believe that you looked on.
You googled it and you went under and you've seen it
and you actually still never got it.
No.
They also back in the day.
They used to have which I'm sure they don't make anymore.
They had like two little thin patties frozen with the cheese inside.
Cheeseburgers.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
I'm trying to remember.
I get yeah you make them in a fried pan and the cheese would melt from the inside.
Oh those were really good and they also had.
I know they're so good.
You know how Morton cheese dogs.
Mortons makes the pop pies which I hate.
Pop pies are strictly for real going on.
The whole made is good but those are frozen.
Oh gee.
Pop pies.
Yeah.
But anyway they used to have like Morton's little frozen spaghetti dinners
in like a little tray, a little aluminum tray, a little tray, a little hot tea.
Heat in the oven.
Huh?
Yeah.
You never see no?
I must have.
That was the best.
Right now I'm horny for those little Morton Spaghetti's and I don't think they make them
normal.
I haven't seen them in years but those were good.
And what you would do is you'd cook them like for about I don't know if it was supposed
to be 15 minutes in the oven.
And you'd bake them for like about eight or nine minutes until they've got like a little soft.
Kind of like the idea of putting the ice cream in the microwave.
Right?
And so you got a little mushy and then you take your cheese and you like take some Swiss cheese
and just jam it in there and then put it back in or finish cooking them.
The cheese would like all all man.
God.
What is with this eating crack?
I don't know.
Well see if that was a god we wouldn't get fat from eating.
And then of course the response is well that's man man and better all these fat and they
are right your mom okay.
Get out of here.
We wouldn't have all these diseases and all these damn nets and viruses and crack.
How could anybody possibly be so ignorant as to believe this?
All the good books as they have a good book with all those people getting murdering each
other and that's something good book.
Even the godfather ain't over that violent.
So last night I told you I saw in the much-hannel was it it was on court TV Canada.
And then our special under a documentary about the history of the Sicilian Mafia
which the good thing is he didn't get into the American Mafia.
All the fact that he was the only thing they said was that it was far bloodier than the American
Mafia's ever were.
Yeah when they saw all these bodies laying in the streets there and people running around
Archipicia.
All this other crap.
How does that mean?
What?
Archipicia.
Archipicia is like Manajalam Azadi like oh crap you know like oh you've a like that that's
exactly what I should keep you.
I thought it was a kind of island.
I beg your pardon?
I said I thought it was a kind of island.
You know we're going to send your ask to Polarimoman and then they will fear somebody and
won't be you.
So they showed that whole thing and how they finally they finally feel they cleaned it up although you know
although in fact they showed that there was some private airport that they built there just
for the afflying to America of all the Apopi's all the refined poppies that they were smuggling
from Turkey and all the other friends.
And Afghanistan.
They didn't mention that Afghanistan.
Thank God that the Aherwun the poppy is growing again in that
Afghanistan so we can get all the heroin fraud you drug addicts out there.
That's good news.
The 20 to 1 at 5 60 W.
Come by the way for the Moad addicts.
They're a growing number of Moad addicts.
He'll be along with two today.
Mad Dogget who doesn't apply for Curtis and Eddie K.
Rounds out our award winning Friday lineup.
What do you want?
We got no hockey games that's tomorrow.
10,000 some odd and the people tell me when Josh is when he was there before the game
there were like 15 people there and then when you said yeah I mean I leave when the game starts
and I'm right in the front when you walk in I thought I saw a hundred people maybe.
Yeah maybe it looked like a Marlin game from like two years ago and that last year.
What are you laughing about it's true.
Hey listen there were some of those Marlin games when there weren't even a thousand people in those stands.
Don't you know and of course the cameraman are under life and death orders.
Oh don't throw any shots don't pan up into the stands all at the public see there's nobody there.
And we'll put in the paper tomorrow 10,000 or something like that or 5,500.
There's like 600 people in there including the ushers including David Samson and Jeffrey
Luria. I wonder if Jeffrey Luria shops at Luria's you think that would be appropriate.
Joe Argueo by the way hates you both like Poison and says your carpet backers and
what you would die would like you to eat those canolies that eat that wallocluff over.
Well that's really something that's so typical.
Sounds like I've been telling you people that for 30 years now.
Third man.
Hate is their number one specially man hate.
There's no shortage of it.
I'm gonna I think I might go to the supermarket and scar another then.
If they're online is that a current thing or is that like a historical.
No current as a matter of fact the results show to many distributors offering said product.
Oh right.
Cheese waffles baby I'm telling you you'd like them.
I can't believe you never had those.
You know it looks like something that I would have gotten but I haven't.
Well what does that mean?
I have any idea what that means.
But there's a lot of these crappy snack foods.
Yeah.
And even the old archaic weird ones like munchows which I can't even find around it.
I will admit I don't see these.
Of course I don't when I go into supermarket I don't look in the snack department
because that's all carbs you know so I try to avoid that like to play.
I'm gonna have carbs I'll stick with my ice cream.
If I told you what I did yesterday you would fall out of the chair.
I don't want to hear it.
It has to do with ice cream.
Uh.
Basically it's heavenly hash.
I'm not better not say.
Tell me you just poured it down your pants.
No I did not.
I might as well have.
I might as well have poured it on my uh yeah.
I'll let you think about it during the day.
I got that idea.
What?
That you ate like a gallon of it.
No.
All right.
No not a gallon.
But I did eat more than I've ever eaten it before in my life.
If you're putting it up there.
I put it in the freezer.
I ate quite a bit of it.
I put it in the freezer and I debated what I was going to do it.
And about uh hour later I ate the rest of it.
Half a gallon.
Nestleys have a layhands and you know something you are regretted?
No.
Is my blood sugar high today?
No.
Do I feel sick?
No.
I feel great in the sunshine state.
Not even there.
That's why I feel good.
Hey listen when it comes to your feet man get yourself over to brand these shoes
for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes.
Brandies is the place to think about when it comes to putting some real good uh
sardines and good stuff on your tootsies.
Brandies carries a humongous selection of all the top brands like Rockport.
Half a gallon.
Rockport, Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance, All of this.
And Brandies professionals who fitters will make sure you've got a customized
video care favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll take good care of you.
The pros that Brandies understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide
wits as well for those of you with big wide fat ones.
Brandies is worth the trip from just about any place in town so don't forget that
that award winning combination for comforts style fit value when selection always
think first of brandy shoes and you'll find Brandies in the same great
store they've been doing for a year is not going going strong at 1290
nor federal highway in Pompano Beach.
Brandies is open daily till nine every Sunday nine to five and this week is
a stupendous time to buy essay issues at Brandies because men's and women's
styles are on special sales.
They've even more than usual.
Take 20 30.
Top 30 men.
And 40 bucks off unselected essay styles this week.
So be sure to get into Brandies before our time runs out on this deal
or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandiesshoes.com
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five sixty two days.
Why the hell you best day.
For a first day, it's for a first day.
And we would like to see the only open day.
It's for a first day, it's for a first day.
We hope this time we will show proper long or day.
I wish for a perfect for a perfect day.
And we would like to see the only open day.
It's for a perfect day, it's for a first day.
We hope this time we could a rubber on our day.
Oh, let's just make sure his wife don't find out about it.
Anyway, what do we got?
Two hundred and some I vote.
Two thirty one.
And we just change the polls to the top of the hour.
How do you like that?
Oh, that's not too bad.
I guess they like this one better.
Or they like being like the vote that they don't like it.
The best fast food is it Wendy's 40.
I like Wendy's a lot.
I'm not going.
All fast food blows twenty three.
You put a tropical 23.
Stake and shake twenty two.
I hate this pool 18 Taco Bell 16.
Well, I got news for when I hate this pool beats out Taco Bell.
That tells me a lot of you your taste is in your tush.
Okay?
That is really sad.
What's not to like at Taco Bell?
Huh?
Beans.
Well, no, I don't get the beans.
Tell them all the beans.
Stick the beans.
Shmear the beans.
Just not on my food.
Subway twelve.
Chick-a-chick-a-lay's got eleven.
I don't know where I was with that popular.
Yeah, it's good.
Top eyes eleven.
Miami subs eleven.
That's uh they just need to heart more of them.
Those chick-a-lay's are hard to find.
They're in the malls but uh other than that.
Good luck to you.
I'll be damned.
Well, speaking of in the malls,
speaking of plastic pizza,
I'm sure that it was called the orange bowl.
I mean I probably did not around anymore.
All the malls had the land everywhere.
Had the orange bowl.
I had that plastic pizza.
Yeah.
Never that.
I'm sure that's what it was called.
Yeah, I don't think I ever had it.
But I saw it.
I mean, also had uh what's the stuff that they still make.
They got it here in the Eden Center.
What the hell is the stuff that I like at uh the drink?
Orange Julius.
Orange Julius.
Very good.
All pure sugar.
It's like an injection of sugar on the green.
So it'll send you blood.
Not as much sugar as a half gallon of um
Nestle's um heavily hash.
I bought it with the best of intent.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
I thought to myself I have a little.
I put it in the freezer.
I'll finish it over the weekend.
You know, I have a little here.
Well, I just I can't eat a little ice cream.
I'm just addicted to it.
It's like having a little heroin.
You know, I bought that bag of crack
with the best of intentions.
No, that's right.
I was only going to do healthy things with it.
That's right.
Like that 400 pounds that the police
used to get what he was only going to sell a little.
I'm trying to do a little.
Arby's 10, A&W 8, McDonald's 7,
checker's 6, KFC 4, killer flu chicken,
Burger King 3, Crystal 2, Pizza Hut 2,
and Choices Chicken finally got a pair out of two.
37.
Uh, nah nah nah.
Boston Market's not a fast food joint.
I didn't think so.
I wanted to.
Somebody's fashion.
Please put a lot of pull.
They make a really good chicken pot pie.
This is good as well.
Let me tell you in pot pies are for goyem.
Okay, stop at a pot pie.
That's like those.
Oh, look at that.
Simple court houses shut down in Connecticut.
After what?
A non-specific threat.
Then that.
They're waiting for the state police
to respond to a non-specific threat
to Connecticut judicial department.
How do you like that?
BAM.
BAM.
We'll see.
We'll keep our eye peeled on this.
Anyway, also it says the meatloaf is pretty good.
I do like meat is and they have good stuff.
But for example, they drive through window.
That's just for pickup orders.
You have to call the.
Right.
It's not a fast food joint.
If you go through the drives, you have to call a head.
To pick up your order or order.
Boston Market.
I never forget the one is you know the place that I'm sunrise.
It's right near my where my bank used to be.
And there's a little a little building there.
It's I think it's a mattress place now.
Okay.
It's been like a dozen different things
and it fails no matter what it is.
You know kind of like some people
never were in their lesson to go into business
or other places to keep failing.
That was a Boston Market on sunrise right over there.
Like like across from where best bias.
Right.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes I do.
And I remember I remember I had a little controversy
with that guy with a manager because he got
surely with me.
I guess he knew who I was.
And I made some comment on the year one day
about the service and they're being really crappy
in which it was.
And he made some well if you got any problem
please bring it to me first before you're
and the problem is that they never know what they want to be.
He used to be called Boston chicken and it was Boston
market which it is sometimes.
And they just they don't know what they want to be.
And I remember everybody was touting it.
It was going to be the hottest stock on a stock exchange.
And it was right and and the food is okay
but they don't know what they want to be like.
And they got all these sides.
Right.
Well 18 different sides.
They've leveled off now.
They've they've got it together now.
Yeah.
They took them all the kind of like
figure out what they want.
They're big.
They're because I'm not like big on macaroni and cheese.
It's I am.
Well, I can't eat it but boy I sure love macaroni and cheese.
I could eat of that of their macaroon cheese.
You know something you know where they've
good macaroni and cheese and they dining
where I can in fact,
Hank would verify this in the dining room at Calder.
All right.
In the dining room in the clubhouse.
I mean the cafeteria.
Okay.
Oh they got good macaroni and cheese.
The food at Calder is very good.
So next time you want to in fact when you get this check
take the money out there to the track.
You have plenty of you know,
100 bucks out.
I'll just put it all in one horse.
Yeah.
Put it all in the longest shot on the board.
And you can knock a 30 to one shot.
But third man.
I'm like a 16 to one.
I would eight to one.
I'll look for some old guy that's dressed really
shabbyly and have a look for a lesser green shirt.
That even good tip.
Or maybe you can go open a press box.
If you tell your car's right with the hopper
let's you go open a press box
and watch him push time.
Dicca over the edge.
Flight logs reveal hundreds of CIA flights to Europe.
More than 300 CIA flights have landed the European
or force a British newspaper set
according to a new adding a new element to claims
that Washington's been transporting terrorist suspects
to secret prison in Europe says that the agents
France press and the Guardian.
The Guardian Daily said it seemed flight
logs documenting the flights by 26 planes
operated by the CIA.
The information showed an unprecedented amount
of travel by the agency but didn't reveal which planes
took part in the alleged prison transfers.
The CIA has been accused in reports of using
European countries for the transport,
illegal detention and torture, torture,
Abu Gharr, have suspected Islamist terrorist
in a wake of 9-11 attacks.
I'll wait over the reports amounted in Europe this week
as EU Justice Commissioner Franco Fartini
threatened sanctions on Monday
for any member of the nation hosting CIA prison camps
on their soil.
Don't soil yourself, okay?
That's what I wanted to tell like I would
buy a couple of days ago.
Don't soil yourself.
Oh, I think I'm too late.
No, seriously, I know you find this amusing
but I just, I don't understand how people
can smell like that.
It's just how do you leave the house smelling like that?
Um, they're degenerate deadbeat slime.
You don't like the freedom to hold Michael.
You don't come to Vegas and talk to a man
like Mogreen like that.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And the same thing.
How do you walk outside smelling like that?
Like death.
Good.
Golly miss Molly.
You know, they say it to me.
I don't want to get to graphics.
People are still eating lunch but they say at the moment of death
that your body just relaxes and releases all.
Yeah, I don't want to go.
Oh, remember,
when Monsters Ball they had a puppy put on a diaper
right there at the beginning?
Oh, that's right.
He did put on nice diaper.
Puffy.
And he did that.
Too bad, you know, too bad that part wasn't for real.
I bet your readers would like it.
He'd watch it anyway 50 times.
Or maybe not 50 but.
Fuck, so many men.
Puffy.
I'm tempted to play that.
I just played it on Thanksgiving.
But I'm just tempted to play that baby again.
Because there are a lot of people out there.
They wonder what does that mean?
But turn me.
But turn me.
But turn me.
But turn me.
Yeah, what do that mean?
Anyway, Boston market.
I mean, enjoy it.
I never had to meet low.
I do like meet low for love.
That's great.
I like that herbal flavoring seasonings to it.
Really?
Yeah.
So you should kind of get the feeling here.
You like Boston market.
I do like Boston market.
Because you can afford it, certainly.
Yeah.
For starters.
You know what?
I left off of this pool.
What's that?
I don't know.
Because it's a chain.
I don't know if there's a whole bunch of more.
I know the one there on Sunrise Boulevard in Pine Island.
Is it a university?
A floodwarkers.
Yeah.
Now would you call that fast food?
No.
No.
Oh.
It's a burger place.
But it's not a fast food place.
It's a fancy burger place.
Yeah, but fancy burger.
And like I said, I love that place.
But I stopped going in there.
Really?
They butter the buns.
They butter the buns.
And boy sure, it affects my bun.
Right.
Oh man, after I ate near, I'm just making a mad dash.
Wow.
In fact, you know something, my mother probably would have enjoyed life a lot better
if somebody would introduce her to that place.
Would have solved a lot of her problems.
And what you've grown at about that was that was her whole life.
Her whole life, so I said it around that ceramic bowl.
She wishes.
She wished.
She prayed.
She, uh, oh, anything.
You name it.
And when your mother tells you that she's taken a laxative every day
of her life since she was a little girl,
that's just had a little something.
Has anybody told her that it was another great?
No, you tell her.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
Sixty-two-eighths.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one that's two hours.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
No, no, no, no tell me a bunch of people fighting over there.
I'm going to the toilet.
Tell me when it becomes unpleasant.
Tell me why?
Don't go to the toilet.
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
103 at 5.60 W.A.M.
The National Security Agency has released hundreds of pages of long secret documents on the 1964 Gulf of Taukan incident, which played a critical role in significantly expanding the American commitment to the Vietnam War.
The material posted on the Internet overnight Wednesday included one of the largest collections of secret interceptor communications ever made available.
The most provocative document is a 2001 article in which an agency historian argued that the agency's intelligence officers deliberately skewed the evidence passed on to policy makers, and the public and falsely suggests the North Vietnamese ships had attacked American destroyers on August 4, 1964.
Based on the assertion that such an attack had occurred, President Lyndon Johnson ordered airstrikes on North Vietnam and covers past a broad resolution authorizing military action.
How do you like that?
It goes on. It'll be on our website.
Vietnam War Intelligence Deliberately Skewed. Sound familiar?
Yeah.
Non-specific threat to Connecticut Judicial Department, FBI and State Police respond.
Then I've been...
Closures of several courthouses in Connecticut.
We will continue to work this story and get as much information as we...
Now you continue to work that story. We're working on it for you. We're working the story for you, okay?
Work this.
Oh and here's that bitch man. I cannot stand her. Kira Phillips. Honest of God.
I'd rather see Lou Diamond Phillips and I can't stand him either.
Majority says Walmart bad for America. But there's so many things we can't stand. You know what?
It's an infusing expression. I can't stand filling the blank. I can't stand f***ing. I can't stand f***ing.
Let's do a poll.
What? I can't stand.
Oh, that's a good one for Monday.
Ain't it?
Yeah, well I'm not going to start it now.
I don't have time for any calls this or anywhere. I have my agenda.
I must meet my...
What did Howard Beale say when it came in from the rain? I must make my witness.
Does anybody say...
Does it again? I can't stand.
That's an excellent idea.
What about George, man? I'll tell you. Once you tell me there's a check in the mail, it comes through with some good material.
That's inspiring.
Majority says Walmart bad for America.
You get those cheese waffles and you're going to thank me more than the check.
Well, I'm working on that.
You might curse me because you might get addicted to them. You might have to buy a whole bunch of cheese.
That's right.
At least not eating a half a gallon of ice cream.
I just cut some cheese. Is that kind of like that?
I bet you. There are very few people out there that could match me for ice cream.
We know how they have those eating contests where I was talking about. They just had that one with the Japanese government hot dogs.
And the other one. What was the one we had the other day?
The turkey eating.
Oh, yeah. That's right. The turkey eating contest.
And that skinny little runch.
You went whatever she did. Very few people can match me when it comes to ice cream.
Although it does have to be tempered in the microwave.
It has to be nuked a little bit.
And then you can almost eat it like soup. Ice cream soup.
Sure is better than those damn tomato soup cakes that Grace was making. That's why she got kicked off the show on passions.
Too many tomato soup cakes.
By the way, is anybody ever seen?
What the hell is the name of that? Oh, it'll come to me.
Norma. Not Norma can't, but Norma from passions and we're in arms together. Same person.
Some 56% of US consumers think Walmart stores think is bad for America.
According to ways of the international poll released today by one of the retailers.
Most local critics. You see how much you got to be happy about now, mister?
Just days before your birthday? A lot.
The National Poll Commission by WakeUpWallmart.com.
A non-funded group that's been pressuring Walmart to raise employee wages and benefits.
Surveied a thousand twelve randomly chosen adults on their attitudes toward the world's biggest retailer.
Respondents were asked to choose which of two statements most closely fit their personal opinions.
The majority or 56% will say, I believe that Walmart is bad for America.
Just like George W. Bush is bad for America.
Just like the war in Iraq is bad for America.
Just like Dick Cheney is bad for America.
Just like Julie, women is.
It may provide low prices, but these prices come with a high moral economic cost for consumers.
39% agree that Walmart is good for America and provides low prices and safe consumers money every day.
Walmart questioned the timing of the poll which was conducted November 15 to 18.
Weekly, many of the retailers critics organized events to highlight their concerns about the company and screened a widely publicized documentary that cast Walmart in a negative and very honest light.
The poll is another way for them to wake up Walmart to reach out for something to try to validate their efforts because they have nothing else to hang their head on.
Walmart spokesman Sarah Clark said, oh yeah, you go Sarah, not.
Walmart, the largest US private sector employer, faces intense pressure at home from unions, environmental groups,
and others who say the company pays poverty level wages, offers poor healthcare benefits and gobbles up green space with its massive big box stores.
At the same time, Walmart is defending a record large class action lawsuit that charges it with discriminating against women and paying promotions.
How do you like that? We hate you, Walmart. We hope that you die.
How do you like that? I like it a lot.
We hate you even worse than the city manager hates the Marlin organization of Scarford Baggers.
Planned to allow cities on planes opposed, I just can't get over that.
The public sits back like, oh that's a good idea. We don't have to go do all our bags again.
In fact, this movie last night, a very quick scene of it was an LAX in the airport, the movie cellular.
Turned you by.
The guy very cleverly, he put through a gun into the other guy's bag so they would stop him and then it would come to turn out, fight out, but the other guy was a cop.
Flash is LA badge. I'm LA PD. Glamy alone. He grabbed his gun and it was a star about crooked cops.
Don't we have journalists on the payroll? I might like a story like that.
It was okay. If it comes on, I mean I wouldn't pay to watch it, but if it comes on, cellular, it would be fun to watch it.
I saw like a piece of it, but that's a lot.
Kim Basinger and William H. Macy and then this punk, whatever his name is, he's marginal, but it's pretty good.
You will understand, though, if you see it, my complaint about the fact that they can't make up their mind whether it wants to be a serious movie or comedy.
Like some of the Hitchcock movies, they had a little bit of comedy in them, but that's different.
But not slash the comedy.
Silly car chase is not a serious car chase, but like a silly car chase. It just, I don't know, didn't fit in.
But it was okay. I'm a scale of five, I get like a three and a half.
It's not too bad. In fact, it had three stars on the thing they're on the crawl on my cable, three stars.
That's the only reason I've watched it. I haven't learned my lesson yet. I keep getting sucked in by the stars.
A proposal to rely on small scissors and tools back on our airliners is drawing stride opposition from flight attendants, families of victims of 9-11 and several lawmakers.
Transportation Security Administration Chief Kip Hawley was expected to outline the proposal today as part of a broader shift in airport security.
The plan would allow airline passengers to carry scissors less than four inches long and wrenches and screwdrivers less than seven inches long.
So if you got a screwdriver, the real sharp end on it, that's only six and a half inches long. It's a okay.
Yeah, just top that baby out and stick it in your bag.
Okay. Yeah.
Isn't that ridiculous?
Yep. In other words, what? A screwdriver that's like seven and a half inches long.
How much more dangerous is that than a screwdriver that's like six inches long?
Now, what do you need to be taking a screwdriver on your trip for anyway?
Oh, you know, adjust your seat.
It's something to be drinking a screwdriver in first class, but to be taken one in your goods.
Representatives Ed Markey of Mass and Joseph Crowley of New York centers, they intend to produce a build to preserve the current prohibition on sharp scissors, tools and knives and airliner cabins.
Thank God for them. You crazy people of TSA.
The Bush administration proposal is just asking the next Mohammed Ottath to move from box cutters to scissors as the reference used in the passenger cabins of Plains, Markey said.
Hawley has complained that airport screeners spend too much time confiscating small objects from innocent passengers.
He wants them to focus instead on searching for what the TSA uses a more serious threat, improvised bombs, on a bomba grande or pecania, whatever.
Like the one that killed all those soldiers in Iraq yesterday, just pathetic.
Airlines generally support the plan so as the pilot's largest union, the airline pilots association.
Bob Hezelbein, the Union's National Security Committee chairman said pilots think it's more important to focus on passengers intent rather than what they're carrying.
Then we ought to have a psychic at every screening spot in every airport, right?
Right.
What's your intent when you're going to do with that screwdriver, huh? What are you going to do with that little swishblade?
A swish Army, after the briefcase of a frequent fly, we know very well as a tool Hezelbein said, a ballpoint pen in the hands of a terrorist is a weapon.
So I got a good idea when we just banned terrorists on planes.
I was just thinking that same thing.
Yeah, that was not the problem.
We know what they're thinking.
Like Ron Propheel says, not $200 like you all were thinking.
How does he know what they were thinking?
He's mercy on the infomercial. He always does that when he gives you the low price of his rotisserie oven, not $350 like in the stores, not $200 like most of you must probably think.
It's a formula man. He's got that thing down to a science pedal and crap.
TSA screeners this year, loan of confiscated 12.6 million prohibited items, including 3 million sharp objects, quantity of homeland security department.
We know how they're right on top of it.
They've also taken away 8.1 million lighters, the only had impregnated by law.
You can take them. What they say can take 16 packs of matches, but not the old-fashioned kind.
What do they call the old-fashioned kind of big matches?
A wooden head in the box. The wood matches.
Isn't there a name for those? Like a blue diamond?
No, blue, no, blue diamond.
Speaking of Kira Phillips and the Blue Diamond Phillips, Blue Diamond.
Isn't that the brand name?
Blue Diamond.
I think over the weekend I'm going to go out and sell some mort and salt.
Maybe you feel like a kid again.
You ever have to do that in school to go out and sell mort and salt?
No, that sounds strange.
You ever had to go door to door and sell mort and salt?
No, they made a sell candy.
Yeah.
But that's salt.
That's what they do now.
That's strange to me.
Well, what's better for you? Candy or salt, huh?
Well, see, this is another ass salt on the American youth. That's why all the kids are fat.
Like, poor, what's your name? Like, how he buries fat, trebuchet, kid, they're in a movie.
That was sad. He had a problem.
Well, he had a dysfunctional life, okay?
He had no daddy.
And the mommy was like, hand him out and she was always on a verge of getting evicted,
which eventually did.
And so I think that was the perfect ending when they sat on the porch.
Oh, geez, I shouldn't have said they sat on the porch.
113 at QIM.
This is Neil Rogers.
He wears two...
Oh, W.
What comes from fraud protection is clear.
The guitar on my knee.
While they died in Louisiana, I raised cash for the T.O.P.
I love Katrina.
Don't put the blame on me.
Because I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now do a little swam into an orleanstown.
Swim to the left, to the right.
Here we go. Swing a little muds out there, see, don't.
Oh, Katrina.
Why can those people treat me?
The person Louisiana, then it is for your right knee.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Pop daddy, sitting in the chair.
I'll call you a puppy.
Yo, yo, man, yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marena?
Or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
It's $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million dollar question.
This is the first one.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a lifeline?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50 and the phone of friend.
Ask your audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50-50 and going to help me.
Oh, you know, I want a phone of friend.
I want a phone of friend.
I'm a $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we going to call, puppy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty.
We're gone.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filvin from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
How are you?
I got your friend here, Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
Who was that?
All right.
All right.
Old dirty.
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
What's that?
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me, all right?
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc-B-P-A-C-Morino or D-E-L-E-L-E?
Oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't have much time.
I know this, man.
I know it.
I see this, Pia.
Pia, you sure?
B-B-B-T-E-M-E.
There's a lot of money, man.
A-B-B-T-E.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
I hate, man.
Times up, uh, old dirty.
Said Pia.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Want to poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines.
You've used one, you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
Watch the answer.
Puffy, it's stuck.
It's A.
It's stuck.
My final answer is stuck.
It's stuck.
And it's a good one.
You got to hold it all.
Run, you run.
Run, run.
Run, run.
Now, I took care of that Puffy all right in that movie.
Especially, you're right.
He had to put on him.
Two in Alison was standing by, too.
She was one of the observers.
Right.
Make sure he put on the depends.
334 votes.
The best fast food is at Wendy's.
This is our second pool.
We've made the transition already.
From the movie endings that you hated like poison to the fast food that you like a little bit.
Or maybe a lot.
Wendy's, oh, there's that fascist John Agropade that butcher.
Wendy's 56.
All fast food blows 38.
That seems to be moving him very fast.
Poio Tropical 36.
Stake and Shake.
32.
Maybe now, maybe the burgers are falling apart.
No, mom.
Maybe you guys are the tried.
Maybe I'll go over there and get a little sack.
Too far.
Too far.
Well, you know, when you go to drive through normally you're bringing it home or something like that.
Yeah.
Oh, normally you're bringing it home.
Well, I guess if I was there, right, you know what I'm going to say can shake.
I'm bringing home.
I'm going to have a brighter, brighter corner.
But for you, eat it on a way home.
Right.
Have the cell phone to your ear.
Have a soda in one hand.
And a bunch of sandwiches in your mouth.
Bells rise on my knee.
Right.
Stake and Shake 32.
Taco Bell 26.
I hate this pool 25.
And that's five and I'm up there.
I wouldn't be surprised if all fast food blows and I hate this pool.
They wind up one, two.
I would not be surprised.
I would not be surprised.
It ends.
Why?
Where's that?
I guess subway 18, Chick-fil-A 16, Miami Sub-15, Popeyes 14, RVs 12, McDonald's 11, and W-9.
KFC 7, Checkers 6.
Church's Chicken 5, Pizza Hut 3, Burger King 3, and Crystal Salonthade Dose.
And that's because there's only the one I believe in South Florida that I know it.
If they're on a power line or something like that, something like that.
Marvita Hello is.
I need to fight out in German.
Eings is number one.
Eings tied that I had said it.
But like if you order, I never really pay that much attention to the way that German's sick.
Because I don't want to make a total fool of myself and I'm ordering like a bratwurst.
What do you say, Eings?
Broughtwurst, you say Eings.
I wouldn't say that.
But I'll ask John Jaros.
Yeah, he would know.
He's a real crowd.
He is.
Oh, here is.
He's a real-star crowd.
And proud of it.
Pilot reports misalphired a jetliner near LAX.
Remember that plane that got shot down?
I mean, that crashed the TWA.
What was it, 800?
What was the flight?
There was an 8 in there somewhere.
I think it was CW 800 and the crash they said over the water.
But a beep, but a boot, but a bump.
And then there were all those, there were several witnesses who said they saw a misal hit it.
Yeah, they saw it.
And then there was that book that came out that I bought and I talked about.
And the book disappeared and you couldn't find it no more.
Remember that?
FBI Agen's and Homeland Security officials spent the weekend last weekend investigating the report of a possible misal.
And this story is just coming out now.
And today's, where is this, KYW Philadelphia?
FBI Agen's and Homeland Security officials spent the weekend last weekend investigating the report of a possible misal fired at an American Airlines plane taking off from LAX.
Sources tell ABC News the pilot of American Airlines flight 621 on Ruta Chicago, radio and air traffic controllers after takeoff from LAX.
He told them a missile had been fired at the aircraft and missed.
The plane was over water when the pilot said he saw a smoke trail passed by the cockpit.
FBI Agen's believed it was a flare or a bottle rocket, but they say they may never know exactly what it was.
And of course this is the holiday travel in season.
Josh is going to Seattle.
I'm going across the pond.
You're probably going to be flying home looking for that check.
Right.
So I'm saying grab a small hole.
We don't want to get you nervous or anything like that, but that would really be something.
I don't think they never told us the truth.
No, of course not.
Because that would really, that would put the caboch on.
I mean the airline industry is already on this last leg and they're all either in chapter 11, 12, 13, 15, whatever.
They're off-tourists as the Chinese say.
They've got issues.
Look at this.
Connecticut Attorney General is on their pontificating about this Comfort Topse up there.
And we're simply removing our attorneys from those courthouses.
Exactly where you located.
Are you in New Haven?
What city are you in?
My office is in Hartford.
But I don't have lawyers all around the state.
Several courthouses shut down after an unspecific threat of connectivity.
I wonder if I have something to do with old Julie Vermeer.
No, and the public have been evacuated as well.
Richard Wayne Sanford, I don't know if you know who he is, but then.
No, he is.
The manager for the Department of Homeland Security in Connecticut.
No Sanford, no.
Sanford, no.
That bomb threats were actually called into the courthouses.
Had you received that information?
Oh my God.
That there were bomb threats, unspecific threats made this morning by telephone to the governor's office apparently.
None of this information has been confirmed.
Okay, great.
Well, when you find out, you'll just keep your nose in it.
Okay, just keep sticking in there.
What's our goal on the second plurio?
400, we've got 354.
If we can get to 400 by the top of the hour, then we're all taking the next couple of weeks off.
What do you say?
All right.
I got news for you.
How about somebody sent me a check?
That's a good idea.
I think everybody out there ought to send me a big fact check.
For my birthday, it wasn't that long.
It was November 5.
It's not too late.
Birthday card would be a little bit late at this point because that's kind of lukewarm.
But if I check, it's a quanza.
No, for my birthday would be good.
Or for Chanuka and Christmas.
For all the heathen holidays, whatever the hell it might be.
How about at least 1500 for starters?
This is number one.
What do we have?
This is 516 QA.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Absolutely.
Don't, don't, don't.
Make all the cash registers, please.
Everybody's reading the same thing.
It's all seven billion copies in one day.
Great, everybody got on the shelf.
Every book is all that's to her well.
KK Rowling goes beyond the books away.
Harry Potter.
And the half-foot prince Harry Potter.
Make the other off the sand.
Where am I?
Me and Ron weasley, me Charlie and the chocolate factory.
Me and over a hundred million holy hell.
Mark the promise to Charlie, ring the school of wisdom, dream.
There's no doubt we're on the JK Rowling scale.
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Two things I can say about that pumpkin place Harry Potter
in the movie seems extremely annoying.
He looks to me.
Hey, other than that.
That whole Harry Potter thing just grabs me up the wall.
It just goes to show you.
You can sell all the crap.
In fact, the crappier it is, the easier the seller is.
Look at us.
All this intellectual crap, all this important stuff.
Hey, we don't care about that.
We want to hear it at Bridge Tender.
We want some naked pictures.
We do have naked pictures by the way of Janorino.
And can't, did you hear about cancer and hera speaking of planes?
What about it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
Six, I can't say.
I mean, you've rising to the right of those lines.
I want to see if anybody else speaks German.
I guess I would have seen this.
What was that?
A brought worst.
If you're only ordered.
No, but you should you say on instead of one.
I mean, would you take a letter off because you're pre your...
So you're the fan?
That way in English.
That way in Spanish.
How was it in Italian?
When you ordered a singular object.
WNQYM, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I just want to tell you about my favorite fast food restaurant.
Yeah.
Here's that Korean restaurant called Greyhound.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
I'll be right there, don't say I can laugh at it later.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Now, Italian.
Uno.
Uno, do it.
Uno pizza.
Uno, uno pizza.
Uno pizza.
I beg your pardon, no, you never say uno.
Well, in Spanish.
Uno pizza?
Well, so I'm not being...
I want, if you want like one pencil, uno la pizza.
Solemente uno, espina.
Don't you remember that?
Only one stone in your shoe?
I don't think that's espina means stone.
I don't know, but I've looked that up and...
Oh, it's like a thorn.
That's what...
Oh, a thorn in my side, right?
So uno espina.
That was a bad scene.
I mean, it was a good scene in a camp way.
Because that was some of the worst acting you know.
I've all completed it.
I covered a lot of territory in that movie.
The other piece was in the Atlantic City and it went before the big hit in Atlantic City.
Oh, I feel we could reach the cabin.
He's waving his arms at like...
Oh, bruh.
It was so bad it was surreal.
Like I did it.
Exactly.
Like they actually put this in a can they were...
They put this in the film or is it these outtakes you know?
Like was coping up right there while this was going on?
But to see where he's visiting his old friend.
As we say in the States, my ace in the hole.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Whoever wrote the script, the dialogue.
Can't you just see these tools, the students?
You're my ace in the hole.
Yeah, right.
Or maybe just an ace hole.
We can say that.
For those.
Yeah.
In fact, why not?
I think I just solved that problem.
I think ace hole is just fine.
It's a line from Godfather 3 if anybody don't like it.
Joyce, ace hole.
WDQIM line, I.N.S.
Hello.
Q.I.M.
Oh, hey, I got a good Taco Bell story for me.
Yeah.
Can I talk to him?
You're talking to him.
No, no.
I'm talking about that.
I used to work at Fort Everglades at a shipping company.
I was working at a shipping company several years ago.
We had a refrigerated cargo container that came in.
It now evades that there was something wrong, something wrong with the refrigeration unit.
We had to open up the container to look at it.
The boxes were marked.
Taco Bell, USDA, grade E, breath edible.
Yeah.
You were.
I think I just changed my lunch plan.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, I probably were sure of Wendy's.
And pound 5, 60 on the residence of the Colorado's lines.
Eints, 2, 3, the only thing we have to fear is fear.
Right.
WDQIM, hello.
Hey, Neon, what's up, bud?
How you doing, sir?
Good, man.
Listen, real quick.
You're a German to me.
You don't speak German again.
No, no, no, no, Sherman's for me, bro.
Listen, real quick, I got to speak back into work.
I want to both.
I'm not.
I don't swing that way, bud.
We've got to want to both concerts.
Right.
And then I have a seat with a rig while back.
Oh, wow.
He doesn't swing that way.
Yeah, we can.
Sweetheart.
That's what Louise told her.
What's your name, too?
Mariah.
She's really scary.
Isn't it amazing, somebody's broad-jumped?
Just don't get the message.
I mean, even we know about Louise, okay, and his predilections.
But not Mariah.
She was around.
Oh, speaking of that, South Africa to have gay weddings.
Oh!
South Africa's highest court is ruled in favor of same-sex marriages, which are banned under court legislation.
The Constitutional Court ordered that parliament amend marriage to allow gay weddings within a year in South Africa, huh?
All you Afro-Kuners.
The Constitution allows discrimination against gay and lesbians, but social attitudes remain more conservative.
The Court ordered that the definition of marriage be changed from a union between a man and a woman to a union between two persons.
Last year, the Supreme Court of Appeals had ruled in the case brought by a lesbian couple at the Court of Law
discriminated against homo-sexuals.
But the Home Affairs Department went to the Constitutional Court arguing that only parliament could change the law.
The common law of Ayadi-Adiadiyadikos on after the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled last November that Marie Foray and Sidia Succeedia, something or other,
should be allowed to wed.
They later found they were unable to register for a church wedding at the Department of Home Affairs.
But now they're like, uh, gay weddings come up in South Africa.
So while you, uh, you, so that's the choice, you can either come up here to Toronto or even go up the road to Kingston in Ontario.
It's good to be a good Kingston boy.
Don't sure you'll talk about your own coach's corner.
So tired of him.
We're gone to my tired of him.
That's still old act.
Tragic.
How are we doing on that 400 votes on the pool?
Let's see, 387.
I mean, this, this is not even a contest.
There's a good thing I picked 400, you know what?
See, I know how to pick my numbers.
And you know, and my nose and no, I don't believe you.
I listen to both of you.
Yes, they're still don't believe you.
All right, whatever.
I got a great story about a bird-like animal with dinosaur feet.
Did you see this?
No.
I brought the archaeopteryx.
I was just telling you about archaeopteryx the other day.
Well, I got a story about it.
And I thought I'm going to do the break.
And when we come back, I'll tell you all about it.
The skeleton of an archaeopteryx lacks a reversed toe, a trait found in current birds.
Right?
So, all you ignorant design people out there, all you godsquad folks.
Guess what, you full of crap.
Everybody knows it and quit trying to come in through the back door.
They got a name for that.
Gay is what they say.
This is Neil Rogers.
Correct them.
This is 5.69A.
Well, well, well, let's cut it up.
Bill!
John p.p. did it cold.
As we bet the employee uniforms at the worst most popular dance franchise, but that's not all he's changed.
Come see what we mean at McGeebby.
We'll be open for kickin' in at McGeebby's, how many of you want?
I'll have a notorious B.I.G. Mac and an iced tea with an iced cube.
Besides iced tea, we'll have a beer with a petrol.
Uh, petrol please.
I did drive by the same window.
McGeebby's is all that and a bag of chips.
Well, we don't sell no chips, but we do have french fries on our value menus for only.
See this?
Oh, much love for Tuesday McGeebby's.
Here's your order.
Can I get it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now can I get a hell, yeah?
Hell yeah!
No matter what you want to order up off our grills, there's a big biddy's cos'
beadedly located in Yo-Negga-Doo.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
I'm 23.
I'm working on that.
All right.
You working on it?
Yeah, all the time.
All right.
Okay, we got over 400 votes.
We can relax on that stupid ass pool.
405, and we got like 17 minutes to go.
So like, no, no problem.
I do like that.
I can't stand, but you know what's going to win that, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
You know who?
Mm-hmm.
You're president.
Not mine.
You're president.
Thank you.
A new and analization of archaeopteryx, the earliest known bird-like animal, shows it had feet-like
dinosaurs, a finding that supports to believe that the bird's-frequeting backyard feeders today are descendants of many
ancient carnivores.
While not all scientists agree, many consider archaeopteryx the first bird since it had wings and was the first fossil found with feathers.
Details have been lacking on the animals.
However, since only a few fossil specimens have been found, the new one reported in the last Friday's issue of the- or maybe today's issue.
This is the- yeah, today's.
Today's issue of the journal science is the 10th known and one of the most complete.
It's got a picture of it here.
Contrary to what have been thought, the new fossil shows that the first toe was not reversed in archaeopteryx, as is the case on current birds, according to a team led by Gerald Mayer, or our research institute, Shakenberg in Frankfurt, Germany, Einstein, Svai, etc.
Like at the reverse toe what hampered the animals ability to pursue like current birds of researchers said.
On the other hand, its second toe could be extended like those of Theropod.
Beast-footed dinosaur is a group that excluded such well known examples as T-rex.
Oh, let's place in T-rex.
Archaeopteryx was considerably smaller however close to the size of a magpie.
Oh, remember the magpies?
What about them?
What though was the magpies?
Heckle and Jekyll and what was it?
In the cartel.
Ah, the Heckle and Jekyll, here, right?
What I just tell you.
The new example lived about 150 million years ago and what is now Bavaria.
And God, the while of that Bavaria and cream pie.
Oh, God.
Why don't they still make those at Denys?
Probably.
And I don't think they do the mother hummer pies anymore at Denys, do they?
I don't know, remember I had that episode?
And I don't know if I talk about Lenys.
Matthew T. Carano, a dinosaur expert at the Smithsonian National Museum of National History,
agreed that the discovery supports those who consider birds to be descendants of dinosaurs.
The lack of a reverse totes mean an archaeoprus couldn't sit in a tree,
but probably indicates that it was not a habitually tree-living animal.
We assume it could fly, but we don't have a lot of information about its flying ability.
Most of the known specimens are partial, so then we'll add some knowledge to the animal, if you say.
And there's a picture of it right here.
It's my favorite fossil.
Is it really?
Mm-hmm.
I'll be there.
I thought I would.
That, yeah.
Walgreens.
Walgreens disciplines for pharmacists.
I might have to not mail that check for a while.
Oh, you're not a fossil yet.
You know, that's what you think.
Walgreens company, the nation's largest drugstore,
are chained by revenue sedits put for Illinois pharmacists in the St. Louis area on unpaid leave
for refusing to fill prescriptions for emergency contraception violation of state rule.
There we go.
You know that thing about girls gone wild?
Yeah.
I'm going to make a, I'm writing a book called, Goiim Gone Wild.
Because that's what America's all about today.
They just say they're just out of control.
The foresighted religious or moral objections to filling prescriptions for the morning after
pill and have said they would like to maintain their right to refuse to dispense in an Illinois
that's not an option while range folks from Antifini Brew said she probably came to Gary Brews.
A rule imposed by governor of Black, Black, a jobage, whatever's name is an April,
requires that Illinois pharmacies that spell contraceptives approved by the US Food and Drug Administration
to fill prescriptions for emergency birth control pharmacies that do not fill prescriptions for any type of
contraception are not required to follow the rule.
So what's good for the goose is good for taking a gander.
Ed Martin, an attorney for the pharmacist on Tuesday called the discipline pretty disturbing
and said that would consider legal action if all greens doesn't be considered while your mama.
At least six other pharmacists have sued over the rule claiming it forces them to violent the religious beliefs.
If your religion provide, you know, let's say I don't believe in blood pressure medicine, okay?
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Well, the job is witnesses don't believe in any of it or any other.
Yeah, so probably not a good idea for them to be pharmacists or the seventh day Adventists or whatever kind of other
fairy tales you're inventing this week.
And wasn't that guy's name Joseph Smith?
I got it's getting fried.
Right.
Where did that girl over on the west coast?
They just came back.
Um, Joseph Smith is the guy in Talmyron, New York who found the tablets.
That's right.
Right?
And he said take two and call us in in the morning and put me in so many babies and that was the founding of the Mormon church.
The Church of Latter-day, um, whatever the hell it is.
That whole business, it just, it makes me gag.
All your religious notes when you're going to wake up and sniff the coffee, okay?
Sniff the coffee.
You see that commercial they keep showing you year after year about that punk?
He's probably 80 years old now.
He comes home obviously from college or something for the holidays for Christmas and he sneaks in the house and the more and little girl comes downstairs.
Oh, Tommy or whatever his name is.
He says, oh, I know how to wake everybody up.
He goes and makes the Maxwell House coffee or whatever coffee it is.
You ever saw that?
Nope.
They've been running that every Christmas for the last 75 years now.
That it must be a hundred years old.
I'm in for a treat this year then.
No.
419 votes.
Time to sniff, wake up, sniff up and wake it.
God, and chew it.
I still don't believe you guys by the way you're lying.
I didn't tell on the ear that Horrible Store, this is a little bit too gross but nevertheless it's its part of life, you know?
I go to the ATM, this is before I went to a woodbinding or then I go and take out or maybe I know I was before I went to Niagara Falls for the weekend to plunge.
So I want to take out some extra cash.
So I go to where my bank is and I go to the ATM which is inside like a place.
And I tap out the numbers, you know, the money is coming out and I look down and I realize I hadn't seen it when I hit the button.
That somebody had sneezed all over the keyboard.
Oh, geez.
I told you this.
No, I don't think so.
I told Josh this I guess.
I told somebody.
And somebody sneezed all over the keyboard like, oh, it looks like a keyboard but it's not.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
I'm not going to wear gloves at home.
Oh, and I reached over and they have the envelopes that you make deposits and it was like a crumpled up envelope.
So I took it and I like wiped away as much as I could because I don't want the people standing behind me to think that I snotted it.
Oh, God.
You're bogees.
You think you're doing you think it's a place to do banking but it's not great.
I wonder if it was one of the worst things and then I had a smell like I would buy it out.
I'm telling you what man.
The prospects of being in that box are looking better all the time.
At least it's nice and quiet in there.
I hope.
Wouldn't be something if they start playing Celine Dion music in there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, brother.
430 votes on the pool.
The best fast food is at Wendy's.
71.
Dave Thomas is really proud.
He's still dead though.
He's pretty proud.
Grought a great guy Dave Thomas, you know what?
Yes, he was.
An unsung hero.
Tony's a Greta like them.
Of course, Tony's a silly person who takes himself very seriously.
By the way, Tony's a silly sports there to became a news anchor.
Anybody really believe he's got it all up now.
You're silly Tony.
Cut the crap.
We're talking super bold.
Wendy's 71.
All fast food blows a 50.
Wendy's just moved up to 72.
That was Tony's vote.
He loves Dave Thomas.
Playa Tropicala 47.
Staking Shake 40.
Now they really moved up.
They must have done something.
On Monday, we're going to need all you people sample Staking Shake over the weekend.
We know they got great shakes.
But the burger is what we're getting a lot of complaints about.
And I experienced that myself.
I'd have one on there on sunrise where the meat was like falling apart.
There's nothing worse when the meat starts like coming apart in chunks.
Staking Shake's got 40.
They're doing a fine number on here.
I hate this full 37.
Taco Bell 34.
Chick-fil-A 24.
Subway 22.
Well, Miami Sub 21.
What was the other sub place that the guy was telling me about the other day?
I was in that Sun Sentinel thing and the guy said you haven't tried it.
And it's a...
That probably should be on here.
I don't remember that Josh.
Was it Quiznos?
No.
Oh, we got it.
Is Quiznos fast food?
I don't know.
It's not my really.
I mean, they got it.
You know, they got it.
Subway.
If Subway's fast food, Quiznos ought to be two.
Put Quiznos on there.
But that's not the one I'm talking about.
It was in that I had never heard of it before.
And they're like all over for a lot of day, a little bit only.
Oh, that's Fata.
That's Fata.
That's the one.
Yeah.
Now is that fast food?
I guess what Quiznos is.
Well, the Quiznos and Miami Sub's in Subway.
Then let's put Las Fata on here before it's too late.
Thank God for me for that memory.
Who am I?
Popeye's 20.
Arby's 15.
McDonald's 13.
A&W 9.
Let's put Las Fata and what else did I just say?
Say I can't remember.
Quiznos.
Quiznos.
I think I had Quiznos when they brought the food in that one time.
That's that I've never been in.
That's good stuff.
That is.
That is really.
And they're all over here by the way.
I got Quiznos all over the city.
Now maybe I'll do Quiznos instead of Taco Bell because I don't think they're using that meat.
KFC 7.
Checker 6.
Church is teaking.
It's got five.
Burger King's got five.
Oh, I love the Burger King.
I can sit here right at home and be in the Alpeza Huffour and Crystal has got a pair.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
Jesus.
You could have bored every black baby in this country and your crime rate would go down.
Oh, Hills, the gods and monocles.
Do that style of giggle.
When he makes a weird girl,
Monocle is not the kind you can do in the.
For a cigar and herp,
he don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stocky goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human.
And then I can saw the turnseater.
And saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
That's when he was working hard late nights in the overy office.
Working on a practical joke.
He took a mac and noodle for an exploding.
Loading for a monocle was blowing rings a smoke.
Bills to gods and monocles.
She left side of giggle.
Every time he makes a weird girl,
Monocle is not the kind you can do in the.
For a cigar and herp,
he don't mind.
Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom,
she was born and born.
And our boy was doing her with bills all by.
Oh, right.
Bills to gods and monocles.
She left side of giggle.
Every friggin time he makes a weird girl,
Monocle is not the kind you can do in the.
But a cigar and herp,
she don't mind.
Oh, candy is a candy.
A master is faster.
Oh, yeah.
What you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
I quit it.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Girl, what now?
I'm so proud of that.
I'm so glad I'm ever going to play that again.
That's right.
That was a laborer love.
That took me about 400 hours to do that.
That was the manual.
I don't have one in fancy-ass editing things like that.
I got it in a shortcut.
So I had the strawberry long cut.
And boy, I think I did a fine job considering these kids these days.
They don't remember what that's all about.
Yeah, old fashioned editing.
Yeah, old radio punks don't remember like,
in fact, these kids don't even know anything about carts.
They wouldn't know a cart if Reverend Jones was given theirs.
It's, it's, look at that.
It's still, look at that temperature, man.
Fuck third, man.
Look, son, it is not a cloud of sky looks beautiful.
It is a fine, fine day to go out there to Quiznos and have lunch.
I think you talked me into it.
Okay.
How do you feel about dessert?
Seriously, what would the Quiznos or Taco Bell do?
Do I feel like Taco Bell or I feel like Quiznos?
Do the Quiznos.
Yeah.
They got good to me.
They got soup.
Oh, yes, soup.
I love soup.
I'm a soup man.
We got 454 votes on the pool and you'll be pleased to know less spot is the moment you put it on there.
Got one of me.
I think it's going to go zooming up there.
Now, do you, you say you've had it?
I've had it.
Gosh, he's had it and less spot is too.
I've been out towards though, huh?
No.
Well, if we play our cards right one day next week,
maybe we can get some less spot is brought in there, you know.
Maybe.
Hey, hey.
That's out like a plan.
I got it.
Now, that's what they probably need.
They help.
Remember that place that, well, didn't want any more business in the promote?
Oh, yeah.
They love in pop place.
Are they at the spot?
What's the need to help?
But anyway, we need to free food.
And one thing I would suggest of, they bring in like a lot of it.
Don't leave too much of it laying around because you never know.
Bye, bye, bye.
