It's my turn.
On that note.
Here's Neil.
That was your special, more.
I don't do the promos.
Man.
Dota.
Dota.
Dota.
The captain over is going to have a Bill Scowering's mother-in-law on.
Actually, I can't keep her basement.
Moose?
Moose Scowering.
So, I guess his mother-in-law would be a moose set.
And that might be it.
What's going on?
This is moose.
What's going on up north?
Everything is great.
It's been a little on the hot side.
Yeah.
A little on the toasty side.
90s every day.
But that stops tomorrow.
Getting a nice storm in here this afternoon.
It's going to kind of like clear it all out back into the mid to up for 70s tomorrow.
We're having a sandstorm here.
Really?
Yeah, I saw that coming from Africa.
Yeah, you don't really notice it, but it's there.
You can see it on your car.
Yeah.
Because there's, you know, the sand is...
Little bit of a God's horse.
No, it's not a downpour.
But one of the skies is a little disastrous stuff seems to like coming from Africa.
Like the hurricanes.
I'll start off the coast of Africa and all those tropical storms.
This is now the big dust storm.
Yep.
Which came along with the storm.
I guess it came along with one of those other storms and just came up the Caribbean.
So speaking of Ricky Williams, are we getting sick and tired of that already?
Or what?
My God.
Stop, but, but, you know, just when we thought we were done with that and here we go all over again.
Hi.
Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky.
It's almost like Jimmy and Danny all over again.
I was kind of curious to hear about his search for the meaning of life.
Yeah.
It's amazing how much not just here, but the national media is obsessed with this story.
And thank goodness that he gave up that Gondramon.
That's good news because we sure don't want him to get into suspended again.
He could be right in the audience.
He's not in the audience.
He can't take one more suspension.
Right.
And even if he misses a test, if he doesn't show up for his...
Well, I guess it's frequent testing, he's facing.
Yeah.
He misses a session.
It's like a failed test.
You know, speaking of drugs, how has watched in a little bit of...
I was channeled here from last night and I don't know who Detort was playing, but anyway,
I saw a little bit of the Tiger game and...
Pudge Rod Regas was batting and looked at me like...
He's lost 100 pounds.
Is that what it is?
I don't know.
Yeah.
And everybody's...
He's very, very resentful of the question as to why he lost that weight.
Yeah.
And that's the first thing that came to my mind since he has named it in that book.
And then, of course, his ass is about a quarter of the size they used to be.
Yeah.
He used to have one of the biggest asses in the history of sports.
He...
Yeah.
And Mickey Lollitz, and then, of course, who is the Red Sunx...
No Vaughan.
No Vaughan, yeah.
But he wasted away.
He's gone.
There's only half a punch.
They ain't got that big ass no moe.
Nope.
But I was thinking of big ass and moe in the same sentence.
Oh, I haven't noticed.
We got the space shuttle.
The big launch at 10.39, I guess we can carry that live here.
Everybody's on the edge of their seats to discover, you know?
Kind of like bringing in a baseball game.
That would be good to be a little time off.
Right.
I mean, you're only here two days a week.
Look who's talking.
Well, you got to...
When does this big schedule you're a stirrup that you're going out to Del Marr and...
Well, that's Vegas.
I'm using my vacation time for that.
He's vacation.
Wow, vacation.
Yeah, you've been a good student.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
Take the money right to the bank and the less work the better.
I'll be working.
I'm doing the Arlington million.
I was thinking to myself, if Greg Reed went to England, you know?
You think...
Because I thought that with that haircut, he kind of looks like a terrorist, you know?
Oh, I thought you were going to give him a subway pass.
That's what I'm talking about.
Look how I can terrorize him.
He first asked questions later.
But they are very sorry about it.
Extraordinarily sorry.
Oops.
Yeah.
It's...
That's the last place I want to go right now.
I love this.
Shrubble made launch even a censored problem recurred.
So they're just under a lot of pressure to get this thing up there.
And, you know, if we have to sacrifice some more people up there in the sky, so be it.
That's the way it goes.
You read the New York Post every now and then.
I'm not digging a rupee Murdoch.
Although I do read the Toronto Sun, that's not a rag of his, but they're a good sports section.
Front page today is classic.
Osam bin Laden tried to buy a massive amount of cocaine, spike it with poison, and sell it to the United States, hoping to kill thousands of Americans one year after 9-11.
The evil plot failed when the Colombian drug lords been law in the pro-society of being bad for their business.
That's really something from the Godfather.
And possibly for their own help.
This is according to law enforcement.
It could just all the time the dolphins organization.
They've got a lot of rich snort and guy's been on that theme for quite a while now.
I think the fact that they're accepting Ricky Williams back, I was saying this before this morning,
that it's showed you the state of the organization.
I think they're real proud of their desperate.
I think for a guy to dump on in the way he didn't just spit in their face and like,
oh yeah, everything's forgiven and come on back.
Oh, sorry.
I'm going to be great.
I asked this question earlier today.
What do you think would have happened to a guy who stood up and said,
I don't want that guy back.
He killed my whole season.
I don't know how long to play this game and he robbed me of a year.
Right.
But you think it's a lot of the team when Gus Ferrat and AJ Tussi Fili are vying for starting quarter.
I think he's going to be on that.
And I hate interpretive journalism.
But the reality I think is that the saven is just making sure that everybody says the same thing.
And he's going to play a dead end and if he gets a chance to trade him, then he's turning dead hand over it.
And somebody is somebody who'll jump at the chance to get him.
Believe me.
Because I can play football and they'll be a team out there who will lose the starting running back.
Like, you know, a fall tomorrow or a San Diego loses their starting running back star.
You know, they might give it off in something form.
I see what Dave Wantsd said about the organization.
He said, you're mama or something very similar to that.
Careless.
Yeah, he couldn't care what happens down there.
Yeah.
Sounds like Saur grapes to me now that the Wantsd had eras over.
Error?
But we got some big stuff coming.
I wonder if Jellies all with talking about the hockey season and it's the same old story.
And my key in season, all the Panthers are going to spend all this money.
How many years we've been here in that vow?
Yeah, well, I guess it appears as a very respectable $30 million pay rule.
And they're going to go out there and they're going to compete in the Peter Forrest Bergs available.
And this one and that one, I believe when I see it.
Well, they have a week to do it.
This is the little confidence is low.
This is the week that they can sign players.
And they can package this and promote it anyway they want.
But the fact of the matter is that this whole thing has been geared toward salvaging these horseball franchises
that never should have been illegal in the first place.
Carolina, the mighty ducks, the Panthers, I mean, it's a joke.
The mighty ducks, Atlanta trashers back for another round.
Yeah, that's true.
And yet they insisted that...
Well, it's like selling Halivom in the North Pole, man.
They just know market for it.
There's not I have this idea.
Yeah, well, forget about it.
Come up with a new scheme. That's not going to fly.
I shouldn't have said I'm not going to fly another thing talking with the space shuttle.
They got Scott Males of Brian here on CNN.
Really? Of what? They're really?
He's the space cadet expert.
He keeps him in business.
Yeah, keeps CNN in business, unfortunately.
What a bunch of grave robbers. What a bunch of bastards.
People in the American media, most of them they should only rot.
Especially the electronic media, man. They're just evil doers.
Suckups.
They grew up here, a ball's there for a couple of days when they were questioning Scott Mclean,
you know, on the Carl Robes business.
And they got all balls you there for two or three days.
That was the end of that.
You won't see that again soon.
Yeah, that whole business is...
Somebody had a baby.
Thank God there was no blue dress with a stain on it involved in that.
Somebody wanted to know the other day if...
Now the Carl Robes is in trouble.
Does that mean he loses his vice president function to change?
Right.
And don't forget about Scooter Libby.
Oh, oh, oh.
Thank God there are things like the racetrack man and little diversions like that to get us all away from these.
And then of course we got the ratings coming out tomorrow.
Yeah.
I'm sorry I mentioned that.
Scooter's 87 years old now.
Scooter Libby?
No, Scooter Libby.
Oh, Scooter, the Scooter.
He's 87.
He's on a coffee car.
I'm coming home.
And you know something that really pissed me off beside the fact that he was totally incompetent.
One of the worst of all time is the fact that he got into this big thing about how he invented Holy Cow.
Harry Carey was doing a cardinals games in the 40s.
In like 45, 46, doing Holy Cow before Phil Libby was doing a joke draft.
What is he talking about?
Holy Cow, my ass.
And toward the last couple of years when he was in it, every Holy Cow, all, everything he said was Holy Cow, it's all he said.
Besides put on the coffee curham coming home and he would, he would actually leave the game early.
Yeah, he did.
Yes, I did know that.
And the only reason he stuck around there long is because he tried to retire a couple of years before we did.
And Steinbrunner told him, you'll retire when I tell you, you can retire.
Well, he loves it.
It was really pleasant working for a guy like Steinbrunner.
And I think we got problems.
Man.
I know some people who did and you're right.
Oh, what a bastard.
See, I don't know about you, but I just don't have a lot of room in my life for rich, spoiled brat, rich people a lot of money, you know.
You know, like Wayne, there's another one.
They're all the same.
I always got to have their way.
I see him when I talk about Ricky.
Yeah, we're doing our whole show today.
I'm Ricky.
And Ricky and Shes.
Jack and Ricky.
That's it.
Have a good show.
I'll see him.
See him.
There's the.
That's right.
I won't see it.
Sarah Togo opens tomorrow.
There you go.
You'll be plunging on Sarah Togo.
I'll be at Woodbine making my contribution to the betterment of mankind.
Yeah, I mean, horse kind.
Okay.
See you.
You too.
Who's an actionist?
My junior, honey.
Yes.
Do you have a match?
I need to like my shoe lace.
When there's a bomb in my shoe, and the melody in my heart,
I just like to take a big key when I blow the play some hard shoes.
You're the world at my feet.
I think you don't suit you, I love you.
Your life is worth to take me for my religiously present life.
With a bomb on my feet, I do the wet spot on your seat.
I'm not doing fine, I'm an outsider.
And you're the world that's a bomb in my shoe.
I'm not not not.
You are the world you're waiting to die this way.
Oh, I'm fighting you.
You're going to be a first four bomb drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, four bomb drops.
Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, four bomb drops.
We're going to drop the bomb.
Around the glass, we're going to drop ten bombs and take a dip.
Loan back, right, right off their head.
We're going to drop the bombs around us.
Five, two, nine, we're going to drop the bomb.
Come, come, come, come.
Out there life, we're going to drop the bombs around us.
We're going to drop the bombs around us.
Oh, right!
Five!
Two!
Five!
Two!
Five!
Here's the real bomb soap!
These glass are gonna jump up pit on your ass.
We're going to fall around the glass tonight.
We're going to fall, fall, fall.
I've got a bell I could go to my car to my car to my car to look like a tune out.
I'm in the fifth stock, or the fourth stock, or the fourth stock, or the third stock.
What does that have to do with Ricky Williams, huh?
Well that is hard truck.
Exactly.
Or with the space shuttle.
We got 28 minutes, but who's counting?
How come they took away that little clock they had on you?
The countdown, it's 10.39 is a lift off time.
Yeah.
And what are the technical problems you're not?
Third, it's time to send it up there.
Oh there, it is 27 minutes and 33 seconds, but who's counting?
So we'll recover it live for you on a CNN.
Oh, and that'd be great.
Wonderful.
And of course we got our fingers and legs crossed making sure that this time nothing goes wrong.
All the last time it was on the return, remember that?
Yes I did.
And of course the tiles, the broken tiles, and this and that and well.
See, there's really no reason to be spending these billions of dollars and I realize that a lot of you space cuts out there.
Oh gee, how can you say that?
It's too important.
No, it's not.
Because most of the information and technology that we get are from unmanned space flights.
Right.
Like the Hubble spacecraft, but nevertheless, don't confuse it.
I mean, this is much more dramatic.
Right?
Absolutely.
What did you say?
Absolutely.
That's right.
George has pulled yesterday a thousand and 36 votes who is the most annoying commercial spokesperson of all time.
The spokesman Matthew Let's go, asked Let's go books 145.
He looped fast.
Jared from subway 122.
Hey Jared, do ferry.
Carrot top call ATT 92.
Can you hear me now the Verizon guy 68?
Billy Mays, OxyClean, 62.
He's annoying all right.
And he's always shouting.
He's a screamer.
David Spade, capital 154.
David Singer 52, that's bad.
Poppano Honda Lady 51, Tony Little, the workout guy 44.
The monarch Dodge family 41, King Paul.
I think he's still dead.
Kristie Alley, Jenny Craig, 40.
John Basto, fitness made simple 33.
I don't think I know who that is.
Smiling Bob from Innsight.
He got the Fantanas.
What is it?
Fantanas?
The first.
26.
Uncle Mel, for Lifting Toyota 23.
The Big Bo for Rock Solid 19.
The Ditech Comm Guy.
19.
Lusted out alone to Ditech.
What are you doing?
Steve and the Del Guy 17.
Haven't seen him in a long time.
Thank God.
Susan Powder stopped the insanity.
Tom Carvell from Carvell 14.
He's been dead for 100 years.
The rooms to go people 12.
Dan Reno for Levinson 12.
Lindsay, Dolphan Carpeten-Tyle 9.
I don't know who that is.
Who is John Madden for tonight in 7.
Ben Stein, clear eye 6.
Terry Bradshaw, super cut 6.
Bill Shatton for Priceline.com 5.
Dan Belsky, we buy houses 3.
Mr. Whipple for Sherman.
Don't squeeze it.
And the Sherman either 3.
Robert Conrad for Rail-Fact Batteries 3.
Tom Voo peddling his tapes 1.
And Pearl Madge, you're soaking in it for Pomolock.
Yeah, I started to hear that.
In fact, I think they embombed her in it.
Is she soaking in it?
Hey, Madge, you're soaking in it, bitch.
No, she's dead.
And so I think what's the name is to Rosie the...
She was annoying.
How come the quicker pick her up?
A...
She's got Hollywood Square as Rosie, the quicker pick her up.
Just the way she said it, we're lucky.
She had a mouthful of mush.
But anyway, she's dead.
10.
14 at 5.
60 WQAM, happy Tuesday.
Two of you got their waiting.
Coming out tomorrow.
We got the space shuttle launch at 10.
And then on this morning, there's the astronauts.
There really is.
I'm not going to leave this something.
You know, for years, Armstrong Ford, a home state is always treated to everybody just like family.
And they want to withstand it off for the youth and join their family.
Ford has just announced their Ford family plan.
That's right.
Right now at Armstrong Ford, a home state, you can buy a vehicle that employed discount prices.
Now to July 31st, which means about another week, Armstrong Ford, a home state gives you
the same great pricing that Air-Re-Ford motor company employee and their families get.
And not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive,
unbelievable tires and batteries for life program.
And for a limited time with any new car purchased, you're going to get a color TV free too.
So what could you possibly be waiting for?
If you want the best deal, pick up the phone right now and call at 305-247-51-12 as for David Rich.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace.
No bait and switch, no honey deals.
This fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong Ford, a home state where they teach you like family.
Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by his president and general manager David Rich says,
bring your family to meet our family.
Armstrong Ford, the US-1 at Southwest 307 Street, just 20 minutes drive south of the 36.
Check them on the way at barbstroncars.com and give David Rich a call at 305-247-51-12
and ask David about the Ford family plan.
Drive a little bit extra, but save yourself thousands and ziggians and billions at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
What it comes to is Ford.
We are Ford.
Sports radio 560.
Game way again.
Oh, great job!
This is an ABC News special report.
One of the most consequential decisions the president makes is his appointment
and the justice to the Supreme Court.
And so a nominee to that court must be a person of superb credentials and the highest integrity.
I have found such a person in Judge John Roberts.
My decision to nominate Judge Roberts to the Supreme Court came after a thorough and deliberative process conducted with fairness and civility.
He is really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
I think I've put about 180,000 miles on a car. It was a real workhorse. But the driving is the worst in Boston. That was my vote on this pool. Where is the worst place you've ever driven? We have 193 votes. They'd tell you a course while you're driving. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know,
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you were in camp
between Dave and Broward and to this ethnic thing,
trying to put it on the old table.
Absolutely not.
What?
The driving in Broward is a picnic compared to Dave.
I don't know why you say that.
Have you ever driven in the hell and death?
That's the word that I check that was everywhere.
Yeah, no, it was driven.
If you get on university, North of sunrise,
I mean, that is like, well, I give all Kevin Madison.
Oh man, nothing compared to Burberry,
or the best part of Dave.
Kevin, I lived in both Dave and Broward and Cal.
Wow, you're full of gravity.
Broward 16, Los Angeles 15, Rome 6.
I wouldn't grab there if they paid me by the kilometer.
I mean, by the key, I don't know how they do it.
There's no markings on the roads.
There's like 8,000 lanes, and they just pick and choose
wherever they want to go.
It's just, I don't hit it.
Tampa 3, Chicago 3, and Vegas 2.
See, Vegas has got several problems.
One of which is the strip was never designed to handle
the load of traffic they get on there.
So it's impossible to get anywhere if you're stupid enough
to drive on the strip and don't know the back roads.
And number two, similar to South Florida only worse.
Problem being that about 90% of the people
driving on a roads in Vegas,
at least on a strip in a downtown area.
They're from out of town.
Yeah, they don't know where they're going.
They don't know what they're doing.
They're like, oh, it's like the land of the lost.
Let's say, here's a fact that says,
Panthers will be buyers in free agency, and it says,
ride.
Reading this from old copies of the Sun Central
from 2001, 2000, 2002 and 2003.
He says, if the salary minimum is 21 million,
which it's a little more than that, 21.5, I think,
expect Alan Cohn to spend 21 million.
They continue spending 29 million,
like they've last time, Lord, table and leak,
and still not have anybody on it.
We'll see.
We'll see, I don't want to be a party pooper,
but I just, they're track record isn't too promising.
Here's another fact that says,
another religious, fanatic pushing their beliefs on others
from Brian and Papa Noviich, Capital Hill, Illinois.
And Illinois pharmacist is told a congressional hearing
that he'll close shop rather than comply
with the governor's order to provide
the morning after pill.
Pharmacist Luke Vanderbleek, I guess,
his outlook for as a pharmacist is kind of bleak.
Testified that as a Roman cavalry can either provide
or help the customer obtain a pill
that he believes destroys him,
what, where did this all start from?
You know, it's like an epidemic,
it starts with one jackass somewhere and all of a sudden,
well, that's a good idea.
Let's stop from fill in prescriptions
for pills we don't believe in.
Religious crazy people, man, that's the problem
of the world.
There is no debate about it.
You can listen where you all you want.
That is a fact.
Religious crazy people of all stripes, right?
The beta of the world.
And advice of the governor says the order only applies
to pharmacies that sell other contraceptives.
I see, like condoms, for example,
you know any pharmacy that doesn't sell condoms?
No, no.
The hearing was hosted by Illinois US representative
Dan Manzullio who believes pharmacists should have
the same right as doctors to refuse to like
against their personal role at the police force.
Screw them, what a crocker, crap that is.
It's that fiddle that it's like they Christian yellow pages
only carried to another further degree.
How about the Muslim yellow pages?
Are they yellow?
Yes, who died, some of you never heard of.
I give up.
Although I think Bokobrine, the loan,
if that doesn't, isn't there one of the bits
he just did here into something about WMCA in New York?
Which one was that?
Out of there.
Oh, I don't know what it is.
Hey, this is a thing about you.
The lapses in your home.
Is that one it is?
Yeah, I don't want to play that
because that's not one of my favorites, Brian.
But nevertheless, I do like to part about WMCA in New York.
Anyway, Joe O'Brien died.
Oh, no.
veteran New York radio challenge, Joe O'Brien died.
Not to be confused with the harness driver,
Joe O'Brien, fresh Yankee,
and all those other great horses.
O'Brien, a 50 year New York area,
air personality who worked at WMCA in New York from 1935
until 1969 and later enjoyed Stins at WNBC New York
and WHUD in Peaksfield, New York.
Died Sunday following an automobile crash
in the Berkshire's, a Western mass, he was 90.
That's the hell I think they have a car crash
in Coke when you're 90.
You know, if you survive that long, right?
O'Brien, a current New Lentis Massachusetts police
has car collided with one of the vehicle
at a town intersection, his passenger Ruth Meyer.
The first PD at former double day company WHUD
in New York and later the state's general manager
was not injured.
O'Brien worked as WMCA's morning man
traversing many errors in the state's in history,
including a legendary run as the main top-board
a competitor of WABC New York and becoming a good guy,
that's what they call the people on here
and WMCA the good guys and the process.
From 70 to 72, we handled a morning show WNBC.
He was replaced by a dead man.
Guess who that might be.
Sorry, Ronald.
No, somebody that's still dead.
Done, I'm his.
Oh.
From the mid 70s, Phil's official retirement 86,
he worked at B-E-Z W-H-U-D,
I don't know what that means.
Oh, giving beautiful music from radio terrorists
to the entire Hudson Valley region.
Jolbrien's dead, WMCA, good guy.
Wilka Brian's got a tear in his eye.
So what's Jolbrien, did you like better?
The one from Harnes Racing or the one from WMCA?
That's our pool question today.
What are you talking about?
That's the whole idea.
To talk about all kinds of things that people
and self-floating haven't got a clue what it is.
What could be this about anything except, of course,
and Ricky?
We're only 10 minutes away from our trouble.
It's whatever it is from the Discovery Shuttle launch.
Are you excited or what?
Are you whipped up to a frenzy?
There is the mission specialist, Andrew Thompson,
he's specializing.
Good like credit asks you this question.
Do you know what's on your credit report?
If not, remember this number right on your sleeve,
866-625-0444.
It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors,
but affect your credit score.
And we all know the problems that come when you got a bank credit score.
And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report,
good luck to you.
What a pain that is.
Good life credit is here to correct those mistakes for you.
Good life credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you
and there are no set-up fees.
Good life credit will already your credit report from the three major credit bureaus
and write letters of discrepancies and straighten out any inaccuracies.
So please don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score.
Before you visit the dealership, call a ReelDur,
whatever, do yourself a big favor and call good life credit.
And right now the first ten callers who do call will get a 10% discount.
Just tell them that Neo4D do call.
866-625-0444.
That's toll free, 1-866-625-0444.
Call them right now or on the web, check them out at goodlifedcredit.com.
Any doubts or any questions or comments, any doubts or any doubts, any doubts or any doubts.
Any doubts or any doubts or any doubts, any doubts or any doubts.
Any doubts or any doubts or any doubts or any doubts.
Support for Neo560.
QAM.
Absolutely.
Make your own accounts, friends and friends.
Get everybody crazy, the same thing.
It's all seven million copies in one day.
Break every record on the shelf,
and bring the soul back to your wealth.
Shake a row, and close the other folks away.
Carry fire, and the half of friends carry fire.
Make it all the rockest wind.
Share my ideas round we sleep,
We cheerleon the chocolate, thank you, we read,
Made over a hundred million holy mail.
Mark the promise that share my lead,
Bring about the school and win the dream.
There's no doubt we're under the jakey-routing spell.
Carry fire, and the magic tales carry fire.
He made it just be Bible sale.
Hey, here he looks like a little terrorist to me,
Run fast you bastard, sorry.
26 before the hour, let's see, here's one for the pool,
It says Jamaica.
Yeah, mine.
And of course if they have a really spiffy car in Jamaica,
They don't say nice ride, they say.
It's a good machine man, that's what they say.
That's what they say, isn't it?
I know it.
Anyway, I'm sure we'll get some other ones called.
The one on is the case maybe if I ever get a ride or taken,
If you call, I might, maybe not, you never know.
We got a nice Christine schedule today, how do you like this on this?
26th of July, we got the molemyster.
Much a reviled molemy and how we're david to two,
We got to manage it for Marlon's on deck at 6.30 Marlon's
We've come home finally,
Pirates at the state of the night 705,
Educates at 10 o'clock.
It's interesting that as mediocre as the Marlon's been playing,
Which they have, that division is so bad,
Which have been trying to tell Josh a long time he ever believes me.
But they're all like within just a few game, a handful of games, right?
Four or five games?
Yeah, the division is so bad that nobody's under 500.
It's crazy.
Well, of course they're not, because they're all playing each other a lot of times,
Ceasus and naturally, you just don't get it.
Right.
A lot of weak sisters in there, even the braids are a shadow what they used to be.
And of course those nice Washington Nationals, man,
They look like they were really going someplace,
And I think they are in the tank now, but they, you know,
They surprise a lot of people, right?
They're still in there.
They're in the hunt, as they say.
They're in the hunt.
What a fact is, let's see, London is at the top of the list,
They go back up, they're on their thing way.
They're driving on the wrong side of the road.
They're a little ass-backward than Britz.
We've got London on there, and Jamaica Monde.
Dave Caldy is winning hands down, though, so far.
Don't drive in Dave Caldy if you value your life.
And whatever you do, don't get one of those little mini buses.
What do they call those? Those jitties?
Jitties, that's right.
Don't get one of those, and don't take a cab.
Other than that, that stay home.
Yeah.
Frank's just, and so glad you mentioned the press with Hank Goldberg this morning.
I watched Tony Blair's press conference this morning, and while we both know,
He's full of crap.
It was refreshing to hear real questions from the press.
For example, considering the new British version of the paper deck,
they asked the question about laws being cognitive to the freedoms that they're supposed to be protecting.
However, the most interesting thing about it was that the full reporters Tony Blair called on a reporter
from the Algebra Network.
To me, that's true freedom of the press.
Would we ever allow Algebra and Algebra, no, not necessarily like to...
Yeah, then we'd rather than...
Unless they were sleeping with somebody in the administration like Eric Fleischer.
Maybe that's why that group call was in Jeff Ganon Ducker?
Yeah, that would add up.
Maybe he was sleeping with Dave.
Maybe Scott McCullough, one of those guys wrote...
Three minutes away from forming in the top.
Yeah, well, you know, these people are always whipped up about marriage and anti-gamer.
How about some heterosexual marriage there in the White House, Condoleezza?
They were all roped, and all of that.
Yeah, old maids, is that what you call it?
Yeah, right.
Or an old maid among many other things.
And of course, Condoleezza, poliza, who you can hide.
Kenas Masamacho, Hillary or Condoleezza?
Yeah, on board power supply now.
Or Charlie Christ.
Now I got in the clearance there.
Condoleezza and like their advisors and do their...
Close it, like your advisors, boys and girls.
And don't forget about two things.
And Ricky.
Now, one new thing here.
I'll tell you the one word I'm going to give you right now.
The whole world revolves around it.
And this encompasses the religious bull crap, everything.
You know what the word is?
Four letter word.
Oh, I was going to say sex.
Money?
That's five letters.
Oh, yeah, well.
H-Y-P-E write it down in indelible ink on your wrist.
Okay, limper knot.
Write it on there.
Type.
Everything is about hype.
We're all supposed to be whipped up about the religious bullony and your God and my God
and this God and the seven virgins and the 72 virgins and the best virgins and all
the other the crap and a white or shade of pale.
There is the discovery on the launch.
It's almost launch time.
But it must be eaten lunch.
Kind of like a Madrid and reverse.
Okay.
And the travel channel or one of those channels last not I guess PBS they have a travel show.
Well, I sure like to have that guy's job.
You know the guy that there's always a shows on travel to Europe.
He has paid for that.
There's a chick that does that too.
Oh, what I want to talk about is anyway they were in Madrid.
And they pointed out that they don't need dinner in Madrid till like nine or ten o'clock
a night and then they go out like bar hop and starting to midnight.
They're like at a clock in the morning and not just on weekends but every night.
Right.
So the dollar is inside.
Right and I've been there and that is absolutely true.
The only thing about Madrid I would say it's an interesting place but the buildings are all they all look to see.
They're all white.
Not all of them but I mean.
No, no seriously like it's very bland looking place.
I see.
Doesn't have a lot of character.
I think Barcelona might be more interesting.
I'm going to settle that out.
All right.
Jane is on.
Oh.
Sounds pressure water system is active.
It's been added.
If we say systems on team minus 10 seconds go for made engine start.
Seven, six, five.
We ended up in burning.
Three, two, one.
And lift off a state shuttle discovery.
The beginning of our first new journey to the moon, Mars and the Earth.
Oh my god.
The vehicle has a clear impact.
The state shuttle discovery on its way.
I'm going to have to have this.
Well, a lot of violence you might say to get them to space.
What's it like now on board there?
Right now they're feeling a lot of danger on board the plane.
They're about to go super side.
How can the other one really listen a whole lot of shit and go out?
When I think here.
Very good.
And you'll hear the vehicle every item such as porno right inside the solid rocket boosters.
And you can feel that a hundred more than jump left side.
And you can see outside of the vehicle the shock's forming right now so you want super side.
Those are actually called shock collars.
And that occurs as you basically make the water vapor condensed as it goes through a supersonic stage, right?
Exactly.
In fact, the other form of the shock they're continuing to accelerate.
So what about five times the speed of sound when they're sitting on a waste of time?
The solid rocket engine.
Go and bottle it.
There goes your money boys and girls right through in this space.
I mean, it's getting for discovery now.
I mean it's getting rattled around a little bit there.
So here the famous go in trotterlubs call.
They're absolutely.
But they're going trotterlubs and here's about another less than a minute.
We're going through the first round.
Let's clean balls.
Come on.
How's the record doing?
We should point out that once you left the solid rocket boosters, there's no turning them off.
And that first couple of minutes.
Very critical because there aren't many reports scenarios in the work in that.
Yeah, they were singing.
It's too late to turn back now.
Pretty much along for the ride for that first two minutes and 17 seconds on the solid rocket boosters.
Everything happens pretty quick after that for the next six and a half minutes on the three man engines as we continue to accelerate up there, as they will today.
And so you hit orbital velocity here at eight and a half minutes at 17,500 miles an hour.
Right, I mean two minutes.
You can see those solid rocket boosters drop off.
You can see a little flare off they go like tossing a couple of cigarettes out of a fast moving car.
And that's a good one.
You do.
Do you solve, read the sign for that moment because of course we thought of challenges.
Speed now.
30 miles, 30 miles.
40 miles.
Not bad.
Not bad.
Okay, scour miles of rises all clear, not bad.
But what does that have to do with fine working with them?
Okay, you people see and then better get your ass together.
Okay, you ice holes.
1041, 19 to 11 at 560 WDQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to you, man.
We're just killing some time until those numbers right in the morning.
Of course, we'll leave that in Georgia's capable hands.
All of this registered one.
Oh, what just one number.
Yeah, I know a good number to mention about 30, man.
Hey, if you're looking in the mirror, one ringer, all that hair went.
And I can probably give you the answer on the floor down the sink down the tour.
Look, just away somewhere.
It went away and it isn't coming back.
Chuck Alfie Erie's been helping the famous and not so famous and even some anxious people
over the years looked their best.
For over 30 years now, you would never recognize his work because unlike those nasty straw
and mousey looking muskrat pieces, Charlie's hair system, the natural hair line system,
looks like real hair that's growing out of your scalp.
That's the difference.
It is 100% iron detectable.
And like I said, Charlie's work is completely guaranteed.
You try to have nothing to lose but that's Chinese ballspot that makes you look so much older.
You try Charlie's system for 30 days.
Not 30, man.
After a month, if you know what all the way looks and feels, if you're not getting laid 15, 20, 30 times a day,
make the call today and you can return it.
What I just say, return it for a full refund.
Here's the toll free number 1-800-321-2413.
And tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York Riders Show and get you your summer
special QAM $200 discount off their regular $800 price for the natural hair line system.
The secret to a great hair system is make sure that nobody knows you're wearing one
and Charlie's skin-like hair system is as natural as it gets.
Call them today and get your hair back.
1-800-321-2413-183-12413.
Or on the wicked web, Charles Alphieri.com.
When it comes to a hair treatment, it means real life is real life is an idea.
4-10 advice is to fairly weigh in.
Let me tell you how life is so.
W-U-A-N.
W-A-N.
Hope you have been hosted with your food there.
Would you please be having a foodster be with you?
We are happy to say a lot of capital.
We are married.
We have high models in Phlaver.
terrorist 98 TPS is a hugecied timeline because from the start ever Blend sculpture in top of
border around Ask Nebraska till now we can keep flying here just a mere second.
W-U-A-N.
where the probably is white all day or.
W-E-A-N can you
APRILITION!
And if you want a lasting for your future to finally replace Zhao's hair,
badge isn't very fun, Peen and A-shoot for as long as you like with this Subscribe,
Here are some great news to the British people.
The figure illustrates how widespread fears are of an anti-Muslim backlash following the July 7th bombings which were carried out by the British-born suicide bombers.
The pull also shows that tens of thousands of Muslims have suffered from an increase in Islamophobia with one in five stints.
What was that?
Just had a little power surge here. That was scary.
What the hell was that?
Wait a minute.
I guess everything is co-pacetic.
The pull also shows that with one in five stints they were a family member who faced abuse or hostility since the attacks.
Police have recorded more than 1200 suspects that Islamophobia against the country ranging from verbal abuse, go back where you came from, smart ahead, to one murder in the past three weeks.
The pull suggests a headline figure is a large under-estimate. In other words, there's a lot of Islamophobia. I can't forget that out. Can you?
No, I wonder what that's all about.
And speaking of that, speaking of crazy people with rags on their heads, 14 Iraqis were killed yesterday in two separate suicide car bombs in a country's capital.
In the first attack, 12 Iraqis died in 16 wounded when a suicide.
And things I want you to understand are going extraordinarily well over their accounts right now.
I mean, the insurgency is just about in its death throws and that's what they're saying.
He says, how come he's not in jail? Liar, liar. That's all this man does is lie and lie and cover up and, oh man.
The bomber drove his vehicle into the checkpoint at the Sadiar hotel around 615 in the morning yesterday.
Let's see, there's some other stuff going on. Two more dead American soldiers.
On Sunday, a suicide truck bomb killed 25 wounded, 33 others near the hour shot police station in Baghdad.
US soldier was killed yesterday and when a bomb was detonated near his vehicle near Samara, etc. and so on.
It just goes on and on and on and the public is like, what is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that?
I don't want to say there's a lot of dumb people out there, but you know what? There's a lot of dumb people running around on the loose.
Forced sterilization. Those are the two words you need to keep in mind, okay?
Forced sterilization and we're starting way too late, but it's never too late to start.
The fraud haters, as I'd like to add, Washington, DC, Northern Virginia. Well, Washington, DC is good enough for me.
We have driven them many years ago.
They're about to play. Have it? Yeah.
You can go see all the great things there. Thank you.
I'm a monument and a capital building at the White House in the Grants Tomb and the Lincoln Allett stuff.
So who's very aggressive?
Joel Bryan.
Pull questions so far. Where is the worst place you've ever driven? 237 votes in big counties when it hands down your pantheonies. 130.
130.
Boston, 32.
New York, 23.
I'll be honest with you, then I haven't been to New York in many, many years, but I used to run a car when I go there.
Compared to what you might think, unless you're a crazy person that gets on a expressway during rush hour, which I could be anywhere, you know?
But I found driving in the earth was not so bad. Then, Robert County, 20, which I think you're full of it.
You've been very solicited. What?
I hope it's not as bad as David, but another have more than 20 votes.
Maybe driving in the right places.
We're all the young people are Hollywood.
Los Angeles 16, Rome 7, don't even think about doing a tampo for.
I don't know what it is in Tampa, but like on Dale Maybury, every time there's a traffic light, even in the middle of the afternoon, forget about rush hour.
Traffic is back at her about three miles. I don't know what it is because all the damn trains.
Is that what it is? Yeah. No. Tampa, before, they're also going to a mom and zoonus.
That must be what it is. Chicago 3, Las Vegas 2, Washington DC London and Jamaica don't have any of it, but it is a good machine man.
Very good machine. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Neil and his Jamaican problem. I got a lot of problems, but I mean not that anybody cares, but I have many problems.
I'm becoming every day that I live, I become more and more bigoted, and that's just the way that they can't make a loss in that you can't become bigoted.
I just don't like people that smell bad, and they're actually arrogant and obnoxious.
And of course, I'm not singeing anybody up. That's the good part.
I don't care where their family tree is all about or who was hanging in it or whatever.
I just, you know, if they were like reasonable people, like humans, you know, and if they think like they just came out of the subject tank,
which there are many of those people and it seems like most of them hang out at a wood buy. W-Q-I-M, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I want to put Chicago to the top of this, because I've been there last year, and I worked there for a month, and the place is a big chaotic circle of roads, and you know, you could be driving out one road and you end up on another road without a vehicle.
Okay, very careful what neighborhood you want. I want Skyloft driving, but I want to put and believe you me.
Oh, but I want to put up Buffalo coasts deck because of the faces of domes.
Okay, okay. Don't put it on their window. How many QA and hello?
A meal, I'm doing, man.
The ghost of Irvine's time will be very upset about that. Yes, sir. Great. What do you got?
Beautiful. Hey, it's just a good question. And then he can't be getting a sound bite and delby's voice. You know, he has a shack and I can't see it on him. Ricky.
Ricky, you're going to do it for Ricky? I'm sure we can arrange it. We can work it out. We have this.
That would be great if you can't lose any of that. I think you can. Great. Thank you, sir.
Okay, thanks, Polly. Have a great life. 5667-0560, prompt 5, 60 in the hang on a second. So I whistle the tune. I just want to make sure that the power is on that.
I mean, she's up. Room is on that thing.
Yeah, it's fine. It's just that I was like, of course, you have those there all the time every time a bird flies over.
Yeah, I was like a little bit of a problem. But then again, that's the way that goes. If a bird flies over, you'll leave the end of the video.
Well, there's little jobs on CNN. Do we want to see him go away or Lou, we can't stay here. Go kiss him illegal aliens. Get out of here already. Go outsource your life.
Get away from our face. You're quizzling you. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
How's that for Ricky? W-Q-A-M. Hello. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Hey, I would agree with you. He's off to this pretty bad. I've asked him there four times. They're actually rented a car just drove around a little.
I mean, I actually rode around a little. But I think anyone said the answer down yet?
Yeah, answer to that is an excellent choice because between the trams and the bicycles and the idiots and the one and the narrow streets,
which nobody knows which way they're supposed to go. Yeah. You don't know when the street ends and you don't know where they're going to be a tram only on the street.
Also, there's no place to park actually. There's pretty much a 24 hour traffic dump in the city the whole time.
And not only that, but they have those streets where those things pop up out of the street, whatever they call it.
Yeah, those electronic things. And they're a little bit data. They'll pop up and all of a sudden, like, oh, you can't go straight because there's no access. No access. No entrance.
Okay, so that means there's a lot of exit entrance, but it's a different story in that place. 5.670560.560.
I mean Verizon, singular wireless line. Mojauer, David, warm up show. WQAM. Hello.
Oh, no. Yes, sir.
Where's the place I've ever driven to Baltimore, Washington, Parkway?
Okay. You can put your car in park and read the helio in the audience before you drive a mile. Yeah.
Yeah. And one thing that really makes me laugh, I don't know if you can play it again, but is that Jimmy and Danny little thing used to play a long time ago.
Reminds me of these people talking about Ricky. No problem. And you got it. Thank you.
I wouldn't be able to play that. Do they say they don't say that? No.
Oh, it makes me want to say when I think of those days, Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy now we got the Ricky and Ricky and that brother.
10.56.560. There's Scott Miles O'Brien with a big smile on his face.
That's the fight that got on. Yeah, there we go. He's kind of sound a little bit strange. There's Scott Miles. Maybe some hanging out with that bitch.
And then they sent Soli that O'Brien over to London like in Wesley. You know, she's over there with the Shylock Holmes with Scotland yard.
Who are you people kidding? Are you crazy? Or what? Soli that O'Brien, my ass.
I heard that in fact that's the sad part of it. A Joel Brian died in that bitch. He's still running around on the loose like a real journalist, like a reporter, like a bimbo, like a simpleton.
10.57.560.wfum.tv's got a new schedule. Yours. On Demand is an exciting new feature that's been added to Comcast Digital Table and you can try today for only $29.99 a month for three months.
Comcast On Demand puts TV on your terms. Now you can choose from the library that shows with over 3,000 hours of free movies. TV shows, kids shows, sports, special interest programs.
From a variety of TV shows and a much for charged, very huge library movies for what you used to pay for with a video store. Comcast On Demand will change the way you watch TV for wherever plus.
You can start them whenever you like, whether it's 9.17 in the morning, 11.23 at night, whenever. Plus with HB01 Demand, you can have an entire library of programming of HB original series and movies.
Right at your fingertips. All three would do a subscription to HB. Oh, and don't forget about control too. With On Demand, you can start. Stop. Pause. We want to fast forward programs using that remote control.
If you only have basic table of the satellite dish, you're missing out. So make the move to Comcast Digital Table today with the power of On Demand. Call 9.54 Comcast or 305 Comcast. They get you self Comcast Digital Table and HBO for only $29.99 a month for three months.
Service District and supply call for details in day 305 Comcast in Broward 954 Comcast.
When it comes to sport, we have four. Which way you'll find the car you share your shoe with yet.
This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your brain.
Give me a Danny situation.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
And I have a floor about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the hot-ends, wherever you bought him comes with its own frigid day.
And don't forget. And Ricky is 1103 at 560 W.Q. M. Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez said something that he spoke with one host chief of staff Andrew Card.
Immediately after learning that the Justice of Rwomend began a criminal investigation in the League of ACIA, operatives identity.
But Gonzalez, who was at the White House, who was the White House Council at the time, waited 12 hours before officially notifying the rest of the staff of the inquiry.
Many details of the investigation led by special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald are unknown.
Source is close to the case and said Fitzgerald is looking into possible conflicts between a president Bush and senior adviser Carl Rove and vice presidential staffed he blew his scooter liby till the Grand jury and the accounts of reporters who spoke with the two men.
Gonzalez said Sunday on Fox News Sunday that he's among the group of top current and former Bush administration officials who have testified in the Grand jury about the unmasking of Valerie Plain, a CIA operative.
Gonzalez, who has accused himself in the case, will not discuss details of his testimony, but said he learned about Plain's work from a newspaper accounts.
In the Sunday New York Times, Congress Frank Rich reported that when Gonzalez was notified about the investigation in the evening of Monday, September 29, 2003, he waited 12 hours before telling the White House staff about the inquiry.
Official notification of staff has meant to quickly learn anyone who might have pertinent records to make sure that they're preserved and safeguarded.
Asked on CBS's face to nation about the report, Gonzalez said the Justice Department informed his office around 8 p.m.
and that White House lawyer said he could wait until the next morning before notified the staff. He didn't say why he called card.
I specifically had our lawyers go back to the Department of Justice Lawyers and ask them, do you want us to notify the staff now?
I mean, you will be okay to notify the staff early in the morning and we were advised go ahead and notify the staff early in the morning. That would be okay.
Okay, he said most of the staff had left by the time the Justice Department called and that no one knew about the investigation.
But he acknowledged telling one person the chief of staff and immediately the next morning, I told the president he said shortly thereafter there was notifications sent out to all members of the White House staff.
Senator Joe Biden of Delaware appearing on the same program, question why Gonzalez would not have notified the staff immediately by email and suggested for the serial should pursue where the card may have given anyone in the White House's advance notice to prepare for a criminal investigation.
The real question now is who did the chief of staff speak to? Did the chief of staff pick up the phone and call Carl Rowe? Did the chief of staff pick up a phone and call anybody else?
Biden be asking and the people are saying, Ricky, that's what they have to say about that.
Scottie in for a lot of deals says add the Vegas strip from the and let's say what we're talking about. We have Vegas on it.
Two, that's what we're talking about the strip. We don't need to put specifically like roads. They'll be like saying, well how about on sunrise boulevard between, you know, University in Pine Island?
The Vegas strip from the MGM to the Treasure Island could take you an hour and a weekend. So Scottie, for a lot of us, that's my point.
If you run a car there, what you really should, all those drivers doesn't get it. But if you run a car there, don't drive on a strip. That's all.
Driving the back roads there, get a little map. Just one block over. That's right. Get a little map and learn the ins and the outs, see them in the end.
You're going to go to Vegas. What you don't really have to have a car even though some people say again, rent a car. You don't have to have a car.
No, you don't have to have a car, but rent a car. That's right. You don't have to. You can get on the, they have that little, whatever they can shuttle.
Right. Caves, limos, trullies. Now, beat. See the problem with the cabs is, some of those cabs, they'll get on the strip. They'll take you out there because it keeps them meet or running.
And it's going to cost you like about 150 bucks to go from the MGM grand up to wherever you want to go. So it's a Caesar's. Don't go to Caesar's by the way.
I'll take, go there to eat and shop. Do not go there to gamble. Let's shop. Go there, check out the shops and Caesars.
Yeah, that back in Albuquerque. They have a fantastic feast. I wonder if it's still, I don't know. Still going. Yeah, it's like you know about it. I went there when when on one of our trips. So what's the bottom of the year?
100 years ago, you're talking about the Bob Lincoln trips. Oh God. Zeebo, Las Vegas. Those were the days. Man, maybe he'll call in more of these days, but let's hope not. I'm sure he will.
Actress and activist Jane Fonda. Hanoi, Jane says she intends to take a cross country bus tour to call for an end. U.S. military operations in Iraq. You go, Jane.
I can't go with any detail except to say it's going to be pretty exciting. She said and way you've heard about what they're going to be using to fuel the tour.
The fuel bus. That's the boy. How'd you hear that? I just took a guess. You can get out of here.
Seriously, Fonda said her anti-war tour in Marshall use a bus that runs on vegetable oil. In fact, I got a taste plot. We're taking Gilbert and the Prozac run and they're going to grind them up. I'm going to go to the track today.
She'll be joined by families of a Rack War veterans and her daughter. They plan to return to the Santa Fe area where she was promoting her book My Life So Far over the weekend.
Frameted by a question from the audience, Fonda said, War veterans, she has met on a nationwide book tour of encouraged her to break her silence on the Rack War. I decided I'm coming out, she said. Oh God, what a thought.
Hundreds of people in the audience cheered loudly when Fonda announced her intentions to join the anti-Rack War movement. I haven't taken a stand on any more since Vietnam. She said I hear a lot of baggage from that. What I would say. Yeah, what an understanding that is.
Speaking of what's in your baggage, well, too bad you can't see the picture of this. We could probably put it on our website. That would be grotesque. Hold it up to the light.
A sculpted and polished phallus found in a German cave is among the earliest representations of male sexuality ever uncovered researchers say.
The 20 centimeter long three centimeter wide stone object which is dated to be about 28,000 years old. Oh God, I've never seen one at old.
I was buried in the famous and you lived here. I was buried in the famous hole. Maybe I have to think about it.
Four bells came near all men, the Swabby and Jura, whatever I have no idea what any of those words are. The prehistoric tool was reassembled from 14 fragments of silk stone and it's got the word tool in my quotation marks. I will just leave it as it is.
It's life size suggests it may well have been used as a sex aid by its ice age maker sciences report. It's just to be a symbolic representation of males and attenu.
It was also a time used for napping flints explained Professor Nicholas Conrad from the Department of Early Prehistory and Fortrany or something in college yet.
There are tubing in university. Oh, a tubing and they know there are opinions is there. There are some that's why they call it tubing and I'll bet there are some areas where it has some very typical scars from that he told the BBC his website.
From napping flints. Of course, if you get him hot enough, they say, we certainly believe the object distinctive form and it's rings around one end mean they can be little about us with symbolic nature.
It's highly polished. It's clearly recognizable said Professor Conrad. Did I call him Conrad or whatever it's stinking name is the tubing and team working whole fellows already had 13th fractured parts of the fallow's in storage.
But it was only with the discovery of the 14th fragment. I see that the team was finally able to put the jigsaw puzzle together.
The different stone sessions were all recovered from a well-dated ash layer in the Cape Complex associated with the activities of modern humans not their prehistoric cousins than the Andertals.
The big site is one of the most remarkable in central Europe. Full fell stands more than 500 meters above sea level in the art off river valley and has produced thousands of upper paleolithic items.
Some of the truly exquisite their sophistication and tale such as a 30,000 year old avian figurine crafted from mammoth ivory.
It's believed to be one of the earliest representations of a bird in the archaeological record. I was thinking of whatever we're just thinking about dropping the soap.
Let me just say this to you. Zest has not got body walks. Have you seen that? No, I haven't. Now anybody out there that complains that zest isn't manly enough for you. I mean you get serious. Zest body walks. Yeah, with a little bit of that.
Josh, you're going to run. I'm guessing this afternoon. No, I'm good. You don't like zest. Is that straight over there? I don't use it. Well, why not? Do you ever use zest soap? My life is probably I have. Yeah, it's fine.
It's good. It's a nice manly soap man, but they got like two different or fragrances now as zest body wash. Schmir it.
Anyway, there are other still not just known to science. They're obviously phallic symbols and slightly older from France and Morocco, but to have any representation of males in the city from this time period is highly unusual.
Female representations with highly accented sexual attributes are very well documented at many sites, but male representations are very, very rare explained professor Konard.
And it shows a figure here, a female form, a 30,000 year old Venus of Willendorf was very, very saggy boobies. I mean this is really oh god. Yeah, probably to scale. She has a body like what was her name like on good times? What's her name?
Good times? Yeah, like, the Western role. In fact, a big jelly role. And anyway, current evidence indicates the swabi in juror of Southwest Germany was one of the central regions of cultural innovation after the arrival of modern humans in Europe some 40,000 years ago.
Oh, what's that that I do to the Bible crowd? The Jesus Christ is 40,000 years in and the Jews. You devil worshipers, you crazy people.
The whole Phil's Palace over one show at Blobber and a pre-starch museum in a nice exhibition called Ice Art Clearly Mail.
When I say it, they felt it buried in a famous cave.
Because of what I said, that's what the article said, yeah, I just didn't know who it was. Well, maybe they're going to find out. Maybe belong to somebody at Q.A.M.
Do you get a good night's sleep last night where you tossing and turning all day like poor Bobby Lewis, tired of that small cramped bed that your old macros is worn out lumpy, bumpy, it's just had it.
Time to step up to a new queen or king sized bed from our good friends in Dalai Macris. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king sized beds ready for same day delivery.
And you choose the date and time in a two-hour window seven days week when it's convenient for you like say Monday between eight and 10 in the morning or noon and two.
And you can do it between eight in the morning and 10 at night any day of the week, seven days. Dalai Macris carries the complete line of all the top names in the macros business. You like it? They got it.
Serta, Sili, Simmons, King Coral, Sterns and Foster, you are. They're everyday low prices and each stock make your shopping a breeze. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll stick with an expert bed and consultant who listens to your needs.
We'll suggest a style of trevolo less perfect for you and the reason these people know bedding so well is because that's all they sell.
Just about all the QM crowds slips like a baby on a Dalai Macris bed and you want to be doing the same. And if you'd like to start real soon just make that one easy call 1-800 mattress around the web at smatress.com.
Dalai Macris 1-800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for saving.
So your little children won't see when you saw it.
In two, you just walked in.
It's your gold drive who had a nightmare.
She called out the father who you were inspired and that was the start of you living in your life.
Oh father! Oh, who is it? Oh, who is that? They'll go back to bed. They'll stop moving.
They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving. They
They'll stop moving. They'll stop moving.
today, who was your favorite O'Brien?
Scott Miles O'Brien, Soledad O'Brien, Joe O'Brien, the MCA this
Jackie who just died, Joe O'Brien, the harness racing driver, Edmond O'Brien, or Pato
Brian.
Huh?
Can you imagine all the famous O'Brien's, I must be?
We could start the list there.
All those pasty Irishmen?
314 votes, whereas the worst place you've ever driven, Dave County, more than nobody can
touch it and who the hell would want to, in any language, 170 in Dave.
Boston 39, you're 29, Broward 24, LA 22, Rome 9.
See, I just figured out why a date is so far out of Broward.
Yeah, I know this is because anybody in South Florida who drives has driven in both Dave
and Broward, and exactly.
So naturally they have to choose one of the other ones, no problem because I see, I get
it now.
Rome 9, don't even think about it.
London 5, in fact, just crossing the street in Rome is taking your life in your hands,
move real fast, that's my suggestion to you.
And Milan, oh man.
One thing about Milan, if you're crossing the street, they don't care.
I mean, a lot of people like you like here, you know, even cross the street and you can
be very certain that if there's a car coming a little bit, they're going to slow down,
they're going to swarve and avoid you.
And Milan, I think they're going to settle right a little bit just to make sure they
can hit you.
London 5, Tampa 5, Chicago 5, Washington DC 4, Jamaica 2, even if you have a good machine
man, be very careful.
Vegas appear in Amsterdam don't have any, which means that probably most of our audience
I know a lot of you have been to Amsterdam, but you just haven't driven there.
Good idea.
You can write a bicycle real cheap.
The only thing I've always wondered about, let's see, now, Josh hasn't been in Amsterdam,
your friend was, did you say?
I've had a bunch of friends.
Okay.
Well, maybe you've seen pictures and even maybe Georgia's seen some pictures and they
show you all those bicycles, you know, parked at those.
Right.
The thing I always wonder is, I mean, like by a divine corp, which is the big department
store on the dam square, the dam square, there's a place where they got like eating million
bicycles parked there.
What I always wonder since they all look almost exactly the same, how do you know which one
is yours when you come back?
Well, you know you're on bike.
You do?
Yeah, if you're just walking by looking at a whole bunch of bikes, you're not going to
be any differences.
I'll notice anything.
It's kind of like living in suburban Buffalo, you know, where all the houses look the same.
And if you're a little bit tipsy, you had a couple belts after working, you go on, I guarantee
you're going to drive it around driveway and maybe you're lucky, who knows?
I always wonder that about all of them, my bikes.
Yeah, you know, you're right.
And of course, there are stolen bikes in Amsterdam and they'll give us a description of your
bike.
Well, it looks like all of these here, you know, I don't get it.
And then of course, there's the tram.
Let me just make a suggestion to you.
To try to sit down before they hit the accelerator on the tram.
Remember I told you the story?
This was right about the time when I broke my hand when I had that bad fall in the red
light district there.
And I'm on the tram and just, it was one of my early experiences and when, when flying
into the pole and the pole and they got those poles hanging on to.
Right.
And then just when I got myself settled, he slammed on the thing again and I went, slimy
and the other side of my ribs.
So if you like good, the ribs, that's a good place for it.
Don't eat the food and have it in you either by the way.
You'll all use to resties out there.
We still got all of August to go a little bit of July.
Doug Thompson, your favorite columnist who writes the rant and capital hill blue.
He's got another really, really good one here today.
Nothing I want to read a lot of stuff because that would be very bad only beyond today's
week and sitting here really bedtime stories.
But most of you won't read on our website anyway because you're too damn lazy and we
don't have any naked pictures on there for you anymore.
But you know what?
Too sick and bad.
I think about that a lot at least 20, 30 seconds a day.
It says, it just crossed my federal ass.
But I mean first of all how stupid I am.
I'm an idiot.
People don't give a crap what's going on in the world and care about anything.
All they want to do is look at nude pictures.
That's all.
There you go.
Try.
Get a life already, will you?
I have no life.
Bush is not an American right, Doug Thompson.
He says some of the diehard rapids right winners who still support George W. Bush is a
moral and legal actions.
Try recently to overload my email system by flooding it with bitches and moans over recent
columns about their poster boy for destruction of the Constitution.
Their grand plan didn't work.
My anti-spam filter card most of them because it quite properly considers GOP generated
mail spam as it does for a democratic generated mail.
The handful of messages that got through quite about the language I used to describe their
president.
Your crude obscene language destroys your credibility so to say one, why not just shut
up and go away?
Better wonder who writes these misses for Bushite since mostly right-wing morons who
clutter up bulletin boards like free republic can't string together a simple declarative sentence
probably computer generated.
They're not the only ones who get upset in my line with when it comes to describing
the puke fest called the Bush administration tell my mother complains and she's no fan
of Bush.
Too damn bad.
I don't care if really give a flying F who gets fed out of shape.
That's their problem.
With Bush and his gang of goons at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, so it helped that, at destroying
the Constitution in America, I don't have time to be polite.
Bush is a heartless bastard who doesn't play by the rules, so why should those of us
who still love this country too much to see a destroyed by this madman?
This is no longer an issue of differing political opinions or philosophies.
This is war, a fight for survival of a once-grade nation called America, and war calls for
street rules, in other words, no rules.
Bush in my opinion is criminally insane, a pill-popping, dry drunk who's erratic behavior in reckless
actions threaten world peace, and the future of this nation far more than any Islam-spotting
religious fanatic.
He is an enemy of the state, a mood-sweying despot who threatens the very freedoms that
form the foundation of this country.
He's created a police state where basic American freedoms have vanished under a politically
exaggerated threat to national security, mostly human tragedy of 9-11 for his personal
agenda, and ripped the Constitution of the Shreds through the USA Pay Crude Act, a
rights-roving peace-ledges legislation put together by his former attorney general,
the Bible Thumping John Ascroft, and a net former senator who couldn't even win an election
against a dead man.
George W. Bush is also not an American.
He and his daddy sold their souls in a loyally long-growing Saudi oil interest, especially
the Bin Laden family, as the same Bin Laden, whose role that have mastered 9-11 attacks.
The Bin Laden's laundering money through W.S. Old Texas air guard Buddy James Bath, the
North American representative for the Bin Laden family bank, bailed out Bush on his first
failed business adventures, and then bank rolled his first run for Texas Governor.
According to Craig Underrothler of House of Bush House of South, the Bush family has
over the years received some $480 million from the Saudi business interests, including
the Bin Laden family.
Bush is a politician and politicians are by road for sale to the highest bidder, so you
tell us, is anyone out there the Saudis and the Bin Laden's for Bush's loyalty?
Having a president on the payroll of the family of the man who killed 3,000 plus Americans
on 9-11 raises a very real concern that Bush's illegal and immoral actions are a lot more
than just politics as usual.
It may explain to the decisions who all about abandon the search for Bin Laden and Afghanistan
and move American military resources to the ill-conceived invasion of Iraq.
It's over less than a year to capture Saddam Hussein, yet Bin Laden has still been largely
four years after 9-11 attacks.
All of this suggests to me that the President of the United States owes a lot more to
his Saudi money boys than those to the country he's sworn to serve.
It tells me the President of the U.S. is a traitor.
Traitors should not be president.
They should be arrested for out-of-the-punch conviction, punish for their crimes against
their country.
And as far as I'm concerned, anyone who continues to support this traitor to America is equally
guilty of treason.
Don't like these characterization?
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn if it kisses you off because I do give a damn
about my country.
It's just too effing bad that you don't.
There's that bloody guy's house and I'm pretty good stuff.
You go Doug.
Yeah, you go boy.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM for years I've been telling you about drug concepts, the best
perfect cleaning company in the universe I've used them for over 20 long, excruciating years
in a variety of homes.
But you do know the drug concepts can also save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars
in other areas by doing other things for you.
Drug concepts also specialize in drape re-cleaning, a pulse for another furniture restoration,
macros cleaning, or you have a rug cleaning and repair petal or treatments and water damage.
Drug concepts can also clean and restore your talent, drought quickly and efficiently, too.
Drug concepts, professional staff, as always improving the serve of you, their customers
with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented.
And during this month, during the month of July, it's drug concepts, summer season or
sale, taking advantage of great savings on all the drug concept services from carpet cleaning
to talent grout clean.
It's the only place to call drug concepts.
And they brought it in the palm of each is called toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
No forget no rip-offs, no scams, no games, they can be guaranteed written price up front
people, they start to job.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1 around the wicked web is dryconcepts.com.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
The number again toll free 1-800-248-507-1.
I had heard the story already.
Why can't we have one state where everybody who, like New York, could be good?
Yeah, it's big.
Yeah.
There are a lot of rooms for many, many millions of us.
And we can go there and just live our lives and leave everybody alone
and let people believe whatever fairy tales they want.
And that's it.
Keep your crap, keep your religious bullcrap yourself.
Frank and Tammy Janoski, the Pennsylvania pilgrims, have landed.
Greenville, South Carolina.
With their four children they've settled into a little subdivision in the country.
The first transplants of a movement that wants to bring legions of conservative Christians here
to turn South Carolina's government into a democally inspired oasis.
They're even going to bring in Russell Ways society like that, who probably put on some bad radio stations.
In the South Carolina of their dreams abortion will be illegal.
The 10 commandments will be proudly displayed.
Public schools will be a thing of the past.
Taxes will be severely limited.
And property rights will be paramount.
And if the federal government tried to interfere well they'd succeed.
So far the Christian Exodus movement hasn't been a mighty magnet for change.
Only four other families have followed Janoski's lead.
A far cry from the thousands of Christians settled on the groups website.
Even the founder of the group is still in this California home, promising to move in 2006 or 2007,
or eight or nine or when it gets around with.
Their idea, however, is as old as America.
A haven for like-minded people with a government run according to their particular religious beliefs.
Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Utah all got their start as religious sanctuaries.
And it touches a leaf-seated tension within Christianity, how much to withdraw from the contaminating influences of the outside world,
and how much to engage the world and try to transform it.
Historically, Evangelical Christianity's had a vacillating relationship with the culture said James Elbuth,
a professor of political science at Fermin University, who has studied the influence of religion on politics.
For much of the 19th century Evangelical Protestants were the culture.
A lot of that changed for while in the 20th century, they tried to wall themselves off from the culture.
That shift of engagement to withdrawal known as the Great Reversal,
did we hear the Great Reversal? No, we did not.
Forms of fundamentalist branch of Evangelicals intent on protecting themselves from such worldly influences
as the theory of evolution and the selections of Hollywood, conservative Christians often said they build a full injunction.
Therefore come out from them and be separate from them, says the Lord, and touch nothing unclean, then I will welcome you.
Don't touch it as unclean, or at least cleaned off first.
That stance began to change by mid-century as more modernity of Evangelicals broke from the fundamentalist,
and in the 1980s the emergence of such groups as the Christian Coalition and the Moral Majority,
but made conservative Christians back in the political fray in Voking Jesus' German on the Mount,
you are the saw of the earth, you are the light of the world, let your light shine before there so that they may see your good works
and give glory to your father in heaven. Put your father for your father.
That reversal, the Great Reversal, says some scholars call it, is now in full swing.
Politically active conservative Christians were crucial to Bush's election victories in 2004,
and their vocal supporters is Supreme Court nominee John G. Roberts, Jr.
To Cory Brunel found her Christian, as said, is that political activity isn't enough?
He wants something more radical, a kind of Christian-free state.
Well, couldn't we have like a Christian-free zone?
Oh, totally.
A religion-free zone. I'm Jones and Frey, religious-free zone.
We believe that Christ's admiration to go and make disciples of all nations does not exclude any facets of life,
Brunel said, and telephone from his Valley Springs, California home,
were asking people to move and do something new. Our intent is to put men in office who will do what
out to the Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Rory Moore did, defied the federal government, dang it.
The group school has stepped 2500 members in two upstate counties by September 2006,
that's in South Carolina, and as many as 12,000 by 2008,
that Brunel said it would be enough to elect local candidates and snowball into a statewide force
soon enough, right thinking officials would be in its far right,
thinking officials would be elected to force a confrontation with the feds.
Just like in California, the top crowd out there, the crowd was successful labor, that's right.
Well, proponents of federal conflict, Brunel, said people ought to stand up there to flirt with the rest.
Brunel 29 used to be a regional director in Texas for the League of the South,
a successionist organization. Robert Haines, director of the League in South Carolina,
said his group is working with Christian Exodus on the common goal of self-government.
The last time South Carolina succeeded from the Union was December 20, 1860,
lighting the fuse that touched up the Civil War.
This time, Brunel figured a successionist necessary could be peaceful,
admits the state couldn't fight the U.S. military.
Well, that's quite an admission on his part.
I don't think it'll come to blow to shudder, he said, I think it'll come to compromise.
Many South Carolinians, including conservatives, are skeptical about the new group.
It doesn't seem to be the kind of thing that would have much impact,
said Bob Taylor or Greenville County Councilman, who also has a dean at Bob Jones University,
the fundamentalist Christian college here.
Activated Republican politics, Taylor said that even the conservative religious right is not where they want to go.
And Taylor said of the notion of succession that didn't turn out so well last time, did it?
Brett Nelson, a Christian who's the political science professor at Furman University,
said, what kind of balance did they expect an expected tip?
The balance is already strongly Republican and from the religious right.
This is a conservative part of the state, and they conservative part of the country, Nelson,
said many of the elected officials are seen as Christian men who bring Christian values to their decision-making.
I don't think Christian actually this is going to make a big dent here.
The Genoski said, we'll just say they've only gotten the supportive reactions from the new neighbors.
At least to my face, no one has said anything negative said, Frank Genoski 38,
an affable Southampton computer engineer.
I haven't met anyone who said, y'all need to go home.
Y'all need to go home now, you hear?
The Genoski's moved here in February for Moore'sville and Brooks County
to have lived in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania for 11 years,
Tammy grew up in your violation before moving to Moore'sville two years ago.
They learned about Christian issues from a church friend.
Here the church is down, and the sholes all of that crap in the mosques,
tear them down, right?
Right.
That's what I'm saying right now, I've said, I want a doctor,
I just worship at home, OK?
Go into a little closet somewhere, but don't go into your mumbo jambo.
But don't go into your mumbo jambo.
Don't go to the bathroom, don't go into the bathroom, whatever it is.
And we go to the bathroom.
Take all that money and feed the starving people instead of like praying for them.
The Saddest Fathers of the Republican politicians, Frank Genoski,
said the Christian Exodus philosophy resonated with him.
The Republicans control government, yet things are getting worse.
When I found Christian Exodus, I thought, here's a bunch of Christians like me.
Yeah, that's right, Frank.
Just like you.
We want to take an area that's conservative to be in with with and bring in more conservatives
and have an influence.
A lot of return to a country where you can protect the life of the unborn,
define marriages as a man and a woman and protect family values.
You're fair.
Joe Elster, 41, brought his wife and three children here last month from Omaha.
After hearing about Christian Exodus, I'm considered a radio talker, Sean Hannity's program.
Oh, my God.
Born in Philadelphia and reared in Buffalo.
Correct them.
Elster saw the chance to be closer to family in Virginia, North Carolina, while advancing his political beliefs.
I've been a Republican ever since I was able to vote, but I voted for the Constitution Party in 2004.
Elster said, I wonder if he's kind of Kevin Elster.
Ever come to Elster, Josh?
Hope.
Mess?
No.
So sitting in his new home in Inman, the Republican Party, you don't remember Kevin Elster?
Sure, stop.
For the Matthew idiot.
The Republican Party is ran away from those who got them elected in the judiciary's out of control.
It's time somebody did something and that's what Christian Exodus is doing about doing something.
For now, the Christian Exodus found a red nose that I hope we'd be further along by now.
But if it takes two years or 20 years, we're making progress.
And as we have successes, I'm sure more people will join us.
Hop aboard.
Right?
Hot dogs on the board, as Chris Moore would say.
Remember, Chris Moore?
I do.
I do.
I can't believe we don't know who Kevin Elster was.
Hope.
Very short stop for the Matthew.
He was hot, I'll tell you that.
It's 18-till-noon at 560 WDQY and Hay Racing fans, Pompe no Park Racing and Poker, is gearing
up for its final two weeks of live-harmus racing and poker.
Beful they take a short three-week break in mid-August.
Every Wednesday is Delvin Knight with back beer soda, half dogs and other food.
I'm just a book of peace.
Plus the Sunshine State Series for Florida, Bread, Trotters and Paces, even Joel Bryan would be proud.
And of course, they're great poker tournaments every afternoon and evening in the poker
room with three drawings to win $50 betting vouchers every live racing day in the poker room
between 4 and 7 and the PM.
This Saturday, top and a barco features somal casting from the metal lands with their
$1.2 million handle Tony and trap preliminary races and $1.2 million classic series finals
with special 5 PM post-time that's this Saturday.
It pays to come and play at top and a park racing and poker just to have them off of both
I-95 and the turnpike, top and a work is easy to get to.
And best of all, they give you free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room are over Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker room is open from noon till midnight.
Live racing gets underway at 7.25 at the PM.
Top of the park, a black south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing
schedule.
Go online at top of the park.com or call them at 954-972-2000.
When it comes to it, it's a real ride.
Here's your ride.
It's a big day.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a big, big, big ride.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
It's a 4-3-0 bike.
This picture rated R.
But it is still PG.
So far, you can't remember sleep again.
Oh, the children they want to see.
Charlie and the child with that good dream.
Oh, the girl and father are back.
Johnny Depp, the smart A.
He is on track.
I was just talking to still notice, 5-60 W.
Q.A.M.
Can't play, Johnny.
Can't say Johnny Depp is one of those guys who took advantage of his pretty face.
No, he could have.
Let's have a movie, something new window.
That's in the other room.
I could go run and look.
You haven't seen me yet, have you?
It's something the window looked.
Whatever the hell that's called.
Rare window.
Through the window.
No, not rare window.
You seen rare window.
Sure.
Josh hasn't seen rare window.
When you better go out, George, and get it for him today.
All right.
He's got some cash left to do.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
He's got to see a lot more.
Because most of you people sure
are going to make the effort.
There's no question about that.
Because there's no naked pictures.
There's no girly pictures.
There's no shots of f***ing the boobies
and all that.
Don't play moss, okay?
Play me your fascist government.
Play me your president
and your representatives
and your spineless bunch of
phony hypocritical philand
remembers the congress.
Play me all of them.
Because they always have to
give you the goody-two shoes approach.
Oh, well, that's disgusting.
And that's immoral.
Oh, right.
These are guys, men, who are getting
laid more and more in one week
than most people doing a lifetime.
And anything that moves.
And why?
Because they can.
Bubba, he wasn't even doing that.
He was just a little, you know,
action under the table there.
And, oh, we got to dress
with a stand on it.
Oh, my God.
And the rest of the world was like,
look at it.
Are you people insane or what?
Were you people ever grow up?
No.
Grow up already, America.
And of course, our response was.
I have no right.
Right.
We want it.
We like it, but we just, uh, we're afraid of it.
Man, they must have come from those
sides you've brits.
Don't you think all that pure,
canicle crack?
Well, they came over here.
Remember, the purtons were too tainted.
The brits were too tainted for the purtons.
That's why we had them.
Right.
Well, I'm not, ain't that...
Yeah.
Oh, speak of that.
Hit this bitch right in, so to speak.
What a great segue.
Golden Colorado.
A lot of perverts are fair, man.
A woman who told police she wanted to be a cool mom,
treated guilty to sexual assault charges Monday
for having sex with high school boys at parties
where a 30-sensey supplied drugs and booze.
Oh, right.
Solve a Johnson 40, treated guilty to two misdemeanor counts
to sexual assault and nine felony counts to contributing
to the delinquency of a minor.
These are high school kids.
What's wrong with a little abusing sex and, uh,
just a little bit is okay.
Little weed, little wacky weed.
As partly a three-agreement,
prosecuted drop two counts to distribute,
oh, distribution of meth andphetamine.
Oh, how unusual that is.
It was a drug that's off as a cool mom,
the sect of RJ Van Dredven wrote in the affidavit.
He said Johnson told investigators she was never popular
with classmates in high school,
and now began feeling like,
what are the group?
It was kind of like a group group, she liked it.
And I guess they did, too, I would think.
Prosecutors did not recommend a sentence,
but each sexual assault count carries up
to two years in prison,
and each kind of contributing to the delinquency
of a minor carries up to six years,
the ex spokeswoman Pam Russell said.
Johnson was free on bail held parties
for boys almost weekly between October 2003
and October 2004, if I really said,
she was accused of providing drugs and booze
to eight boys and having sex with five of them,
the other three were probably too ugly.
Or maybe they were a fiat.
Police said the investigation began after one of the boys told
his mother about the encounters
and reported it to the authority of AC,
not a good idea to bring some snitches in there,
and she said,
I'm just freaking a little lark.
Some little snitched out the bitch, that's bad.
Somebody said, he should have done her homework better,
she should have found out who would, you know, that's right.
Or guess what movie I saw again the other day?
And I couldn't turn it off.
I can't think of the name, but again.
The punk from Dawson's Creek,
then I can't stand who was very good in the movie.
I don't know, I didn't know.
Yes, you do, in the movie,
where they're all having the orgies
and he's like his eyes are popping out of his head.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
One of the best movies of all time.
Am I going to have to go in the other room?
I'll look up and I'll be able to do it.
I'll be able to do it a little more than that.
The punk from Dawson's Creek, you know,
that goofball looking guy.
James Vanderbede.
James Vanderbede, what's the name of the movie?
See neither one of them.
Oh, you're talking about the little president trash
and all that stuff.
Jesus, God, I'm supposed to be the old scene out where I'm going to show.
You're supposed to be the,
the one with Jessica Biel and I would have guessed it.
I see.
Well, I like Victor myself.
What I remember the actor's name was Victor.
Remember Victor and I had great little synopsis we had of his true.
I'll tell you one thing.
I've been to Europe many times when I ever have quite the drift that he did.
Oh, man.
Victor and Victor let him when I would,
when Kingston Trier was singing,
hang down your head, Tom Dooley.
Victor must have been listening.
Because he let it all hang out and I wouldn't see him in a charmer scene.
Victor, what's that?
But anyway, that's a great movie.
Not good, great.
And of course, you know,
you're always complaining about the ending.
And the ending is from movies.
Yeah, no, that was, that was from the movie.
And the way it ends is like, uh-huh?
Okay.
It was perfect for that movie.
Yes, it was.
And there was poor Paul.
You know, and then Chris Bade,
then away it was with a cameo role there in the other mother.
The other mother.
It was a fantastic.
Of course, it's perverted in discussing it just a couple of films that you'd be touting on your show, Neil.
All those good Christians and our,
and the far-bison Jews out there.
We don't approve of such films.
And even the amateur, pretty pure about it.
But they might enjoy it.
How, I mean, how would the Amish know if they didn't enjoy anything unless they tried, right?
They would put up with stupid old hats.
They have these.
See, on you people out there,
they're living in a stone age.
Okay, the Orthodox Jews, the Hussiedem, the Amish, the fundamentalist Muslims.
On you other people,
they don't want to come even looking into the 18th century already.
Uh, I think the South Carolina is a good idea.
Sure.
All like-minded people,
people who believe that crap,
and one living in a stone age,
you've got the schmattens of it or face it on their heads.
Fine, go to South Carolina.
I would have preferred North Dakota for them.
But South Carolina would be fine.
It's a perfect place.
So, they would have a couple of lives all the way on the way to New York.
You know.
What, where is the worst place in every neighborhood?
They'd count you 190, Boston 45, New York 32.
Broward.
Broward's got-
Fuck, dirty man!
L-A-25, Rome 10,
campus 7, Washington DC,
six Chicago six, London five,
Jamaica five,
Mon, Vegas three,
and Amish did,
and has Salamenta Uno.
It's a good place.
But it comes to sports.
You've got sports.
You've got sports.
It's a good place for you,
but so long enough to be in the way you're in.
This is Goge Darns,
you're an ice-how-like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you,
it's the 12-door hour or whatever it is.
Coming up tonight,
I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography pro-class story.
They revolutionized rap music
with politically charged tunes
that scared the living crap out of white business men.
They were public enemy.
They were not one.
They were not one.
People did the gay and the black man
killed the tree.
By the time they saw the company
the incendiary spikely killed
the right thing,
Caucasians were shaking in their roots.
We scoured our archives
for one mid-80s soundfights
from a white guy
who would support our fear-monger and theory
and make you think it's representative
of the cross section of America.
And here it is.
Oh my god, me!
Once, I'll die!
Check me in Flavicle Blade,
called the No-Less than a Revolution.
Only years later can we see how their critique of this has seemingly changed this data quo.
Only the fitter lessons learned by entrenched poverty
and unspoken class system
and subconscious fear of African power
could culminate in Flavicle Blade appearing on the surreal life.
Oh, dear God!
I beg him not to do that!
Public enemy manager, Slave Gold.
Frizzet Nielsen,
fat freakish thyroid case
and Flavicle still wearing that stupid block around his neck.
Oh, give me up right!
Jeff D. has this to say.
We try, I...
Public enemy.
Proof that in a free United States
you can say anything that's on your mind.
Just man, do we have short attention spans?
It's a big juicy, soft and wet looking showpiece
those two days late, but inside the behind.
Bravo, three, five, six,
UW-QM, all the hype, all the time.
We got Mohawar David and it's coming along your two.
Jim Mantis, Samandog, and four,
and in a six-thirty, it's Marlon Zondak.
Any iframes should be a huge crowd out there.
What is it? 110 degrees in the shade?
Yeah.
Pirates at the Marlon's.
My parts are always an attractive draw.
No.
And 80K after the baseball game.
Marlon's are hot, though.
They're starting to make a little bit of a turn around.
Didn't they sweep the Giants this weekend, I believe?
No, they took two or three.
I guess they took two out of three from the Giants
and they lost eight, six to first game or something.
Oh, something like that.
Something like that.
Oh, oh.
Mr. Marlon there.
I'm not a semi-fat.
First thing was rules of attraction.
And now it's all the way to come up with Jim's VanderGeek.
Or, nevermind, I can't stomach him.
He just gives me spilties, but he's so perfect in that movie.
I mean, he plays that role just exactly the way it needs to be played.
And the role, too.
And then in the end, oops, yep.
Better not ruin the ending.
So, country singer Mindy McCready,
anybody know Mindy McCready?
Any country music people out there?
Do you ever hear her?
No.
Well, Josh?
Yeah.
Well, we better crank up guests and hear some Mindy McCready music, huh?
A lot of country singer Mindy McCready.
Of course, isn't that like a little redundant?
Troubled country music singer?
All seem to have a lot of problems.
Of course, the in-bred part.
That is a problem in the beginning, you know?
The in-bred part?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, huh?
Whole country western thing leads me really limp.
The people who sing it.
The people who listen to it.
Troubled country singer Mindy McCready has been hospitalized in Florida.
After an overdose, according to authorities,
McCready 28 was found unconscious right in a hotel army,
according to authorities in Pinellas County,
an incident reported in a list of nature of the overdose.
It must have been just like, you know, tyling all of something.
When you think, I'm sure.
Last week, McCready was charged in a resort with identity theft
in other counts.
Within the past three years, she's also faced allegations of driving out of the influence
and a drug violation.
She's got some problems.
Old Mindy?
Never heard of her.
I'm sure she'll be right and solid about it.
Dennis Tomlin, who might be related to what's the Atari Tomlin?
Said earlier Monday that McCready had gone to Florida to visit her mother
when she found out about the potential charges in Arizona,
the stress doctor, she ended up in the hospital.
She said.
He said that he said that she was an intensive care.
Details concerning the charges filed last week in Mojave County,
Arizona, were not immediately available.
In other words, not that there's a cover if you understand, but, you know what?
There's a cover, isn't it?
Besides, identity theft charges against McCready included attempted fraudulent schemes
and artifices, unlawful imprisonment and hindering prosecution.
Tomlin said.
Last week that the singer was something Arizona 30's apprehended con artist
who had built her another celebrities out of large sums of money.
I wonder if he knew what's his name?
My former agent.
Saul Fuz.
Oh, yeah.
He didn't elaborate on the details and decide to discuss the Monday night.
And Maimakreedy was charged in Tennessee with driving out of the info.
One of my weep, oh, this nobody has any idea who this bitch is.
I told her she is there. I couldn't care less.
If she's got something to do with country music, then count me out.
Remember Jerry Lewis?
A Gary Lewis?
Whatever his name was, Gary Lewis said, count me in.
Count me out.
Okay, let's maybe we ought to have some more names on his pool.
There's one other thing we ought to have on the pool.
Never drove outside of South Florida.
Yeah, probably.
Huh?
There you go.
Never drove outside of South Florida.
I've been to a lot of people.
By the way, there are people that never drove.
I know that's hard to do.
Never.
A few people used to drive me.
You walk, baby.
Okay, we can put that on there too.
Never drove.
Never drove outside of South Florida.
There you go.
Because we've got a shot of getting 500 votes on there during the show.
We got 387.
A remote shot.
All the space that they don't like just pool at all.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and even rising in the singular wireless line.
WCOM Hello.
I'm driving.
Okay, driving us nuts.
I'll tell you that.
I bet he is driving.
Oh, yeah, and Gilbert.
Oh, I know Gilbert.
Well, that's because he's got that good eyesight.
WCOM Hello.
That's it.
Those are our two calls.
Okay.
Oh, bad.
Like I said, we got a chance to get to 400 votes on the pool today.
Why do we even bother wasting my time with this crap?
I have.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Last chance for calls, baby.
This is it.
Pound 5, 60 and even rising.
Of course, what is any of this that I'm talking about?
It has to do with Ricky Williams.
Maybe that's the problem.
You think?
Could be.
I want to start taking this personal in a second here.
You think I should?
No.
WCOM Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a couple of stories here.
I don't know if anybody else has mentioned this to you, but in my neighborhood, I live behind
that Dr. James Dodd, the Westminster Church, what a core rich press of free trade.
Why?
V. James Kennedy, yes.
Yes.
What else is in chief?
Yes, neighbors around my neighborhood.
Now, sticking the ten commandment signs in their long.
Lovely.
Yeah, beautiful.
Isn't it?
I have a solution for a pal.
What's that move?
Move.
Seren fast before they get your ass.
The other story I want to say real quick.
My sister got married last weekend, and we brought my grandmother, who's 84 and has Alzheimer's
to the ceremony.
And when the ceremony started, the priest walks out and as clouded a mind that she's got,
the priest comes walking out and she goes, oh my God, he's a baguette.
Oh, wow.
I thought she said that damn second.
I can't stand it.
I'll be damned.
Move it back.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Get on here.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, hey, Lord Alzenangan.
Okay.
Hey, listen, the most craziest driving I ever saw in my life was around the Archie Twirls
in Paris, where they just had the Florida Line.
J. Perry, yeah.
J. Perry, actually, I had a great time with Paris.
They actually kissed our American asses over there, but really, I wasn't expecting that.
I'll be going back there if they paint me by the second.
Really.
Beautiful.
That's only one problem with France.
You know what it is?
So many French people.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay, we got to tell you Paris.
Get there not in there.
Perry, you got it.
You don't want to go there.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, hey, we got to quiet.
I'm in London.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Good.
Regarding your thing about South Carolina.
Yeah.
I'm starting to think that this car is going to end up splintering anyway.
We're going to have to go our own way.
How are we going to go ahead?
How are the people like you and me and yours supposed to coexist with these people in the future?
You mean Josh out of there, too?
You're in Canada.
Josh out.
Huh?
Unless you want to.
I said have a great day.
Thank you.
I mean, what is in there?
Well, what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Just do the best you can.
And so, all do the best you can.
Stay out of the country as much as possible.
Stay away from all the fascists.
Stay away from the religious nuts.
Don't get on the queue.
London.
And that's it.
Just do the best you can.
This sky is falling, doing the right thing.
I'm just, I'm way too old for that kind of crap.
Okay.
Just do the best you can.
Put a big smile on your face.
Put a happy smile on your tongue and whatever you want to do.
You know, I have a magnetic Jesus face I'm going to put on the car when I drive through.
There you go.
That'll straighten your ass out.
Then I'll think you're one of them.
Right.
Have a good ride.
And then Jesus will be there.
Right.
Now we're talking.
Just in case, go to our tour.
First, anybody gets the adorning look.
It looks like they're threatening you or your property or your pet, uh, a fig, a goldfish.
Let's blow their ass away.
And Governor Jebel say, nice job, eh?
How do you find the meat?
What kind of madness?
And immediately they'll be put about.
They just treat all this like it's the way things are supposed to be.
And in the meantime, we got 80 million hours on Sky Miles of Brian here on this.
A couple of hours.
Get off my set.
I'm turning on.
I can't stand it.
I'm turning on the MSNBC.
I can't stand them.
That's what they're talking about.
And put it in the sky.
I just agree with your initial front.
The shuttle launch.
Dominic QA in.
Hello.
Hey, Nia, how are you doing?
Okay.
I just want to get your cake on the London police, uh, pulling that poor innocent guy.
Hey, listen, he shouldn't.
He shouldn't have had that look on his face, man.
Whatever the look was.
But you think when we get our ID cards, are they going to shoot first and then look at our IDs in the mercury?
Later.
That's right.
Shoot first and check ID later.
That's an excellent thought.
Yeah.
That's what I'm thinking.
Maybe the London police were practicing for coming to Florida in October.
That's true first and questions.
But they are very sorry that they apologize profusely.
Well, um, you know, they're going to see them or do they have the same patriotic act that we do?
No, they got the, they got the, uh, New England patriotic actor, whether they can't, uh, they can't screw with them.
In fact, if they can't race it within the Queen, we'll understand.
That's great.
We're called.
We're over.
There are some Queen.
Have a great taste.
Yes, you think so, but I think we're called Role of some Queen.
You're fairly.
Yeah, a lot of interesting things.
Just like with the Nazis, there are always closet bags involved with Hitler and his entourage.
All kinds of stories out there, you know?
All kinds of stories on the street.
And the same thing with this bunch.
Joe McCarthy would be so proud of his buddy Roy Cohen and his boyfriend G David Shine and all of them.
How's Roy Cohen doing? Is he still dead?
Good.
Yeah.
12 minutes after, let's see, who played him in a movie or James Woods?
Yeah.
Yeah, he did.
Now that was, I know, but that was a good role for him because he was, because we hate him.
We're over like poison and we hate his Roy Cohen like, uh, poison.
So perfect rule.
I didn't have to act much.
That should have been on that whole way out.
We did the last week.
About a, a role where the accident has to do much acting.
Right. James Woods.
12, 13 at 560 W.M. Did you go to the night sleep last night?
If not, if you were tossing and turning, if your mattress is worn out, it's time for you to do the smart things.
Step up to a new queen or king size bed from the great Toxia Dala mattress.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same day delivery.
And you still get that same delivery deal.
That's unbeatable.
You choose the date and time on a tour window.
Seven days a week when you want them delivered and actually show up between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. like between noon and two and one on three and two 14 and four 14.
Dala mattress carries the complete line of all the top makers.
Silly, sir, the Simmons King, Coral and Stearns and Foster, here with their everyday low prices and each stock make your shopping a breeze.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll talk with an expert bedding consultant who listens to your needs.
I would suggest a style and comfort level for you that's perfect and keep in mind.
These people when you're talking them, no bedding inside of them because that's the only thing they sell.
They don't sell no halva.
Just about all the folks if you have a bed, you want to be doing the same.
In fact, we got a lot of babies if you want to do it.
Call 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTRS.
What is it again?
1-800.
Well, I never was that good at spelling.
MATTRES, run a wicked web.
It's mattress.com.
You want to come to sports and ask me for your fee on the store.
Who's with you, Vice President?
You win, man.
It's my pleasure with lace, particularly lace a class that I classed right information in and I want to know.
I want to know the truth.
I'm moving bus.
It's still sticking together.
It doesn't matter whether they lie.
What is it you?
We don't check these, your best friend.
These gracious be put to end.
We said we'll be.
Now, it's changing.
If we not, then push it to the back.
Don't leave unless you're part with our dreams.
There's no need for explaining.
But clearly, not sweet.
No, no, no. Don't leave.
Or there be a big mess.
Let the street know, please, dress.
All that bad we will, the peace.
If anyone in this administration was responsible for the leaking of classified information, they would no longer work in this administration.
Oh, yeah, right. You tell him, Scott. Hey, Scott, you're fair.
From 19 to 560 W.Q. I'm happy to do two.
And this article, he just backs to me that somebody sent to us. This is annoying to me.
And you want to know why?
Because I like the lights, too, anytime.
And I said for many, many years, maybe on daylight time, all you're right.
Sure, I have no problem with it.
Just stop changing the clock.
This is, I'm having people for a big chunk of the year driving home from work in the dark.
We get start by at five o'clock in the afternoon, like in November, December, January.
That's a bunch of crap.
In addition to which, stop and think about it.
And in Florida, it doesn't make that much difference in the afternoon.
Like in most of the rest of the country, where it snows and isensely, who wants to be driving home from work at 515 in the afternoon?
It's pitched black outside and the roads are like the end of the world, huh?
Right.
And anyway, it says, all this time we may have thought the farmers were responsible for making this a just our clock's choice year.
But it turned, and this thing here, this is really frost in my eyes.
It turns out it's the golfers.
Do you believe that?
Whatever.
And trapping ball owners everywhere have also had their hand in preserving the institution known as daylight savings time.
This is ABC News, so take it to what it's worth.
And keep in mind that Aaron Brown's there that on ABC News.
Does that say what they are?
No.
Well, it should.
Anyway, it says that's cynical.
People love longer nights late, sunrise, is right not everyone that turns out.
Nonetheless, negotiate this from the House and Senate of Agreed to extend daylight savings time by four weeks is part of a sweeping energy bill.
The provision is designed to say a few of one of the bills, funds, was also highlighted another benefit.
The beauty of daylight savings time is it makes it just everyone feel sunnier, so representative Edward Markey of Massachusetts makes every life a lot more fun.
But it feels sunnier.
Okay.
Hey, sonny.
The provision agreed by lawmakers with start daylight savings time three weeks earlier on the second Sunday in March and in a week later.
First week, Sunday in November.
Does it save energy?
Does it save money?
Does it save oil or lives proponents?
Say, of course, it does.
Opponents say it's just a way for golfers to get extra tea time.
You golf, you get that golf crowd out there, man.
Get a life.
Get a life.
I have to stand it.
I don't want to mention any name.
The Air Transport Associate of American Preserve Presents Major US Airlines argues that it would throw US international schedules further out of sync with Europe.
It says that two months extension the initial proposal with custody of the airline industry $147 million with the struct overseas travel.
As if, of course, they can't adjust for it.
I don't get that.
Can't they adjust for it?
I'm sure they could.
Yeah.
This is an ultimate disaster for airlines and all of our customers who will be horribly inconvenienced at James May, the group's president and CEO.
The national PTA is also a polar-darkening and more kids will have to go to school in the dark.
A hundred years ago, it was a good way to keep the surplus population down when you think.
I think.
A hundred years ago, when they first proposed this, they said it was about saving energy.
You said Michael Downing, author of Spring Forward, the annual madness of daylight saving time.
I can't imagine where he's coming from.
This has never been realized no matter how many times they say it and say it's a tremendous way to get Americans to spend more money.
The US first implemented daylight saving time during WW1 and then imposed it again during WW2.
But for years, the nation moved with a plethora of local daylight savings times.
And then it just, the article abruptly ends.
There may be not maybe there's more to it.
Oh, it's a second page, I just heard.
Oh, it's here.
Oh, I heard it.
Finally, Congress tried to create some consistency with the uniform time act of 1966.
In the wake of the Arab oil embargo, a long, long, long, long, extended daylight time, the 10th, full, months, and 74, the current calendar was sent in 86.
Two states, Arizona and Hawaii, still out of daylight time.
The portion of Indiana in the eastern time, zone with free years as refuses being forward, is slated to once when my daylight saving time next year.
Um, um, I just, like you said, just set it and forget it.
Right.
Just set it and walk away like you're shaking away from the last time in a readjuster body.
How's that flavor wave coming by?
Oh, it's great.
We use it four times at least a week.
I use my virtually every day, every single day.
In fact, I discovered it is a great low carb.
I don't know what the name of the brand is.
I'll check it out.
Low carb pasta sauce that I was able to get in my supermarket here.
Okay.
And so I take my pork meatball as my delicious and tidy and fresh pork meatballs,
heat them up nice to make sure of course they're cooked all the way through.
We don't want no tritinosis.
And, uh, I'm the flavor wave.
And then put them in a pasta sauce.
Heat them up for a couple of extra minutes in at the low carb pasta sauce,
and then put on some Swiss cheese on top and melt that on there.
Mmm.
God.
It sounds a little strange, isn't it?
Nope.
But you know me, I like cheese on everything.
Well, just about.
Well, let's roll with that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in the singular right of the slide.
I sure find for adults.
W and Q and H.
Q and.
I like the sound of that.
Nice, I like the ocean.
Clean and pristine.
W and Q and H.
Okay, I'm not going to waste my time.
I'm begging for calls anymore today.
This is an insult that's just laughing at faces.
It's outrageous.
But you want to know why.
Because there really aren't that many more things for this pool, and it's all they got.
That ought to be the theme song in the South Florida audience.
I got plenty of nothing.
Because that's what they got, man.
Right?
I got plenty of nothing.
I mean, they got nothing.
They got no material, man.
And everybody I talk to, it's really kind of scary.
I don't want to mention any of these, but I know a lot of people who are telling me they're moving out.
They're getting out of South Florida.
A lot of people are coming in and buying up the overpriced houses, which is fine.
But other than that, man.
And it's kind of scary.
I said, everybody I talk to tells me this one is leaving, and this one moved out and...
Yeah.
...anywhere.
Just get me out of here.
Can't understand that.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I prefer the original a lot better.
But there's a couple new friends.
I can't believe it's not cars.
Oh, okay.
How many QAAM, hello?
They're moving out.
You're getting out of South Florida.
QAAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That movie we're trying to remember is called Secret Window.
Secret Window was on a deck.
Do you see it?
No, yeah.
I love it.
I know, yeah.
How many QAAM, hello?
QAAM.
Who took my record?
How many QAAM, hello?
They're already.
Okay.
Listen.
A lot of things you said.
You said one meal with the media.
The media decided we have to care about it.
And other people did this trend.
It was three thousand of words on the panel.
Now, you're not going to preach to say why it's fair.
You know, if it's not anything normal, it's ridiculous.
And the other thing you said is very correct.
Everything got called from the state.
It happened to me with the state.
This is horrible.
It's not hate the state.
Okay.
See on the bus on the banana boat or maybe on the inner.
You.
Or be a hop on.
Just hop on it.
Wow.
Well, I guess you've been getting some really good calls to some.
Oh, yeah.
The best.
I'm going to have to sit around here and listen.
Not.
You want to cry.
No.
Although the Mars ratings, they don't forget George is going to be right on top.
1130.
And we're not going to be doing those monthly trends anymore starting with his book.
Not because they're good or they're better.
They're never going to discuss it's too, uh, irrelevant.
It's pointless.
They're sampling like six illegal aliens who just floated up on an inner.
That's it.
Even for the three months, it's marginal at best.
But we'll take whatever luck we can get.
And we'll find out tomorrow we're going to look.
We'll find out how everybody.
And then on Thursday, Duck tells me Thursday my luck.
We're going to find out the allergies on Thursday.
And about 1130 Thursday morning.
We'll find out who did well and who did not so well.
What comes to be interesting is why you've got to see the biggest person out there.
You're going to be surprised because of the pictures.
I'm going to school you a fight.
You way.
I was never simply built.
I'm just white.
As the wife of the governor of Arkansas, you were a, uh, a womanizer.
Yes.
I agreed to that.
If I asked you straight up, was there a sexual encounter with Jennifer Farmer?
Yes.
You know, she was so warm and a love that I wanted to try.
And I think I'll leave it at that.
And that was very meaningful to you.
What are the cheat teachers?
I would say.
What do you think?
Oh, just go beat yourself and it was good advice.
She eventually swapped her son, Val, a woman named Paula Jones.
I was absolutely committed to make some kind of a relationship with a young woman.
But ultimately, I had to get on my knees.
Years later, under oath and a deposition in the lawsuit, your husband did admit that you had your own first lady.
He put himself into that position and I gladly went along.
But when you're in the White House and your husband has a relationship with a young woman,
and it is not up or not hard or, oh my goodness, it took a long time to make it very, very hard.
When we returned, the decision that backfired, it's time.
It's a fight to do with the young woman, very hard.
That's always spent my time doing thinking hard.
And now it should be close to the mom.
That's good.
Don't you think I'm always the bad guy?
I think any mommy is good for them.
Right.
1232, your mama.
And five suits.
You know, I guess what?
Did Cheney's a liar and a crook and a thief?
Tree.
What a shun.
An art and senior military officer in Baghdad says, all I'm in, he's the liar, but I sure doubt it.
He says, the insurgency appears to be growing more violent, more resilient, and more sophisticated
than ever.
How do you like that?
Absolutely correct, sir.
Growing pessimism about a hurting civil war in Iraq, as well as mounting concerns that US military presence there may itself be.
Before I read this article and go into a ponderous thing here, see if my stupidity and you should be alerting me this, all the way you like to, my showing my ass on here, I'm sitting here doing the thing with the numbers.
And then when I don't get the media response, I'm forgetting we're on this 85 minute delay.
See, mentally I'm still living back on the day before the stern of the buckle, you know, before we had these 17, five minute delays.
So I can say, hey, okay, we're going to take some calls, now give them numbers.
And like four minutes later, that's what I should start looking for them dots to start flashing on there, you know.
Right, hey, go right up the delay.
Like I forgot about it already, too.
What do you mean by that?
I can't remember the word in a 30 seconds delay.
Exactly. So you think, oh, gee, how come they're not responding right away?
And that's because they're not hearing it for like another minute later.
30 seconds by ass.
Oh, don't call now. I don't want your calls now.
Oh, they are so silly, you know what?
Growing pessimism about a hurting civil war in Iraq, as well as mounting concerns that the US military presence there may itself be fueling the insurgency and Islamic extremism.
I want to read this sentence again and again and again, okay, especially for that pump that called last Thursday, who was giving me a saw in an answer that the stuff going on in the British Jew over there had nothing to do with their being in Iraq.
Right, your mama, you're an idiot, you're a quizzling.
You're never done to any Blair.
Just think of how much terrorism they would have in London if they didn't.
Yeah, right. Of course, so we in London the same nothing compared to the the IRA.
Right.
Now, one of those great days with the IRA and anyway growing pessimism about a hurting civil war in Iraq, as well as mounting concerns that the US military presence there may itself be fueling the insurgency and Islamic extremism worldwide,
has spurred a spade of new cause for the West to withdraw its 140,000 troops sooner rather than later.
Oh, that's almost enough to make me want to play that bit, you know?
Almost put up, I'll play it.
You can do it in a minute.
All right, now, although resolutions to establish at least a timeline for withdrawal have so far gained the support of only about a quarter of the members of Congress,
the absence of tangible progress in turning back the insurgencies and the fears on Capitol Hill that the administration hopes of stabilizing the situation,
let alone getting Brooks to pro-Western democracy in the heart of the Arab world are delusory.
Oh, do I love that word?
That's good. Say, delusory, as in delusions of,
luna-tics is delusory to better.
Right. Well, not necessarily.
In January, we had congressional staff hanging up on us when we called to say that we wanted to discuss shifting US policy for more guns and more troops
toward withdrawal.
So Jim Kesen, who's that Kesen? Remember the Kesen's come rolling in?
No.
Jim Kesen came in and you probably don't even know who Kevin Elster was.
Director of the Friends Committee on National Dislice in the Lobby Group. Now they want to talk about it.
While the George Gotter Bush administration still insists that civil war will be avoided
and current negotiations produce a new constitution by the middle of next month remain on track
The continuing high level of violence and the strength and sophistication of predominantly
SUNY insurgents and foreign fighters are clearly having an effect here.
Let me say it again, American senior military officer says, the insurgency appears to be
growing more violent, more resilient, and more sophisticated than ever, as opposed to
the lies that were forced to.
And the media gives Dictionia a free pass, you know.
We saw that a girl take the flop off the diving board on her nose 80 million times.
How come we don't see the re-institutory praise of Dictionia lying and lying and lying?
Because he doesn't want them to.
I see that he's the boss.
This was made clearest in two New York Times articles published on the including one
until the fine US efforts to release an Iraqi focus in strength and another by John
Burns, a veteran star time supporter who's spent considerable time in Iraq and
settled if it's civil war, do we know it?
The latter story recoded the recent intensification of SUNY violence against the
EU community that provoked even the ever-patient EU religious leader Ayatollah Ali Sastani to
march and is increasingly deferred in fighting the political transition to call on the
Shiite government to defend the country against mass annihilation.
From the moment the American troops crossed the border 28 months ago Burns wrote, the
specter hanging over the American enterprise here has been that Iraq, a son of Hussein's
tyranny, might prove to be so fractured that would spiral inexorably in a civil war.
Now, if I'm pointing more than ever to the possibility that the nightmare could come true
with current aberrant who noted that Shiite militias and Shiite and Kurdish-led army
and policemen were themselves taking increasingly aggressive countermeasures including abducting,
torturing and executing suspected insurgents and their perceived sympathizers and defenders.
That's right.
If they look suspicious, that's right.
But just like Scott and the Arts said, it's border crap away.
We're sorry if we were wrong, if we were overweighed, but nevertheless the second story
by two other Baghdad-based times correspondents quoted on the insinient military officers
reiterating two big frustrations that have been heard since July 2003 that the insurgency
appears to be growing more violent, more resilient and more sophisticated than ever in that
prosecuting the war is like sewing dragons teeth.
We are capturing or killing a lot of insurgents once senior US Army intelligence officers
hold the time, but they're being replaced quicker than we can interdict their operations.
There's always another insurgency ready to step up and take charge.
And we can't imagine why, can we?
No, watch it now.
451 votes on a poll.
We got a shot at 500, Josh.
Yeah, maybe.
And if we really put our nose to the grindstone or nose to the diving board, how many more
times do we need to see that today?
Fuck dirty, man.
Where is the worst place you've ever driven it?
Dave County, 233.
We should have said other than Dave County.
Yeah, Boston 54, New York 40, 86, Broward 32.
See Browards in Mahayan, I wonder what everybody's moved out of Dave County moving into Broward.
Los Angeles 28, Washington DC 11, Role M11, Chicago 10, Tampa 8, Jamaica 7 month, even if
you have a really good machine, London 6, Vegas 3, never driven one.
I'm Mr. Dom one, Paris none and never drove outside of South Florida.
See what's a good idea we put that on, it's got none.
It's got the big old.
Speed of the big old, don't forget the big old.
We'll find out how well he's doing on Thursday, right?
See how he's doing, how the Humphor is doing, how we're doing, how Moe is doing.
Oh my God, mad dogs.
Racking mad dogs are given.
He'll be doing just fine, right?
And then of course we can find out how those other guys are doing.
You know those other guys like that Danny Le Bastard boy?
When it comes to a thing, he makes real radios, real radios.
And he makes real radios.
Who should you fight for?
You're the king of India.
You're fair.
Are we the rulers?
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
I just noticed it on the TV.
Carl Wilvers got three sixes on the top of his forehead.
You know right on that big hall spot he's got?
Right.
He was showing it.
Hey Carl.
Anyway, here's the, I can't imagine I forgot the brand name of this sauce.
You should have told me.
Yes.
The same as the salad dressing.
Remember to talk about all this good stuff, carb options.
Oh, okay.
Man, this is good stuff.
And I'm looking on the label.
I have it in my hand right now.
In fact, it's so good that I could like, you know, stick my finger in the jar and just eat it out.
I could like put a straw in it.
Yeah.
It really is.
It's good stuff.
And you wonder why because they just splend it.
Because most spaghetti sauce, they like have hidden sugar in it, which is another reason why.
Not just tomato is but the carb content is so extremely high.
Oh yeah.
And anyway, seven and a half grams in a half a cup, that's nothing.
Isn't that good?
That's nothing.
Seven and a half grams of cup is in a half a cup.
Which I have a cup is a pretty fair amount.
I mean, you know.
And I'm going to, don't be making your pasta with it.
Don't be something if they ever made like a real good low carb pasta, which of course I don't want to talk about that.
Let's start.
Five six, five six seven, oh five sixty.
I'll give the numbers out just for a 10.
We're going to take some calls.
I got a pretty good pile here.
Okay. And so I really almost want to climb.
Okay, so Mr Discovery Shuttle, everything is fine.
Okay, they took off and they're still alive and everything's fine.
They're going to be out there for 12 days.
You're going to be hearing a lot about it.
Scramiles of bronze going to be under 24-7 on CNN.
With information that nobody gives a crap about including the astronauts themselves.
The Israeli Foreign Minister, the Jews are a peoted to Pope.
I'll take you that.
You see this story?
No, tell me that.
Oh man, they're really pissed off at this Pope.
The Israeli Foreign Ministry expressed its outrage yesterday that Pope Benedict XVI deliberately failed to condemn terror attacks against Israelis.
And it's some of the Vatican on a boy through a meeting.
How do you like that?
You will get your ass over here and you will cut the crap.
Or we'll pee in your pasta.
How do you like that?
Or we'll give you like a special cup of tea.
On Sunday, the punter prayed to God.
Prayed for God.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, God must have a hearing problem because they keep praying to him to stop all the scrap and it goes on and on and on.
And then we got to step on the cube.
On Sunday, the punter prayed for God to stop the murderous hand of Therese.
He made the new time blessing from his outfine retreat and Italy's Northwestern Validus style region where he's vacationing.
Benedict referred to the recent abhorrent terrorist attacks in Egypt, Britain, Turkey, and Iraq, but did not mention tax in Israel.
Oi!
I think he's anti-Semitic this Pope.
What's this foot, his mind?
The Pope deliberately failed to condemn the terrible terror attack that occurred in Israel last week, a foreign ministry statement be saying.
A July 12 suicide bombing in the Israeli seaside city of Natanya killed five Israelis, Islamic G-Hod came responsibility.
Is it G-Hod or is it a fatwa?
Well, there are different things.
A fat one?
Yes, it is.
What do you like better?
A fatwa?
Fatwa or a G-Hod?
Yeah, then, well, the reason I say that, I know what they are, but it's just because it's also stupid.
Yeah.
We have expected that the new Pope, who on taking office emphasized the importance he places on relations between the church and the Jewish people, would behave differently to statement said.
Not still the same old anti-Semites.
The statement called on the Pope to condemn attacks against Jews in the same way condemned terror attacks against others.
Benedict said Monday, he did not see an anti-Christian motive in the recent wave of terrorist attacks, blame on his, blamed on his Islamic extremists, attributing them instead to a much more general intention.
He's leaving the attacks, general intention.
The part of also told reporters while vacationing in the Italian Alps, he just started for Christ's, what's he doing around the occasion?
Must be taken lesson from the Bushmeister, that it was important to seek dialogue with the best elements of Islam.
But what are we going to find those?
After visiting a church Benedict Christ off a question about whether he believed Islam was religion of peace, I wouldn't want to label it, he said, certainly there are elements that favor peace.
It also has other elements.
I wonder what he meant by that, like salty and, you know, chloride.
I see.
And maybe magnesium or milk of magnesium.
Think that's what they put in a Pope's tea, the one that they killed.
The Pope spokesman said Sunday that Benedict was placing immense importance on meeting with Muslims in Cologne, Germany, while he's in his homeland next month to lead the Roman Empire to such a great place in Cologne, Germany.
While he was in his homeland next month to lead the Roman Catholic Church's World Youth Day.
Benedict has been less co-locom since July 11th, and in Zudor, why is he in France?
Because that name I read before, Valet, the author, whatever it was, the shirt in the South of Tainem, he's in France until July 20th when he moved to the people summary tree in the Castelgang, Dahlwony, all been hill south of Rome.
During his vacation, he's finishing a book he started three years ago and working at his first, and cyclical.
And he's from Syria surrounded by some lovely altar boys and being protected by the swish guard.
A Pope, you ferry!
The photographer who took stopless photos of an 19-year-old aspiring model named Cameron Diaz, then attempted to sell him back to the Shibigima star, and now he faces up to six years in prison.
How do you like that?
Okay.
John Rudder, who was convicted Monday of forgery, attempted Grand Theft and Purgury, Rudder had testified that he gave Diaz two days to pay him three and a half million dollars.
And he was sentenced to the photos before he shot them to prospective buyers for a campaign, time to go inside with the 2000 laser film Charlie's Angels full throttle.
But he said he was only offering Diaz right at first refusal, not trying to blackmail her.
That's a great idea, that again.
Although I wish that this unfortunate situation hadn't incurred in the first place, I'm very gratified that justice has been served Diaz in the statement.
Diaz's swing credits include Shrek and there's something about Mary, testified that she wasn't ashamed of the shots and had offered a one-point to go in a partnership with Rudder in releasing some images.
She said he turned her down.
She said that Rudder told the buyers were going to use this against you when he would not identify the purported buyers Diaz contacted the authorities.
Superior court judge Michael E. Pastor revoked Rudder's bail, ordered him to jail, while the photographer was a fly wrist, he was sentenced instead for September 15th.
How do you like that?
The door's as in the slide, though, and cancel all the descriptions, and prescriptions, too.
Now, we all knew in the radio business that Peola was over a long time ago, right?
How come nobody ever offers us any grant?
I know, I was just talking about that yesterday.
God, that bugs me.
It's been going on ever since I can remember it since I was a kid, the Eastern's listed WMGM in the York Peter Tripp, the current head of Kid in the third row, WMGM.
And it was all at Peola, Alan Fried, and Alan Fraud, and Dick Clark.
He's still alive, by the way, but barely hanging on, Dick Clark.
Oh, man.
No, be long before we say goodbye to Old Dick.
Commissioner wants SEC Peola investigation.
Armed with a stunning results of the Air Continent General Elliott Spitzer's year-long investigation on the record industry, and so many BMG's admission of improper conduct,
FCC Commissioner John of Adelstonia, as they called on his agency to investigate the Peola on practice, is practiced on cover by Spitzer's office.
We've seen a lot of smoke around Peola for a while, but now we know it's coming from a real fire.
It's time to dump a bucket of cold water on an Adelstein set.
We need an immediate investigation to determine whether these practices violate federal payroll laws.
I've asked Mr. Spitzer to share all the evidence that he's uncovered with the FCC, with the unconscious, the obnoxious, the Dick-Tural FCC.
Adelstein also noted that it's unfair to listeners that they hear songs on the radio because somebody was paid off, not because it's good music.
This isn't the first time Adelston is issued a plea for FCC action on paper plays issues, and may he get expresses as our foreign FCC investigation of potential violations of the agency's product placement rules.
Adelstein added it's a real tribute to Attorney General Elliott Spitzer that is blown the lid off of potentially far-reaching Peola scandal,
and expressed in concern about this for Diadiotic.
And this morning, on the piece they had on CNN, we were watching them remember that?
Yeah. And one of the things that were given out was expensive pairs of sneakers.
And the way that we do it is that they would give one of these sneakers, and it would hold the other one until after the song was played ten times on the station.
Yeah. How do you like that? What do you good to do with one sneaker besides half around the lot?
God. Indiana Businessman gets a big check in here in West Lafayette, Indiana.
Well, Indiana, that'd be a good place for him. There's a lot of homage there anyway in Indiana.
The odors and the yodors and whatever else their name is.
Yoder, and the hot settlers in the odors, that's the other one.
Okay, that's right.
Robert Theodore, because he was seriously believed in that when he opened a piece of mail and thought a $160,000 checktuck inside.
The check for a large sum enough to pay off his house by a card, go on a six month vacation, had everything, his name address, and the company's name, his company's name.
Everything of this except for his legal right to run off to the banking cash.
Once he's champagne green is dissipated, the odoro assume realized that the $160,000 check was in an error by Winnipeg Canada based card you're limited.
It's not every day this happens. I was holding a piece of paper with so much power he said.
The odoro who owns storm from productions in West Lafayette, first off the check had been sent from a client and had misplaced a decimal.
I like enjoy the...
It's for a piece.
It's a...
Every two weeks George wonders how come that decimal is over so...
Stop saying four.
That's bad. It's gonna be live. Sorry.
Oh, whatever. After checking, well, it's just humorous.
And then kind of a sick way. I'm sure you'd agree. Let's think about it.
After checking stormfront's records over a theater or a discovery, his company had never done business with Cargill Limited.
So he called the company's limited-fig headquarters and I was at Goyne.
Cargillized with the check that he voted and returned to the theater or said he put it in the mail.
Thursday the company's giving him a $100 gift certificate to a local restaurant for turning in the giant size check.
100 bucks in my ass.
1,000 minimum when you say.
All right.
Everyone at work wanted to see it and hold it, he said.
If I...
The check. I don't know people like that.
Yeah. If only I could keep the money.
But that kind of stuff comes back to bite you. It's just better to clear everything up and make sure it doesn't happen again.
Yeah. When you let him see it and hold it, sometimes he'll come back and bite you.
He's starting to get the grit of it.
Oh, look at that. There is the theater or said he put it in the mail.
Thursday the company's giving him a $100 gift certificate to a local restaurant for turning in the giant size check.
100 bucks in my ass.
1,000 minimum when you say.
All right.
Everyone at work wanted to see it and hold it, he said.
If I...
The check. I don't know people like that.
Yeah. If only I could keep the money.
But that kind of stuff comes back to bite you.
It's just better to clear everything up and make sure it doesn't happen again.
Yeah. When you let him see it and hold it, sometimes he'll come back and bite you.
He's starting to get the grit of it.
Oh, look at that. There is the...what was that?
Oh, I see. I'm going to see.
I keep thinking that I'm on CNN. I'm on Amazon.
We've seen since nobody watches it. I can't figure out what it is that they're doing.
If anybody ever...
And of course it was really a brilliant programming move in their desperation to get an audience.
Putting that bow tied right when you're lunatic.
What's else's name from Crossfire?
It's Guy Parkfield.
Mother Tucker and his pies Carlson.
Putting him back to back with Joe Scarborough.
They're very untalented from Reformed congressman.
Who's the very ability of...
Who's the very ability of...
And this is not a tumor. It's the ones of two hours.
Jesus Christ, Christian Park, where you hold for the every time.
Jesus Christ, Christian Park, where you can visit me, Jesus Christ.
Whoa, God, I'm back. I know what you hold for the whole time.
Whoa, you hold for the whole time.
That never goes down. Whoa, why they are getting so many of those times.
Jesus, who's it down to the rhythm of your love.
Whoa, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, that's what's inside there.
Jesus, who's making things so profound to you.
What makes Donald Lyon, how do you add a degree?
All of us all, whatever it does, I'll say.
No, but since you're always a star in heaven,
because I know you saw the way in our states.
So long I get into the clouds, we take this away.
I'm tired of getting emotional, I just can't wait.
Whoa, look at this, the great dynamic of the way.
It's a great thing to want to get there, please.
Wait for the fun and fun of the next hour, please.
Whoa, wait until the Lord tells the Lord, give him your choice.
So, as we appoint him, please show him in the down to the battle show.
This part of me will be never with.
Right now, whoa, whoa, please, please, please.
Christian Baw, where you belong for the people you got.
Who are we in this land?
Christian Baw, we're in the ring and ring, ring, ring, ring, rise.
So, you think it's just a coincidence that Prescott Bush was the banker of the Nazis
and then we got a bunch of Nazis including his grandson now running America.
He's a bit difficult, no no, no.
Sure, it's got to be.
Friends, a Lance Archibald is a tall handsome former college basketball player
and graduate of Harvard Biddon School.
He's also still single at 31.
You're fairy.
And so they're hoping to speed things up with a billboard and a website.
On land, let's go out, reads the billboard, on an interstate near Lyndon about 40 miles
south of Salt Lake City.
It kind of came out of discussions we had that Lance is such a good guy, but not married.
You're fairy.
Said Morgan Lynch.
CEO of logo works where Archibald is the director of marketing.
What a great name that is Morgan Lynch.
Someone threw out the idea of getting a billboard.
So why to concern over Archibald's marital status as a member of the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints, whose members typically marry in their early 20s, the 51-year-old
Archibald is approaching the male equivalent of an old maid.
Or just do fairy.
Friends say they're not sure what the Brigham Young University graduate and former Mormon
missionaries looking for, but tease it's taking a little longer than usual for Galadish
credentials.
Team date Lance, the cadre of friends and co-workers behind the scheme, are screening
date applications.
The side-ass interested women have described themselves including age, occupation, personality
and a described their ideal date with Archibald.
So far the web said as we see more than 1500 hits with several women vying for a date.
We're still taking submissions, Bates, said as much as we thought it would be funny,
we're serious about this.
Archibald is taking the attention and stride, although he says he spent a good amount of
time explaining to others what his friends have done.
He says he's not bothered by singlehood.
I'm not overly concerned about marriage.
Jesus, I'm pretty happy right now.
I'd like to get married, but it's not a concern.
You failed.
Probably a smart guy.
It may be a gay.
I'm talking about it.
I'm very important to get married.
I'm very important to get married.
That would be really unusual, too, wouldn't it?
Next thing you're going to be told is that Alan Kees' daughter is a lesbian and that Dick
Cheney's got a bull-like daughter.
Although you're going to spend a lot of these stories again.
Of course, don't forget about Tom Delay.
I mean, all of these, it seems the further to the right, fill a shoe fly.
All these people with their offspring.
For Ebony here, perfectly parted in saucer-like eyes, perpetually staring, the life-size Betty
Booth statue, by the way, we wanted to get that Jesus Land to all our friends from South
Carolina.
Winnipey Grates, he just changed the name of it.
In that way, no, then you could like North Carolina, but just be Carolina.
Nothing can be finer than the case in Carolina.
And South Carolina wouldn't be North or South would just be Jesus Land.
Beautiful.
Anyway, the life-size Betty Booth statue became a local landmark on the city's shore
drive, Virginia Beach, Virginia.
But Sunday morning, a paper in the discover the $1,600 figure of block away from its
home in front of the cool and eclectic furniture and fashion without its head.
Oh, God, I hate that.
Betty Booth with no head.
Six days later, the head remained missing.
Without it, she's nothing since Thuron or Larry Estes, who caught a police report Friday.
Estes collected Booth's body and placed it in the storeroom.
Many began searching up and down, shore-drive.
He's offering a free-store item to anyone who comes for a port with Booth's head.
She's made a lot of people smile, he said, her head.
Uh, while who would do this?
Betty has had runs before two years ago.
Hurricane Isabelle's winds tossed the statue down, shore-drive, severing limbs and crushing
her head from heel to head out of her constructor and now off with her head.
And that's Betty Booth.
Tracking.
I wonder if she's part of that law for Betty Booth, do you think?
Wait till you hear this, another reason to hate cats.
God, do I have despised cats?
Oh, man, there's litter boxes, the whole thing about, there is useless.
There's useless as a sixth tooth.
Cats lack a sweet tooth.
Study says.
I mean, when you compare a dog and a cat, what kind of a jackass has a cat?
I sure hope Josh doesn't have any cats in his house, or at least his parents are in.
No, well, my dad has some cats, but it's not his choice.
I don't like them personally.
What does that mean?
Not his choice, whether they've just invaded the house?
Yes, they're choice.
That's the wife, women like cats, because they have a woman personality, you know.
Torrible.
I see.
Uh, leave a, in other words, I don't want to see more persons.
I don't want to see more persons.
I don't want to see more persons.
Nobody's business about that whole family situation.
It's obviously a Josh's from a somewhat dysfunctional family, and who isn't?
Is that right?
And in Georgia, of course, leave a, leave a, and me, leave a cookie in the room with a dog.
It'll be four crumbs upon your return, but with a cat that you will be safe.
There's longer reason to like, cancel it, eat your ice cream.
That sauce is so good, man, I'm, I'm looking my fingers.
Signed, they've unearthed the reason for the felines uttering difference towards sweet
tasting goodies.
The gene for its sweet taste receptor is riddled with errors and doesn't work.
Oh, how do you like that?
Another reason to hate cats, they're tongue is screwed up.
Well, no, that, that, with genetic engineering, they could make that, that, that happened
in you.
Now, that's why I read the story I was thinking about that.
I wish I had this problem.
Oh, please, pretty please.
The research to be published in the journal Pacific Library of Science Genetics was conducted
by scientists at the Monel Chemical Census Center in Philadelphia and the Walphum Center
for Pent Nutrition in Britain.
Previous studies have shown that cats don't care for sugar.
Oh, please.
Let me just scrape my taste buds right now with a nutty, good at gene splice you with
the cat.
No thanks.
Yeah.
Researchers at the Monel Center offered dozens of domestic cats choices of water, either
plain or flavored with sugar, the cats drank equally for both bottles.
Later studies that a zoo showed the same for lions, leopards, tigers, and jaguars.
If I were a dog or a monster, a human, they'd immediately think of a sweet one, a consumer
in preference over the water said Joseph G. Brand, associate director of the Monel Center
and co-author of this study.
When the mammalian receptor responsible for sweet taste was identified earlier in the decade,
Brandon colleagues decided to investigate what was different about cats receptors.
How about my foot and one of their receptors?
That's good.
So that one.
They extracted DNA from cats and examined the gene for the sweet taste receptor, which
consists of two proteins that sit on the surface of the taste buds cells.
When sugar binds to the receptor, signal a scent of the inside of the cell and ultimately
to the brain.
How about some really strong receptors, you know?
Some sugar receptors.
The team, in fact, I can just see that crew is doing that a zoo cart, but I don't want
to waste my family.
The team found that the gene for one of those regular receptor proteins known as T1R2
is defective and can no longer make it a receptor.
The symptoms that affect the respondent DNA from a lion and a cheetah.
The scientists proposed that the cats extreme carnivorous lifestyle renders the need to
sense sugar irrelevant, allowing mutations to accrue in the sweet taste receptor during
evolution of the cat lineage.
The kinds of things cats are going to be eating, rodents, crickets, spiders, snakes, and birds,
small enough for them to catch.
Our things rich in protein, in fact, no sugar and no carbs.
Sid James Richards spoke to him for the American Association of Feline Practitioners and veterinarian
at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine.
A sweet receptor in Cassie said would be like me having a taste receptor for wood.
Oh, if I got along with that, no, leave it alone.
Richard said that cats saliva and digestive tracks also run suit of the carbohydrates,
containing lower levels of enzymes involved in digesting them.
He said veterinarians were investigating whether the level of carbohydrates that domestic
cats got in their diet was contributing to the surge of rates of cat diabetes and obesity.
So your cat's not supposed to eat all of that crap, okay?
Quit serving all on candy bars to your cats.
All of that is a second thought.
I'll stop.
Yeah.
For a minute, after one at five, sixty, seventy, a few a.m. on a fantastic Tuesday, we're
500 votes on a pool today, which is a piece of cake.
We've got 506 already.
We can get to 600 by four o'clock.
You think?
That our afternoon.
Oh.
You know, for years Armstrong Ford's home state has always treated everybody just like
family.
They want to send off for you right now to join their family.
Ford has just announced their four family plan.
Right now at Armstrong Ford's home state, you can purchase a vehicle that employed discount
prices.
That's correct.
You heard me right now through July 31.
Armstrong Ford's home state gives you the same rate, pricing that every Ford motor
company employing their families yet.
Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive
tires and battery supply program.
What's not the life?
And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you'll also get a color TV free.
So what you'd be waiting for, pick up that phone right now and call this number 305 247
51 12 and ask for David Rich.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and switch, no floating deals.
And this fantastic unbeatable offer is only available at Armstrong Ford's home state,
where they always treat you just like family.
Armstrong Ford, you'll find them at, where is it?
US 1 at Southwest 307 Street, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
I'm getting tongue-tied.
I'm so excited thinking about your friend, Fatboy.
That's US 1 at Southwest 307 Street, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web, Armstrong Carriza.com.
You can give David Rich a call, 305 247 51 12 and ask for a Ford family plan today.
Grab a little and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
And when it comes to Ford, we are the story.
Sport radio, 516, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV
TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TVE TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV
I don't know like that.
Where the hell does it ever stop?
No, it's not America.
No, it's not America.
No, it's not America, baby.
Speaking of New York, New York City was in fear someday as heavily armed police swarmed
a double-decker bus pack with tourist and time square and later shut down Penn State
safton.
I read Pennster and said he had a bomb.
Oh, a bomb.
And it's from the other side of the city's edunistensely-london transit bombings.
Cute.
Compti-electuated buildings.
Shut mid-town streets and forts about 60 terrified tourists to march out the double-decker
bus with their hands up in a heart of Broadway.
That great.
Hands up or shoot?
Compton right here, handcuffed a group of apparently harmless South Asian men, South Asian
looking men with British accents.
After a generic tour bus worker reported they seemed suspicious.
Oh no.
Guess what the bus driver's name is?
I don't know, Neil.
More Hammond style.
And here's a picture of my Hammond right here.
Weeping is growl.
The men were forced to kneel on the sidewalk with their hands bound behind their backs between
50th and 51st streets and formerly Wintergarden theater on a sunny Sunday afternoon with a city
packed with tourists.
People were really scared, schmittness, and Jill Sully 29 of Saskatoon, Canada.
There were sharp shooters with guns pointed toward our bus, eh?
I was scared out of my mind, say another passenger, Amanda Pesanello, 20 of Coventry Rhode
Island.
We don't have things like this going on in Rhode Island, she said.
The dramatic face off on Broadway came just days after the NYPD, rationed it up security
after the July 7th and 21st London transit bombs in the year and began searching bags in
the subway.
Yeah, I love that searching the bags in the subway, they came that good.
And of course they're only doing the random search, so.
Right.
So kind of like, well, Russian roulette, maybe we'll be lucky and find somebody's got a
bomb.
Maybe not.
But if we don't, because let's face it, I mean only a very, very small number of people
have backpacks.
Right.
They're almost ever excited.
Only like 95% of anybody on the age of 100.
Oh, man, it's just one of them things, you know.
Shoot.
Thank God that Push and Blair decided to invade Iraq so we could have a lot of exciting stuff
on the news and a whole lot of dead people.
Five, we can make 600 host bites, you know what you're actually going to really put
a big full-core press on here, but I don't think you got that ball game to worry about.
There's going to be a lot of exert to much energy here, right?
That's a long day.
In the next 36 minutes, he's got the pirates in Amarlinston, I did PP Park down the street
there to excuse me as big as bowling balls and we got humid.
But the Marlins, I think you got a shot now, you know.
All of a sudden, I don't know where.
Just when it looked like they were staggering and swooning because now everybody else in
the region is kind of like swaggering and swooning and they're like, all grouped, all lumped
together in there.
But why does anybody care about baseball?
When we got hockey coming up, the side all those big free agents are going to have an
ass kickin' team, man.
Somebody QA& Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
It's going to have an ice kickin' team.
Pretty good.
Blood test you were talking about is Hemoglobin A1-6.
That is the one, right?
Also like to pronounce it, you know, the course of British cops shot a innocent guy.
It was on page A17 at the sunset melt.
Really?
Not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, the guy they shot was a Brazilian accountant, you know, how dangerous they are.
Right.
They're very sorry about it though.
They're very, they're profusely apologizing.
I think they just said they expressed regret, isn't that?
No.
No, it's funny.
Well, I said he was profusely sorry and it's if that makes a difference.
I feel much better about it now.
Yeah.
Okay.
And I'm sure his family does too and everybody, all his friends and everybody else.
He was a really nice guy.
Everybody said, fine guy.
There's no accountant for what he'd buy to do then.
Oh, that's bad.
But, he's in the looks suspicious.
That's right.
And we have a backpack.
And he's got a backpack.
I'll tell you right now.
That's a good idea.
Just to be on the safe side because you can never be too safe when you're fighting terrorism.
Anybody with a backpack just order crap away.
Okay.
Those of us who are real quick because we don't want to give him time to like, uh, set off the bombs.
Right.
If I have a saw outside of briefcase, that's okay, right?
No.
No, no, no.
No reason.
26th after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
The Emerald Coast is Florida's number one agent where Mabel Faye is rated by Zagad Restaurant
Review.
You asked for it and now you've got it.
Every Friday through Sunday night, lobster fest is back at Emerald Coast by a popular man featuring
main lobster served thermidor style.
And you can still enjoy cramp fest every night with less than snow crab legs, dungeonness
crab and Jonah Stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different
items.
In addition, the Emerald Coast has got your hand card primary and from their flaming grill,
succulent, juicy, delicious, New York steaks, cooked just the way you like them to your
order.
Top off their fantastic pieces of the coast with a dessert of the unbelievable 40-inch chocolate
fun where you can hand it to your own strawberry as marshmallows other decadent treats as
well.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes healthy living.
No crap there.
No MSD, no cornstarch.
They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free, can no oil.
So remember, walk out of there with a thick, just a big puppet.
Look your reservations of one of Emerald Coast relocations there in sunrise, sunny
else beach and tempera primes for the Emerald Coast call 954-572-3822.
When it comes to the entrance to this white cover sea, the biggest person out there is
a giant sea of roachers on the beach in 17th.
Sport radio 560.
QAM.
If you know of food for the cinnamon mix, the medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
I love medicine go down.
You need to exercise, you need to use your ability to do this going away.
I need to be able to use my ability to do it.
My ability to use it going away.
My ability to use it going away.
My ability to use it going away unit.
Now I know that you don't know how to do it.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
Get ready
I'm going to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to
the door to the door of the the simple phrase where Bruce Clarissa asked and Beth
It's a whole thing.
It's a time of days we're hiding down.
It's a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
This is a time of day.
What's going on here?
What's going on here?
What's going on here?
What's going on here?
What's going on here?
What's going on here?
Funny next hill too.
The original Doinman will be along with it without the Adorbionus head.
More Howard David than it too.
The special guest this afternoon, Irvnoran's grandson will set the record straight
on her Weeby 1 in 1954 mercenary, Badding Crown.
Senate about that?
Oh yeah.
Just like that guy.
Who? Who was it?
Which guy?
Kevin Elster.
Yeah.
Kevin Elster.
What a turret.
I looked him up.
What does that mean?
What a turret.
He was a...
I could have hit a little bit.
He wasn't a great hitter, but he was a fantastic fielder.
See short stops.
Generally, the premium is under a fielding as opposed to their hitting.
Right, but that he was bad.
He looked good though.
See?
That's why I remember him.
Anyway, a Jordanian plane suffered a tire punk tear upon landing in an airport in southern
Jordan today.
An Israeli rescue service said revising an early report to plane crash, those as ready
just haven't been the same since a forum time when the Arabs peed in their home in
Tashin.
Yeah, he's been out of control.
A little hysterical over the top.
That's why they peed off at the Pope too now.
This was not a crash.
The plane's tire burst and the ruckus appeared like a crash as spokesman told for Zakat
told Reuters when asked about the incident near Akhaba, and Jordan's border with Israel.
Jordanian officials at the airport said it was a cargo plane and had like a blown tire
and it was in just calm down.
Crazy views you, what they say.
The whole part in Indiana, you know, you think Florida, I think Indiana challenges us for a
crack that goes on.
All the time, thank you for that.
All the one at a different level.
What?
That's a thanks in the other.
Yeah.
Especially like Mr. Walker.
You know that all the Michigan women live in Mr. Walker?
I've got it.
The owner of pet pigs has been convicted of violating the city's nuisance ordinance following
complaints from neighbors about the obnoxious odor of the animals.
Debra fields kept two 300 pound hogs, bacon and mulley, as family pets in her home in the
northwestern Indiana city, Hobart.
Earlier this month during a court trial on the nuisance charge, she argued that under seat
coach, she's allowed to keep pigs in a residential area.
Well, if the fact work and work in our building, the issue before the incident, the
court is not whether they defend it may keep her pigs, but whether the odors generated
are something her neighbor must accept.
City Judge William Longer wrote in a ruling last week, they are not.
Not.
The two pigs equate evidence submitted during the trial to generate as much as 35 pounds
of solid waste and several gallons of liquid waste every day without getting too graphic.
Fields testified there is no odor because she didn't smell it.
Ha, ha, ha, that's right.
People with litter boxes.
I don't smell anything.
Well, I think those stink themselves.
I can't smell it.
And that the odor detected by Hobart code enforcement or officer was attributable to swine
flaccalins.
This is a true story.
In his ruling, the judge said that testimony was not credible.
The order fields to pay a fine of 250 bucks plus court cost for violating the nuisance
ordinance, longer suspended $200 of the final condition and no other violations occurred
to the end of the year.
Heels that could have been fined up to $2,500 to climb comment after last Thursday's
ruling.
How do you like that?
She claims that it was swine flaccalins to cozy Roma.
Ah, as if of course that makes a difference.
No.
This story you're going to love.
Bible singers versus breast implants.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh yeah, out of one report.
Hours before a 22 year old personal banker won a free set of breast implants, elderly
church goers in Pentect and British Columbia.
Did their vets have changed the minds of 36 contestants in the controversial competition?
Nildred Wakefield and her holding this Bible movement supporter sang out to Jesus, beat
a drum and danced on the sidewalk across the mellum at nightclub.
If you could see a picture of Nildred Wakefield, she looks like Methusel's grandma.
She looks like Guild McDuel's breakout grandma that most going to have on Friday.
Wow.
And her friend, Pentee's the door, performing songs of the church outside Pentect and
the nightclub.
The members of the Bible hold this movement protesting against the club that will be
giving away the minimum of three grand for breast implants.
You got to see these two.
One of them is playing on a courtian and the other is Gallic.
I thought you were talking about the implants.
No, man.
You ought to see this pair.
We need to show these young girls there's something better out there for them.
They don't need to be exploiting their sexuality, Wafield.
They said, why don't they come sing with us?
She made her point as club manager Florio Vassalacacus, a beggar pardon.
Florio Vassalacacus stared on from the other side of the street waiting for Gessestrater
by having to take in the six-stream makeover competition and a event that raised the
air, not just of Wakefield, but women's groups and the BC College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Vassalacacus wasn't worried about the small but eye-catching and a lot of group of about
15 protesters.
They don't realize they're doing exactly opposite from what they want to achieve.
They just give me more publicity.
None the less they showed on between Wakefield, her band and the contestant was prevented by
the gospel singers early bedtime.
They packed it in long before the club got champion around midnight Saturday.
There's about a hundred people taking the competition.
Wow.
Tiffany Freason said they had their rights to believe whatever they want, but it's my
bottom going to do whatever I want.
She was sipping gulfs of champagne, celebratory gulfs inside the club.
Freason danced on light and spun off against 35 other women for a brand new pair of breasts.
Names of the contestants, most of whom were 19 or in their early 20s, were taped to a prize
wheel for a chance of $3,000 price.
Now that's better.
Let's get the old QAM.
They spin the wheel again.
For a new pair of boobies, what do you say?
Let's do it.
Wow.
Names of all can say that one by one, they filed up on stage of mini-squirts and tag
dresses to spin the wheel, eliminating the girl whose name landed on it.
Freason shrieked in disbelief when she was the last woman standing.
Other contestants, many from Edmonton, Calgary and the USA, sought suit in their disappointment
at the bar.
They lost a chance of getting self-confidence, many of whom said, men at the club were
astounded at the competition.
They're also beautiful.
Every single one of the contestants is really good looking.
I don't get it since Steve Jones, 32, was sitting from Calgary.
Natural is so much better.
I want to tell all these girls, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Just do it.
They do it.
I love how they do it.
I love how they do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
They do it.
Their head is painted.
Their eyes is painted.
Their eyes are blackened.
I'm going to be a jackpot, I'm going to be a jackpot
You have to have a fight alone, you have to fight alone, you have to have a fight alone
You have to have a fight alone, you have to fight alone
If you're not good to have a fight alone
Maybe it's faster than you would have had a fight
But if you're not good to have a fight
It's better to be proud
And for now
That's the end of being proud
And for now
That's the end of being proud
And for now
We got a shot
It's tough when it's single, we got 32 votes to get to 600
You never thought we could do that, did you, guys?
See, you have little faith and if you were to put your nose to the grindstone
Instead of worrying about that Marlon ball game
Well, we could have got what?
670
No, 6-8
Why not? We still got a shot
Well, okay, let's stay out until we get 800 votes on the pool
Yeah, you stay out mid-night
We got 12 minutes and we need 32
What do you got on yours?
I got 568
Not that it's important or anything like that
But I mean, this should be a 569
Look at that, they're tripping in one by each
So let's just see if this audience can come through
Okay, the worst place you've ever driven a car
Dave County, I mean Dave's got it locked up
But just click on something there
Okay, let's see if we can do it
But make us feel like we really accomplish a thing, wouldn't it?
No
The Church of England yesterday thought itself
And he potentially embarrassing position of telling its clergy that if they entered civil partnerships
Under new government legislation they would have to place your main
Sullivan
Oh God, no
Ordinance and vickers who apply to register their relationships with same-sex partners can expect to be called to explain themselves
A house of bishops statement said
Partnerships will be widely seen as being predominantly between gay and lesbian people
In sexually active relationships
Members of the clergy and candidates who decide when or under partnerships must expect to be asked for assurances that the relationship will be consistent with teaching
It is understood that several bishops have already said privately they have no intention of asking their clergy about whether their relationships are sexual or not even the ones with the altar boys
Looking distinctly uncomfortable announcing the policy of the right Reverend Graham James, Bishop of Norwich insisted
There's not any intention to pride the lives of clergy if they prefer to be faithful to the teaching of the Church you take what they say to be the truth
And you keep your nose out of their robes
The statement which the bishop claimed not a month of a change of policy has been forced on the Church by the Civil Partnerships Act which comes into force in December and will enable same-sex partners to register their relationships
This causes the feudalities for a Church already driven by the Communion's splitting controversy over gay clergy
Conservatives especially in Africa and the U.S.
already detected clear case of the Church of England over the issue the statement says
Now how subbishops does not regard entering in the civil partnership as intrinsically incompatible with Holy orders
Provided the person concerned is willing to give assurances to his or her bishop that the relationship is consistent with the standards for the clergy in other words no touchy feeling
Okay, not even any a-j feeling
Public basement of the statement appears to indicate that the Church does share the assumption that civil partnerships are likely to be sexual
Its current teaching is that while lay people may have gay partners lay may be gay clergy cannot claim the liberty to win or an sexually active homophile relationships
You uh-
You're scary!
But if the clergy cannot adhere to Church teachings the question arises wasn't they ought to be in Holy orders
It is not clear what would happen if a vicar did not tell the bishop about a civil partnership
The bishop the Lord Pank
He gloed Pank
When asked what would constitute a sexual active relationship or whether just kissing would qualify he said it depended on the circumcises
The Reverend Richard Perker general circuitry of the lesbian and gay Christian movement said
This statement is perfectly consistent with the Church of England's policy of double dealing duplicity in disregard for decency
It be traced content once more for lesbian and gay relationships and should be rejected as unloving, unpactual, unworkable in another charter for lies
That's what religions do the best of course they lie like crazy
Why do you need them to endorse you to uh-
To feel like you're having a relationship?
It's okay to touch this and okay to sniff that and okay to stick over it
But uh-
Well cause they got a lot of experience doing it
What a tremendous court
We have the ups and downs
We will fight for the same thing
Even love CEO Rogers
Hello glorious I see you at temperature rising
Fire fire, it burning the southern stripes
Oh, now, now, now, now
They want a brand new amendment
So make it illegal
If you're planning nights
Now come what you make of speeches
Come and try the features
That ain't no freedom of speech to burn a flag
Lord ever since the burn in the plant for today
Hmm, you have been with all our problems
The cow was with crowds of them
The sail of gas and bomb
With burning flags
Burning flags
Come on, a bunch of burning flags
We're just going to give that running a US now
It's not into burning flags
But they are into burning flags so at least there's something there
We only need four more votes for six hundred
I think we can do it, we got three minutes for four votes
I mean, we can do that
Alright, easy
Even we could reboot and reboot
Five ninety eight, we only need a small pair
Okay, why are you doing that?
And of course, people don't lie to their kids
There's no question about that
More than a hundred Santa Claus is in their little helpers
Danced below the whole hose
Or maybe they even ate whole hose
And raced up a rapidly melting hill made of snow money
At the annual World Santa Claus Congress in Copenhagen
Isn't that cute?
Lovely
Despite a sprinkle of rain and trees in full Nordic summer bloom
The pop on the well, St. Nixon's Cedar classes
From tent cafes where in a Ural Thai spirit
Is equipped off a three day commission in Denmark
Including a Santa parade
And a chimney climbing competition
For the strains of Rudolph the Red Noes rained
Dearly bearded sand is dressed in red and white
Gathered in a Northern Copenhagen amusement park
As dozens of children's watch, children watch an astonishment
I didn't know there were that many Santa's said
Succeeding in work fist and eight year old Swedish hero
While all Santa's profess to be the real thing
One delegate from Mirasville Washington can make a pretty good case
He legally changed his name to Santa Claus because he said
He hated to lie to the children
And that gave him a lot of trouble
I'm going to change my name to God as a...
Because I hate to lie to the children
Hey, all your kids out there that are off for the summertime
Your parents, they may be good people, maybe not in some cases
But nevertheless, either way they lie to you like crazy
With a tooth fairy in the Santa Claus and God and Jesus
And Abraham and Moses and the Hine Manouche all of this crap
Okay, let's see if we did it
605, no sweat
Where's the worst place you've ever driven?
Dave County 307, wins hands down your steering wheel, man
New York 66, Boston 64, for our 37
See, Browitz not good but compared to date it's like paradise
LA 37, Washington DC 20
Jamaica 13 is a good machine line in Jamaica even if he's driving on the wrong side of the road
Still a good machine
Tampa 12, Chicago 12, Rome 12
Don't drive there, if you want to stay alive go to Rome and don't drive
London 7, Paris 6, 5
Never driven in my life for, probably like little punks when you think
Right, never drove outside of South Florida for
Las Vegas for Amsterdam 1 and Moscow
Which went on by popular demand there at the end has got the big...
Oh, speaking of the big...
Oh, rock solid
Rating is tomorrow, man, lot of pressure on you
I'm putting them, I'm passing the torch to you, counting on you for some of the big...
I'm going to go right there tomorrow
And speaking of a number, he's coming up now
Right, right, right
What he comes to, who's going to go right now?
Go right, right, right, right, right
We, if you got the torch, go, go, go, go
What's going on, you're going to go right now?
What's going on, you're going to go right now?
It's not like a top show host holding a big black dough dough
You're fair!
