Neil? Yes, Hank. How are you? I'm doing great. 90 high rises going up in Las Vegas.
Yeah, in the next three years. Well, I'll be damned. Who's going to live in the hurricanes
in Vegas or the big school maybe going down? Yeah. Well, how terrible. Yeah, you've
been to New Orleans and to imagine that team or that team, that city. See, there you go
with that sportsman. Yeah, right. You got to get deprogrammed. Can you imagine being
there without the storm? Yeah, but this is really a horrible thing. Yeah, it sure is.
Better than us though. Yeah. That's what I was thinking when you guys had the
a first hit from Katrina better than me. What do you mean you guys? You guys. Not me.
You weren't there either. No. Well, we're smart. We stay in a lot of there. Just one more
good reason to stay as far away from there as possible. We're going to get like the
ass end of it tomorrow night and then Wednesday. It's in a little bit of rain. Not not much.
We had to be getting out of these. The forecast is down there. All of you people ought to be in jail.
OK, you're so full of crap. I can't believe it because I'm on the year last Thursday and I'm
reading the advisories and then I'm getting I'm getting led down to garden path by what they're
saying on CNN and the local channels and everybody else and they're full of crap. You know,
why can't they just say we don't know? Yeah, I don't know. If you go anywhere from like
zero to the keys and everybody, you know, do whatever you have to do. But when you're dealing with
a hurricane and of course the politicians are like the boys who cried wolf because they've
all in the past. They've screamed and hoarded and tried to whip her. We up and we were friends.
He's so many times for nothing when it was obvious the storm was already, you know, past date and
broard that they have no credibility. Nobody, nobody pays any attention to them. Nobody got caught
with their pants down. The craziest people in television are those hurricane reporters. Yeah,
those guys are nuts. Not to mention anybody specific, but nevertheless. Oh, I mentioned, I know
one who wasn't there to cover it. You're fair, but nevertheless. I'm talking about the guys on
the weather channel and what's that got about all these guys the same thing this weekend. In fact,
one of the local channels here this morning, they were showing a like a compendium of clips
of all these different weather jerks getting blown away in the storm. Exactly. I saw the same thing.
I wanted to break what the hell is that stupidity instead of having them inside and dry,
where they can like give you an intelligent report. They're like, oh, I'm hanging on for dear life.
Yeah, it's just it's a story becomes about them. Of course, it's just stupid. Yeah, stupid news
for stupid people. That's why it's America. I'll tell you what made my list of racetracks, which I'm
sure you forgot about. I did not. Didn't you? No. How many you got? Well, not as many as you.
But how many you got? I have one that neither one of us have been to. Yeah. Yes. Leslie Visser,
who listens to you. Really? Yes. And what? What? What? What? What? Leslie called me after our
conversation about that. And she said, I've got a track that neither one of you have been to that.
I've been to. Yeah. And she gave me Riddoso Downs in Mexico. No. No. I've been there.
But yes. Is that quarter horses? Yeah. If you got two bucks, that's what you get back. Quarter.
But anyway, she mentioned the track that I don't think you've been to either. I know I haven't been.
Yeah. A Vangeline Downs. I've heard of it that Indiana? No. Well, Louisiana.
Well, close. But. Oh, is it still there? Yeah. That's a good question. Oh, and speaking of that, you
know, Baloxie, my friends at Pompo, no park, they own the casinos in Baloxie. Wow. And they said
that one of the casinos had water all the way up to the second floor. So you can imagine what a
mess that is. Yeah. I don't know. Well, those are boats. I don't know. But no, no. In Baloxie? Yes.
No, they're not. Yeah. I haven't been there. But I asked somebody about it. Regular casinos there.
Yeah. I saw one of it. It's a riverboat that just passed to a hotel just like they have in
Well, I'll be damned. Well, they can just like pull the cart out to see. But apparently,
you're gonna tell me how many tracks are on your list or you're just avoiding me? This account. This
counts Europe, right? Anywhere. I've been to about 18. 34. I knew you were going to beat me. I heard
you the day the last Thursday, three weeks ago. You want my list real quick? 34. Do we have time?
Yeah. You know me motor mouth. I can spit them out real fast. Right. Would bind.
Garden City and St. Catherine's no longer there. Garden State, New Jersey, no longer there. Forty
reefing relates. We're in Downs, Roosevelt, Yonkers, Metallands, Liberty Bell, the Meadows,
Vittavia Downs. Sportsman's Park, Washington Park, Pompano Park, Buffalo Raceway,
Gulf Stream, Hylia, Golden Bear, and the Sacramento, which now they call something else. Hollywood Park,
Hazel Park, Calder, Wolverine, Northfield, Jackson, Raceway Park, and Toledo, Northfield,
Suffolk Downs. Ever Suffolk Downs in Boston? Yeah, I've been there. Rockingham Park, Axar
Bend, and Omaha, Seminole Downs in Orlando where they had flies as big as watermelons,
Windsor, Newark, Ancesth, Park, and Lincoln Downs. I've been in there, Ancesth. What
was there a second track in Boston besides Suffolk? I don't think so. There's one there to close
down years ago. They used to have harness racing at Suffolk Downs. That's why I've been there
for three or four breads too. But boy, they had pretty good harness racing. It was a mile track. Yeah.
80 Cobb, Alex Winger. Now what do you got your list? I didn't bring my list. It was 18 though. No,
but I've been there. So I guess most of these tracks, harness tracks. What happened to Tyler
Bayes by the way? Got injured yesterday. He couldn't win a fixed race lately. What's the story
with him? He won the stakes on Sunday. Well, that's the first race he's won in weeks. Yeah, he had
he's had an horrible meet. He had eight wins for the meet out there. Yeah. Got injured in the first
race yesterday and taken off his mounts. I don't know what happens. I gave out a nice $25
dollar horse on this show from there. Didn't call me to tell me about it. Oh, yeah,
to do is turn on a television. There I was from where? From Del Mar. From Del Mar, the Pacific
classic. That's in their San Diego, right? It's in San Diego. Yes. Well, there you go. Never been
there. Oh, that's a beautiful place. Well, I have to get out there. Yep. You would like that place.
I've been more than I like Woodbine. Well, Woodbines. I don't know. I've been the Woodbine.
And the breeder's cup there. Pretty nice. It's all right. So I'll tell you the place that I was at.
I'll tell you the place I was at. It's my newest in this Arlington. Oh, you know, something? No,
I haven't been to Arlington. I take it back. I have not been there. It is. It is great. And you know,
I've been talking about the new Arlington. Yeah, I'm sure you were to the old one too. I was.
Well, that counts for two. It's two different tracks. But the new Arlington people go out there. I mean,
they get young people there. They do a lot of stuff to promote. They do this problem.
In Chicago, with tracks burning down, Washington Park was the old harness track and an
ethnic well. There were a lot of stories about how we were going to happen to burn them. Right.
Most Chicago is interesting. A lot of guys with their nose out of joint there. That's what
Sam's you and Connissette. Yeah. He has nose out of joint when he found out that JFK was sleeping with
his ex girlfriend. But there's something to be said for that, I think. When the boys are running
the city, it runs properly. That is true. I like that. And that's what Gay Edgar Hoover said too.
You like going to the track out of the world when they used to fix the racist. Hey, Chicago was a
great city. Did you ever read it? It is. Did you ever read about that about how when he used to go
to the tracks, they Edgar Hoover. This is a true story that they would guarantee his bed. In other
words, they would give him the horse. And they were fixing the race form. But if it didn't work out,
which you know, anything can happen. I like that. He would get his money back. Yeah. Why can't we
get in the like that? In other words, when I go into wood, I don't have a machine. We'll lose for
me. And if it doesn't pay out, and when I leave every day, say, Oh, here you go, Mr. Rogers. Here's
a check for three grand or two grand for one. Yeah, but Neil, then it wouldn't be gambling. Who cares?
I'll take it. It's kind of like working at QAN. That's a gamble every time.
Yes. So 34 to 18. I got you a beat. Well, that's good. I'm proud of myself. Very good.
Live those are harness tracks, though, right? Yeah. That's what I was saying. North field. Well,
you've been in North field. I feel like this story was incredible. Yep. Talk about a deep
that's what everyone Pope said. There you guys was on the bus with him. Riding out to the game
the next day and he said, that snowstorm was horrible last night. What'd you do? I said, I went to
Northfield for the throtters. He said, you are. He said, I thought Clure Moser was the sickest guy.
I know, but you just beat him. I got a better one. No, I once drove from Detroit with a couple of
friends to Cleveland for a race. We got a tip from a jockey. This guy's a girlfriend was friends with
the jockey at the RC. We drove to Northfield Park in Cleveland to bet on a horse called Mr. Z.
He came in fifth named after Joseph Gackie. Yeah. And also Joseph Gackie. Joseph Gackie. Stop.
At any rate. And we also drove to from one time from Detroit to Betavia. You know where Betavia's
is. Yes. Between Rochester and Buffalo. Yep. To watch speedy Scott race at Betavia Downs and he
broke at the start at one to nine and finished last by 100 lines. I mean, you know, even the great
horses have a mishap and the crowd was bullied. You drove him. You're straight to the Betavia. That
is correct. That's sick for a race. Well, they're here. Come try to outdo you on the degeneracy.
See, I got you beat. You just did. Yeah. And he broke at the start. That's a nice one.
Time drove from Detroit to Betavia to see Cartigan Bay with Stanley Dancer driving. You
have parked the whole mile and finished fourth. Good time, boy driven by Onre Fillion. One to race.
Now, do you know how many years ago that is 32 years? And I still remember. It's something
wrong there. I keep saying my whole life. My brain is filled up with crap that I'm
trying to keep you just get the program. You know how they do like a high colonic. You know,
they kind of like flush out your insides. Yeah. If they could do the same thing with your brain.
They're going to be great. That is the best. Oh, God. You made my day. Okay. No extra charge.
Okay. Welcome back. There is it the other way around. Well, I'm we're both back in the day.
This week we have a pristine schedule. Oh, and just remember, it's not important that we succeed,
but that the other guys fail and boy, did they do a good job of that in the trend? They've
vanished off the face of the map. All the ink that those guys are getting over there.
You can put all the phony below any one on the year. Dan, you'll have bastard, but the fact
that it matters is you guys don't even show anymore. They're not even on the top 25. They don't exist.
Nothing hurts a bad product worse than a lot of good advertising. Is that what it is? That's what it
is. Remember peels product. Remember peels beer. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Nothing
hurts a bad product more than good advertising. They had a bad brew and they had a
Burton Harry peel and Bob and Ray. And they were great commercials except for one thing.
People who lost a beer and they were spitting it out. Kind of like stroze.
And he tried to renew the stroze. Yes. He used to do the nickname for was Tiger. I can't say the
word Tiger P. I gotta be careful. Stroze is horrible. They'd be careful now. I'm being careful.
Tread very lightly now. You have a nice day. It's time for me to go.
Okay, see ya. See ya. Hi. Here Jennings. What a life. Oh, I mean tremendous. It's got to call
Borsilla Georgia. Hello. Hi there. Hi. First of all, Larry, I want to thank you for
channeling Mr. Jennings from beyond the great force. Okay. Peter, how are things in hell?
Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So I guess now you're
really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories with the Turgian.
Oh, California for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hey, Peter. Do you know any Dutch or lesbian joke?
No, man. If I did, I wouldn't say so. All the women's city canzes. Hello. Yeah. Peter,
are the rumors true? Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie?
I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country
are going to ask today. Some are said Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi,
woman. Mr. Jennings, is there a lean beyond music in hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on
and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after end. Oh, my. I think that would make my
ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. One more call we have on it left. Downers grow, Villanoi. Hello.
Mr. Jennings, what would you like for Christmas? Uh, Southern Hussein. Oh, so Saddam's on your wish list.
Yes. As as George Bush, George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah. Thank you as always.
Thanks. Really nice to see you. That is beautiful. You know what? Every now and then we're
at least expected something good. 10 past 10 at 5.60 WQ AM. Happy Tuesday August 30th.
Good man. And if you don't have any power, you probably listen on a battery operating. Or you're
not listening at all. Or you're listening on somebody else's internet. But whatever it is,
Russian hand cranky. Oh, sorry about that. Again, uh, I just can't believe how bad the so-called
experts blew it last Thursday and Friday. It is there. They were coolest instead of like saying,
and didn't I say which I'm not saying that I know anything, but then I say that this thing could
go anywhere. You said I got something to that thing by that Chad Stewart Clyde, whatever his name
is on CNN about. Well, Boka, I know he had the direct line and it did take that north-western
jog just ever so momentarily. And so it looked like at that point, it might hit Boka. And then
they were saying like a couple hours later, well, between four Lauderdale and Pompato Beach.
Well, guess what? Didn't go anywhere near Pompato Beach. The eye went right over George's house.
I don't know about that, but what? I mean, I live in Pompato Beach. You live here? Oh, and that's
right. You keep, I've never seen a guy that keeps moving around so much. They're like, I hit out
on you or something. What's the story? You're the bad guy. Box car really. That's right. You're
just like your predecessor there. The one who used to sleep under the overpass. Yeah. Yeah. Can we
find somebody that's got like a permanent address to work this job? Jesus. Every time you turn
around, I'm moving this week. You're at the La Poc. You roommate move on or what? Lisa's
there only a year, buddy. You know, I've been a year. I'm on the move. You've been on this show for a
year? I'm gonna show over a year. Yeah. Really? Yes. You did. Oh my god. Time is just flying. In fact,
time flying on this great summer schedule. That's what really has got me. I just aghast. Can we
still say a few? Holy cow. Yeah, just fugit. Man, this schedule this week and next week and
then it's back. And I keep thinking about myself five days a week. Oh, I have to be smitten me, man.
You got the pure of my legs. Wow. This whole, I mean, this is just, this is fine. Let's just
keep it going this way. This is working out while the trend came out. We don't discuss trends anymore.
Except the fact that we didn't do the two great. And no, speak of English in the trend in July.
No, speaking of the, the Julio stations went through the roof. And that's because anybody who speaks
English gets out of town in July and the only people available to send into diaries are, you know,
Julio is old Julio's who are listening to a radio mumblee. And the other, see, it's not important
that we succeed, but that Waxi fails and they sure are doing a great job of that. Nice going,
boys. They fell off the, off the face of the earth, off the face of the globe. For all the ink
that they're getting, man, I don't care when we do the break. We got no spots today. Anyway, so I'll just
stop. What piece of copy that I just, I got to relax. Everything is under control, man. Everything on
this end is under the sun. The sun is showing. Beautiful. South Florida consumers still
recovering from the most recent wave of gasoline price increases could face even higher prices.
Perhaps as much as 30 cents of gallon in the aftermath of Katrina, the storm shut down oil production
of the Gulf. Well, say I've got conflicting reports on this, depending on who you listen to, is what
excuses going to be. How much damage was done? Tour through the heart of the US over finding industry,
closing plants that supply most of the gas. These are all other fuels used in the tri-county area.
They'd brown in Palm Beach. South Florida, which gets about three quarters of its gas from the
Gulf refineries should be seeing higher pump prices as soon as new deliveries of gas arrive.
Say Jim Smith, President of the Florida Petroleum Marketing and Convenience Store Association,
which has about 56. In other words, thank you, Mr. President for those low gas prices. And they're
going to be too sure with that. The two words you need to keep in mind, global warming. Oh,
there you go again. Yeah, there I go again. The brambasolati, right? Global freaking warming. Those
three words. I can't believe I've been to more tracks by almost double what Hank's been to.
So I'm a much bigger degenerate than Hill Everbe. He's working on it though. 14 after 10 at 5,
60 WQM was your people. Our ice holes.
It's your flow, don't you get sick?
I've got a whole list out that I can do to speak.
Thinking of a big roll of this bad.
You don't need by the trail, get your tail where it's at.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, I did well hey Hkaye you know I was cit the
the storm hit which was seven o'clock on Friday.
Was it Friday?
Thirty-nine.
Yeah.
Seven o'clock on Thursday.
We heard the southeast Florida coast right there in Hollywood between Hollywood and like
North Miami Beach.
Hellendale, there were sand.
But in any way, there were still sand and I remember reading the advisories on here,
we're saying week category one.
And then muttles me that there were some of these so-called local experts, some of the
weather ferries, who were saying, oh, it might not even be a hurricane.
It might just go back to being a tropical storm or less than 75 miles an hour when it
comes on, sure.
Well, guess what?
Yeah.
Bad guess.
You know, I realized that it's imprecise forecasting the weather.
That's the understanding of the century.
But I mean, it was so bad and so far off.
And you'll notice that even- and they were also saying that when it was going to go
out to the ass end side of Florida on a west coast, and then it was going to go out of the
Gulf and become a category two or three hurricane.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Did it become a category two or three hurricane?
No.
It became a category five hurricane.
And then even as it was like approaching Nalines at the very last minute there, it took
that little jog to the east, luckily for them.
I mean, they got horrendous damage and just devastating catastrophic damage in the roof
of the super dome.
Just about got peeled right off and big chunks of it got ripped open.
But can you imagine if that would like to continue where it was going?
Wow.
And so instead you get Baloxy and Mobile all those places that got the hammered.
Hammered, I said.
Okay.
So we category one my ass.
And like I said, it's just- why- you know, they-
They can't find a happy medium.
They either over, they get it to- everybody hysterical at the point of like jumping out
of windows or it's like, oh, this is going to be much to do about nothing.
But I mean, they had me convinced that it was like a little overkill, you know, like just
a little bit of wind and whatever.
And then it took that left turn very similar to Andrew in that respect.
Right.
Remember how we saw Andrew sitting right off there at east of the Dave Broward line kind
of now?
The last minute it took that left turn and just smashed through homestead and color
bridge and p-ride on top day in the keys.
Here's George's poll from yesterday.
What's the worst thing about- and we apologize by the way for all the off-the-year time but
then again, FP-nL and they are what they are, you know, they suck just the way it is.
I was getting reports that as of 3 o'clock Friday afternoon, which is a Thursday afternoon
long before the thing- and I'm over while it's where they say, at 8 o'clock till 3 in the
morning it was going to come on shore, right?
Right.
Well, guess what?
I'm not getting that.
But by 3 in the afternoon, people already were losing their power.
Now, how is that possible when there wasn't any storm yet?
I mean, you know, there was some rain in some of the outer bands and the boys in the band
but other than that, they weren't much of anything, right?
Right.
So, why was the power going out?
I don't know.
Yeah.
But nevertheless, like I said, seven weeks from Shivuas, you'll have it back on.
I don't know where those FP-nL announcements are that they're always putting on the
year and situations like this where they say, FP-nL apologizes for the fact that you're
sitting here in the dark with your battery operated radio.
And you know, give me some kind of idea of what's going to go on.
No, I don't see that.
It's really good.
What's the worst thing about living in Florida with George had 912 votes.
Pretty good.
From a lot of dissatisfied people.
And, you know, what?
I voted for the winning category, the people, three out of two, not even a contest, the
people.
All of them, a lot of them.
The people, the governor, that's the fat ass governor to you, 171, the jebster, little brother,
the heat 143.
I was at the basketball team where the weather take a choice.
Or maybe it's the traffic, 116.
By the way, George Curtis just moved again for the 18th time this month.
I just, I can't keep track of that whole deal.
Now you're moving because you're moving up in a world or you're moving, you know, I mean,
I live, I actually live in the same complex.
I just moved in with my brother.
You moved in with your brother?
Yeah.
Well, that's not good.
I saw a movie last night, the Morrison tapes.
Yeah, I'm sure it's not like the movie.
Well, the Morrison, the Morrison murders was the name of about two brothers and one of
them killed the rest of the family.
I just mentioned that.
Not good living with your brother.
The storms 102, the mosquitoes 29, I was your girlfriend, also living in there, you got
like a three way going.
Yeah.
No, he's smart.
Yeah, definitely not.
Oh, traffic 116, storms 102, the mosquitoes 29 is big as a cum quats, the utility companies,
you could mean like FB and L and the other ones could you 23, the school's 20.
And by the way, clearance, you can take, you can take that electric socket and then just
plug it in right inside your itty it you quizzling.
Just get out of Georgia's face already and stop trying to play bushplots with George.
You know, that's how you only comes in there when you're on, giving you instructions.
Well, don't throw the ass and don't talk about screw you with clearance, you idiot, you
quizzling.
You ferry.
The school's 20, the restaurants five, well, we got a lot of good restaurants in South
Florida.
Not as many as we used to have.
Oh, so many good ones.
And the store is one.
The store is, what does that mean?
The store is, well, you know, it's short.
It's short of late.
No, no, okay.
Well, there's only one vote.
So there is your thing.
Now getting back to El Presidente, thanks for those low, oh, look who they got on
there now speaking of hysteria.
Have you thought of the water?
The water continues to rise at the current rate of an inch every five minutes.
We have been on emergency backup generator power since about two lane university,
Houston.
Who a clock in the morning yesterday about you.
I have a key to get sand.
And at the current rate of water.
Exactly.
We will lose the emergency backup generator power at last.
Oh, and there's Mrs. Elimbaugh.
You see, no matter where you turn, you can't win.
Yeah, we're just surrounded by fascists now.
Although she's supposedly a liberal, but I guarantee you have a rub off.
Is time magazine's got an article in the issue that comes out today is global warming fuel
in Katrina.
I'm not going to read it because it's kind of like wishy washy and but a bit of a boop
and maybe this, but it says warm ocean temperatures are a key ingredient for monster hurricanes prompting
some scientists to believe that global warming is exacerbating.
Can we say that?
No.
Exacerbating are strong troubles.
One especially sobering study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but what
do they know, found that hurricane wind speeds have increased about 50% in the past 50
years.
And since warm oceans are such a critical ingredient in hurricane formation, anything
that gets the water warming more could get the storms growing worse.
Global warming in theory at least would be more than sufficient to do that.
While the people in New Orleans may not see another hurricane for years, the next one
they do see could make even Katrina look mild by comparison.
In other words, more like maybe a tsunami, mommy.
See that?
Global warming.
Just those two words, they were actually talking about that the other day and I thought,
gee, they're going to pull the plug on whatever channel that was.
Although probably a Canadian on the channel.
Because if it was in the USA, they'd like, you'd see the word police come in here, the
truth police come in there in the storm for British, drag them out.
Never had they were like, drag and howard be a lot of the studio that time.
Yeah.
We kind of are similar to that.
At least 55 day.
Well, that's what it says in this story.
Well, that's in Mississippi.
I think 64, but they, you know, it's going to be a lot more than that because they haven't
been able to get in where these houses have collapsed and other buildings.
It's going to be that that toll is going to be in the hundreds.
Am I right?
Yep.
What do we have seven in South Florida?
And let me say it again, all you weather ferries out there, you blew it big time.
Man, you had, you were just, you weren't even close as far as where the eye was coming
on the shore as far as how severe was going to be as how much the damage, not even close.
So why not just come on and say, we don't know, just go and get your apply wooden,
viscene and water and batteries and act crazy, do whatever you need to do, but do something.
At any rate, more than 55 people that had missed a sippy, even with Katrina swirling
way to the north, two different levy breaches.
New Orleans Senate churning sea of water, coursing through city streets and just heard that
woman was from a tooling hospital.
The hospital is a state open on generator power, but they may not be able to do that because
the water is still rising.
And of course, New Orleans is already five feet under sea level to begin with before
this.
But so what can you say other than it's horrendous and grotesque and catastrophic, but
it's better than us and that what we always say, not that we feel, don't feel bad, right?
Right.
We just, not as bad as we do for anyone.
And of course, one more reason never to go there anyway.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516.
Oh, tonight on Brent Camp don't miss a special guest appearance from Philadelphia Eagles
vice receiver, Terrell Owens.
The motions are running high as the third and most intended stay of solo begins.
You better need to tell me a shout out and I just told him I'm a grown man and I told
you the same.
I told him a shout out.
You don't have to tell me I don't tell you.
For all three goals to be able to be real with you are and look at the possibility of
change.
I had to do this not going to change.
For you, just wanting to have this conversation with me is a step into step forward.
You've been through the trauma and issues that you've been through here.
Yes, a bunch of lives.
Very incorrect.
You know, I'm not one of his kids.
Creating the morning sunshine, he stretched your wings and show your colors and patterns
through your real, you will be known as pink and bright.
I just want to play football.
That's Terrell Owens, tonight on Brett Camp.
Sage Walker will never be the same again.
No, there you have it.
So everybody knows the real story.
So how about those dolphins?
Oh, what an exhibition game against the little girls team against Josh's Tampa Bay
Buck and ears.
Exhibition game only points on.
That's correct, meaningless.
Do you go to the game?
No, I did not.
Well, why not?
I don't know how those tickets coming.
How are those tickets coming?
Where's Ray Perry with my dolphin tickets?
Huh?
I'll go talk to him.
I'm not sure if you shouldn't have had those by now already.
I would have thought, yes, since a priest day have one more preceding game.
Well, doesn't that package include all the preseason games as well?
Yeah, it does.
So what else is story, Ray Perry?
Hi, you're quizzling.
You're ferry.
That place is just coming on glue.
I don't understand what that piece of copy I want George.
I want you to take a look at that thing that you just sent me that I just attempted
to do for ruse.
Yeah, I got it here.
That could be the all-time worst piece of garbage.
I mean, just the misspellings in the grammar and the periods where they don't belong and
the ones lacking where they do belong.
And I just, I apologize to our friends at Armstrong, Toyota, and Armstrong, Ford of
Homestead, for fat boy being such a lumbic.
Maybe his puppet was getting in the way of the word process, or I don't know.
But it just kind of seems like the whole operation has come an unglued.
But nevertheless, Page Exo's showing up.
218 votes on our poll today.
What's the best movie of 2004 and 2005?
Not a lot of good ones.
I'll tell you that.
And that's pretty obvious by your response so far.
Fair and high 9, 11, 154, that's my vote.
But then again, it's a separate category, right?
Right.
They all suck 26.
Didn't see an 822.
Some of you folks need to get out of the house once in a while.
Wedding Crashers 19.
The Incredibles 15.
That was really.
Great, but.
Star Wars 311, Kill Bill Volume 211, Batman Begins 10.
Now this is my own list that I made.
I'm sure we might have an addition or two.
Spider-Man 2.9.
Passion of the Christ 8.
Of course, with our crowd, you know, what do you expect?
Not much.
Cinder element 7, Hitch 4.
Troy had 4.
Hey, by the way, Troy, you're a good guy, but your sales efforts are really
a lot of the rest of the guys.
Troy!
Week, really weak.
Well, he sure sucked it his way out of there this morning, didn't he?
When I bitched him out?
Good.
Stay away from us all you sales holes.
Okay, your idiots.
Except the new guy.
What's the new guy's name?
Jay.
Jay and Billy, they seem to be like stool human.
Since city 3, 51st 8th 3, broken flowers to the Bourne Supremacy 2 with Miss Matt Dillon
and Hayden and Matt Damon.
You're fair, Matt.
Matt Dillon and Matt Damon.
Robots 1.
Chocolate Factory 1.
War of the World's 1.
Oh, brother.
I've sp- War of the World's speaking of-
You're fair.
Nobody knows one.
Constantine Gardner 1.
Phantom of the Opera 1.
The Punisher 1.
Day after tomorrow 1.
I.
Robot 1.
And then no votes yet for this, these that are on the list.
And I didn't just pick these out of the air.
I picked them up on the lists of the top box office movies.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith met a Gansker Kingdom of Heaven's stealth.
Unleash, look at me, head on my summer love.
Downfall about Helsing, collateral and hillboy all have the big-
Oh!
So far.
Right?
Right.
That's what we got.
Can I put a hillboy on there?
Oh yeah, it's on there.
I know it's on there, but I mean, maybe you added it.
I don't know what was on the list.
There is.
So there's a whole bunch of them that don't have any.
I just noticed there were like- with all the hurricane stuff still going on with all
these hundreds of thousands of people without power.
We're like- kind of like a command performance, you know what I mean?
I'm sure you're aware of that.
Yeah, we were commanded.
Yeah.
And of course, things are going so well in Iraq.
It's a good thing that the hurricane came along to like wipe all that stuff off the news,
off the headlines.
Thousands of Sunni demonstrators rallied in Sodom, Hussein's hometown of Tukriya,
today to denounce their maximum new constitution, that they have to negotiate as finished a new
charter without the endorsement of the Sunni Arabs.
Sunni leaders have urged their community to defeat the charter, and nationwide referendum
October 15, saying it had been rammed through the drafting committee by a dominant Shiite
Arab and Kurdish alliance.
The absence of Sunni endorsement after more than two months of intensive negotiations,
Rafe fears of more violence and set the stage for a bitter political fight ahead of the
referendum.
A political battle threatened the sharpened communal divisions at a time when relations
among Shiite Sunnis and Kurds appeared to be worsening.
Oh my God.
In other words, everything is going great.
Oh, we're fine.
Just great.
Here's some good news for you before we have any calls.
It's Sunni we're going to get some today.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Come see, come say.
You know what I'm saying?
If we get them fine, if not, well, there's that idiot Chad Everett Myers.
It's for our down below that 39 mile per hour number.
That's where you go from a tropical depression to a tropical storm, and then you go at 74.
That's when you get to a hurricane.
So now we're down to a tropical depression.
Great news.
Great news.
Okay.
Of course, a little bit too late for some poor bastards, but nevertheless, it's a depression
all right.
So depression, how full of crap you people were including this guy and CNN.
CNN needs to be taken off the air.
They need to be off the air now.
Wolf Blitzkrieg is on there yesterday and he's teasing some horrific pictures that we
have coming from New Orleans, some horrific footage.
He's a madman.
It's just like that air france plane that the person here a few weeks ago, the same kind
of crap.
Histeria.
That's how desperate they are in CNN.
Don't watch it.
Okay.
Just program it out of your account.
I'm watching Murray.
Watch your, watch your name.
And I really caused me to get some real good land.
Let's hear you.
Talk about incompetent with the thin pasty voice and the bizarre nose, man.
She was lost.
Are we going to go to Mike now?
Can he hear us?
I mean, granted, you know, the hurricane and everybody's got technical problems and glitzes.
But I mean, she just, her true lack of professionalism and lack of any right being on the air has
shown through the last couple of days.
Readier and idiot, man.
You're a bubblehead.
But here's the good news.
You can use the effort in class, but only five times in England.
Isn't that great?
Really?
Yes.
A secondary school is to allow principals to swear at teachers as long as they don't do
it more than five times in a lesson.
A running tally of how many times the effort has been used will be kept on the board.
What about it?
If a class goes over the limit, they won't be, they will be spoken to at the end of the
lesson.
In other words, they're going to get like, thank you something.
Is that what they're calling us?
Here is teachers like Spank and the kids, member and clockwork orange.
Oh, yeah.
The astonishing policy which the school says will improve the behavior of pupils as
behavior with an IOUR was condemned by the parents group in M.P. yesterday.
They warned it would backfire.
Parents were advised the plan which comes into effect when term starts next week and
letter from the Weaver's school and Wellayn brought Northam, Northam, Northam, Northampton
shirt.
What are they all, those brits, man?
What kind of war can it be as long as we got the brits?
Excuse me, the Schmitz.
How long is a lesson?
I don't know.
As long as I think the finesse is spanking.
Brackdome, yes.
You'll learn.
You heard that.
I'm going to teach you a lesson.
Brackdome, yeah.
And then just keep banging away, banging away.
Well, spanking away.
Well, that's even worse.
W.A.C.Y.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, one for the poll, right?
That Rachel's movie?
Rachel's.
Yeah, it was called RAS.
It was called RAS.
It was called RAS.
Okay, thanks, pal.
It was supposedly pretty good.
I did like Rachel.
I saw most of it.
It was all right.
It was adequate.
Now, I didn't have pretty, what's his name in it?
Will Smith.
No.
That's why it was good.
Everything else, you know, every other black guy here, I thought maybe they had Will Smith
doing that.
No, they hired a real actor.
They hired Jamie Foxx.
They did a fine job.
Oh, that's right.
Jamie Foxx was very good.
Did anyone ask her for that?
Yes, he did.
He would not have made it.
Yes, he did.
He was the Oscar.
Well, I'll be damned.
Twenty-me-four, eleven and five, sixty-one.
We hope that everybody is safe and sound.
Everything is okay.
Our copy is horrendous.
And our sales department is just losing it entirely.
I think it goes back to the top.
The head of the fish again, don't you?
The head of the fish.
The top of the line back there.
There is something really stinking back there, man.
And you know what they say?
If the fish thinks chop off the head, it is just unbelievable what's going on back there
or over there or down there or next door.
I'd go back there and just pee right on their desk if I were you right during the next
break.
Not even if it was a lie.
Just go back there and give a little hose job right there on the desk.
I mean, just incredible what's going on.
I don't know.
I said to Duff this morning, why do we even worry about ratings and trends and all
of this stuff?
You know, it's just like we're in perpetual, just kind of floating our way.
Like it's in perpetual hurricane, you know?
We're always floating our way through life at any rate.
The trends keep coming in and clearing and that's all that counts.
19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQ.
We got a pristine schedule today, by the way.
The molemyster to a clock.
A clock or not.
A clock or not.
A clock or a clock.
Mad Dog at 4, 6, 30 got your Marlins on deck.
The Cardinals in town to play to Marlins at 7 o'clock tonight at 7 o'clock is the game
time.
An educate after the ball game.
A big series, man.
What is his only, oh, that's right.
Did they win or lose last night?
I didn't say we took a beating last night.
Again, after taking a pounding in Chicago on Sunday, they took a beating from the high
flying Cardinals.
What was the score?
6-1.
Ooh, they took a pounding, man.
That's bad.
If Tom Trilford just pitched every day and get hit by a pitcher, what I tell you about
that 95-year-old Greg Maddox is he better what, huh?
Pitch the good game, but when push came to shove, man, he pushed it.
This is Dan Ruther, on special assignment for CBS News.
I now have a major announcement to make.
I have decided to change my name from Dan Ruther to D-Rath.
I thought the entire Dan Ruther name was getting in the way to hear my fans.
I've also cut my hair to a point in the front and dyed the tip screen so I might appeal
to the young hipsters.
I've also traded in my Lincoln town car and got myself a new whip with your slang for
car.
My new ride is a Cadillac Esco.
And I've pipped my ride.
I've got the spinning rim.
I've got the dice hanging from the mirror.
And of course, I've got a kick ass sound system where I can blow your two-pops plus.
I've got a plasma screen at the back seat so as I can kick it with my homies and play
video games.
I've redecorated my house or my crib.
It's fat.
And when I say fat, it's spelled Ph.A.T. which is slang for cool hip happening because
D-Rath is reinventing themselves.
I'm wearing my blame.
And I'm coming at you.
I'm wearing baggy clothes and faking hoes.
This ain't no holobat girl.
D-Rath, on special assignment for CBS News.
You go, Dan.
1046 and 560 WQM.
He already did.
Yeah, he was.
He's kicking the ancient styles.
What I'm hearing.
Papu Cannon writes a national emergency.
Let me just tell you right now the stories that are on our website today which I'm going
to get to this other one here in a minute.
I got a whole pile of stuff and I don't really care if anybody cares or not, right?
Good.
Ed Naha.
Well, he's the one that wrote this.
Who is Ed Naha?
Let me just, you know, because people like to know who the hell is Ed Naha?
Maybe he knows John Levitt.
Remember John Levitt?
Maybe he knows Ed Naha.
Let's see.
Does it say on here who the hell is Ed Naha?
He's just a columnist.
He wrote a column called cable news, Hucksters and Harlots, which fits in with what I've been
telling you about all the propaganda that you could fit his news.
That's on our website and of all the stories that are on here, those five of you who read
the stories, that's the one you ought to be reading if you don't only read one.
He's got a stomach right now.
It's too long to read the whole thing.
Pat Buchanan writes a national emergency says on August 12th, New Mexico governor Bill Richardson
declared a state of emergency due to a chaotic situation involving illegal aliens smuggling
and illegal drugshipments on his southern border.
Three days later, governor Janet Napolitano followed suit in Arizona.
I wonder if Janet's related to the George Napolitano and Jonah Napolitano family in Anthony as well
at Pompano Park in Polkano, down.
The reason the crisis on the border, the ally, ally and free immigration policy of George Bush and
Bonsan, he Fox, beloved of corporate America has created a hell on our southern border.
Those southwestern states are being indated by illegal aliens, trashing ranches, killing cattle,
committing crimes, eating up tax dollars, the traffic in our products and human beings from Mexico
is a national scandal and the human rights disgrace.
What is true of New Mexico in Arizona is true of our nation, which is now home to an estimated
10 to 15 million aliens who've broken our laws and broken into our country.
It's a mark of the cowardice of our leaders that they're so terrified of being called bigots
that they tolerate this criminality.
The moral rot of political correctness runs deep today in both national parties.
A president like Teddy Roosevelt would have led the army to the border years ago
and if Fox didn't cooperate, T.R. would have gone onto Mexico City.
Nor would I, who deported all illegal aliens in 53, have stood still for this being done
to the country, he had defended in war.
What are these Bush Republicans afraid of? Dirty looks from the health at the country club?
The question of whether America is going to remain one nation or whether our southwest will wind up
as a giant Kosovo separated by language and loyalty from the rest of America is on the table.
Whereas Bush all wrapped up in the issue of whether women in the Jaffa
have the same rights and divorce and custody cases as women in Nebraska is legislatively agenda for the fall
includes a blanket and a steel for illegals so they can be exploited by businesses who want to hold wages down
as they dump the social cards for their employees, health care schools, courts, cops, prisons, under the taxpayers.
Not only have Richardson and Aponuh-Thonoh awakened there on the front line,
so too is Hillary Clinton who's spoken out against illegal immigration with a fort-rightness that makes Bush sound like a talking head for La Raza.
La Raza. Why is there a Republican Congress permitting this president to persist in the dereliction of his sworn duty?
George Bush is the chief executive of the USA. It is his duty to enforce the laws.
I think a little swarming with Soda here would be in calling.
Those laws are clear. People are breaking out of be sent back yet more than 10 million have broken in with impunity.
Another million attempt to break in every year. Half a million succeed.
Border security is homeland security. How then can the Department of Homeland Security say America is secure?
Who can guarantee that if the untold millions of illegals here in the scores of thousands ordered deported for crimes who have disappeared into our midst,
that not as a terrorist waiting for orders to blow up a subway or mall and massacre American citizens?
Most of these illegals come to work to send money back to their families. They're not bad people,
but because they're predominantly young and male, they committed a disproportionate share of violent crimes.
Why should US citizens be assaulted, robbed, raped, and murdered and have their children molested because the government won't enforce its own laws?
Is this not an indictment of democracy itself? What dictatorial regime would put up with this?
Evidently this one. The Republican Party claims to be a conservative party,
but what kind of conservative is it who, to cut a few costs or make a few bucks, will turn his family's home into a neighborhood flop house?
In a recent poll, 40% of Mexicans, 40 million people, said they would like to come to the US and 20% expressed their willingness to break in.
Time to cut the battle about how NAFTA is going to solve the problem. This is a national emergency.
Twice George Bush has taken oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the US.
Article 4, Section 4 of the Constitution reads,
the US shall guarantee to every state in this union a Republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them against invasion.
While we are being invaded, and the President of the US is not doing his duty to protect the states against that invasion,
some courageous Republican, to get the attention of this white house,
should drop in the hopper a bill of impeachment, charging George Bush with a conscious refusal to ruptold his oath,
and defend the states of the union against invasion.
It may be the only way left to get his attention before the border vanishes,
and our beloved country dissolves into Mexico, America, what's here called a polyglot boarding house for the world.
Thank you, Paine and Paine, for your attention, Sam Lander. How do you like that? You go past.
Nice going past.
Absolutely correct.
Excellent. Can we take a call or two here or what?
We don't know if we've got a whole bunch of movies on there. I really don't care.
Because I don't think we've got anybody listening anyway.
I mean, they're all like putting their lives back together again,
cleaning up all that trash and that mess, hoping that FPL might get off their ass for those poor bastards.
All those families who are sitting out there, how many days do you have to wait three?
From Thursday to yesterday.
So, yeah.
It's Friday, Saturday, yesterday, it's four days.
Almost four full days before George finally got his power back.
And luckily, he had a generator and spilled gas all over the inside of his car, his amnesst.
Maybe we ought to take it out of Armstrong, Ford or Armstrong, Toyota.
Okay. I'm serious. Find out from Fatboy.
I'm serious like, I can't get over that he sent that.
It's just, it's just why am I surprised by anything that goes on this place, right?
Why should it be?
It is so sloppy. It is so, and I'm supposed to like make magic from that.
You give me a piece of turd like that and I'm supposed to make it into a gold leaf.
You fat tub of garbage, you any of you, quizzling you.
You ferry.
How many QAM? Hello.
QAM, call waiting line.
How many QAM? Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a weather ferry spy report last Sunday night.
The CBS affiliate in New Orleans was streaming their newscasts on the internet.
And I was watching it and who should come on to be interviewed, but Brian Andrews.
Brian Andrews, that's what I was going to say, Brian Norcross.
I saw Brian Norcross on a couple of times on National TV doing his weather ferry bit.
No, he had been sent by his, you know, by his Miami station.
I guess Channel 4.
Do you know you Brian Norcross, not Brian Andrews?
No, no, no, Brian Andrews. Brian Andrews, you know what I mean?
He works at Channel 4.
Yeah.
He said he was from WFOR and he had been sent to cover the New Orleans, you know, weather event.
Yeah.
The people in Miami could see it first time.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
Ian, were that talking about women?
Okay.
I thought there was going to be like some punchline that I didn't you?
Like there would be something out there.
Oh, here it is.
Oh.
How many QAM, hello?
Neil.
Yes.
Thank God the answer.
I just like to say, long time, Lister, first time caller.
Yeah.
Nobody cares.
I still love you.
Yeah.
Nobody cares about that either.
How you like that?
That was good, huh?
But wait, I said.
Huh?
But there's more.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, you let's get a lot more like those two.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Let's kick an ancient style, man.
Town five, six, the only Verizon and singular wireless lens that I mentioned by the way that your power will be back sometime between now and next year.
I mean, I think it's a lot of people who are like wondering if your life is ever, but again, like Hank said, can you imagine maybe up to six weeks with no power in New Orleans in some of those other places?
Wow.
Oh, the flooding.
Yeah.
I think those people ought to just like, and when you say pack up their stuff, what stuff?
Maybe if they like got in the car and evacuated and got that allowed.
A lot of people were, but obviously not all of them.
But I mean, how much stuff could they take with them, right?
A little bit.
So you're going to be seeing a lot of people who's very sad.
You know, how you see these homeless people with like, they got like a trash bag.
Yeah.
No, no, seriously, their life is in a trash bag.
It's kind of like when you work at QAM.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
Good.
Neil, I just pulled up a side of guy about 10 minutes ago on State Road 7 and he only pushed bumper stickers on the bag of his car.
And I just had to say to him, I just pulled up a timing.
I mean, I would have just windowed out.
And I said, so he's bought push.
Yeah, I do support push.
How could you support a guy who opens the borders, who sends the kids to die for money for a power burden and this and that?
And he goes, you know what?
He's still doing a great job.
Yeah.
Talkin' about.
I mean, this guy still thinks that things are going, you know, some people can book, if you tell them that it's great, you tell them that they'll actually believe that they can close the ride and not see what's really happening around them.
Yeah.
The only people to blame for what's going on out of the American public man, 50% of the people in the country are so thinkin' stupid man.
It's unborn over age enough, you know?
They're not on a race at all, like the one woman there that's countering Cindy Sheehan, and she's hysterical.
I support my president!
Just carrying on like a maniac, I wonder how much they're paying that bitch.
Well, that was a pretty sheer supporting the president.
No, I'm saying the woman that's doing the woman that's counter protesting is doing it.
Oh, yeah, I like David.
Okay, okay, pal, get your ears fixed.
It's 10.57, how's that pull on the movies coming on?
I thought it would be like a little diversion anyway from all this depressing stuff. The movie thing, movies always, yeah.
All right, yeah.
All right, evidently, it's not because these people don't go to our goal for today on the pull is 300 votes by the way we got 285.
What?
Listen, the way things are going right now.
Best movie of 2004, 2005, Fair and High 9, 11, 76, that's our crowd, of course.
You come a pink ol' liberal fags.
They all suck 33, didn't see any 24.
I mean, what is that?
That's embarrassing to me.
Wedding Crashers 21, the incredible 17 Star Wars 3 has got 16.
Batman begins 13, kill Bill Volume 2, 11, Sin City 9, Pax of the Christ 9.
Oh, Jesus.
Spider-Man 2, 9, Cinderella Man 8, Ray 7, 51st dates, 5, Hitch 4, Troy's got 4, and I guarantee a Scrooan saw them all.
Born supremacy 3, war the world's two broken flowers, two robots, one, chocolate factory, one, King of Kingdom of Heaven, one.
Nobody knows one. Nobody knows the trouble I've seen.
Well, it's not really worthwhile reading all these others with the one.
And we got 285, so our goal is like 286.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
With a quick editorial, here's Pat Robertson.
Hello, this is Reverend Pat Robertson.
Now, many of you have been criticizing me because I called for the assassination of Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez.
Now, before you try casting the first stone, let me clarify my statements so you don't label me some religious zealot.
As decent God-fearing Christians, it's our job to cleanse the earth of all the evil dictators, even those who pose no imminent threat towards us.
For if we do the right thing by killing people we don't like, we'll be rewarded when Jesus comes down on a gold-studded shirt giving out those boxes of raisinets to all the good girls and boys, so they won't have to pay those overinflated concession prices.
The next time they see some crappy Rob Schneider flick, which I don't even know if that piece of crap is that on DVD yet.
If she's me, Pat?
Yes, stifle yourself.
Okie-dokie then. This is Pat Robertson and you have a great day.
Was that Pat Robertson or Bob Schiefer? I heard him say Okie-dokie.
Maybe you ought to send him to Lake Okie-Fanokie or whatever the hell that is.
Well, I tend to the deep south. Maybe God is cleansing the deep south, you think?
Not bad enough.
And the enormous bush on air the other day was yesterday or the day before and I was on Sunday.
And he would not was this during a speech yesterday about how well all we're doing is praying for praying to all Americans you're praying to God.
Well, if you're praying to God so that so many people don't get killed during the hurricane, how come God let the hurricane happen in the first place and all these heavily populated areas?
You bozo, you idiot, you-
You're fair. You imbecile. It's always the same thing. Let's pray to God.
That's the American-Imbacillic way, man.
Well, so anyway, gold star for families for peace.
Huh?
Gold star families for peace. That's the name of the group. They've got a PSA. They're running with- not a PSA, but a spot paid spot with Cindy Sheena.
It was just down here before the 11 o'clock, during our break.
Didn't see it? No.
It's great. And she looks right in the camera and they showed her close-up and she's talking about he lied, the bush lied, and her son died for nothing.
And what's this noble cause? And why not admit our mistake before it's too late and we kill any more soldiers?
Anya, anya, anya.
Of course, you know, I'm gonna fall on deaf ears.
You people in the media, and I know we have, you know, CNN's got a bureau in town and the networks have their local bureaus.
You're a disgrace. Each and every single one of you, man, you have the power.
You've got the ability, but you're all-in fact, this article, which I urge everybody to read, I said that before, but you won't do it anyway.
But- but at least I told you so.
Cable news, Hucksters and Harlots by Ed Naha.
Ah-ha.
And I'm only gonna read a part of it cause it's like it'll long, or you'll long, but-
The nicest thing to be said about cable news is just when you think it can't sink any lower, it surprises you, and goes sub-stratta.
Take the deranged coverage of Cindy She-in, please, rimshot.
And I'm not just talking about Fox, is if that was actually a news channel.
Regarding the train wreck formerly known as CNN, when she and returned to Crawford last week, a legitimate news story, and I stressed the word news,
CNN somehow felt the responsibility to report this news story by also featuring a segment spotlighting folks who are pro-bush.
Thank God Martin Luther King Jr. is no longer around giving his pesky, I have a dream speeches.
CNN would probably offer equal airtime to the grand dragon of the KKK for in-depth analysis.
The blur between legitimate news and editorializing is now forever joined at the hip, like an ester from the Todd Browning movie Freaks.
It's truly jarring and equally disgusting, but the fixes in, no news is our news.
Wouldn't it be great if these corporate media hucksters saw fit to apply this tacked across the board?
When bush-outers and an anity like our strategy is straightforward, as Iraqi stand up, America's will stand down.
You cut to blitzer or donner or fixing and against with an opposing view.
Well, both clearly our president is talking out of his ass again.
American reporters both in newsprinted on the airwaves have never been so corrupted.
They suck at the teeth of the beltways if they were baffer and children in need of curdled mothers milk, not to get news to spread out to a common folk,
but to further their careers in Doris government's speed propaganda as fact.
As Dan Frunkin and Aces online writer for the Mato Hotsuo Washington Post reported last week, these guys will do anything to keep their jobs.
About 50 members of the White House press corps accepted President Bush's invitation last night to come over to his house and Crawford, eat his food, drink his booze, hang around a pool and shmooze with him,
while promising not to tell anyone what he said afterward.
Perfect.
Reporters sworn the secrecy in order to touch the helm of our friceless leader, touch the hem.
I didn't know he wore a dress.
It's lovely.
The Associated Press waited with a jovial. The casual affair of fried catfish, potato salad, coleslaw, homemade cheese, and chocolate chip cookies, followed a tradition in which Bush and his wife Laura have the press covering his annual longest vacation up to their ranch in central Texas as sort of a thank you.
Yes, thank you for bowing down to the anointed one.
As Frunkin pointed out, one Bush touched particularly appreciated by the working media, invitations were sent out at the last minute.
So only the reporters and photographers already in the area could attend, preventing any big footing by the media elites in Washington or New York or on vacation themselves.
So if you're covering she and have a brusque, covering Carl Rove, forget about it.
Another ironic note, in order to get to the big bash, all the reporters had a drive pass, she and scamp on route to the Republican version of Valhalla.
What's death when you can get a head pat from our perspiring president?
And Bush has good reason to sweat.
Cindy Sheen's face is George Bush's worst enemy. Why? Because it's real. She's not a politician. She's not a group. She's a mom.
Because of that fact, the Republican smear machine and by extension, these slacker press and its thrall have been working overtime, even going so far as to create a prefabricated grass mood, the Groot's movement, via a Republican oriented PR firm dubbed, You Don't Speak For Me Cindy.
It's Bush to her professionally organized as opposed to Sheen's dissing the camp out of Crawford, actually being backed by real people, has been getting pumped up by all the cable outlets, CNN, MSNBC, and of course Fox, which sort of renamed Weasel about eight years ago, sorry real life weasels.
Even W facing three polls in the past week, which hit him between 36 and 40% popularity rating with nearly 60% of our citizenry now opposed to the Iraqi quagmire decided to get on the creative media train attempting to blunt Sheen's anti-war mom's debt as far from a counter mother, Bush supporter Tammy Pruitt.
America lives in freedom because the families like the Pro at least Murk last week, and producing the pro at family on live TV.
Okay, Pruitt has had five sons and a husband serving in Iraq, her husband is now home, her sons are all alive. She's not exactly a grieving mom, which fits in with Bush co is never ending attempt to sanitize the war.
Once more when interviewed after Bush's blowviation Pruitt refused to slam she and just as she refuses to slam those military parents who disagree with her position.
Bush's spokeswoman in training Trent Duffy has been sticking it to Sheen all week, even going so far as to comment, the president can understand that people don't share his view that we must win the war on terror, and we can't retreat and cut and run from terrorists, but he just has a different view.
This particularly offensive piece of Bush coasts, smarminis, went on widely under reported, but it's now official.
If you don't support Bush's invasion, you want the terrorists or insurgents or whatever we're calling them to win.
And this goes on and on with quotes from some rotesque, some all the stuff that's going on on TV.
It can make a long story short, it's very long. It's on our website.
cable news, huckstries and harlots. You're disgrace. Absolute disgrace.
Something if the media didn't take them a long time during Vietnam, but if the media would have reacted this way, they'd still be fighting in Vietnam.
I'm telling you right now, they're a bit of a chronic. If you have other people with balls, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
Somebody Q a.m. Hello.
How in the hell did John Roberts lose that job to Bob Schaefer? How did that happen?
Because he had to be on the Supreme Court, man.
I mean, anybody should know that.
Shouldn't they? That's right. Get with it. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
Come on. Let's get these phones smoking, man. I came in here today working over a hot microphone, looking out at that beautiful sunny sky.
What's the temperature here right now? What is it there about 110?
I got to clean up that mess another hurricane 2475 degrees. A high of 2077 today. I'll take it, you know.
Maybe not be paradise and we do have a lot of smelly foreigners here, but nevertheless.
W. W. Q. A.m. Hello.
Yeah, I'd like to speak the middle speaking.
Yeah, my wife told me to call you and thank you profusely for mentioning the flag away.
Well, how do you like that? Man, it is incredible.
It is. Well, thank God for her, man. She's one of the few that listen to me. We did that infomercial thing a week or two ago and, you know, there were a few.
They don't listen to me no more. Maybe that's why they're not selling any spots on the show. Maybe they know that the power of Neil is just.
Oh God.
Yeah, right.
Let's hand it. Head that tremendous power.
I can. The only thing is ice cream. Oh, there's a look at the luxury. Wow.
Hunters had receded quite a bit by the time we got there, according to some of the.
But there's guy miles of Brian. He ought to drown. That's what God's punishment ought to be for him.
You have to like slip into that gigantic lake of water. They have on the roads there and just drown for his irresponsible so called reporting on that air France thing.
The person here three or three four weeks ago. You're in this race. You an idiot, man.
They ought to put you on the next-space shuttle. Okay. Just blow it up on purpose with you. Solo. You idiot. You quizzling. You're fairy.
God. That's the me. I've said it. The news media. Forget about bush. Forget about all this other stuff.
And you remember the same thing with that anti-carry group. The Swift, the not so swift, but veteran crap. Right.
And remember how the media just sucked right along on it. Here's here's a war hero. A decorated war hero running from president against a well-known draft Dodger.
And then they turn it around and they get down rather canned at CBS because of the fact that the story that put on even though it was true, they couldn't substantiate it.
So basically the messages don't confuse us with the truth. Here's a fact that says put city of God on there.
Are you sent that to me, right? No. I thought you were sending it. I was good, but I don't want to lose it. I actually lend it to somebody.
And I don't think I'll ever see it again anyway. Well, it said constant gardener is done by the same director, but it's not out until Wednesday.
I'll make you copy and send it. I'll copy. There's that out yet. So how can it have votes on our poll? Well, that's how good it is.
So take it off the list as you, uh, efforts and the PSI wish Bill Cama was here. Well, all I can say to you is you fail.
Quizly protect your children. That's my comment.
Bush, I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I don't.
I find a young person.
How are you?
I don't know what you're saying. Who's our first guest?
We're the puzzle and it's the puzzle.
I've got no idea who that is.
Oh, I see him backstage. Please welcome Pam Anderson.
You got Bizzle Boos.
I think I know what that means. You have tremendous lockers.
How's Tom and Lizzo the Wizard?
Oh, Tom is doing things that they're new show and I knew I'm off.
I think you understand the question of what he said.
I don't know what you said, but it's time to take a break.
Yeah, dog.
Your dog. I'm Lee.
I'm the same dog.
You're my dog.
Speaking of the weather, I think of my drizzle of Bizzle.
For fishes 11, 11, 18 and 5, 60 WQAM.
Here's some good news for you. You're going to love this.
Court TV reporter Diane Diamond.
She's like one step away from your favorite.
The one I can't think of her name anymore.
Nancy Gray's age.
Court TV reporter Diane Diamond was let go last week,
and then we're continues to restructure its daytime programming.
I think the Jackson family is behind it.
In a note to members in an online Yahoo message board devoted to her,
Diamond said that court TV decided to cut her loose.
Just like Sammy Smith, cut her loose.
Help me make it to that.
You know, she's on that country music time lock
and commercial.
Sammy Smith, cut her loose.
Even though our contract wasn't new to her,
it's far until December. Bye-bye Diane Diamond.
Oh, that's okay. She'll come down on her ass.
Court TV told me last Wednesday they planted this mantle
by investigative unit and Friday was my last day there, Diamond wrote.
In a statement, Court TV yesterday confirmed it had let Diamond go.
Court TV recently rebranded Court TV news,
and as part of that effort, it's restructuring its investigative unit
formerly hit by Ann Diamond.
The network had it that Diamond had been a tremendous ass, asset,
and was key to the network's successful coverage of the Michael Jackson trial.
Diamond said she'd used her newfound free time to work on her chronicle of the Jackson case.
Be careful who you love, which is most yours to remember 15.
The title comes from the King of Pop's musical,
This of All of Petrimony, the 1983 hit, Billy Jean.
Oh, Billy Jean, wouldn't she have queen?
You're fairy.
Her note also suggests that Diamond will continue to make the occasional cable loose appearance.
Oh, like Nancy Grace. How many shows did she got on every day?
About three demand.
Casual appearance.
My friend Nancy Grace says now. See that?
My friend Nancy Grace is now that I have some free time.
She especially to join her on her scene and show from time to time.
Like how many times a week?
About three demand.
In July, court TV split itself into two distinct units,
a daytime slate dubbed Court TV News,
and a primetime and weekend block tag Court TV,
seriously entertaining.
The division was affected in order to underscore the network's transition toward presenting
original unscripted fair,
and issue related movies at night,
while emphasizing its news and trial coverage in mornings and afternoon.
Court TV. Everyone's in a great while there's something on there.
You watch Court TV?
The wife loves Court TV.
Well, I'll see what they got on right now.
Let's take a look.
It's hard.
You know what they have on?
Nancy Grace, 24-7.
TV got caught.
They have one?
Nancy Grace, all the time.
No, she's on headline news.
She's on Larry Canveyway.
She's on your pop-up toaster.
In fact, I think you'll see her face in the bottom of your toilet.
I will.
She's what I'm hearing, which is a good place for it.
So maybe go take a quick...
We'll take my time with that one.
That will really be an amazing Grace.
At any rate, I've got to take a bunch of calls here.
Okay, because I've been out of touch for so long.
I want to get back in touch with these people.
You believe me?
QAAM, hello.
See you told you.
WQAM, hello.
Going once.
Good morning.
Too late.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a three-step plan for saving the United States.
Okay, great.
Go tell to somebody once they hear it.
You're boring.
567-0560, pound five, 60 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
The first step is to stop taking calls, I think.
That would say my sanity.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, man.
Great.
I got two for your fault.
Okay.
If you like great direction in horror movies, you have to see
House of 1000 Corpses and the sequel, The Devil's Reject.
Both were directed by Rob Zombie.
Okay.
Great direction.
Okay, you've got a great direction, isn't it?
Anyplace outside of South Florida, like Northwest?
Or maybe just Dewy's.
Got those, Josh?
Ooh.
Got them.
Okay.
Josh is got them.
And by the way, he's moving again tonight, so you won't see any stories on
the show until about noon tomorrow.
Of course, only one of those really applies because the first one is in
03.
I see.
Well, just put them on.
And the good news is that the Gardner movie, whatever it is, what is it?
What's the name of that?
The constant Gardner.
It's already got a vote and it's not even out yet.
Let's hear it.
I bet it's going to be great if that's the case.
What do you think?
Let's see.
Huh?
I mean, when people haven't even seen it, they're already voting, especially this crowd that doesn't
go to any movies.
I mean, take a look at that.
Didn't see any in the last two years, 29.
Almost 9% of the audience didn't see any.
I mean, please, okay, they have those dollar movie specials on a weekend or something.
Go, huh?
They got cable TV.
Yeah, that's right.
They're plenty of 2,000 for movies that are on cable already now.
You got your friends house.
You can always go over to watch a movie there.
Do not watch the Morrison murders, by the way.
I wonder if that was about that restaurant chain.
It was possible.
I thought it was about Jim Morrison.
Are they still in business?
I'm sure, hope not.
I don't know.
No, there's no more Morrison's is there?
I don't know.
Did you ever eat in Morrison's?
I think I did once.
I did.
I was practicing for what I'm doing now.
That is old age.
Paul Brown and the Guardian writes, speaking of global warming, which those are the two words
that ought to be going through your mind right now.
If you're wondering why all these tsunamis and these men, this is only the third hurricane in the history of the US.
I'm category five to hit land make landfall.
Although it was category four, I guess, when I finally did, but nevertheless, all the stuff that's going on,
the flooding in Europe right now, all the tremendous climactic changes, just stop and think about it for a second and go,
like that.
Oh, yeah, that president is doing a great job.
And thank you for those low gas prices again, Mr. President.
What a bargoon, man.
Going to go up how many cents in South Florida?
About 30, man.
30 cents, which means you're looking at three bucks a gallon plus just for regular.
I go out and give me a horse if I were you.
Get a bicycle.
Okay.
Give me those, what do they call those things that you scoot around on?
A scooter?
No, not a scooter.
The big mention.
The Segway.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's a great Segway.
What a great Segway.
Hop on one of those, man.
It's going to revolutionize the way we live.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, everybody, everybody's going to be on a Segway.
Of course, the brace don't work too good on those babies, but nevertheless, nothing's perfect.
Paul Brown, not the former coach of the, I'm founder of the Cleveland Browns, and in the
Cincinnati Bengals, I don't know what he's saying, Paul Brown.
He was in the Bengals.
In the Guardian writes, some of America's leading scientists have accused Republican politicians
of intimidating climate change experts by placing them under unprecedented scrutiny.
Intimidating climate change experts, are you following this?
Yeah.
We're talking fascism with a capital F as in FU.
They have this.
A far reaching inquiry into the careers of three U.S.
is the most senior climate specialist has been launched by Joe Barton, chairman of the
Husser Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce.
He's demanded details of all the resources of funding, methods, and everything they've
ever published.
Mr. Barton, a text and closely associated with the fossil fuel lobby, in other words,
the oil industry, has spent his 11 years as chairman opposing every single piece of legislation
designed to combat climate change.
He's using the wide powers of his committee to force the scientists to produce great quantities of material
after alleging flaws in life with transparency in their search, he's working with Ed Wittfield,
the chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations.
The scientific work they're investigating was important in establishing that man-made carbon emissions
were at least partly responsible for global warming and formed part of the 2001 report
of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, which convinced most world leaders,
George Bush, a notable exception, that Urgen nation was needed to curb greenhouse gases.
The demands and letters sent to the scientists have been compared by some U.S.
media commentators to the anti-communist witch hunts pursued by Joe McCarthy in the early 50s.
The three U.S. climate scientists, Michael Mann, director of the Earth Science System Center
at Pennsylvania State, Penn State, Raymond Bradley, director of the Climate System Research Center
at University of Massachusetts, and Malcolm Hughes, former director of the lab of tree-ring research
at University of Arizona, had been told to send large volumes of material, a letter demanding information
on the three in their work is also gone to Arden Vament, director of the U.S. National Science Foundation.
Mr. Burton Zincwering was launched after an article in the Wall Street Journal quoted an economist
and statistician, neither of them, from a climate science background, saying there were
methological flaws in data errors in the three scientists' calculations.
It accused the tree of refusing to make the original material available to be cross-checked.
Mr. Burton then asked for everything the scientists had ever published in all baseline data.
He said the information was necessary because Congress was going to make policy decisions
drawing on their work and is committed needed to check its validity.
Their follow-up date of manhood details of everything they had done since their careers began,
funding received in procedures for data disclosure, the inquiry assurance sent shockwaves
to the U.S. scientific establishment already under pressure from the Bush administration
which links funding to policy objectives.
18 of the country's most influential scientists from Princeton and Harvard have written to Mr. Burton
and Mr. Whitfield expressing deep concern.
Their letter says much of the information requested is unrelated to climate science.
It says request to provide all working materials related to hundreds of publications
stretching back decades can be seen as intimidation, intentional or not,
and thereby risk compromising the independence of scientific opinion that is vital
to the pre-eminence of American science as well as the flow of objective science to the government.
Alan Lesner protested on behalf of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
expressing deep concern about the inquiry which appeared to be a search for a basis
to discredit the particular scientists rather than a search for understanding.
The old Schmier campaign, that's the whole deal with this bunch, man.
Schmier the queer.
Political reaction has been stronger. Henry Waxman, senior California Democrat,
wrote complaining this was a dubious inquiry which many viewed as a transparent effort
to bully and harass climate change experts who reached conclusions with which you disagree.
But the strongest language came from another Republican.
Sherwood Bollard, chairman of the House Science Committee, he wrote to express his enormous,
strenuous objections to what he sees as the misguided illegitimate investigation.
He said it was pernicious to substitute political review for scientific peer review,
and the President was truly chilling.
He said the inquiry seeks to erase the line between science and politics and should be reconsidered.
A spokeswoman from Mr. Burton said yesterday that all required to have written evidence had been collected.
The committee will review everything we have and decide best how to proceed.
Notice it hasn't been made yet whether to have public hearings to investigate the validity of the sciences findings,
but that could be the next step for this autumn.
She said, I wonder what does she know as a penny nands.
Maybe she's had penny nands deep in her pants.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Hello and welcome to a current affair.
Mr. President, thanks for calling in while you're on vacation. Where are you now?
In Florida with my little brother, JAP.
George, at this rate, you're going to sit at a record provocation time for any president ever.
I agree with you. I think what you're doing is really important.
Right, but we're with you.
And with you all the very best. Thanks for taking my phone call.
George, one more question. Now get back to work.
What I kiss at George's.
My blue guy, wait.
Don't lie.
Oh, the heart burns.
Don't go, don't go.
Every time I see.
That every part of him wins.
Don't go, don't go.
My TV.
He's president of the **** zone.
Republican muscle in and in our king and idiot.
I don't know why.
Say what it wants is y'all, but don't eat to your chest under that for years.
With President

Here's the
We got the man dog at 4.630 or free game show Cardinals in Amarlands at the ballpark tonight.
7.05, 80k follows the game.
Ancient, 80k, we're old, we're originally but we got a few listeners man.
We're ancient, we're kicking it ancient style here on QM.
That ought to be our next billboard campaign.
What's the thing?
Go, go.
Yeah, we're showing the tip of a big boot kick in some ass.
Some of the art was in particular.
Okay.
The hurricane food rule the Sun Central tells you when it out throw it out.
That's a good idea.
I don't know, I had some mushrooms that I had like, you know, sliced mushrooms.
Yeah.
That I had some in the refrigerator the other day and I don't know, I've been there a couple of days like covered up with some stuff around it.
And I smelt it and it seemed okay and then I dealt it and ate it and fried it and it was pretty good.
Did you felt it?
I felt it too and smelt it.
Wow.
After only hours without power, experts recommend you toss meats, seafood and dairy products, toss it.
Toss it.
We have it in a refrigerator.
Often those in the freezer as well.
After Hurricane Katrina, some South Americans have been dazed without electricity.
Like George was four days without it, FBNL.
We just mentioned that in passing.
You idiots.
And I know that most of what's on hand has to go.
But what about other items like the flour, mustard and eggs you still?
Is that really true that the FBNL people they fix the, they restore the power in their own neighborhoods,
wherever they work?
That's what someone said.
Someone says, someone alleges that when you work for the company, if they're guys that have their power out
and they have it to work for the company, they have the power in their neighborhood, maybe it's just a coincidence that it gets restored real quick.
Yeah, by like magic.
Maybe they don't wear a stick it.
Flour mustard eggs that you still in a refrigerator.
Brenda Marty Jimenez, M-A-R-T-Y-Dash.
Brenda Marty Jimenez, what a great name.
Family and consumer science agents for the Broward County Extension Agency, the University of Florida.
It's amazing that there are all these agencies and all these different groups in these organizations.
I don't know.
She says, when in doubt, show it out.
Don't rely on appearance and odors, she says.
After all, if you evacuated your home and returned after the electric services restored, you may have returned away refrigerator and freezer that are purring
and food that's nicely chilled or frozen solid, but that doesn't mean that it's safe.
Oh my god.
If you live in data Broward where the power went out, chances are the food in your refrigerator remained above 40 degrees for more than two hours.
In addition, the food in your freezer reached above 40 degrees and much of it is unsafe to eat.
One way to tell is if the ice cubes in your freezer become a solid block, which indicates that they melted and refrozed, the same thing happened to your food.
You need to evaluate whether to keep or throw out items on a case-by-case basis.
Himmaine says, and she says, don't call me Jose. Himmaine is either. I'll give you a bitch slab.
To help you, the USDA Food Safety Inspection Service invites you to visit them at FSIS.
Oh, that's ridiculous. I can't read this whole thing. The website lasts like about 8,000 words on it.
Do a search.
Here you'll find a charred of food. It's in a sunset in a way. Go out and steal one.
Here you'll find a charred of food items whether or not they're safe. If held over a certain temperature or a designated period of time, they also have answer off-ass food safety questions.
For example, low-fat cheese and eggs held about 40 degrees for over two hours should be discarded, but mustard is safe.
Don't touch it without the mustard.
An open jar of mayonnaise held about, oh, don't put no mayonnaise on your corn-beaf sandwich, mayonnaise for glam.
An open jar of mayonnaise, about 50 degrees for eight hours, should be discarded.
But fresh mushrooms are safe to keep. See, there you go. Safe to keep. My shrooms are good. I'm not going to die yet.
As our tortilla is in peanut butter.
Well, what kind of people in this audience have got tortilla in the fridge, right?
I wouldn't know.
Frozen waffles that are defrosted can be refrozen as canned flour, commercial or cornmeal, and nuts.
Oh yeah, you're for nuts can freeze and defrost many, many times during the course of a lifetime.
Also, if canned goods are exposed to flood waters, even if they look well sealed, they need to be discarded.
Canned goods and flood water is bad mix.
All right. To get ready for the next hurricane, he managed to exist taking a plastic bottle of water.
You may need to cut the thin neck off, but cut the neck off and freeze it.
Place a penny atop the ice. Then if you return home after the next storm and the penny is at the bottom of the bottle, even if the water is defrosted, you know what melted?
And you'll know the same thing happened to your food, even if it's frozen when you get home.
Mm hmm. That clever. That's very clever.
In fact, George is going to send everybody in the audience who's listening right now.
Penny, a special collector's edition penny, not a port that they stick in there a bottle.
Huh? Or they can just stick in there a dome, right?
Kind of like my dad Green used to do on IOD.
Now, she was great at investing, but every time she stood up, those pennies don't fall in out.
Hey, Meg, you idiot.
I gotta play that thing. Please.
Huh? Meg, now, which one is it Randy calls Meg?
No, Meg on money.
No, I don't have that. I do have this though.
Yeah.
Randy, I don't hate you at all. Congratulations.
Get out of here, Meg.
You want to know something? Truthfully, I'm happy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat. We're going out for cruise. I'm having for the four and a half years.
My first weekend's off.
I'm promoting my video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion thing.
No, no, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station.
Honest to God I do. Really?
Trust me. I'm not lying.
All right. I call to congratulate you.
Well, Meg, I just, can I just ask you one lousy question there?
Or why on your last show?
Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WIOD?
I made a mistake. I made a bad call.
I'm only listening to you.
And I think you're fun.
And I think it's perfectly okay to have, relax and have fun on a weekend.
Honest to God. I needed to have that.
And I'm enjoying listening to you. And it's no bull.
Now have a good day.
See ya. Don't believe the word of it, man.
She's not here and trashed me for a whole afternoon.
A whole afternoon. She said I didn't have a chance in hell.
I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake.
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party.
So she's going to kiss a little butt.
This is Neil Roger.
Welcome.
This is 5.62.8.
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
Hey, what's up, girl?
hahahahahahaha but what?
mmmm!
I'm 45 at 5.60 WQM on the Mohawar David
and Wormov Show.
I'll be along it too.
Can't wait.
Oh, well 15 people agree with you.
Spider-Man 2 14, the Passion of the Christ 13, Sin City 10, Cinder element 8, or yeah those
Jesus Christ is man, they're going to get us sooner or later.
Hitch 7, 51st 8, 6, Troy had 5.
Nice going Troy.
Born supremacy, 5, Hey Mac Damon.
You're fairy.
War the world's three, Tom Cruise.
You're fairy.
Chocolate Factory 2, Broken Flowers 2, The Punisher 2, I robot 2.
Robots 1, King not to be confused with, right?
Right.
Kingdom of Heaven 1, nobody knows.
When the constant gardener is coming out tomorrow and Scott 1 had already, it must be sensational.
Downfall 1, Find Helsing, come here.
1, Phantom of the Opera.
What was his name that played, I actually told you that a couple weeks ago, I remember his name that played Professor of On Helsing in the original.
Yeah, we forgot already.
My I forgot.
Phantom of the, he was also in some other horror movies.
Phantom of the Opera 1, Day after tomorrow 1, Collateral 1, Hellboy 1, and none yet.
Zero, The Big O.
Rock solid.
The Devil rejects Mr. Mrs. Smith, Madagascar, stealth, Unleast look at me head on in my summer love, 270 votes.
Here is a fact that says, oh no, can this be true?
I don't know, I'm trying to find out if it's true.
That would be Wayne Arles.
That would be true.
We're just trying to confirm it.
We have a call over there and if nobody answers, they're saying, I'm dying over here.
Is there a slide over here?
Yeah, I'm frying over here.
Oh no.
Oh, it's speaking to that neighborhood.
I don't want to get into an ethical racial thing, but you notice the, see, I got news for it.
People who loot in times of emergency in distress, those people need to be shot on silent questions at.
If you loot, I'm going to shoot.
Yeah, that's, I like that.
If you loot, we're going to shoot.
And even for the heed.
Can't stand that.
Call it off or refrigerators and TV sets and all kinds of crap.
Remember that earthquake they had in Japan that was brutal and terrible?
Yes.
How many incidences of looting do you think they had?
Oh, exactly.
That's because they're civilized and how many incidences of price gouging were reported?
Oh, exactly.
And I'm talking about those gas prices, Arya.
Well, the good news is now that they can't, not so good news, but anyway a little bit better than it's been.
They can't raise the price on gas like right now.
Of course, if they, if they release a mood point because if they don't have any, your neighborhood gas station or wherever you're going,
it makes no difference because as soon as the new shipments come in, they're going to raise them about 30%.
So for like 279 before it's going to be like 310 now.
Thank you, Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices and our ongoing dependence on gas, on oil.
Thanks to you and your raghead friends over there in Saudi Arabia.
And you're not so good friends in Venezuela and elsewhere.
Anyway, it says real castle on Northwest 7th, 125th at Twain Arnold's burning man.
No more needy burgers and Georgia's feverishly.
I'm sure our crack news department is going to be on top of that.
What do you think? Yeah, crack news.
Yeah, they're all about the crack. For crack heads.
Yeah, we got a head for news, baby, a QAM or I think more basically we just spend a lot of time at the head.
Oh, I like this article. Do I have time to read it? Yeah.
A lot of reading today, a lot of articles, the old man's reading the newspapers on here and that's good.
It'll keep you, keep your company while you're trying to like put your life back together after this hurricane.
And I'm going to say it again, you weather prognosticators and you forecast is including max.
I got mushroom mouth mayfield there at the National Hurricane Center who you can't understand half of what he's saying.
Everybody raised about him. Where's Neil Franco? We need him or somebody who we can understand what the hell are saying.
Am I the only one who's perceived that that he sounds like he's got mushroom mouth? God, he is lame.
And even they were giving us this sort of dance about week category one and but to be put a boop put a bob.
And all of a sudden baloney crap is what you gave out absolute crap and bokeh my ass and pop it out of four.
Lauderdale my ass Hollywood to North Miami Beach. That's where that I was.
George is sitting there trying to put his life back together. Hope any of power will come back on.
He looks out the window and sees the.
Of the hurricane right over the house. Yeah. Wow. And George lives in Hollywood, which I didn't know you were old enough yet to live in Hollywood, but nevertheless.
Oh, yeah. He's working on it. Well, his hair is turned into gray.
And he's just sporting a beard now is what does it? Great beard. I rise old man. Pretty soon you're going to look like you know who I saw in
biography this weekend and he was really a great guy and I never realized it was Edward G Robinson. He was a good guy.
Great guy. But the only problem was he was Jewish and so when I let the.
Which Hudson and the Hollywood happened. That's why he didn't get any work for several years. Edward drew Robinson and would you rob and.
But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing. And then later toward the ass end of his life, he started getting a whole lot of work again.
Good guy. Eddie Eddie Eddie. Not that Eddie strategizing a Christian Kudita a group of believers want to establish scriptures, based government, one city and
County of time. This is kind of like a sequel to a story. I had a couple weeks ago. Remember that Jenny Jarvey, Nail A Times rights, Greenville, South Carolina.
Christian Mark. It began as many trips to with the staff at Walmart to buy a portable DVD player. But Mario D Martina was planning more than a weekend get away.
He and his wife and three children were embarking on a pilgrimage to South Carolina. I want to migrate and claim the gold of the Lord said the 38 year old oil company executive from Pennsylvania.
I want to replace this to replicate the statues and more and the more raisins scriptures that the one God of the Old Testament is positive the world.
I'm trying to be this too fast and I'm butchering. So slow down. We got no spots. A lot of time. Just relax.
D Martino who drove here recently to look for a new home as a member of Christian Exodus, a movement of politically active believers who hope to establish a government based upon Christian principles.
At a time when evangelicals are exerting influence on the national political stage, having helped secure president Bush's reelection, Christian Exodus believes that people of faith have failed to assert their moral agenda abortion is legal, school prayer is banned.
There are limits on public displays of the 10 commandments. Gays and Lesbians can marry a Massachusetts Christian Exodus activist plan to take control of the sheriff's offices, city councils and school boards. Eventually they say they will control South Carolina. But you know what they can have it?
Yeah, they will pass godly legislation defying Supreme Court rulings on the separation surgeons. They see I'm not alarmed by this. I think that all the Jesus Christ Jews, all these professional religion nuts, no matter what the stripe there are. They all like take some useless place like North Carolina or the Dakotas or somebody in South Carolina and go there.
We're going to force a constitutional crisis at Cory Bernal 29 investment advisory fund of the group in November 2003. If necessary, he said we'll succeed from the union. Well, good. Well, thank you.
The El Salami sandwich with mayonnaise on right. Let's build a wall of all the world.
You are missing. Goi. Bernal has not moved to South Carolina himself. He promised his wife they would stay in Valley Springs, California until the end of next year.
But believe that is 950 supporters will wildly because five families have moved so far. Wow, what a movement. Can you smell it?
Bernal said his inspiration came from the free state project, which in October 2003 appealed a libertarians to move into the Hampshire for limited government intervention or taxes greater individual rights by 2006 organizers had hoped to have 20,000 people committed to relocating to New Hampshire.
So far, 6600 have said they intended to make the move, but you know how many have done so 100 what a movement man. What a grassroots movement Christian Exodus, Bernal,
it will be more successful. There are more Christians than libertarians. He said is not a shame. After scrutinizing electoral records, demographic trends and property prices, Christian Exodus members identified two updates out to a lot of counties.
They hope they will not officially say which ones as prime for a conservative takeover by September of next year. Bernal hopes to have 2,000 activists in one county and 500 in the other.
Frank and Tammy Janoski have settled into a five bedroom house with white vinyl sliding in New subdivision in rural Spartanburg County. This is where God wants us to be. He said, oh, I think he got mistaken. I think he wants to.
I think God said, hope and dread. You know where that is. The whole where. Tell me that Janoski 38 is self employed computer engineer have been contemplating moving from his deadline oriented lifestyle and Bethlehem, Oh, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. What's wrong with that? How can you be more religious than being in a holy town of Bethlehem to a more conservative region with cheaper housing and lower taxes when a church friend had to make Christian Exodus flyer.
What attracted me to the movement was the idea of calling back the country to a righteous standard. He said, Hallelujah. Put your hands on the Bible and get your other hand off my crotch. His first six months in South Carolina have been idolat, Janoski said not only do his neighbors wave as they pass by, but they also share more of his conservative Christian beliefs.
I've actually even have like flags they put on further houses saying stupid things like he is risen or maybe the cake has risen. If you're going to see this is the place to do it, he said local's had that spirit. Although Christian Exodus members are confident they can capitalize on evangelical this illusion with the Republican Party.
The local observers are skeptical James Gooth a professor at Furman and Greenfield will study his influence of religion and politics doesn't think that Christian Exodus will be successful beyond a county level. South Carolina is a state that's dominated by Republicans.
You said although there are people on the far right edge of the Republican Party in general, the population is a big fan of Bush. It's Bush country nestled in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains of state South Carolina is the most conservative region of a conservative state.
Bush won 58% of the South Carolina vote last time and Greenville is home to Bob Jones University a far-bison fundamentalist Christian college and then so recently had banned interracial dating and hates the Catholics like poison.
Cleanest Black men. Oh, I can't stand guys name cleanest. Remember cleanest board third basement the Yankees know you don't know the cleanest black men treasure and director of missions that they grew back this association which overseas 39 Baptist churches in Janoski's town.
That's that Christian Exodus focus on taking over the government bodies will appeal to the majority of the region's Christians.
You don't find the word control in the scriptures. He said the basic mission of the churches to proclaim God's redeeming love through the example of Jesus Christ in other words kill all your enemies.
This is nearly this is five sixteen.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q. A.M.
I've got another obsession to break.
Now wait.
On my main night's ever come home late.
I'm dressed in wood.
Football season begins.
We'll be soon.
Cause then I'm feeling so fast.
The best, the best.
The best thing on not to.
Cause then I'm feeling so fast.
The best, the best thing on not to.
When I watch it gets confused.
Which of these players in that show?
Well, for God's sake.
I can't describe how I'm dressed.
I'm mad at how I go.
With my hands looking at the red.
They're still playing to me.
With my hands looking at the red.
I'm dressed in my outfit.
Cause then I'm feeling so fast.
The best, the best thing on not to.
Q.
The best, the best, the best thing on not to.
One more time.
Q.
30.
A.M.
His whole summer scheme is almost over already.
That's bad.
It went by like a flicker or a finger.
Not fast enough.
When by like a bolt of lightning.
Speaking of looters and other slime balls who want to be shot.
West Park.
Do you know where West Park is?
In Hollywood.
Oh, that's where you live there, Sue.
And I never heard of West Park.
All the years I've lived eight million years in South Florida.
I never heard of West Park till this moment near Hellendale Beach.
On my way, Winimum, it says it's hurricane Katrina was making its landfall.
Near by Hellendale Beach last Thursday.
The outlaws were breaking into a locked pawn shop.
The BS.
Oh, said today.
Once inside the group gathered and fled with more than $30,000.
I was working to mention that.
Including 28 firearms.
How do you like that?
Detector said the break and occurred between 9 p.m. Thursday and 6 a.m. Friday at the A&B pawn.
2103 South State Road 7.
Well, how unusual a pawn shop on State Road 7.
The birderers severed the power lines leading into the shop to silence the alarms.
Cut off phone service to the building.
The owner of the building was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who
Come on Josh, number 28, you know what I'm stuck on that. Oh my God.
Did I say the cardinals, the Rams, the same those Rams? Oh, Marshall Falk. Marshall Falk. Oh, I'm excuse me. Do I have to dump on it? Huh?
Anyway, they were interviewing him and the broad on the silence here. You're gonna have broads on the silence. At least make them hot. Make them attractive. Make them worth looking at because their bubble heads anyway.
They wouldn't know what football if you shoved one up their ass. But this brought on him and she was nasty looking. Who was that? Do you have any idea who that is?
But she has short hair. How the hell do I know she's got short hair? I didn't look there. If I said the name, would you would it ring a bell? No. Okay. Well, just try it anyway. Suzy Colver. Oh, that might be it. You don't like my idea. What? What's what's wrong? I don't know who it was, but she was ugly, man. She was nasty looking. Not as ugly as our president. The federal state and local government. Yeah, we know. Look at that. What is he? Where is he standing? Well, what is all that? What is that? Like a picture of a water behind him? Well, what is that? Are you looking at this? Look like a battle ship.
Huh? That's another battleship for quite a lot of what it says on there. We still think we won. Anyway, the great the gang, Greg 28 revolver, semi automatic handguns, shotguns, semi automatic rifles. In addition, they took computers, laptops. Oh, don't even get yourself in a computer over there. All right. Free TV, stereo system, video games, movie DVDs and a large amount of pond lawn equipment. Oh, maybe they can open up another one or lawn services. Yeah. Detectives believe a box type mid-sized truck may have been used.
To hollow away the stolen goods. The shop owners discovered the burglary the following morning. Anyone with information about the identities of these suspects and where they're whereabouts should contact Broward crime stoppers. Anonymously, of course, if you value your life at nine five four four nine three tips. Okay. How do you like that? Exploiting everybody else's suffering in misery. I'm going to say it again. People do stuff like this and looters all of this stuff. Motor crap away, man. Do they do the human race of tremendous?
The service when it out like Pat Robertson would say take them out or speak into him. Matthew Robinson not to be confused with Pat Robertson says then as well of the seek legal action against Robertson. Oh, right. Maybe they just ought to take them out to lunch. Yeah, to dinner. Maybe they can take them out with what's his name with the canola's E.I. Wallach. Oh, yeah.
Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez said Sunday his government would take legal action against Pat Robertson potentially seek his extra edition after the US evangelist calls for Washington to assassinate the South American leader.
Robert and the leader of power. I'm sorry. I could just see that. Yeah. Robert's in a later over just like a hymen Rothman. Just like Meyer Lansky. Deport his ass. Israel. Yeah, Israel. Take him. One thing about the Israelis, man. Anybody who'll kiss their ass. Anybody who sucks up to them. Oh, come on in.
You know, very sad. Robertson, who later halfheartedly apologized for their marks. He was expressing his frustration, which Chavez is constant accusations against the administration of President George W. Bush. I announced that my government is going to take legal action in the US to call for the assassination of a head of state as an active terrorism.
Chavez said a televised speech and he happens to be absolutely correct. The fiery left wing critic of Bush's foreign policy who frequently charges the West government is plotting to kill him called Robertson crazy and a public menace. And once again, he is.
The correct. He said Venezuela could seek Robertson's extra edition under international treaties and take its claim to the UN if the Bush administration didn't act.
Robertson, powder, they Christian coalition leader of the Christian right that's back. Bush said on Monday that if Chavez thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we really ought to go ahead and do it.
The fence secretary, Rumsfeld, here I'm garing said political assassination was against the law and I US policy. Although we're famous for having done it many times over the years. Relations between Chavez and the US top buyer of the OPEC nation's oil have deteriorated since Chavez survived a brief 2002 coup. He says was backed by US authorities.
Sounds like Salvador are you and they all over again. Washington says it's not plotting to kill Chavez and the eyes involvement in the coup. Of course, Chavez said on Friday, Bush would be to blame if anything happened to him.
In the past, he said Venezuela, the world's third largest oil exporter would cut sales to the US if he was assassinated a close ally of Fidel Castro. Chavez presents himself or flimber revolution is an alternative to US policies in the region. Washington says Chavez is a negative influence who uses oil profits to fund anti-democratic groups in South America while becoming more authoritarian at home. Thank God we don't have authoritarian leadership in this country, a in your country. Excuse me. US civil rights activists, why get to the Jesse Jackson thing Jesse Jackson, say every now and then Jesse says something that makes sense to us.
In Ryan, no less. Yeah, and he always says it in rhyme just in time because get rid of that slime. John Dean writes, remember John Dean. No, come on of Watergate fame.
So that's John Dean. All right. Sorry. It's wrong. We do you know Jimmy Dean. Yeah, I do. And there's a bigot sandwiches and I know. That Dean. Yeah. How's how are you doing? By the way?
No, Democrat Democrats are scared crap. We see just a little bit too honest for the rest of Democratic party for the quizzlings, the weasels in the Democratic party. John Dean writes was Pat Robertson's call for assassination of a four liter or crime question mark.
And he's got a whole but I'm not going to read all of that stuff because it's very long and very boring about the legal stuff. Just a little bit little tease and you can read the whole thing on our website. I'm sure right Josh. That's right.
On Monday, August 22, the chairman of the Christian Broadcast Network, Mary and Pat Robertson. I didn't know her name was Mary and proclaimed on his 700 club. Hey, Pat.
You're fair. His 700 club television show that Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez should be murdered. Don't forget John Wayne's first name was Mary and two. Huh? That's right.
More specifically, Robertson said, you know, I don't know about this.
This document of assassination referring to the American policy since the presidency of Gerald Ford against assassination to foreign leaders.
But if Chavez thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we really ought to go ahead and do it. It's a whole lot cheaper than starting a war.
And I don't think any oil shipments will stop. We have the ability to take him out Robertson continue. I think the time has come that we exercise that ability.
We don't need another $200 billion dollar war to get rid of one, you know, strong arm dictator. It's a whole lot easier to have some of the covert operatives do the job and get it over with.
When in doubt, take him out. Robertson then found himself in the middle of a media firestorm initially denied call for Chavez to be killed, claimed he'd been misinterpreted.
But in the age of digital recording, Robertson couldn't flip flop his way out of his own statement. He said what he said by Wednesday, Robertson was backing down.
I didn't say assassin. I said, our special forces to take him out. He claimed that as Wednesday show take him out could be a number of things, including kidnapping.
No one bought that explanation either. So Robertson quietly posted a half apology on his website. It's only a half apology because it's clearly doesn't really mean to apologize.
But rather still seeks to rationalize and justify his dastardly comment, a dastardly deed from the moment I heard Robertson's remark on the radio.
I thought of the federal criminal statutes for having such threats. Do they apply for me? The answer is yes.
Indeed, had these comments been made by a Dan Rather or Bill Moir's or Jesse Jackson, it isn't difficult to imagine some conservative prosecutor taking a passing look at these laws as they pet Robertson might read them and saying, let's prosecute.
And then it goes on all the law and the stuff you can read it on the O'Rodgers.com. No dirty pictures. We're sorry. But if we put them on there, Eric's going to jail.
And you probably will too if you look at him. So no, we can't say crap anymore. Although the FCC is very concerned about the important things like a crap.
In fact, where is that story I have about how the FCC isn't going to investigate Pat Robertson? Oh, no, here it is. It's right here. It's the next story after the break. Jesse Jackson, no, let's talk about it.
Now, they can't investigate when somebody breaks the laws and calls for the assassination of a duly elected foreign leader on his television program over the year.
But if somebody says crap or shows a booby on there or like a nipple, you're going to jail. We're going to find you 80-consonant dollars. How do you like that?
We're going to cut off your privates. You perverts, you deviates. The Lord is pealed with you, man. Pist off and fired up.
I wonder what Pat Robertson is going to say about what they're doing. Well, New Orleans is a lot of drunks there.
Honestly, it's got his pissed off. And all you drunks, all you degenerates and nollies, man. Although he missed Disney World. I want to know.
I always tell you he's got bad aim. Yeah, he'll get shooted straight. Maybe Peter North could give God some lessons.
Turn around. Every time I drive my car into a gas station, the price is all in coming down.
Every now and then I try to make it to work with my gas gauge, reading Joseph of the era.
Maybe I should call my boss and take a day off and go and drink all the peace I can buy.
Every now and then I get to wondering how the gas prices have risen so high.
Around my car. You feel it up, I have to get a run around my car.
Why would the forty-throwers of bones not enough cash in the bank?
I am counting shades like a shum. What good the quarter of a tank to buy the two gold to the pound.
If all company's worry for chums, gas prices would slowly get better.
If the Sony's who are holding the line, don't you remember what they did to us last time?
I don't know what to do. We have to get to work. We're going out of gas in all the cars so...
We have to get back. We're not getting it from our eyes.
We're the waste of better time.
Once you've fallen a time like a tree filling up, and now I take a fuss like a shum.
I don't know what to do. I'll still rip off that the pound.
I'll still rip off that the pound.
I'm dying out there.
Thank you Mr. President. Thanks again, profusely, for those low bargain-basement gas prices.
We can fill up our tank now once every six months.
Here's a picture of Michael Jackson with a schmata head over there.
Mohammed bin Suri, Sulayim, with Goyam in the United Arab Emirates in Dubai.
That's where he finally surfers now after getting off from that trial, so to speak.
He's believed to have traveled from Bahrain to Dubai in August 20th.
At any rate, one thing about those ragheads, they never met a slime ball.
They didn't cozy up to it. You notice that?
One good slime ball. It's like water, you know,
Seats its own level, likes attract, all of those other cliches, happens to be.
That's the only correction.
There's a picture of your friend Michael Jackson with a raghead.
Now speaking of other people, the Reverend Jesse Jackson offered support for President Hugo Shabbat Sunday,
saying that a conference assassination by Pat Robertson was a criminal act,
and that Washington and Venezuela should work out the differences to diplomacy.
Not by murder.
The US Civil Rights League condemned last week's suggestion by Pat Robertson.
That American agent should kill the leftist Venezuelan leader,
calling the conservative commentator statements immoral and ill-eagle.
Jackson urged US authorities to take action and said the US government must
chew diplomacy over any threats as sabotage, or isolation, or assassination.
We must choose a civilized policy of rational conversation, he said.
He told reporters at a news conference.
How do you rhyme that? Rational, I don't know.
But here is the part that I was getting through.
The FCC must prohibit such threats on the airwaves said Jackson,
who arrived Saturday for a... this isn't Caracas, no less.
Who arrived in Caracas Saturday for a visit along with members of his rainbow push.
Coalition, see, they're pushing it.
I hope the FCC does not remain silent regarding what Robertson said, Jackson.
They're more concerned about Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell and that booby flap.
They're concerned about that.
They're concerned about a booby flap and I'll say him crap.
That's what they care about at the FCC.
And we got to take the rap, okay?
Okay.
But some guy goes on a year, a nationwide worldwide,
and is calling for the assassination of some human being.
And the FCC, they're too busy, okay?
They're too busy. Did somebody say, a ice hole on the air?
Did somebody say it?
But I mean, but it would... the Howard Stern, you know,
they do something with boobies.
Oh, you know, when you're going to grow up already, okay?
Speaking of when is America going to grow up here?
It just never, ever stops.
Now, better you than me.
So I can tell you.
Yeah.
You want to live in a fascist country?
Congratulations to you.
Anybody else out there listening to me right now,
who wants to live in a fascist country?
Congratulations.
You've achieved your life long goal.
You're in it.
Woodstock, New York,
singer Art Garfunkel, did you see this?
No.
Art Garfunkel, who pleaded guilty last year
to pop position upstate in New York,
was charged again Sunday after a marijuana cigarette
was allegedly found in the ash tree of his car.
State police said,
How do you like that?
He's in trouble.
There's Rob Marciano on CNN,
standing there in the middle of Gulf,
by Mississippi somewhere in the middle of all those trees
and debris and refuse.
It's unbelievable.
Take off your clothes, Rob.
The 63-year-old Garfunkel, who lives in Manhattan
was charged after being pulled over
for failing to stop his vehicle at a stop sign.
The daily free man of Kingston reported today.
The daily free man.
Was that Freeman?
Harder.
Freeman Godson?
Wasn't he one of like,
what was Freeman Godson in Charles Correra?
They're like Amos and Andy?
I don't know.
As Spokobry and Hilo.
I will.
Upon approaching Garfunkel's car,
a trooper noticed a strong odor of marijuana.
You can walk outside and I do it right here.
It's on the streets of a strong odor of marijuana.
Nobody cares.
Because you're in that degenerate place.
That is correct.
That is absolutely correct.
Anybody that's gone to like 34 race tracks in his life
and has got double the number of tracks over a race track.
He's in a like, hang Goldberg.
I'm pretty proud of myself.
You notice how he didn't want to give the number?
You notice that?
No, I didn't.
He was very reluctant given that number out.
No problem, Hank.
You're in the, still in the big leagues.
I'm like in the major major league.
If you can ravily degenerate like this,
34 race tracks.
But Hank said he's okay.
18.
He's like in the, kind of like the middle leagues,
like the American Hockey League.
Anyway, a proud of approaching Garfunkel's car.
Trooper noticed a strong odor of marijuana.
Subsequent search turned up a joint in the ass rate.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
He was injured in ticket is due back in Woodstock town courts
of 10th or 22th.
In January 2004, Garfunkel was charged with marijuana
possession after state police stopped his limousine
for speeding in the Ulster County town of Hurley,
which is near Woodstock,
some 55 miles southwest of Albany.
During that stop,
police found a small amount of pot in Garfunkel's jacket.
The next month he played a gully pay $200 and fines.
Oh, we're fine.
Garfunkel would pass and to meet up the legendary duo.
No kidding.
Oh, yeah, we know the song.
I know who they are.
Who the hell wrote this?
This from A&P?
Yeah, associated press.
You Boseos, you idiot.
You're fair.
Like we're all bunch of children.
You know, just like the way,
like the way the media talked to us on television.
They talked out of the public like we're all bunch of
babbling idiotic morons.
Couldn't they do like split screen have half of the broadcast
of those people and, huh?
And the other part of the screen delivered to the rest of us
who've got IQ larger than our thumbnail.
You Boseos, 26 pass noon at 560 WQA.
And we got the mole mice to come along with two thoughts.
Nor how are you doing?
The best haircut you've ever seen.
Roger.
Coming up tonight,
an inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity
in the Sepography profile story.
There's some redefine music in the 90s.
And their lead singer, often self.
So their placing music history was definitely assured.
They were Nirvana.
Yeah, Kurt Cobain's here was a tragic figure.
Former Nirvana bandmate, the food fighters dayd grow.
The drugs and the depression.
Towards the end he needed money to rego bad tonight.
For the first time, you'll see the long suppressed
infomercial made by desperate Kurt Cobain in his final days.
Hi, all you grunt, you kid.
How would you like to have Kurt Cobain's voice
on your very own answering machine?
Well, now you can.
For only 1995 Kurt will record a custom
outgoing message just for you.
Just with it.
Hello, this is Kurt Cobain.
Roger can't come to the phone right now.
Does he probably and court the love?
Oh,
court.
Why do I let you rip me apart like this?
Card.
Yeah.
Or maybe you for one like this.
Hey, this is Kurt Cobain.
Sandy can't take your call at the moment.
He's pulling her hair out trying to understand my lyrics.
I'm sure he brought them.
Sandy and there's this love.
Kurt Cobain here.
Jim is in here right now.
And he promised he'd bring me my antidepressants.
Hurry up, Jim.
Who is Kurt Cobain on your answering machine?
Call 1-800-NEVER-MINE.
That's 1-800-NEVER-MINE.
You'll be glad you did or not.
Nirvana.
I've heard about rock stars trading crack for a visit sex
behind a dumpster.
But an infomercial?
That's sick.
It's a big juicy, sapping with look at show business tonight.
On inside of a hurry.
2220-1-560 WQM.
These dolphins man and former dolphins and current dolphins
and ancient dolphins.
They got some problems.
You see my Jarvis Williams?
Nope.
Not you.
No, I did not.
Orange Park Florida.
That's like Orlando, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Where the hell is Orange Park?
In that Clay County, where does the Orlando is Orange County?
Maybe that's why I'm thinking Orlando is Orange.
Maybe it's like Yewler.
And anyway, former dolphins safety.
Jarvis Williams was in stable condition yesterday.
After he was shot in the back early Sunday in nightclub parking lot.
Williams, former dolphins player,
spent 88-93 with the dolphins.
Infinite, that's the dolphins.
Infinite's NFL career 94 with the New York Giants
was running to safety when he was hit in the back.
Then Murray Justino, the Clay County Sheriff's Orphus spokesman.
He was not the intended victim just in the city.
Pretty much this guy hit by a stray bullet.
That's the Florida F&W, man.
Anybody who looks flying everywhere.
The 40-year-old Williams was taken to Shann's Jacksonville,
where they collapsed long after the bullet went through into his back,
through his lung, and lodged in a shoulder, Justino said.
James Pontea had been fighting with two other men in the parking lot
when he brandished the weapon and shot Williams.
After initially fleeing the scene, Pontea turned.
I wonder if he's kind of kind of Sydney Pontea.
Spelled the same way.
He's a frog.
Turned himself in later Sunday.
He was charged with aggravated assault
and was being held at Clay County jail.
Yes, sir.
How do you like that?
For Jarvis Williams, wrong place.
Wrong time.
Dauphin, you know, that just goes to Shoya.
Being a member of the Dauphin's president or past,
you could actually wind up as a member of the WQM sales department.
Draw.
What could be a favor worse than that, right?
And pump out some of the worst copy I've ever seen in my life.
Boy, between him and Fat Boy, Fat Boy and Troy.
That's funny.
I just got the new and improved copy from Fat Boy.
Oh, did you really?
Hey, nice going, Fat Boy.
And not only that, but you're a witness to it.
He, you know, he feeds that to me like while I'm on the air.
So I have no chance to like proofread it,
take a look at it, pee on it, do anything with it.
You know what I'm saying?
Like you start correcting.
Like that's my job to start correcting the crap
that he feeds over here.
You're an idiot, Fat Boy.
Take your boyfriend with you.
Okay.
Now here's the facts from Will, which I knew I'd get around to.
Says check out the IMD description for the 1990 movie.
The Handmaid's Tale.
See that?
Yes, I thought you did.
Yeah.
No good.
It was okay.
It made some really good points, but you know, as a movie,
it was little mild week.
Says this movie has the West Flitting Into A Religious Theocracy.
It sounds like the activity in South Carolina,
where historically the West Civil War began it for something.
Nice going, Will.
This movie came from a book by Canadian Margaret Atwood,
following a cool America as a country still a war with itself
and ruled by a repressive, viable, inspired regime.
All it sounds like right now,
she must have been psychic, must have been a pression,
just like a patty trashky.
Will also says Robert DuVoluzin is a commander,
speaking of Donald Fabelli,
with a canola guy in 1990,
DuVoluzin had been working on Godfather 3.
He and Sonny allegedly contributed to the new EA Godfather
video game.
Whatever that means.
You got it?
I don't have it.
I'm aware of it.
Well, if it's a Godfather video, it might be violent.
Gosh, I'd go out and get it right away.
I know there was violent video games.
Shame on you, Josh.
Cortist.
No wonder you have to keep moving every week.
That's right.
They're after me.
They found out I got by the video game police.
They're knocking on his door at 3 in the morning every night.
Now, I was speaking of that.
This story is just incredible.
Talk about stupid people.
Savannah, Georgia.
Not that they're stupid people in Savannah.
Do you understand?
In Georgia.
I don't care what anybody says.
Georgia is the dumbest bunch of mother-ever's
that ever came down to Pike, man.
Georgia, am I right?
I'm not arguing.
When they still have segregated senior proms,
they're still moving in the distant past.
Oh, look at that.
Nice going, Pat Boyne.
He still doesn't do it right.
Yeah.
Pick it, maybe.
Pick it.
Oh, that's the beastly steam song.
Let me just write this in here like that.
You still can't get it right, Pat Boyne.
I'll just pick it.
I'll take the bull by the way.
Do it any of you.
You're a quizzling.
I think maybe all the fat has gotten above the neck level.
It's gotten to his brain, whatever it is left.
Anyway, Savannah, Georgia.
Michael Lyons apparently had a funny practical joke plan
for his daughter, birthday.
In the end, nobody was laughing, especially Lyons.
I wonder how Ed Lyons is doing at Bob Desbecker
from St. Louis, from the record stories.
To work for a Rochester 100 years ago, huh?
I think they're still alive.
Who?
Lyons 45 was the Midtown Records in Rochester.
Everybody in the Rochester?
Don't call them.
Since they closed down Don and Bob's forget about it.
Lyons 45 was arrested after he told a 13-year-old girl
to hand a note to a bank teller police.
The note said, give me all your money.
This is a stick-up, Coordinate Police Report.
The incident happened Friday when Lyons and a group of girls
were celebrating his daughter's birthday.
While he was getting money out of an ATM,
the girl went into the bank, handed the note to a teller.
The teller sounded the bank's alarm and police and FBI
surrounding the building, a surround of the building.
Instead of robbers, they found Lyons and the girls.
Having a lark, man, Lyons was charged with criminal attempt
of robbery by intimidations as the vanishant and meant for violence.
Police spokesman Bucky Bernsett, or is that Bernseed,
or Turn of Seed, you can't yell firing a crowd of theater,
can't joke about a bomb in your luggage to the airport,
and you can't write a note to a cashier that says,
this is a stick-up, he said.
That was like a little prank on his birthday.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
R-R. Yeah, really cute.
56670560, pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless line.
We're looking for a good movie from the last two years
and damn it, it ain't easy to find one.
The best movie of 2004, 2005, that's our poll today.
459 votes, our goal is 460.
Can we do it?
We can do it.
Let me refresh it.
That's our goal for the whole show.
460, nice going folks.
Oh!
Fahrenheit 9, 1120.
They all suck 50.
Didn't see any 38.
Wedding crashes, 29.
The incredible 29.
Kill Bill Vyme 2, 23.
You told me I wouldn't like that.
No.
Star Wars 3, 22, Rade 20, Spider-Man 2, 18.
Batman M.E.G.N. 16.
I won't like that.
Pax of the Christ 16, Sin City 15,
Cinder-Rellaman 10.
The Born Supremacy 8 is great.
How much he surprises a lot of people in those movies, you know what?
Yeah.
My Damon, what do you think?
Because he's so butch so much when those movies, deadly.
A manly hero who does all these manly things.
Ben Affleck says he does a lot of manly things.
Behind closed doors, hits 7.
Now what's that song by Charlie Rich?
Behind closed doors, isn't that the name of the song?
I'll keep it up.
You got it?
I don't know.
See, I'm obsessed now with that time-life, with those music CDs.
And because they keep showing those over and over.
And even the country one, which I hate most country music.
Some of it's pretty good though.
Here you go.
Charlie Rich.
You son of a bitch?
There's Charlie Rich.
Get out of here, Charlie.
Seven for it.
Nice white hair though.
Don't you like his hairstyle?
Lovely.
51st-8.6.
Troy's got five.
War of the World's Four.
The Broken Flowers Three.
Collateral Three.
Chocolate Factory's got a pair.
Find Helsing, too.
Now I knew his name, so that's a bad sign for me.
Oh, I found it.
I found it.
Don't tell me.
Give me what's his first name.
Hang on.
Oh, yeah.
I want to hear it.
Add word.
End word.
Oh, I don't tell me.
Three word.
Three word.
They have.
Ben Sloan.
Yes.
Edward von Sloan.
How could you forget, Henry, was so damn good.
On Helsing, come here.
The Punisher Two, day after tomorrow, two eye robot two.
The Devil rejects one.
Robots one.
Mr. Mrs. Smith has got one.
Is that about Will Smith?
No.
Good.
Madagascar one.
Kingdom I have it on one.
Nobody knows one.
Constantine Gardner is out tomorrow.
It's already got one.
Downfall one.
Phantom of the Opera One.
Hellboy one.
And none yet.
Oh, Hellboy.
It needs to be the board off before Josh.
Still for none.
On leash, none.
Look at me.
None.
Another friend of George.
Head on.
None in my summer love.
Out of 464.
464 votes on a pull.
Our goal is 465.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 569 AF.
Movie sucks.
This season, my court is in being eaten.
Track my movie shouldn't even be.
John.
They all suck.
I don't like movie.
Say I suck.
I don't like movie.
John vs. Knud.
I don't like movie.
I hope they go.
The theatre is down.
The star is down.
The scene is down.
The scene is down.
The scene is down.
The scene is down.
The scene is down.
Do you hear?
I hope they go.
The theatre is down.
Look at the tears spitting out crumbs in Ben Afloy.
I get that no fair conclusion.
in that it's a mad damen and been a fly well maybe all three of them what about
them i'm just wondering which one is uh... the top which one is the bottom
it was the middle and now that we got all three of them didn't we have like a
nice
a Hollywood sandwich
u.s. abstinence drive hurts aids fights as you an official in johannis
bruce out of the u.s. government emphasis on abstinence only programs
to prevent ages hobbling
africa's battle against the pandemic by downplaying the rule of condoms
all the Pope i bet is p.o. about this the nazi pope you know the one with the
evil look on his face the mask of evil
steven louis the one secretary general special on board for h.i.v. a.d.s. in
africa said
fundamental as christian ideology was driving was an age assistance program
known as pep far with disastrous results
including condom shortages in u ganda
the bush administration favors prevention programs that focus on abstinence
rather than condom use
and is more than double-funding for us abstinence only programs over the past five
years
as part of jorge w.w. bush's
global aids plan the u.s. government's already budgeted about eight million
this year for abstinence only projects in u.s. and human rights groups be
saying
activists in both u.s. and the u.s. and the country is now in the grip of condom
shortage so severe
that men are using plastic garbage bags
in effort to protect themselves
or you can relate to that saran rap
there's no question my mind of the fauna that he said
yep there is no question in my mind that the condom crisis in u.s. and is being
driven and exacerbated by pep far
and by the extreme policies that the administration is in u.s. is now pursuing
and the emphasis on abstinence louis told your listening teleconference
that the sturtion of the preventive apparatus is resulting in great damage
and undoubtedly will cost significant numbers of infections
which should never have occurred
many health experts say condoms are the most effective ball work against aides
the official of the u.s. global aids coordinator which administers pep far
did not uh... immediately return call seeking comment i can't imagine why
you've got to have been praised for cutting HIV infections
the rate from about six percent today from thirty percent the early nineties
a rare success story
and effort is battle against the disease but the president of u-ganda
his government is coming under criticism for sideline in its condom policy and
will move that activist high
the pressure from watching into its pep far program of course from the hope
all these other crazy flat earth lunatics the religion is the god squad
uh...
hide under the bed maybe not because of the hurricane because the god squad is
out there and they take over the whole freaking world they're crazier than a
bed bug
they're dangerous
you know we used to read about the crusades in the acquisition like it was
like ancient history and it was something of the past
yes again surprise look out there
my my my look out now
what we got on that poll on trying to stimulate a little bit of response here
today
if these people uh... for eighty five we got a shot of five hundred day jack
before you move the next time we might get to five under votes
uh... not like that one thirty
army contract official i could take some more calls here but you know something
i don't feel like it
because we got this week and next week for these two weeks you know
and i just feel like i got to uh... do my duty man
right to the pile
got into a big pile i do have a big pile
look at this geeks get cheap to japan east flicks for that's for later on
army contract official critical of the nether's geeks not good so that would
that good so you know what you know me army contract official critical of
how about impact is the motive you see this is what's going on in the u.s.a.
all of that guess futures store
home this winter it could be dramatic one analyst predicts pump prices will jump
for the ten cents this week alone to a national
nation-wide average of two seventy five a gallon and don't that on the normal
drop in prices following labor day
certainly delayed this year
how long the higher prices last depend on how seriously pipeline to refinery
yeah right like we're going to get an honest estimate of what we
this is just the rate of the public baby the rate you're being raped ok
and supposed to smile about it
you get a real hoes job man with a big huge to get your gas tank
so hoes job
oh that's the upon bitch from cnbc she got stolen away that the cat they hate her
like poison
you're on wall street
sauce test had to be about that bit sometime it was you she would croak a wicked
death at any rate
of top army contracting official to criticize the large non-competitive contract
with a halibut company for working in rack was demoted saturday for what the
army called poor job performance
the official
bonan teen h green house what kind of a name is that
is worked maybe they call him funny for sure
her i say if
has worked in military procurement for twenty years and for the past several years
he had been the chief overseer of contracts at the army court of engineers
the agency that has managed much of the reconstruction work in iraq
the demotion removes her from the elite senior executive service
and reassigned to a lesser job in the core civil works division
miss greenhouses lawyer michael cone called the action obvious reprisal for the
strong objections he raised in two thousand three to a series of court
decisions involving the halibut and subsidiary kellard brown and root
which has guarded more than ten billion dollars work in iraq
we don't understand why we went into a rack well there's a good part of the answer
right there for you okay
oil animal was i saying there are the early days of the racontech
all i l and m o any why okay
following the bouncing balls that's what it's all about
they can be read halibut in which is based in texas as we know
she's being devoted because of restricted hearings to procurement
procurement requirements and the army's preference to side-step them whenever
it suits their needs mr. cone said he also said the army
advided a commitment to delay miss greenhouses dismissal
until they completion of an inquiry by the pentagon's inspector general
carol sander spoke for them for the army court of engineers had
sunday that the personnel action against miss greenhouse
have been approved by the department of the army and in the memo dated
june third two thousand five is the motion was being arranged the commander of
the core lieutenant general carol a struck no relation to former dolphins
mediocre quarterback don struck said the administrative record clearly
demonstrates that miss greenhouses removal from the scs is based on her
performance and not only retaliation for any disclosures of alleged
imperfections that she may have made i shouldn't say mediocre quarterback wasn't
the quarterback and like one greasy got injured more of those super bowl years
yeah he did just fine nice going down boy well he's a good buddy of amended so
don't act on struck he's weak known as a stickler for the rules on competition
miss greenhouses initially we see stellar performance ratings mr. cone said
but her reviews became negative at roughly the same time
she'd be getting objecting to the decision she saw as improperly favoring
cat a favoring kell log brown and root often she hand wrote a concerns on the
contract documents a practice that core leaders called on professional and
confusing in october two thousand four general
struck citing two consecutive performance reviews that called miss greenhouse
an uncooperative manager informed her that she would be demoted as greenhouse
fought the emotions for official channels and publicly described her clashes with
core engineer leaders over a five year seven billion dollar oil repair
contract awarded a kell log brown and root she had argued that if urgency
required a nobid contract it's the ratio should be brief i didn't like that in
other words she's getting away you're interfering you messed up all our plans
just like tescio said you messed up all my plans well how's tescio doing uh yeah
bunch of lunatics maniacs graver robbers and the public sits back but it
but it moved but about there what time is the next uh you know real uh
well once the gaudy show on again growing up throwing up gaudy
when's the next reality tv show on they've got they've got the public so screwed up
in a head man and you people in the media ought to all be on death row
including those graver robbers at cnbc that helps us steal everybody's life savings
and it's just see this is the thing this is the mezes me americans are so passive now it's like
you can pull any crap over on them that they want and they'll put up with anything
they're even shopping at walmart anyway i get excited a little bit i'll stop good
don't do it no it hits the dog days baby it's the last it's the pre-its the labor day weekend
coming up people are interested in getting all been out of shape they just survived through
another nasty hurricane another reason to get the hell out of florida man get out before it
before it's too late tempest brews over quotes on starbucks cup did you see this note
you will now this is from the eciadal times starbucks says it was hoping to inspire
old-fashioned coffeehouse conversation when i introduced a campaign this year featuring words
of notable americans on its coffee cups sounds reasonable to me
but at least a few of those words are sparking more discord than discussion
on actual christian women there they go again those damn jesus christars again jesus christ
a national christian women's organization is accusing the ciavill based coffee maker promoting a
homosexual agenda because of a quote by armer author armer sted malpenn whose tales of the city
chronicle san francisco's homosexual community in the seventies and eighties mohpenn's quote one
of several dozen in the way i see it promotion says that it's only regret about being gay is that
he repressed it for so long i surrendered my youth to the people i feared when i could have been
out there loving someone don't make that mistake yourself likes to damn short concern women
of america which promotes itself as the antithesis of the national organization for women in other
words there the national organization against women and both eighty seven hundred supporters in
washington says most of those quote on the coffee cups are liberal how do you like that
the group believes that corporations have a responsibility reflected diversity their
customers by taking a balanced approach you know like fox news or staying out of a divisive
social issues altogether and while the group is not calling for a boycott if position nonetheless
raises questions about what rule if any corporations should take on potentially sensitive matters
especially at a time when the nation is divided largely long religious lines on issues such as
gay rights corporations have deeper pockets in therefore more influenced and individuals do
sit and read Richardson no relation to bobby Richardson former second baseman the Yankees state
director of concerned women for america of washington i think it's wiser for them to stay out of these
issues so that they don't offend conservatives and people of faith but you know what school conservatives
and people of faith how do you like that scrim for these companies she says if you want my money
support some of my causes but experts say that on controversial issues no company can please all
of its customers all the time corporations they say need to pick their battles sticking out
position done issues they believe to be just like that in juries for example they don't pull any
punches right right good liberal boys from her mom out there fighting for what's just in right
i want to see i had to go with that been in juries crap again you had to give me started
sorry no i'm just i i have an addiction to hoggondize banana nut i really out of suit them man
out of suit them for a billion dollars cannot stop eating that banana nut and the ice cream too
god is this you haven't had it yet nope don't well dry shnaf haven't had it
when you put that in the micro of man and like just get that nice and soft and bananae and nutty
mm and then when you sprinkle that cinnamon on there you know keep your blood sugar down as good as
possible wow okay what are we gonna pull so far we got our five hundred votes are well we got
a shot at five uh something today five oh one we got four ninety seven i bet you about one
o'clock we can get to five hundred votes on the pool do you think i'm gonna bet you josh's life
on it right now okay if we don't get to five hundred by one o'clock but i'm being that's it
then you won't have to you're only gonna have one more move to make okay and that's for your
nice dirt nap and then what's not but at least one thing you know when you make that move when
you make that move it's the last one unless of course you're Philip Spalding on grinding light or
if you get buried in Florida remember that story you know that was in Georgia was it we have a
bit of differences here too now but the main store was the one in Georgia he was like the
the undertaker whatever the hell you call those guys yeah he had a massive undertaking yeah he
was moving around and into the ground and some some not we're busy bodies body over here body
best movie of 2004 2005 do we have our five hundred votes to refresh that then we got two minutes
man and josh's life is hanging in the balance you people care for ninety eight they're pouring in one
at a time this is mea Roger this is five sixteen two eight but it's it's the one to two hour
three you may have jagged you had better shut up fast because if you don't all have to open a big
old channel whoopass hey Jenny tell me that whoopass can opener
go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go
into the door to the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go into the door to go
This is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a door, this is a
door, and a door, this is a door, and a door, the door, the door, he'll turn down the door, and a door
he'll get in, that door, he'll get in, that door, he'll get in, that door!
this never said go the world from dog's door, as far as writing is concerned that part
I don't want to go into it.
Oh, that all these pre-game and pre-pre-game.
Let me see.
Oh, we got Curtis and Troy at Gagy on Saturday.
Look at that.
Now, what is that for?
It's like before the game.
That's pre-
For the Metz Marlins game.
I see.
And then, oh, there it is.
After the game on Sunday, we got Marlins extra with Jesse Agler.
That's after the game.
Followed by Lenny Martez.
And you wonder why we have no numbers?
Holy cow, rat man.
Wow.
Ooh, Lenny Martez, my ass.
Volka Brian is going to be very excited.
He and I both will be the only ones old farts like us, old chicken neck.
Guess what TV show is coming back?
Let me give you a clue.
Ralph Edwards.
You still don't know how to do it?
No.
Oh, you read the word on slow and I knew that.
Yeah.
This is your life.
An audience favorite, which ran for nearly a decade in the 50s and 60s on NBC, is making a comeback in New Versailles.
ABC, this is your life.
The original series created and hosted by Ralph Edwards was a reality TV pioneer.
Each week, I don't know how to say reality show.
In this case, it is reality.
Because it's about real people and there were relatives and people that they never wanted to see again, but are forced to do it upon them.
Each week, a person was surprised with an often emotional recounting of his or her life by Edwards, friends and family.
In other words, they would take them somewhere under false pretense like if there's going to be some kind of a dinner they were going to walk in and be on stage.
The surprise, Donna Shore, this is your life.
And of course, Donna Shore was all PO because this is a true story.
Her real name was Fanny Rose Shore.
Okay.
We know that because she was being from the deep south.
She was in Verisbee and Jewish.
Okay.
So when she was on the air and they were bringing all her Jewish relatives and she was going like that.
Oh, I see the U.S.
Whatever.
Remember Donna Shore?
No.
The subject, why not?
The subject is varied from celebrities, prominent business figures to regular folks.
We are thrilled and reduced.
This is your life to a whole new generation of ABC viewers, executive Andrea Wong, said in the statement.
I hope she's right, but I think she might be Wong.
The original series was more than just one of America's best love TV shows.
It became a cherished part of the American vernacular.
Barca, this is your life.
Edwards began to show on radio then moved to NBC in 1952.
The reason I mentioned Barca is because Ralph Edwards also started to think the consequences was his show.
And you know who the host was?
Up to the consequences?
No.
Barca, I just got to tell you a man.
Then moved NBC in 1952 and made it to Network Till 61.
Cindicated versions aired briefly in the 70s and 80s.
The news shall be produced by Fox Television and Ralph Edwards Production.
Edwards now 92 lives in Los Angeles, won't be involved in the series.
Production shows yet to be getting out of the mess yet.
There's something to look forward to.
Okay, some reason for us to live.
This is your life.
This is your life, George.
Cortis, he moved 82 times in a six month period.
And by the way, Josh is still alive.
We got over to 500 of what's with plenty of spare boy.
They must like you a lot, man.
That's right.
You see them?
They were coming in there by the chunks.
They were terrified that we weren't bringing Beener Boy back.
Boy, that.
So probably most of the roads came from inside the building.
George is good post-personal friend.
Beener Boy.
You'll find him under an overpass near you.
Not any specific one.
Just around.
Here's the fact that says, oh, that's right.
It wasn't done.
Strocco was Earl Moral.
And downstruck sucked, like I said.
Earl Moral.
What was I thinking about?
Earl Moral.
Wasn't it the sheriff of Davey or something like that?
The mayor of the...
The sheriff of Okie-Finoki swamp.
What are you writing?
Sorry to correct you, but the quarterback who stepped in
and Bob Reesey went down in the perfect season was Earl Moral,
who later when I became, like it says, he was the mayor of Davey.
See, I told you, it was not done, Strocco.
I got no life.
I got no life.
Thank you very much.
You're right.
I knew it couldn't possibly be because downstruck was lame.
He was Marino's back up, right?
Well, Marino took over in A3.
Strocco was like 70s and early 80s.
He wasn't there when Marino was there?
I think maybe for...
Danny Boy?
Yeah, and like the very beginning of Dan.
I remember one time I was in W.I. and Z.
I had done struck on my show at night and didn't want him on his show.
But he was in the building for something or maybe in the daytime.
And he brought him in.
He said, oh, here, Neil, here's done struck.
Sit down, Don.
And have a chat with Neil.
I thought, what are you doing here?
You're a bozo.
You silly ass.
You're a pervert.
Jock.
You silly dumb giant.
He's a very good guy.
We like done struck.
He's one of Mad Dogs.
He's a good post of...
Oh, right.
...and he'll be not going to hold on struck.
Now, how do you say it?
Swaziland?
I usually don't.
Or Swaziland.
I wonder if that's a country named after John Cameron Swaziland, who takes a lickin' but
his heart keeps on ticking, even though he's been dead for many years.
Remember John Cameron Swaziland?
Of course not.
Time has watches.
It takes a lickin' but keeps on ticking.
I'm going to do a show for old parts, okay?
Why already in?
Just a joke, okay?
More than 50,000 bear-breasted virgins buy to become the king of Swaziland's 13th
wife on Monday in a ceremony which critics say, it'll be fits a country with the world's
highest HIV age rate.
His 13th wife.
That might be the unlucky number that doesn't mean, you know what?
A king?
Misswati III, sub-Saharan Africa's last absolute monarch, arrived dressed in a leopard-skinned
loin claw to watch the red-danned ceremony, which he has used since 1999 to pluck new
brides from the girls dressed in little more than beaded mini-scurrets.
Wheeling machete isn't synced to the king and queen mother, also known as the great
she-element.
The girls danced around the world state, even hopes of catching the eye of the 37-year-old
monarch.
I want to live a nice life, have money, be rich, have a BMW and a cell phone, said one
dancer, 16-year-old Zadwa Mamba, who were a traditionally traditional brightly-covered
tassled scarf.
Critic Misswati, who was courted controversy for his lavish lifestyle while two-thirds
of his sub-Saharan Africa's live an abject property, sets it kind of like the Saudis
it sounds like to me, sets a bad example by encouraging polygamy and teenage sex in a country
where 40% of the adults live with HIV.
Some say the reed dance traditionally meant to sell, is that the Greg reed dance?
Is that the one they're talking about?
Oh, yeah, we've heard about that.
Traditionally meant to celebrate womanhood and virginity has become a little more than
a showcase for the king's young would-be brides.
I heard that SCRUANN was doing that the reed dance once upon a time.
Is that just a rumor?
Huh?
That's what Troy told me.
The reed dance has been abused for one man's personal satisfaction, Mario Masuku, leader
of the band opposition party told Reuters, the king has a passion for young women in
opulence.
But many Suazis, or is that Suazis?
I wonder if Patrick Suazis was there.
He ought to be.
He makes me sick.
Say the young monarch has the right to do his he places defending his pension for young
brides as Suazid tradition arguing that ceremonies like the reed dance, which is just
you do a record of 50,000 maidens, cement national identity.
What an identity it is, too.
Ha ha.
The king takes a wife whenever he wants and that's the way it is.
This is our culture.
It will never change.
Said Sanjili Nidluba, 21 of the dancers.
They need a volumetric movement there in that country.
Not too many vowels in the words.
A lot of a concern.
Many maiden, what's her name?
I wouldn't have much to do in that country.
What's her name?
Banna.
Oh, you know what I haven't played in a long time?
Better pick me a letter.
Oh my God.
That.
So it's coming up.
See how I inspired myself, honey?
That's great.
I never miss Wheel of Fortune, man.
What a show.
Am I good on the disposal?
If I was as good a Wheel of Fortune would buy his I'm on a guest in the puzzle on the show,
I'd be a billionaire.
Many maiden, who come from villages across the country, dream of joining the king's wives,
who each have their own palace and BMW.
But others were scared catching the world I could curtail their freedom and force them into a polygamist marriage.
Marriage is about love, not money, said trainee police officer, patience, dameyani, who
jazzed up her traditional outfit with fake diamond necklace.
This thing of many wives is not good.
How does he satisfy them all?
Well, let's draw you a picture, sweetheart.
He has a major imagination.
Maybe he likes to go see Alice.
Speaking of Alice, hey, Alice, you fairy.
There's another one of your clients by the way, Norma, that's got a syndicated show that's on stations all over the place,
Alice, marginally no talent piece of the right wing turd.
I just mentioned that in passing, Norma.
I could have been a contender, I could have been something, I could have made an impact.
In the meantime, here I am talking about a stupid ass sports station.
Even one of our salespeople passed along the information that this is the only show he listens to on a radio station because sports radio sucks.
Remember that?
Yeah, don't say who though.
I don't want to mention that fat boy, sir.
Well, look, if anybody deserves a shot, it's him.
You know what I'm saying?
Even this copy, he read even a second.
The read on one points out to me how illiterate, how just idiotic.
I guess when he ate 85,000 calories a day, and has the, it just rots away whatever it was left of your brain.
You know what I'm saying?
I am how he.
Along with all that hanky, panky, it's crazy around.
And what do we have to get them off here?
Well, I think he scooted all up with all that funny business you were doing at talent fee.
That they moved.
Time.
All right.
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
That's who I am.
I will a mortgained game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Bank drop.
What do you mean bank?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't send to look.
Get fat, say jack again.
Won't throw in the towers.
Still like bio-bours.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Hey man, what do you mean there's no action for?
Ovena, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Even if that and all over Santa what?
Santa, I don't understand why you make a hundred grandmas for me to say.
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Gonna be young that we'll a mortgained game.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Go man, I don't think he's all right.
Hey, get out of my face, pal.
Get out of the way.
Hey, there now in that world.
Is it a low rider?
All right, let's go.
Forget the letter man, I'll take Vanna away.
You're beautiful, man.
You're a meek of leader home game.
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane.
All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game.
Yeah, I just look that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Vanna, pick me a letter.
Close the turn.
Hey, fast, lose it.
Vanna pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right, that is an over 10.
Vanna, I don't mean to stare.
But are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Get back to the jacket again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still live by your bowels.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Please, Vanna, pick me a letter.
All right, I'm ready to pick, baby.
Hey, Vicky, G.A.
Get your gale on the big one.
See me WXYB.
That's your cover, man.
All right, I'll take the top one.
The blender, the microwave, the refrigerator.
Hey, man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white five?
It's portable TV set.
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and uncle get up for your home sales.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man, all right?
Hey, Vanna, come on, baby.
Somebody idiots get on.
I chose contestants who like they have like almost all the letters they filled in.
They obviously know what the answer is.
Let me buy a vowel.
Let me buy an eye.
You know what I'm saying?
I think that's stayed when they're that dumb.
I mean, why is it throwing the money away?
You already know what it is.
There's only like a half a dozen at any rate.
546 votes.
If Josh were to really put his nose to the grindstone effect,
I think we could still do it.
We make six hundred during the show.
That would be one of the most incredible accomplishments in the history of the broadcasting business.
You know what?
And so we will.
We'll make six hundred.
We need 54 in 39 and in about 40 minutes.
We can do it.
We can make six hundred.
Now, if I would have told you to start the show on a day like a couple days after this hurricane weekend
and Labor Day, a pre-Labor Day Tuesday and all the other stuff,
all the other excuses that these slackards have got that we'd make 600 votes on a marginal pool like this.
You just said, yeah, Yamama, you're dreaming, man.
What kind of drugs are you doing beside ice cream?
That is my drug of choice.
Ice cream.
I'm addicted.
I make no bones about it.
I'm addicted in such a dastardly way.
And I'll say it again, sugar is so far more addicted than heroin,
than crack than anything else.
No, have you ever tried cracker heroin?
No.
Well, why don't you try them and let us know?
Okay, we'll do like a comparison.
Yeah, taste test.
Okay.
I've seen a cracker too.
That's what I heard.
I've seen a living in Florida.
Don't forget.
I've seen a few crackers myself.
Yeah.
548 in the sunshine state.
We got 52 to go into this.
This is exciting.
Now, see, this adds a little spice to another wide kind of colorless Tuesday.
Slightly more than half the country says President Bush should meet with Cindy Shee
and the mother of soldier here last year in Iraq,
Corn Duet, New Washington Post ABC News Pool.
The survey found that 52% of the public says Bush should talk to Shee,
and it was repeatedly asked for a meeting with the president,
while 46% says he should not.
53, now you see, here's the key number.
53% say they support what she's doing, 42% opposed the rations.
Got that?
All right.
Not good numbers for Al Presidente or his sicker fans, his supporters.
It's psychopaths.
Like the war in Bush's overall handling of a situation in Iraq,
attitude to what she and the Bible sharply along partisan lines,
7 and 10 Democrats say they support she is positioned on Iraq,
while equal proportion of Republicans opposed her.
You know, people are not confused with the truth that crowd.
I support our president.
That broad, man, the one they showed the other then,
she's a crazy person.
It's just a crazy person screaming and wailing.
In other words, it reminded me of that woman.
I'd love to have my son molested by Michael Jackson,
that same kind of a crap, you know.
And beyond it.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
554, we need 46 votes on there.
And of course the pool.
I mean, does it really make a difference what the pool is?
It's not at this point.
Does it really make a difference?
No.
It just goes.
It's just a challenge.
That's all.
Remember the $64,000 challenge with Ralph's story?
Of course not.
I remember it.
You do?
I saw that movie.
Oh, that's right.
What's the best movie of 2004, 2005 speaking of movies?
That was a bad movie, by the way.
What was it called, Quiz Show?
Yeah, it was.
It was made in the media open.
21 with Jack Berry with Elf Free Define,
Nardroff and Charles Randoran.
What a memory this man has, huh?
When I started telling, hey, I thought he was going to fall off the chair
which would have made a big burden at building.
When I started telling him about the race and about who finished their wear
and who's on first, I just couldn't believe how my mind is cluttered
with such crap.
And then when I said, well, don't forget, I work a QA man that explained it.
The best movie of the last two years, Fair and High 9, 1142,
hands down your pants, walks it three or four times, and we'll watch it again,
and just want to cry and scream.
They all walked 63.
Well, look at that.
Speaking of crying and screaming, look at the roof of the super dome.
What about it?
I knew that big chunks of it got peeled off, but the whole thing is gone.
Not the mix in the holes in it and all the rain that went pouring through.
It's a big wall.
Did you see that?
Conditions worsening inside the super dome and the water level in New Orleans is rising every hour.
It's broken arms and worse than that.
I just...
Lessons of people sleeping on the walkway outside the dome.
We saw a man jump through his death.
They say he appeared to be acting normally.
He was playing a game of dominoes on the second level and the second level bleachers
in the stadium inside the dome.
When he calmly got up, he asked two people on the floor below to watch out,
and then he jumped to his death.
Here.
How do you like that?
So what did he say?
Oh my God.
142 for a night and I don't know if they all sucked.
64.
Didn't see any.
Yeah, the house.
Come on.
When the weather's better.
Wedding crashes.
41.
The incredible 34.
Kill Bill by M226.
Ray.
25.
The Rachel Story.
Star Wars 3.
23.
Passion of the Christ 21.
Batman begins 20.
Spider-Man 2 20.
Sin City 16.
Sinder element 14.
The Born Supremacy with Macho...
I'm...
I'm...
I'm...
Hitch 8.
51.
8.
7.
Troy 7.
War of the World 6.
Broken Flowers 5.
Metagascar 3.
Constant Gardener's got 3.
It must already be out somewhere.
Maybe those people are all psychic.
Maybe they just know it's good.
I...
I can think of things like that.
Things you've never seen or had, but you know that they must be good.
Like what?
They have to be tomorrow 3.
In fact, that...
Rob Marciano, the weather guy, and see it in.
You know, they're in the middle of this human crisis, this catastrophe.
And they got him on there like a...
You know, with his shirt...
With the...
The first button opened out like he's almost as perfect, you know?
Yeah.
Pants are next, Rob.
Van Helsing 2, the Punisher 2, I robot 2.
The Devil rejects 1.
Robots 1.
Mr. Mrs. Smith 1.
Kingdom of Heaven 1.
Nobody knows 1.
Downfall 1.
Phantom of the Opera 1.
Hellboy 1.
So far, out of 565 volts.
We got a real shot here, folks.
Still, on least, look at me, hit on.
And my sub-er of love, I've all got the big.
Oh!
And you know the big...
Oh!
He's rock solid.
How's he doing, by the way?
Don't ever hear too much about him.
He's fine.
Is he fine?
That's what I hear.
You gotta have like a 75 share on there, like from 5 to 7 in the morning with no competition.
Let me just mention it again.
We don't discuss the trends anymore.
We feel a full rating book comes out in a couple of months.
But we suck pretty bad.
And Iod got a whole bunch of bogus stuff.
And especially the no-speakening glaze.
Because it was heavy hoolios in Hool-I.
But let me tell you, the other sports folks over there.
Yeah, I'm gonna tell you, Barry Jackass and Jim Sarton, you may have your heads inserted deep inside their...
Correct.
...go with Air at 790.
You couldn't measure their audience with a microscope.
With a magnifying glass.
With a Mount Palimar telescope, you couldn't find their crowd.
And I used the word crowd loosely, okay?
Loosely like Sammy Smith.
27 after 1.
I'm a little bit too agitated.
Don't let me forget about 140 to put my brat worst on the flavor wave.
I'll set my alarm.
Actually, about 145.
No, and in that break, the 140 break.
Because I put it under for like 16 minutes and it'll keep it warm.
Actually, what it says there is end when a little beat goes off at the end.
And then it says, in little tiny letters of warm.
In other words, the element is still on there.
Still keeping the stuff warm.
It's a beautiful thing.
What was the last time you really indulged yourself?
We used to go even longer.
Dalai Macrison's sir to want you to indulge yourself every night with Sirta's perfect night mattress line.
Right now when you call 1-800-MATRIZ, you can save up to 900 bucks off the Dalai Macri's factory direct prices.
The perfect night feature, Sirta's high school accounts, minus cruelty and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort.
The Sirta's service for a limited time, you're going to save out all sizes and comfort levels while supplies last.
Call 1-800-MATRIZ, get delivery with an A to R window that you pick, delivery that nobody else in the world would dream of offering you.
Chances are they've got the mattress you want in the size and comfort level you're looking for ready for a same day delivery.
And now after Katrina, man, if there are people out there that had damage to their mattress, here's the perfect way to replace it real fast.
Dalai Macrison's rank number one in customer satisfaction.
I've used him for years as his George and Moe and Miguel and even the illiterate fat board just to feed the QM folks who were satisfied customers, you will be too.
Don't put it off another minute. Call 1-800-MATRIZ right now or log onto their website, mattress.com.
Call today, be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. If the old mattress floated away or got destroyed by the hurricane, here's a way to replace it like I said just about immediately if not sooner.
Call 1-800-MATRIZ, 1-800-MATRIZ, leave off the last S-4 stupendous savings.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Fuck it in and hold it.
Bill Clinton never sang to the grand jury, but he's singing now on the hot new CD.
Bill Clinton croons his favorite tunes featuring the former president's versions of classic hits like this one from Pink Floyd.
Come and hear their girl have a cigar. I've gone a go far.
All the way, I hope. Bill Clinton croons his favorite tunes also includes this great Beatles song, Monica Lewinsky.
She's overweight, but she knows how to act on a date. Yes, she was great.
And this, the time party track from Mitch Rider and the Detroit Wheels.
She's the intern with the blue dress, blue dress, blue dress, intern with the blue dress on.
Wow!
At least fill up all the zipper.
If you bodily recall, when the oval office was rocking and nobody bothered knocking, then get your copy of Bill Clinton croons his favorite tunes today.
Nancy said bad thing about the Gipper is he couldn't find the zipper. It's 134, maybe that was a good thing.
And of course his son, you know, the ballet and 582, we need only 18 votes in the 20s.
And I think that's the exact same thing as that should be like a cakewalk, like a walk in a park doing.
You think, kind of like our invasion of Iraq, you know, to be waiting with the flowers and candy at two o'clock?
That's the accomplished.
That's right. Mo will be waiting with flowers and candy for us at two o'clock.
Don't eat them though, you never know, with Mo.
Iraqi Constitution dangerously short of US goals say the experts.
That must be propaganda, don't you think?
For sure.
Iraq's new draft constitution falls dangerously short of initial US goals and will likely fuel an increase in violence in the more battered country market analysts are saying.
It's not a good path to run right now, it's a flip lever to be working as an institution think tank.
You have a situation now in which one or two things will happen and both of them are bad.
He said either the minority of Sunni Arabs will succeed in mustering a two thirds majority in three of the country's 18 provinces to sink the charter or will fail and end up feeling disenfranchised and disgruntled.
Either scenario will produce a political crisis, he said, what we have now is a situation in which is the beginning of a countdown to something that will look like civil war in Iraq.
How do you like that?
Because everything is going so well and those three generals that they had on eat the press on Sunday, they should only rot and hell along with that fat face Tim Russard from Buffalo that pasty faced turd.
I mean you talk about propaganda, I'm begging you, not that it makes any difference whether you read it or not because I read it.
That story on Arabati, the media, which most of the people have read it, that's comforting to see.
What's the name of that story Josh?
Like I remember?
You're on top of these things I'll tell you right now.
But of like 30 of those things.
It's called cable news, hucksters and harlots.
There it is.
Ednaha.
By Ednaha.
And if you don't read it, you're missing out.
It's stating things that a lot of people know, but a lot of you aren't aware of.
You're not getting news, you're getting propaganda.
These people are a bunch of shills.
They're paid off, they're being spoon fed.
They're sucking presidential ass. Don't you get it?
That's what it's all about.
Right wing fascist presidential ass.
In fact, if they had some kind of a test, remember that song that's a cowboy song where he knew Jack was singing?
If they had.
If they could find fingerprints, who's what I find on you?
If they could find tongue marks, who's what they find on George Bush's ass?
That's a long list.
Yeah, you better believe it.
And most of them in the media.
I wonder who they find on Condoleez's ass.
Correct them, huh?
Oh, they showed her the other day.
It was an old clip from a meeting in a White House.
She was wearing pants.
Yeah, I'm talking about like a pantsuit like women.
I'm talking about like real pants.
Yeah, what's your point?
I wonder if she's got a f***ing.
Anyway, Ross Gelbspan and the Boston Globe rights Katrina's real name.
Let me say it again.
Two words you ought to be thinking about right now as you look at the devastation over there in New Orleans and Louisiana and even outside your own window in some of your cases.
Global freaking warming.
Two words.
Ross Gelbspan writes the hurricane that struck Louisiana yesterday was nicknamed Katrina by the National Weather Service.
Its real name is Global Warming.
When the year began with a two foot snowfall in Los Angeles, the cause was Global Warming.
When a hundred and twenty four mile hour wind shut down nuclear plants in Scandinavia and cut the power to hundreds of thousands of people in Ireland and the UK, the driver was Global Warming.
When a severe drought in the Midwest dropped water levels in the Missouri River to their lowest on record earlier this summer,
the reason was Global Warming.
In July, when the worst drought on record triggered wildfires in Spain and Portugal and left water levels in France at their lowest level in 30 years.
My explanation was Global Warming.
When a lethal heat wave and Arizona kept temperatures above 110 degrees and killed more than 20 people in one week, the comfort was Global Warming.
And when the Indian City of Bombay received 37 inches of rain in one day, killing 1,000 people in the strapping the lives of 20 million others, the villain was Global Warming.
As the atmosphere warms, it generates longer droughts, more intense downpours, more frequent heat waves and more severe storms.
Although Katrina began as a relatively small hurricane that glanced off South Florida, it was supercharged with extraordinary intensity by the relatively blistering sea service temperatures in the Gulf of Mexico.
The consequences are as heartbreaking as they are terrifying.
Unfortunately, very few people in America know the real name of Hurricane Katrina because the cool and oil industries have spent millions of dollars to keep the public in doubt about the issue.
The reason is simple. To allow the climate to stabilize requires humanity to cut its use of coal and oil by 70%, which of course threatens the survival of one of the largest commercial enterprises in history.
In 1995, public utility hearings in Minnesota found that the coal industry had paid more than a million dollars to four scientists to where public disseders on Global Warming annexed on mobile has spent more than 13 million since 1998 on an anti-Global Warming public relations and lobbying campaign.
In 2000, Big Oil and Big Coal scored the biggest electoral victory yet when Bush was elected president and subsequently took suggestions from the industry for his climate energy policies.
As the pace of climate change accelerates, many researchers fear that we've already entered a period of irreversible runaway climate change.
Against this background, the ignorance of the American public about global warming stands out as an indictment of the U.S. media.
When the U.S. presses Bob to cover the subject of global warming, it's focused almost exclusively on its political and diplomatic aspects, and not on what the warming is doing there are agriculture, water supplies, plant and animal life, public health and weather.
For years, the fossil fuel industry has lobbied the media to record the same way to a handful of global warming skeptics that it accords the findings along with the intergovernmental panel on climate change more than 2000 scientists from 100 countries informed of the UN.
Today, with the science having become even more robust and the impacts is visible as the megastorm that covered much of the Gulf of Mexico, the press bears a share of the guilt for our self-induced destruction with the oil and coal industries.
As a Bostonian, I'm afraid that the coming winter will, like last winter, be unusually short and devastatingly severe. At the beginning of 2005, a deadly ice-derm knocked out power to thousands of people in New England and dropped a record setting 42.2 inches of snow on Boston.
The conventional name of the month was January. Its real name is Global Warming.
And a puddle here. But it moved a little like that. That's right. We support our president. Okay, we don't care how much he's screwing up the planet.
We don't give a crap. And that's because people are stupid. That's basically what it boils down to. Most people are really incredibly stupid, selfish, ignorant.
141 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.M. when you're shopping for shoes, they'll be stupid, comfort and fit and price are what it's all about.
Sooner the smart thing, get over to Brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes.
At Brandy's or Friday, humongous, unmatchable selection of just about every major brand, like Rockport, Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got to customize fit of your favorite comfort shoe.
Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get a perfect fit each and every time. Brandy's understand fit and comfort and they specialize in wide widths as well.
Brandy's is worth the trip, like I always said, from just about anywhere in town for comfort style, fit, value and selection.
New your shoe shopping at Brandy shoes, 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach, open daily till 9 Monday through Saturday and Sunday till 5.
And right now, going on as I speak, is Brandy's red tag sale.
Buy one red tag item, get a second red tag item of equal or lesser value with half price.
So be sure to get your ass into the store this week or do your shoe shopping online at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
Neil Gotthout, WQL.
Where the bag is?
Oh!
You heard Peter Jennings, what a life.
Oh, I mean, tremendous.
So, for calls, for Syla Georgia.
Hi there.
Hi.
First of all, Larry, I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Great Force.
Okay.
Peter, how are things in hell?
Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard.
So, I guess now you're really a smoker, huh?
Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories, with the turd.
Oh, Cala Florida, for Peter Jennings. Hello.
Hey, Peter, do you know any dead celebrity joke?
No man, if I did, I wouldn't say so.
Long wind city, Kansas. Hello.
Yeah. Peter, are the rumors true?
Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie?
I think the answer is yes.
But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today.
Summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello.
Hi, gentlemen.
Hi.
Mr. Jennings, is there a lean day on music and a hell?
Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after end.
Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed.
Oh, many do indeed.
One more call we have a minute left.
Downers grow, Villanoi. Hello.
Mr. Jennings, what would you like for Christmas?
Uh, Sodom who's saying.
Oh, so so bombs on your wish list.
Yes. As as George Bush, George Bush is also Peter Jennings.
Yeah. Thank you.
It's always pretty nice to see.
I got this for if there's a place called hell George W Bush will be the first one online.
He'll be there running soon.
600 votes. We got our 600.
Here's a fact that says you pull wouldn't be complete without Team America world police.
Got that one on it.
And we put it under now.
Yeah. Okay. There he goes.
So on. There we got our 600.
I can't believe it. This is one.
Let me say it again.
This ought to be the genius book of records.
And as opposed to you know, like radio and records and FMC.
Be the obsessed with the PD Boulder.
Talk about the IOD coverage of the store.
Now all this other bull crap.
Okay. Here's one of the great accomplishments in the history of the radio broadcasting business.
And they ignore the show completely and totally.
Okay. You should only croak also at hour and hour and the FMC.
Whatever you are.
You quizzlings you.
You fair.
Yeah.
Man, I tell you this.
This show is the greatest phenomenon in the history of the human race that is unknown.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
We are just like anonymous here.
Traject just pathetic.
Norma you quizzling you idiot you.
You.
Oh yeah. That one fit.
Shanghai. Wait till you hear this.
You know what they're concerned about in China.
I give up naked internet chatting.
Really.
A Chinese researcher is warned of a new threat to public health and morality.
Naked internet chatting up to 20,000 Chinese internet users log out of chat rooms each night.
In which users use various states of unrest to talk to each other with the help of webcams.
The Shanghai Daily newspaper said today, citing Chinese youth association researcher Liu Gang.
At first we thought it was merely a game for a few mentally abnormal people.
A paper quoted Liu was saying.
But as our research continued, we found the problem was much larger than expected.
Liu said.
What if he's kind of Liu Gordon?
The participants in the site's download chats offer and attach video cameras to their computers.
The paper reported.
They then talk with others while exposing themselves and performing provocative poses.
It said, how do you like that?
Correct.
Those crazy Chinese Chinese got more than 87 million internet users.
The second largest after the USA communist authorities have struggled to limit free discussion.
Other online content considered subversive while encouraging the net's commercial application.
They don't want to look and see anything that might be a little you know propaganda.
That might be real confusing with the facts.
Here's a good piece of news.
Fox sued by a sweatshop TV writer.
Oh right.
By Richard Luscom in Miami, no less in the Guardian.
The glamorous image of a Hollywood script writer's lifestyle is an endless round of leisurely lunches
and celebrity parties has been exposed as a lie by a class action lawsuit filed against one of America's biggest TV networks.
Fox TV is accused of overseeing an area shows that were produced by writers who endured
intolerable working conditions being forced to skip meals, submit fake time cards and work more than 80 hours a week and cramp it over.
He did all our offices.
The condition in this industry resembles sweatshops that assume a behalf of writers of seven so-called reality TV series is.
Daniel Petrie.
Oh he makes a hell of a dish.
And I did put my bratwurst on without you reminding me by the way.
I want to memory this man.
And you were the brave.
And I wasn't I'm done.
Daniel Oh well you did on the thing.
No, no, I watch.
What is this man talking about?
I put my watch alarm on and it went on.
Daniel Petrie, western area president of the writer's guild of America which is backing the action launched by 10 writers and editors on such shows as trading spouses,
Joe made an area and married by America said working conditions had pushed some writers to the brink.
Maybe that guy that jumped in the super dome.
Maybe he was one of the writers could be.
We've heard stories of people breaking down from the straight of men and women working from nine in the morning till after midnight with no meal breaks.
Of location shoots where eight people required to work in hot traders meant for four he said.
Fox TV and rocket science laboratory raised the company of contracted a higher the writers have refused to comment on the lawsuit which was
Lodge within the superior court nail a and six unpaid wages compensation and punitive damages so their ass last month 12 writers back
By the union launched an action making similar allegations against other TV companies including ABC CBS and Turner broadcasting.
And marks an escalation of the writers guild campaign for the option of an industry wide contact contract guaranteeing minimum rates of pay and better
Conditions for writers on reality TV shows which it says are among the fastest growing areas of the Hollywood economy.
It's time for Fox and other major broadcasting companies to step out in the light of day and end these justice injustices they be saying.
Zachary Eisenberg 32 one of the plaintiffs in the Fox law sue claims he was ordered a fellow time sheet for three weeks work on his first day as a story assistant for the show
Renovate my family in the summer of 2004 because he was keen to get it on TV he complied soon he said he felt dazed because of the unverable demands of work.
I spent almost my entire waking time at work he said I enjoy my job I'll keep doing it but also another comes a certain point where you have to stand up for yourself.
You go easier whether you talk whatever your name is pick their ass bastards at Fox News.
This should only in fact they're going to be right behind bush there in the line and hell with the people from Walmart when you agree.
Oh yeah. I knew you would.
One fifty one at five sixty I didn't smell that brought worse cooking man it's just enough to make your hair stand on it and speaking of your hair.
That's the best. That's the best. That's the best.
One five six oh WQ and two three four one two three books four five.
If you were playing gasoline I'm dying off a hit you better have a lot of things.
Because I'm a gasman. Yeah.
I'm a gasman. Now my advice for those who drive gas when you pump gas.
Just close your eyes.
Gasman.
And you were looking for no one.
So I asked you when you grow up what would you rather be the gas man or the ass man it's one fifty seven six whatever the hell it is.
We got more standing by.
Two o'clock the more master will reveal you with the BS and then of course mad dog at four.
This story and what have I gotten to this sooner I guess because I haven't been on right.
Paper jam that's okay forget about it.
All right humans are the ones on display at London Zoo.
You see this? No. You didn't see this? No.
At London Zoo you can talk to the animals and now some of them talk back caged and barely closed with a rocky enclosure eight
British men and women monkey to round Friday for an amused be mused crowd behind a sign warning humans in their natural environment.
And of course most of the birds that I've seen especially in Amsterdam belong in a zoo.
The captives in the human zoo exhibits stunned themselves on our sun.
Suns on the surface on a rock ledge.
Planned in bathing suits and pinned on fig leaves.
Some played with hula hoop some wave.
A signboard informed visitors about the species diet habitat worldwide distribution and threats.
Visitors stopped to a point in the laugh and several children could be heard asking why are there people in there.
London Zoo spokeswoman Holly Will said that's exactly the question is who wants to answer.
Seeing people in a different environment among other animals teaches members of the public that the human is just another primate Will said.
It also she can see let's them goc at people.
The exhibit which opened Friday puts three male and three three a five female homo sapien side by side with their primate willers through those separated from them by electric fence.
While their neighbors might enjoy bananas in a good scratch.
These eight chosen from 30 applicants.
I'm sure they might also enjoy bananas in a good scratch.
When you think I'm sure who doesn't.
Thomas Tomahoney 26 decided to participate after his friend sent him an email about the contest as a joke.
Anything that draws attention to apes he said has his support.
I think a lot of people think humans are above other animals.
He said when they see humans as animals here it kind of reminds us that we're not that special.
But then again we have a soul for like God created us the animals who this for our musemen and abusement right.
That's right.
And to chop up and eat and if those Chinese over there would stop chopping up and eating some of those dangerous animals.
We wouldn't have SARS and this other avian flu than nobody seems to want to talk about.
But here we article every days about how everybody's going to die.
Have you read about that?
Yeah.
But he wants to talk about that though because it's kind of a scary.
I just wouldn't be looking a lot of pull free these days.
619 votes on the pull free.
What's the best movie of 2004-2005?
We did it.
We got over 600 votes and people are going to be writing about on this day of all days.
You know what?
Manistana Halala Hafe.
Fair and height 9-11.
I ordered a new one.
What's that body wash that I'm so crazy to say to eyes?
Okay.
It's called what the hell is it called?
Oh, I don't know.
But boy it's good.
I'll tell you Thursday.
All right.
Fair and height 9-1156.
They all sucked 68.
Didn't see any 48 wedding crashes.
45.
The incredible 38.
Ray 29.
Killed Bill volume 227.
Star Wars 326.
Batman begins 23.
Batman begins where Robin's tights end.
Passed to the Quest 22.
Spider-Man 22.
Sin City 19.
Cinderella Man 14.
Born supremacy 9.
H-8.
51st date 7.
Troy 7.
You got 7 Troy.
War the World 6.
Broken Flowers 5.
They have to do.
Mars got 4.
I robot 4.
Collateral 4.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith 3.
Madagascar 3.
Constant Gardner 3.
It's not even out yet.
Phantom of the Opera 3.
And Team America World Police 2.
Chocolate Factory's got a pair.
Kingdom of Heaven 2.
And a bunch of other stuff that believed me.
You don't want to say it.
Bye, bye, bye.
