So now it's saying Hurricane warning in Miami-Dade, and before it said,
a tropical storm warning was a hurricane now, so they can't run.
No, but they were saying, tropical storm warning, the hurricane warning was up all night,
and then about an hour ago on Channel 10, it said,
tropical storm warning from dear field beach to Florida City.
Right.
And now it says, Hurricane, but now it's a warning.
Let me sit again.
Now it's a hurricane.
Yeah, but there was always a hurricane warning.
Maybe it was a hurricane watch.
No, for.
No, it wasn't.
Well, then they blew it.
Well, it wouldn't be the first time they screwed it up.
Anyway, it's pouring on Miami Beach right now.
I'm looking at the radar right now, and maybe George said he looked out the window.
It's not raining quite yet there.
It wasn't doing anything here.
It was not even any wind.
It will be, and just a few minutes, I'm sure.
Well, I'm not going to be here very close to the south,
but I'm going east.
Right.
Do we east?
That's really like I said, right?
Don't leave.
I'm going south is heavy duty reds and yellows on a radar.
I got my radar loop.
I got the loop to loop going.
It's your bathroom working.
My bathroom is working fine here.
Can we come up and use it?
The entire bathroom is down here.
I don't think I could handle all the load from that place.
Believe me.
Oh, brother, what I thought that is.
I got two bathrooms.
In fact, I can go I can go from here to my little bathroom
in about four seconds.
And if this continues, I may have to any second.
It's any any any.
It's in the keys if there's anybody still there,
which there is there are still people there.
I don't have any sympathy anymore.
You know, when they tell you to evacuate
and we've been through the Katrina thing and there are still people.
Oh, well, they showed that bars were open last night.
A lot of my new valve street.
There's still a bunch of drunks down there.
You know, I have it a big party.
Well, guess what?
Maybe that was their final fling, you know?
Yeah, I feel sorry for those people.
You know, the people in New Orleans, it was a different story.
There were a lot of people who couldn't afford to get out
and the mayor blew it with the buses
and they're not getting the sick people out
and the people are nursing home.
But here there was no excuse.
Sass the way they was.
There was no excuse.
The storm might hit New Orleans again.
Well, you know, now they're saying Houston.
Yeah, which wouldn't that be something?
You know, all those people that evacuated.
Right.
Louisiana, they went to Houston and about a bing.
You know, maybe it's like following them.
Don't take it personal, but kind of following them around.
Oh, the keys are really getting that heavy duty right now.
It's just the blowing.
Well, Key West wasn't getting it.
Well, it is now.
I'm looking at the radar, Mr. Hock.
I was watching a guy.
I'm money, Mr. Gambler.
I'll tell you what, I was watching a live shot
on Univision where the guy standing in Key West
and the seas were calm there.
Univision, my ass, it was probably in Cuba.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Cuba,
the eye right now is directly,
if you would like to draw a line from the southern tip
of the Florida mainland to the center of Cuba,
that's where the eye is.
Well, it's supposed to hit the key West around noon.
So this is the law before the storm.
Well, the eye is going to go just south of Key West.
Although it's moving west, northwest,
if it may just a little northwesterling more jog,
it could be rare.
And see, the problem with Key West is
they're going to be on the right hand side when it goes by.
And that's where the real heavy duty rain is.
No, they're going to get there.
There are some nasty yellows and reds coming into
even Broward now.
Just coming on, sure.
And I would say Hollywood, right by Georgia's house.
See, it's just about to hit Key West.
It's just a little bit shorter.
Yeah.
What the eye?
No, the all the the outer band.
No, it's already there.
Oh, it's already there.
In fact, they're showing on CNN.
There's a it's a blow on and raining and windy and puking.
It's God, you know, he missed the first time.
He's better keep coming back to the gets it right.
He's really peered.
The guy in Tavenir was when they showed Tavenir.
There's your fat ass governor by the way, when it makes the impacts.
We'll extend far away from the circulation center.
Yeah, how's your son doing, Jeff?
Oh, he's still drunk.
I'm sorry.
He's got one of those Key West bars.
Yeah, probably he's on DuVal Street with your fat ass governor.
See, I was looking a lot of time in jab.
There's only one slot that he has expertise in.
That's the one.
He's an idiot.
See, you're looking at me before I forget.
Before I forget, I wanted to because Chris Shanko died.
Yes, you saw that.
I was going to ask one about Chris Baker.
Yeah, I had George right note about to talk about somebody Shanker.
Oh, Chris Shanko, he died last week.
Yes, I didn't know that.
Yeah, the fact about yesterday.
The funeral was last Thursday.
Oh, well, I'm a little bit behind.
You must have our inner you must have our internet.
No, this is from radio ink as a matter of fact.
Now that I'm getting it to inside radio every day, it's your fault.
I know.
I'm in here in the morning to get all these pages that I don't want from that inside radio.
I subscribe to get the story on Greg leaving at the end of the year, which
there's like mixed rumors on that around a building because I think you just want to get some attention is what it is.
You know, not that the license hasn't been renewed.
He's made all these brilliant moves the last four years and made some bad hired.
Don't talk, don't talk.
Yeah, he wants some attention.
I mean, I sure wouldn't get that out loud.
If I had a station where the license was in limbo and made these bad moves over and over again,
but nevertheless, he's small potatoes.
Yes, so what were you going to ask me?
Chris Shanko, I was 82.
We had infestima, heavy smoker, and I told yesterday the story to true because I saw it myself.
I'm thinking to myself, it's almost like 50 years ago, 49 years ago, and this is what life is all about.
You know, first you start thinking about things and they say, oh, and I was 10 years ago, and then all of a sudden it's like 20 years ago.
I'm thinking about things that happened 50 years ago.
That's bad.
That means I'm old.
But anyway, he's doing a giant scheme because back in the day, each, there were regional telecasts.
I'm like, now, the NFL and there were regional telecasts in each team had its own announcer.
Right.
And Chris Shanko, Ken Kulman, did the Browns games, which I was a big Browns fan, and Chris Shanko did the Giants games.
So I'm watching a Giants play somebody, and he says there was a great run by Gifford or somebody.
He says he faked him out of his jockstrap, and then there was a long pause because this is in the 50s.
Yeah.
And he says he faked him out of his shoes.
And it was so funny because it was kind of like he, you know, thinking by doing it the second time, you'd forget that he said jockstrap on a live TV.
He was, I don't know anybody didn't like that guy.
I mean, anybody in the sports business, you know, he was a friend of my dad's actually because my father covered the Giants in the days when Shanko was doing the broadcast.
Right.
And so they knew each other very well, and he was always very nice to me.
But everybody liked Chris Shanko.
And we did the 58 NFL Championship game between the Colts and Giants.
Yeah, until two years ago, Super Bowl was probably the best championship game ever played.
Yep.
And he also did Olympics and not the Aquaman, each is perfect.
10 of the 76 Olympics in Montreal.
The horse racing too.
First to serve his life sports anchor from the Olympics in Mexico City 68.
Don Tendenin also died former Pirates First Basement and Outfielder, hell of a ball player.
He was the MVP in the 1969 World Series.
Don Tendenin died and somebody else died.
Just, oh, I was going to ask you, Jack Whitaker is still alive or he died.
He is alive.
I have dinner with Jack every year at the Kentucky Derby.
Really?
Yep.
He does some work for the packageer who does a lot of the racing stuff.
Jack just turned 110, by the way, but he's a hell of a guy.
He's pretty sharp.
Yeah, he really is.
He's a very bright man.
Always liked him.
But see, it's interesting.
Some of these people they have enough common sense.
Well, they probably don't do it by choice to get, you know,
shove it out to past your things like that.
He still works once in a while, not often.
Yeah.
But they brought him back to do some horse racing commentaries.
And what about he would hail Brune?
He was CBS's counterpart.
He was Jack Whitaker.
Huh?
He's gone, I think.
Did.
Yeah.
Pushing up daisies.
Yep.
Did they burn like by the finish line?
Well, I mean, some people should have been very, very, very,
when you're finished.
I would have been down there when fat rich died.
It's attracted.
Night I made sure that they buried his ashes at the finish line of pomp at a park.
When you think that would have been appropriate.
It would have been, yeah, I'm sure that's what he would want.
And every now and then you'd like hear this voice coming from under.
I had the super.
I had the, you hear that voice or the voice going, come on, wire.
Yeah.
Brusey, you step.
Yeah, something like that.
Anyway, their date is almost covered.
So if I were you, I'd, uh, yeah, well, yeah, I'm ready to get the hell out of here.
Okay, well, let it go ahead.
Okay, have a good day.
And say, fry home and nice and dry and sunny.
Here, it's beautiful, man.
Come use the toilets someday.
I might be right there.
Okay, see ya.
Oh, no.
When some cron-cold protect his twin,
the guitar on my knee,
thought they died in the way.
Oh, come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Oh!
Talk about your death-long presidents.
Oh, you ain't kidding.
Goodbye, George.
You gotta go, Leo Milo.
You gotta go home,
push the band on the bio.
Absolutely.
But you sure flew quick when it came to six.
Carry shallow.
Tube.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush.
Now say goodbye, Leo.
That's him.
George, while people drown,
you play the round of relaxing golf.
He was on vacation.
I always tease him like a footballer.
He's an avid dendo.
Oots.
And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario.
You were the one busy having fun and that's you know, no.
You don't invest a gauge at a later date.
That's real bullshit.
So, I'll link you situation ones that
don't you get locked up so it don't contain you.
But no one will get planes like with age and plane.
No hands will roll.
Of course.
And as for this, if you slap on the wrist,
and no charges, file.
What a surprise.
But you're a liar.
No one gets fired with each new mess.
Oh, nobody.
A new death toll asleep in the polls.
That's no problem.
Hill, that's it.
Your spin, machine will deal with new oilings
because that's their job, oh.
As per usual.
Son of a bush, here's a foot in your touch.
You're an asshole.
We just don't understand.
You got blood on your hands, but what?
No rainbow.
And a problem, son.
You made it obvious that these can most of us
you have no shame.
Oh, shame, what's that?
And once with that smirk, you stupid jerk
when people have died old.
Son of a beast, you should be in peace.
And we mean pronto.
Who is all the favor and get the fuck out?
You're here?
Jackass.
You jackass, well said.
It's 10 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
It's 2 December 20th.
Another hurricane in Florida.
Wow, what a surprise, huh?
Yeah, I'm shocked and dismissed.
Satellite presentation and pressure falls from
the reconnaissance aircraft indicate that
Rita's reach category one hurricane strength add on the
Sanford Simpson hurricane scale.
I wonder who saffron Simpson wore by the way.
Do we have any idea?
Hmm, I wonder if that's Jim Simpson.
I bet you ain't knows him, too.
I don't know.
I wonder if he's still alive.
At any rate, I'd stay inside.
I'd hang around if I were you.
Now in Broward County, it's not that much going on yet,
although you're going to get some of those outer feeder bands
and some heavy rain.
Anyway, here's the eight o'clock.
There'll be a new one at 11.
I'm really disappointed in the way it was handled yesterday.
But then again, we don't care unless it has to do with
ball games on QAM.
Because I thought for sure it took a clock that, you know,
you said, oh, well NBC6, our partner is going to have reported
two, and I thought they'd have the two o'clock advisory.
Come to fight out.
I fight out this morning that there was a take 15 minutes ahead of
time.
So if you really want to know what's going on in Florida,
you know, any kind of emergency situation, this is not
the station you want to be listening to.
I mean, we'll do our best here between 10 and two.
But unless it has to do with a ball game getting rained out or
something like that, forget about it.
Go someplace else where you might find out because we haven't
got a clue.
We just don't care.
And just say, you know, we all, you know, it's finally
hitting here.
I already had a little bit of a power today.
I'm looking at it.
I'm looking at it on my radar, Mr. I'm right on top of it.
I'm just telling you that if we should lose, you should lose us.
Don't be surprised.
No, you're not telling me you're hoping, man.
He's got his fingers crossed.
You know what? He does.
He does cross.
And you know something so do I.
Rubin, those roads.
You're just saying.
We're doing the old grasshopper rub.
I've got extra lard and rubbin it.
Just in case that transmitter goes off and we lose you folks.
Good luck to you.
Okay, it's been nice knowing you.
Well, the keys are getting wild pretty good.
I don't care what the Humper says.
He's, you know, living in La La land this morning.
But they're getting heavy duty rains all through the keys.
And that big yellow is in reds come.
Most of the day now, raining like cats and dogs.
And you know, we're all sitting in George.
I get a hollywood.
Oh, well, you.
A hollywood.
I don't know if you ever forget about that.
If you can.
Here's the 8 a.m.
It isn't hurricane.
I just mentioned that.
Ketigrary one.
Tropical storm warning and effect for the Northwestern Bahamas,
including the Abukos, Android Island,
very islands, Bimini, Eluthra, Grand Bahama Island,
and new Providence.
Hurricane warning and effect for all the Florida keys.
From Golden Beach on the Florida Southeast Coast,
South Florida, East Cape, Sable.
Then northwards to Chakaluski on the Southwest Coast.
Chakaluski.
A hurricane warning remains an effect for the Cuban Providence
is a via clada, Montanzas, Sioux, Dadejabana, and La Habana.
A tropical storm warning and hurricane
watching effect from dear field beach Florida,
Southward, North of Golden Beach.
Actually, it should be a hurricane warning now,
because it is a hurricane.
A tropical storm warning remains an effect
along the Florida West Coast, north of Chakaluski,
to Englewood.
Tropical storm warning remains an effect along the Florida East Coast
from north of dear field beach, North of the Jupiter Inlet,
as well as for Lake Okachoby.
Tropical storm warning and effect for the Cuban Providence
is a Diego de Avala, sanctity spirit to a sea in Fuegos
and Pinal del Rio.
Hurricane warning means that hurricane can do
and we know what it means.
Tropical storm warning what that means, too.
At 8 o'clock this morning, and there will be a new advisory
at 11, center of tropical storm,
Rita was located near latitude 23.8,
north longitude 80.4, west about 100 miles east southeast of Key West.
Rita is moving between west and west northwest
near 15 miles an hour.
That's the only good thing is it's moving pretty fast.
It's hauling ass.
And the General motion is expected to continue for the next 24 hours.
On this forecast track, center of Rita will be passing
near the lower Florida Keyser Mount midday.
Maximum sustained winds about over 75,
because now it's a cat 1.
Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 120 miles,
estimated minimum central pressure, 98 millibars, 29.18 inches.
Storm surge flooding of 4 to 7 feet above normal tags,
along with large endadras, battering waves possible
in the Florida Keys in the areas of Anshur or Flow.
Coastal storm surge flooding of 3 to 4 feet possible
along the extreme south, eastern Florida coast.
Rainfall expected the accumulation 2 to 4 inches
over the western Bahamas and eastern Cuba.
Storm total is a 6 to 8 inches with isolated maximum amounts
of 12 inches possible in the Keys
and central and northwestern Cuba.
Storm total accumulation of 3 to 5 inches possible across
the evenbroward.
Again, let's see, next advisory 11 to 5.
Got it.
Got it.
I'm looking at it right now and right by you, man.
I'd stay inside.
I'd stay inside, listen to the radio.
Good play.
In fact, let's just play those two bits I started with.
All the transmitter goes over and over again.
You notice isn't that interesting how the worm is turned.
Now that the poles have gone south, now all these comedy bits,
now they're not pulling any punches anymore.
They're ripping him in ass.
They will deserve big fat juicy ass.
You know what's funny?
Speak of timing.
They have sent a request for a survey.
So I filled it out in the comments section.
I complained to how they're right leaning bits out.
No of the left ones like 10 to 1 from that particular service.
Not anymore.
They don't.
No, not anymore.
They're getting with it.
10.50, not that they suck up, you understand.
Not that they're pandering.
Sorry, sorry.
Good, thank you.
Please be seated.
I want to remind people that who might be listening,
that this administration is a group of frustrated
and desperate people who kill innocent life.
And Americans out of view it as such.
And now be glad to take some of your questions.
Terry, once you start.
Thank you, Mr. President.
As you know, New Orleans has destroyed thousands of dead
and countless families are now homeless.
I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem.
Oh, we don't have a problem.
Let's ignore it.
Sir, might I remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander in chief
to step up and act on the people's behalf?
Okay, here's what I intend to do about it.
Uh, say.
Thank you, sir.
I'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of hurricane Katrina will lead to your downfall in Washington DC.
How worried about anything here in Washington DC?
I mean, I feel the uncomfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life.
And I have made my position very clear on that issue.
Uh, David.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Thousands of strikers remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by raw sewage and without food.
What is your administration proposing they eat?
Uh, duty.
Listen, thank you all for coming out and joining us.
21 after 10, enjoyed it too, tremendously.
And it's ran by you now.
Oh, yeah, no, it's pouring like hell.
Have a duty.
I told you, there's yellow and reds or power.
And the people in Broward right now are thinking, well, what's he talking about?
There's nothing going on here yet.
But those outer feeder bands, man, the feeder bands are looking pretty nasty.
Anyway, we're looking for that.
Here's the result yesterday's pool.
1595 vote.
We've got over 1,600 if I left this on here, but why bother?
What fame is living with dead person you admire most?
Bill Clinton 291.
Hey, Bubba.
We want you back.
We want Bubba back now.
Jesus Christ 149.
FDR 130.
But 30, man.
130, man.
Albert Einstein 118.
Ben Franklin 113.
Able in 86.
Thomas Edison 86.
Ever seen the two together?
I think they were doing something.
Oh, she FK 76.
Michael Moore 52.
Peter North 51.
He's been doing something.
Lee and Arter Da Vinci 50.
Thomas Jefferson 50.
Ronnie Reagan 45.
Tegabara 36.
Thank you, Blitz.
Mother Teresa 35.
Jimmy Carter 31.
George Washington head.
But third, man.
George W. Bush 29.
Some real comedians out there.
Or else maybe they just really dumb.
Well, there's Hollywood beach.
With rain and wind from Hurricane Rita.
Oh, it's nasty by you there, George.
By your house.
Yeah, that's it.
Mark 225.
Elvis 22.
Thomas Payne 19.
Jimmy Henderson, Cindy Sheen 17.
Both of them are going to be protesting in Washington pretty soon.
Jimmy against the drug policies and Cindy of course against the war in Iraq.
Teddy Roosevelt 14.
Timothy Leary speaking to drugs 11.
John Adams, our second president seven and father of our sixth president.
John Quincy Adams and Carl Rowe 5.
Five people a day per verse.
Well, they admire his ability to fix elections, things like that.
To manipulate the gullible public.
Okay, here's the deal.
Here's the latest on Rita, according to the hero.
Which I'm really embarrassed at the Sun Centle screwing up on the school closing.
Is everything yesterday?
Oh, what's the matter?
Seriously, it's pathetic.
It's really sad.
Now officially a hurricane Rita closed it on the Florida Keys rocking Isle of Maraudin
and other islands with powerful wind and rain.
It's sporadic spiral bands also swept you much this out Florida and they're doing it right now.
At least invade and Howard, it's coming soon.
Four casters said Rita's sustained winds cross the 74 mile hour threshold shortly after nine this morning,
making it a hurricane.
Though conditions in date barred, Runaway's perilous is predicted.
Most residents heated warnings to stay inside.
Traffic was light throughout the region.
Is that what you said was light coming to work?
Yes.
Well, thank goodness for that.
Stayed all off the road.
You idiot, please.
Okay, here's a state of getting ahead of me with these pull out.
And we'll get to that.
The expected power outages began with 3900 customers losing electricity in day 14.
I'm in Howard so far.
That's only the beginning.
In fact, I think we may be going off the Iranian Second.
Fans of rain and wind moved through the area overnight continue to show this morning,
especially in the Keys.
It is, let me take a look.
Yeah, heavy duty in the Keys.
I don't care what the Humper said.
Take a look at that radar, Humper.
Wind gusts to 54 miles an hour reported in Pomato Beach in Miami Beach.
Forecasters still expect three to five inches of rain in South Florida.
And the Keys Authority said deteriorating conditions compelled them to recommend that anyone
still there no longer consider evacuation too late, too late to turn back now.
Instead motorists, they're sure they immediately seek shelter.
Get inside, you idiots.
Okay, pouring outside so they're probably in the bars pouring inside.
I can't believe the bars were open last night.
Of course, they show what a bunch of degenerates in Key West.
You know what?
These degenerates.
Forecasters at the Key West National Weather Service Office had sustained tropical forest storm winds
about 39 miles an hour began to impact the upper Keys after six o'clock this morning.
I should read to Marathonit says by nine here.
This is from just before nine, so it's already there.
And like I told you, lower Keys by 11 o'clock soon.
Hurricane Force winds could have the lower Keys early this afternoon.
A flood box has been issued for all of South Florida until six o'clock tonight.
Tornado watch is also an effect for all of South Florida till five.
And the greatest risk of tornadoes will come this afternoon because the worst of the weather expected between now and three.
The weather is likely to be considerably worse and day than in Broward.
We'll tend to deteriorate the more South one drives through day.
Further south, you go the worst it gets.
Although I'll say right, that's not true right now.
That's what the hero of the article said and probably that they were reading.
But that's not true at all right now.
Because the real heavy duty yellows and reds are like North Miami all the way across to the western edge of day in the Everglades.
Yeah, I would be crossing the alley then unless you go over to see Joyce because there's a good chance you will get Joyce to get on the alley.
So stay home, sit around, get out the flavor wave, cook up a bunch of steaks or weenies or something just have a weenie roast.
Do whatever the hell you feel like.
Here's today's poll, which we're hoping we get some additions to an L.A.C.
What's this one facts?
Are the builder burgers for real?
And was not allowed to conspiracy by non-terrorist Neocons.
How do you want to put that?
Was 9.11 and conspiracy by Neocons?
You want to put that?
That's not okay.
Okay, the builder burgers I could live without.
Okay.
Those aren't the kind of burgers I have my mind on.
Maybe a nice wendy's double cheese with bacon burger.
That sounds pretty good to me without the bun, of course.
So the poll today, what one thing you want to know most before you die?
Before you croak?
Before you go to that long dirt nap in the ground and the worms start crawling around and eating you.
We got 290 votes so far, pretty lame.
But then again, the fact we got anybody listening to this station in the middle of a hurricane is a miracle.
What one thing you want to know most before you die is their life after death 97.
Is their life another planet 62?
Who killed JFK 54?
Is there really a god?
32?
Damn god!
What are the 7 herbs and spices that the colonel uses 12?
Well, maybe you can go next door and find out if it's soft.
They don't tell me anything.
Oh, they don't like your kind anyway.
What's the secret of the big-max secret sauce 8?
I don't know, but it smells like Barbara Bush.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a titsy puff 6?
That was George.
I've just my spouse cheat on me 6.
Who killed Cockrobin 5?
Does my spouse know I cheat 5?
I think that was George 2.
And his Elvis still live.
Solomente Trace.
How do you know this?
He's Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAF.
You ferret.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Yes.
Stubbs the people in the ass redone like cattle.
While half the national guard was in pirat.
A few people.
He cut funding for their levees.
Looters causing anarchy.
In a rubah we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway.
One white girl we trained a late.
And even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush, what vacation they mean Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty Grum.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
Oh, W.A.
For a comfort call protects us with a guitar on my knee.
How they died in the weeds and up I raised fashion to T.O.P.
Oh, cut, Trina, don't put the blame on me.
But they come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now do a little swam into New Orleans now.
Swing to the left to the right.
Here we go.
Swing a little muds out though she don't.
Oh, cut, Trina, why didn't those people clean?
It's worse in Louisiana than it gets for a new wrecky.
Well, you'll be pleased to know that it's finally raining in Broward.
I already told you that I guess how they would be.
And up into Fort Lauderdale.
And it's storming here and our sandwiches showed up wet.
But still wet sandwiches.
Well, they're in wet places.
They don't like soggy bread.
Okay, we don't like those Ruben sandwiches.
They're the right thing on it.
They're the bag of wet.
Oh, God.
Where's the sandwiches from?
How is it?
How is it?
I don't do that again.
Oh, easy for me to laugh.
It's sunny and going to be 75 here today.
It's a beautiful day.
No rain, no tornadoes, no hurricanes, no other things.
No earthquakes, no end of the world.
Nazi hunter Simon Viesenthal is dead.
He was only 96.
That's old enough.
Believe me.
Simon Viesenthal, the Holocaust survivor who uptracked down Nazi
work criminal's father in W.D.2 and spent the later decades of his life fighting anti-semitism
and prejudice.
This has died at 96.
A statement on the Simon Viesenthal set a website that he died early Tuesday in Vienna,
Austria, early today.
With more than six million Jews killed her in the Holocaust, including 89 members of his own
family, Viesenthal fell driven a track down those involved in the atrocities.
In his book Justice Not Vengeance, Viesenthal wrote,
survival is a privilege which entails obligations.
I'm forever asking myself what I can do for those who have not survived.
The answer I found for myself and which need not necessarily be the answer for every survivor is,
I want to be their mouthpiece.
I want to keep their memory alive to make sure the dead will live on that memory.
Viesenthal is credited with helping to bring more than 1100 Nazi work criminal's
to justice and too bad he should die now because the Nazis he really needs to round up
are running America right now.
What a shame.
Look at that, man.
I don't want to get to nervous.
Look at all of a sudden, man.
It's the blob.
The big blob.
Are you looking at the radar?
If you go to Miami radar and the click on and just take a look at the short loop or the
long loop, just the loop, the loop and the fruit loop.
Man, oh man, all of a sudden, Brad is just out of nowhere.
Brad is getting spared there most of the morning and now next few hours it's going to be
a nasty till about three to seven and the keys.
Boy, the Humper better where I read just his altitude about life by the time you get home,
Humper.
I wonder if he finally get a computer.
Did he break down and get a computer?
No, no.
No.
Come on, Hank.
There is something I think you and Josh ought to chip in and the Viesenthal via mine.
Yeah, I would hate.
What?
Well, that big raise Josh is going to be getting pretty soon.
You might not even have to buy him that HTTV or you're going to buy him.
He could buy me one.
Well, you're not.
Still take it.
Yeah, you'll take it all right.
That's what I heard.
That's what duct hold me.
If you want that raise.
But anyway, so the men, reds and yellows, it's interesting to look at it from a distance.
You know, I mean, I can be very dispassionated about it.
I would stay inside.
That's man, you people often palm each other thinking, what's he talking about?
There ain't nothing going on here yet.
Well, no, they're going to get some of this crap too, especially in Boka.
In Boka.
Oh, it's going to be a tough drive today.
We're going to be a tough drive today.
We're going to be a tough drive today.
What?
Boka Bryant says it's sunny and beautiful there right now.
Right.
That's what I'm saying.
But it's come and see that just like this thing with Broward, Broward has escaped it all morning long.
And on the last, oh, I don't know, half hour or so.
This thing is really coming heavy duty cover.
Pretty soon it'll be covered all Broward County.
And of course, Dave County, forget about it.
Just stay inside.
Okay, just a choker chicken or something like that and put it on the door to keep all the evils clear.
Talk about those things on the door.
What are those?
Mizzuzza.
Put a Mizzuzza on each the door frames.
Can't forget.
A sensory Mizzuzza.
Let's start marketing.
Right.
In fact, I think Mizzuzza, your chicken, and nail it to the front of the door.
Here's one of Jim's for the pool.
Jim, oh, yesterday, Santa, I forget what it was.
A stupid fact.
Today a little bit better.
Why are 50 million or so?
Why is 50% of the public so dumb?
How's that?
Okay.
Why is 50% of the American public so dumb?
It's called that education system.
It's called that media.
It's called bad attitude is what it's all about.
There's no more premium on intelligence on eggheads.
Now you've got to be a moron.
You've got to be a jock.
You've got to worry about important things like ball games like we worry about here on QIM.
USS E.O.G.
To be moved out of New Orleans.
We're not exciting.
Just in on CNN.
Here in the meantime, we got this hurricane going.
And now they're finally admitting that they don't know crap.
Chad Betzi Everett was on her little while ago on CNN.
And they're showing all the latest tracking pass, all of your computer models.
And they're saying Houston or Galveston or most likely Texas now.
But once it gets out there in the Gulf, he finally admitted,
but we just don't have any idea.
It could be like anywhere within 300 miles one we do.
This could be Louisiana again.
Huh?
Mm-hmm.
Well, that'd be something.
That'd be something.
Of course, Mayor Negan, he's but a beep.
But a boop.
But about here.
Come on back.
Y'all come back.
And then come to fight out, of course,
that the business people, the local community, are been pressuring like crazy.
That's what it's all about, the local business people.
That's why he caved into them and said, oh, yeah, y'all come on back
and let's start getting things going again and get some commerce going on in the city again.
Even though it's very small.
And of course, they're not ready to come back.
Now a lot of people were coming back to Nullings and they're driving back
and all of us that are stopping them and saying, turn around and y'all go back,
wherever you came from.
So these people are getting a verdict at this point.
You know, they don't have a screen or a choke up an end of it.
They don't know what they'll be doing.
Right.
I vote for that.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Yeah, before I die, I'd like to know if Hank is gay.
Okay, let's put that on there.
Is the Humper gay.
Let's put that on there.
I think the answer is, oh, that's my personal opinion, not that I care what we do.
WQAM, hello.
Uncle Neil, when is he here?
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
What did John see in Yoko?
Excellent question, himself.
I'm being nice.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Don't give me that to himself.
She is so me a smell.
It was pretty ugly, too.
He was, man.
That was a good match.
Nobody had anybody.
John Lennon, they could have had anybody.
No, exactly.
He had tremendous talent.
Everybody had everything.
Everything.
Everything.
All the gurus and the, whatever they were called.
The Maharishi's, the Yogi's.
Yeah, and the Yogi bearer.
But nevertheless, all you don't see John Lennon, those Aflac spots, like you see Yogi.
That's probably because Yogi's still alive.
Old number eight.
Those were the days, baby.
Yogi bearer Mickey Mantle, Hank Bauer.
Let's reminisce with a Humper about that tomorrow.
If he makes it through the storm, okay.
I can't believe he doesn't have a computer yet.
I don't know if it's real.
Well, why not?
He's stubborn.
Yeah, stubborn.
I love the Humper, but he can be stubborn, man.
Like, what I'm trying to tell him, the key west, it's random, like, come on.
I'm looking at the radar right now.
And he's saying, well, I just saw you.
Listen.
Don't argue with the expert meteorologist, you're okay.
Who doesn't know crap?
I ain't no Brian Norcross.
I'll give it to you that.
A little more moisture than that.
But it's, and look at that.
Broward all of a sudden, man, yellows and reds and fade county.
You can't find a spot and fade right now.
Where it's not random.
In fact, if you were a, if I had, tell Greg to go outside and, like, hold something metallic, hold something metal.
Like the key to his car up in the, your key was Cadillac up in the air and see if it's really normal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
When he used him to scatter like our own human lightning rod.
Oh, I got so many things I could say about that.
But I bet it not because he's leaving in December.
We're going to have a big golden way back.
And he won't be around for my 30th anniversary on the year of March 1st and next year.
In South Florida.
30 years in South Florida, March 1st.
And he will, and he'll come back, right?
Just for that.
He'll throw us a big, he'll throw us a big bash.
It's some horrible trade-offs by him.
This is the new, the real restaurant.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Hi, this is Governor Anorosh Vatsenegar with another California report.
Over the past two weeks, we have watched the tragedy and trauma of Hurricane Katrina.
And I thought this was fantastic.
Marina loved disaster.
That's why I'm happy that entire communities have been destroyed.
People driven from their homes.
And the death toll is estimated to reach to thousands.
In the worst is, volunteers were sorting out clothes, toys, bicycles, crayons, and markers for the children.
I know many of you are also donating you a time, money, and everything you can to pitch in.
And that's something we all need to change.
We want to make it perfectly clear to the citizens in our society, helping out the victims of this tragedy.
We will stop you, we will catch you, and we will punish you.
For example, compassion, and the candles spirit will become one strike crimes.
That means no excuses, no second or third chances, through this one time, and you get life, period.
What's important is that people struggle to meet the most basic needs like food, shelter, and clothing.
Thank you for listening.
Oh, no problem.
1046-14 before level, we got more if he makes it in from Bokeh today.
Now, I will say this, Palm Beach County, Bokeh Brown, can sit there and look at the sun.
Look right into it, Bokeh.
But, in fact, even as I speak right now, it should be just offshore in the Palm beaches.
And then those outer reds and yellows, those outer bands are going to stare with it around in the Palm Beach.
I'm just telling you that right now, okay?
So, yeah, you're going to get whipped.
Where is Osama bin Laden for the pull?
Somebody says, okay?
Where is Osama?
Your mama.
I see that Alzawa Harri was why I hear that old Egyptian.
He had another video yesterday, is anybody cared?
No.
No, he said, but a beep, but a beep, but like that, and that was the same old crap.
So, May, I'll tell you one thing, if we're still on the year, it's got to be a miracle.
Are we on the year?
We are.
At least we think we are.
Well, let's find out.
There's one way to find out for sure.
But, anyway, because I'm seeing reds and yellows and purples and greens and just all kinds of nasty,
Dave County is like totally covered.
Yeah.
And I hope I'm wrong.
I know I said this last time with Katrina, and I think I was right.
Although, there's the, see if the ash end, it made like that left hand turn.
Now, this one, Rita, well, actually the advisory said it was moving north to northwest.
And if I had any brains, I would have already looked through that break for the 11 o'clock advisory because I've had it's on here.
I'll do it.
Right.
But a little more to the northwest, which is not good for the Keys, but not good for Key West anyway.
But so starting around noon in the, or through the early afternoon, it's going to be like the end of the world in some places.
And Dave County is going to give just tremendous amount of rain.
It's already happening right now.
And then once it gets out of the warm waters and the Gulfwards, like the water temperatures are almost 90.
Yeah.
It's going to become at least a cat to probably a category three.
And then who knows?
They're probably admitting, well, we just don't know and they don't know.
They can have all the models that they want, but the Lord works in mysterious ways.
Just jump in, Josh.
Just interrupt them.
Yeah. What is it?
Oh, by the way, there, there's no Howard David today.
He's out of town.
What does that mean?
He's out of town.
What was that?
He's out of town.
So he won't be here from two to four.
And I'd like to tell you the replacement, but they haven't figured that out yet.
I see no mode today, huh?
I'll be there.
No more.
Okay.
Let me cross him out on the schedule.
All we can do is drop a few of those and they're just to keep his memory alive.
He's out of town.
I don't know.
What does that mean?
The way you said it kind of like sinister there, like I just telling you what I was told.
He lives at least in the world and the war leans or something like that.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, Jolly.
You guys are still on.
And one other quick question I ask you.
Why are these assholes down here going to drive a different...
See, they're flashing out.
Is that what he was going to say?
That's what he was saying.
Why they got their fashers on.
Okay, all you idiots out there, which he used to different word, began with a...
Turn your fashers off.
Flashers, it's illegal to drive with your fashers on or the emergency lights.
Those are only when you have an emergency and you pull off the road and you sit there waiting for help and you put the fashers on.
That's what fashers are for.
Not driving with fashers on.
We know it's raining hard in a lot of South Florida and everybody can see that if they're dumb enough to be out on the highway.
Get off the road.
Okay, get off the freaking road.
Stop driving it.
You idiots, you.
Excellent question.
WQYM, hello.
Any other morning, how are you?
Great.
Drive this on.
Okay, I just saw a report on MSNBC and Fox News that the US government has asked the state of Texas to grant immunity to the depot or a molestation case because he's ahead of state.
Is that not the most unbelievable thing?
It's ridiculous.
What are you talking about, sir?
I just saw it on the scrolling thing.
It was a memory of the three of us this morning and I just saw it on Fox.
Okay, let's not convict the Pope of molestation.
Okay, just because he'd like to alter boys.
What is this man talking about?
Sounds like he must know the governor's son.
WQYM, hello.
80 are you?
Pretty good.
That guy just caught what it took for you, huh?
Yeah.
Hey, everybody.
Me, everybody.
WQYM, hello.
QAM.
See, I was going to take a lot of calls today, but I have a feeling of these.
These people just, they can't handle it with all this bad weather.
All the lollies, extraneous things.
They have them on a nice sunny dry day.
They have a tough night.
They're far apart.
What one thing you want to know most before you die?
I got a good one for the pool.
Why are most talk show colors such eight holes?
Is that okay?
That's a good one.
No, see, that's something I would like to know.
I can't wait to see.
Yeah, very good.
You can spend from now until you croak on that.
Another week.
WQYM, hello.
J.O.V.E.K.E.
Fox.
No, come on.
I had a good day.
I had a good day.
What did this guy try to say?
Jerry's a guy.
He's stuck.
Oh, that's what I thought he said.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Yeah, they had a story about sapper from the sapper sinst thing in the herald yesterday.
Yeah.
And he's a weather guy.
Yeah, who was he?
He was a weather guy.
Oh, a weather guy.
Well, how come they don't call it the Simpson, the the North Cross, whatever, huh?
North Cross Kamal scale, huh?
What would they call that?
You're fairly five six seven, oh, five 60.
See, I'm intrigued that they would give a thousand calls on today.
I have a pretty decent pile here, but who needs that, right?
They don't want to hear me sit here and pontificate and read a bunch of stuff like president sinks in the ratings.
Although I might get to that one very soon.
Again, just dropping like a rock.
If you drop the gigantic boulder from the top of the serious tower in Chicago, it couldn't fall any faster than your president's ratings.
And it's about time better or less than ever.
It's all I can say over 1900 American soldiers dead.
And did I didn't do that?
Did I do that?
Did I throw that out again?
Oh, please, I got this habit of trying to get ahead of myself.
I guess I threw that out.
Eight more dead Americans, including four more soldiers.
And I already schmitcanned that story.
See, this is your fault.
I know.
Well, somebody's fault.
Now, let's play it on Hank.
He's already, I can't believe the man doesn't have a computer.
Okay, even little old ladies, even the little old grandmas that got computers now.
What else is life without the internet?
How is it come to USA buying like a power cord just last week?
And there was seriously a 90 year old man.
Right.
All kinds of PC accessories in there.
So, you know, he had one like he had a new printer, he had all these wires, things like that.
And it's just a shop and a couple of those.
And if a little fossil like me can learn to be computer literate and to be a pretty much of a wizard on this thing,
then how the hell come the hump or couldn't do it?
He can't just, it's called lazy Hank.
Get with it.
Don't be lazy.
Lazy equals fat and fat equals dead.
Uh-huh.
I just mentioned that to try to get him off his fat ass.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
385 votes on a poll so far.
Here's what we got.
One thing you want to know most before you dies, their life after that's 121.
See, some of these already know the answers to it like that once I would have wasted my time on that.
Life after death, my ass.
Is their life another planet 71?
That's what I voted, even though I know the answer.
Who killed JFK 65?
Is there really a god 40?
There is only...
Damn god!
Uh, was 9.11 and Neocon conspiracy 16.
One of the seven herbs and spices that currently is this 15, they're finger-looking good.
Why 50% of America is so dumb 13?
That's moving up fast.
What's the secret of the big math secret sauce that smells like Barbara Bush 8?
Who killed Cockrobin 8?
Does my spouse cheat on me 8?
How many lichens do you take to get to the center of a...
Tutsi POP 7?
Does my spouse know I cheat 5?
Is Elvis still live 3?
Where's Osama Bin Laden 2?
Is the Humper Gate 2?
And where are Tuxo color such a holes 1?
Solemente you want me to get more?
In fact, I'm better vote again.
And again.
And again.
They're gonna prove it today.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, do- do- do- come on out of computer.
They didn't do them a lot of good.
Yeah, I was talking about it.
What?
Great mileage out of that computer.
That was good.
Yeah.
That was great.
Well, I'm just going to the wrong chat room.
Yeah, the wrong...
Yeah, he chat or someone else is waiting for it.
70 QYM, hello.
Are you sure I didn't start?
No, I didn't.
70 QYM, hello.
And how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Do you think...
No.
Excuse me, I just had exploding stuff.
I was just trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
I was trying to get out of the car.
Right? Right.
And we're still on here.
This is a great miracle in itself.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 16QA10.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
It's not to count on FEMA Director Michael Brown.
What can Brown do for you now?
Apparently nothing.
And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast.
Nothing.
Master Bidgett got calls.
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government.
But you've created so much red tape.
The victims won't receive it till Marty Brown.
So Michael Brown, you're rude.
When all is said and done,
you will lose your job faster than you can say equaler.
How?
And if there's any justice in this world,
you'll be calling the Houston Astridone home, too.
Three hundred a cop now.
So we salute you.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Your clipboard, your stupid Navy Blue Themear shirt,
and your comover.
You are a real American pay hoe.
Absolutely.
You make no mistake about it.
Well, yes, what?
There must be some of those same kind of people at NOAA
at the National Hurricane Center, too,
because the 11 o'clock advisory is not in there yet.
See, they spoiled us during Katrina
and during all previous hurricanes,
because every time there was like an updated advisory,
it was always on there by like 20 to 40 hours.
The very latest of quarter of her.
And the 11 a.m. advisory is in there yet.
I just checked everywhere that's possible.
I can't find it.
But I'll keep a search in, you know?
That's all we can do.
What does your friend ask Governor again?
The majority of them understand this
and are being cautious and happy here.
But it will pose your kid doing, by the way, Jeff.
He's still snatched.
The warnings of low-priced people.
Of course, no elbow and just your snortness.
Seriously, this is a good one.
I don't know if family is having a rift snorting.
Galveston, Texas is taking no chances.
No, that's good.
Look at that.
It's starting to be a little on the steamy side over there.
What does that have to do with the hurricane?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
But there's some water.
There's the ocean.
You see the Gulf.
My, my, my.
Okay, how's that pool coming?
400 and some odd votes.
That's pretty surprising when you say shocking
as a matter of fact, considering.
Well, what else are they going to do?
434.
That may have been one of the great slides of all time.
Miss Kamala had a computer.
Didn't do her much good.
Well, it did all the rest of us pretty.
Oh, there's Ray Negan on there again.
He's looking around like a lost man.
But it will put her by do now.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, he's under a lot of pressure, see?
He's under heavy-duty pressure.
It's all I can tell you.
Like what's your name, what's your name?
Maria Barteromo.
The markets are under pressure.
Pressure.
Boy, if anybody needs to be like taking out,
when a dot take around for like a dinner at Kentucky Fried.
Oh, man, dropping stuff on the floor here.
I'm just all over the place.
A lot of pressure, you know what I'm saying?
We're all under pressure.
So I'm looking at the thing.
I'm trying to find the 11 a.m.
I don't see it.
There's the 8 a.m.
It's still up there.
What is with you people of the National Hurricane Center?
Okay?
Didn't that frustrate you, Rass?
Because to me, I want the 11 o'clock on there.
I want to pretend that we are in touch
with something like that.
No, Hurricane Rita advisory 10 a.
That's still the 8 o'clock.
Man, there ought to be an investigation of this all over here.
That's not West.
Or about 100 miles east northeast of the city of Havana.
Rita's moving towards the West.
And you're 15 miles per hour.
So that's different right there.
It's been moving west north or west lately.
And now it's moving more to West.
That's good news because that could possibly keep it a little farther away
from Key West.
The farther away we can keep it from the Keys,
the better off we're going to be ultimately.
But of course you're obviously feeling the impact of a tropical storm force.
When has it been pounding you all morning long?
How we've seen gusts around 35 to 45 miles per hour?
530, man.
Some 50s to 60s.
We've seen some of these outer bands.
They begin to push in across parts of South Florida.
We're going to do men on some of these for you.
We're doing a lot better now in Miami and up towards Miami Beach.
And to Hollywood at Fort Lauderdale, you can see the outer bands now extending
this little farther up to the north and heading on towards Coral Springs.
It's this outer band that we're all looking for.
The bass that's producing the head is moving.
Yeah, pop it on our...
Thanks.
...a certain limiting visibility.
One to two inches per hour.
We may get a little bit of flash flooding on the roadways here.
So not a great time to go out and travel right now.
Wait till these thunderstorms pass.
You're looking okay right now in Miami and into the downtown areas.
We've also seen some of the heavier rains a little farther down South
into the Keys plantation.
Key.
I just got nailed with a very strong thunderstorm.
But these are moving so quickly.
So it's kind of splashing dash.
It's hitting you and then it's moving on out.
Forecast track.
Let's take a look at this.
This is the updated track.
You can see the category one as it moves near the Keys through the Florida straight into the Gulf of Mexico.
It looks to me just by eyeballing this.
I'll have to crunch the numbers and take a closer look.
But it looks like it's definitely staying much farther south than the earlier.
Forecast tracks and then curving back on up to the north.
Looks like the ultimate position, however, is relatively the same with landfall.
Probably late on Friday or early Saturday morning.
Well, thank you so much.
And I still, it's still out on their website.
I don't know what website they are really slipping bad.
Must be Ed Rappaport went to sleep or maybe Max Mayfield, the two of them.
Maybe they're sleeping together.
Okay, for the pool, where does WQM find some of their so-called talent?
It says.
And then as an example, it says, don't forget.
No, no, no, no, no.
He was out of town.
Clarence?
No, Clarence City was out of town.
What does that mean?
I won't be on them.
I'm going to be out of town.
But we got somebody coming up.
And maybe it'll be Clarence from 2 to 4.
Or maybe it'll be Curtis or maybe not.
Maybe it'll be Lenny Martez.
Maybe it'll be Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie?
Okay.
And maybe it'll be a Geldie.
You never know.
So there's the little hook.
Okay, stay tuned to find out.
American's views of a president Bush and his leadership have soured.
In the wake of this May, or the government's response to Hurricane Katrina,
the course of the war in Iraq and the future of the economy, all of these things.
And of course, those great gas prices.
Thank you so much.
All of these things.
Bush is ready for handling each of those issues dropped to as low as yet in the USA.
They see it in Gallup, Poltan, and Friday through Sunday.
Ooooo!
Assessment of his personal qualities also fell for the first time a majority says isn't a strong
exercise of leader.
He's like a lying moron is what he is.
A dumbot, a simpleton, a quizzling.
Bush is overall approval rating is at 40% equalling a previous low.
In this poll, anyway, there was one news week 38.
His disapproval is a new high, 58% disapproved.
Let's have the election all over again.
What do you say?
All right.
Now, where is this that they're showing?
Cycles and cars that probably will be inside somewhere because we do expect as a storm is intensifying
and still moving fairly close to Key West, although what Jackie was saying is certainly good news
if that track holds to the South, but we're going to be on the north side of it.
But because Key West is further to the west as the island chain moves, we're getting some of the worst of the weather
later in the day than they are in the middle keys and the upper keys.
For example, about 70 miles north of here in Isla, Marata, the police are already reporting the state patrol, state troopers reporting some overwash on the road, the overseas highway there,
and an urging motorist to stay off the road up there.
Now, get off the road, you idiots, you lunatics, you maniacs.
Anyway, speaking of lunatics, Boy stands at a precipice as Carol Doherty of the nonpartisan Pew Research Center.
I think that's appropriate, don't you?
The stench of this administration is being measured by the Pew Research Center.
He's lost ground among independence, seems to be starting to lose ground among his own party.
He lost the Democrats a long time ago.
By a record of 66 to 31 percent independence disapproved of the job he's doing.
Of the polls respondents, 30 percent, but 30 men said they were Republicans, 33 percent independent, 36 percent Democrats.
Survey show signs of friction between the two most pressing concerns on Bush's agenda, the Iraq War and the Katuna Recovery.
A 54 percent majority says the best way for the government to pay for Hurricane Relief is by cutting spending for the war.
Just 6 percent support spending cuts in domestic programs has Bush's suggestion.
Nearly two thirds of those polls, 63 percent, say some are all of you as troops interaction be withdrawn.
A record high, 59 percent say it was a mistake to invade the Iraq attack.
There are a couple of people who were still boarding up some windows or putting up their shutters.
They may have been waiting since it was a tropical stroke.
They're waiting out.
It's all the Aries I&G, they're waiting out.
They're preparing their businesses and their homes.
We drove through the most part with the out world isn't it?
Sorry about that, Dan Lothian, whatever's the name of this.
5670560, what one thing you want to know most before you die before they stick your fat ass in the ground?
That's our poll question today on your Rogers.com.
How come this 11 o'clock isn't in here yet? Do you?
You found it? No, I have not.
That's because you're not looking for it.
No, but I don't find it anyway.
I'm going right to the NOAA website, the National Weather Service.
It's still got the 8 o'clock on here.
What is with you people? Are you crazy or what?
Yes.
God, they slow.
They used to give us some pretty, not still the 8 o'clock.
And that broad that was on CNN before, that's why I put it on.
She had the 11 o'clock. She had it in her hand and then you advisory too.
So at least she had something.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Me, I've honestly tried to give Joe Rose and Jimmy Cephalo a try.
Jimmy Cephalos, yeah.
It's terrible, Neil.
Yeah.
It probably should be the other way around.
Joe doing the play by play and Jimmy doing the call.
No, Cephalos doing the color, yeah. She's got a cool.
I hear him from a woman in the stumble and the number 10...
He does it all the time.
It's always a good time to give the numbers on the radio.
On three.
One can't play higher broadcasters.
Jesus.
Well, they're into that. It's that Jacques Cochrissy, man.
It's the complete takeover. This is the...
Oh, terrible.
Can't listen to it.
I agree. Thank you so much.
Of course, I couldn't listen to it if I wanted to, which I don't anyway.
That's one of the great, another great thing about Noppy and South Florida is you can't hear 790.
Oh, thank God for that.
I can hear this station any time I want to just come in this studio here.
I open up the pot and I spoke.
I mean, I listen to it.
It's wrong with that.
Nothing.
Any kind of a judgment you make as mayor there.
Look at that.
Look at the...
Look at the...
The relationship that we've seen between the mayor of New Orleans and New Orleans.
That's the details.
And about 13,000 people, a mayor of Key West's, 13,000 idiots are still there.
Like I said, I have no sympathy for those people.
Unless there was some extenuating circumcised that they couldn't get out, which I really doubt.
Because they had the buses there.
One thing about your fat ass governor, this is the one thing he was...
I'm getting credit for that.
He was on top of this because he knew he'd damn well better.
But, you know, they just...
They just stubborn.
Just...
Look at that.
Are you watching this thing from Key West?
Residential.
No, I'm on that one.
And we do it in a phrase party with the lower keys in Key West first.
And then we move gradually up to...
85 mile hour away.
By the way, it's picking up as we think also is...
It's because we have to have a plan in place.
We can implement it right away.
And we have the support of the state government in our implementation as our...
I'm going to be better moved, but about whatever he says.
From minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.C.M.
Just stay home, stay off the roads, don't be a jackass.
Okay, this is not today to be a hero to be a moron.
It's not like a major, it's not a category four or five.
It's not one of those...
The world's not coming to an end.
But we said that when Katrina came through Florida too, right?
We were lulled into a sense of, ah, what's the big deal here?
And that wasn't my doing Troy.
You idiot, you quizzling, you...
You fair.
Right.
At first, Bradford.
But it'd be...
But like he's an expert.
All of a sudden, he gets a couple hours on the weekend.
He's an expert broadcast and I was giving me instructions.
I've got news for you, Troy.
She said, you know Roy, whatever that meant.
I'm not sure which one...
Yeah.
We asked her about you and she said, he sure ain't no Roy.
So put it away.
12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 W.C.A.M.
How did you sleep last night?
In a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation,
fewer than half Americans report getting good night's sleep most nights.
Now, one of the primary reasons not having a comfortable supportive mattress
like a new Simmons Beauty Rest queen said from our good friends at Dala mattress.
The Simmons Beauty Rest features individually pocketed coils
so you won't feel your partner moving during the night.
Now, price is just $5.99.
Like when your partner slips out of the sack and goes out to meet somebody in a motel
at three in the morning.
This is for a limited time only, so pick up the phone call 1-800-MACRUS right now
and see you want the Neil Deal.
That Simmons Beauty Rest for just $599.
Plus, a portion of every Dala mattress purchase will be donated to her king
between the relief when you call 1-800-MACRUS
you'll get send a delivery all across St. Florida.
By calling 1-800-MACRUS, you'll choose from the deepest selection
and you'll still pick the date and time for living to fit your schedule
when you want them to show up just a tour window and they're there.
And Dala mattress continues to be on time 99.7% of the time.
I've used them for years just about everybody else at QM calls 1-800-MACRUS
when their mattress wears off and you ought to be doing the same.
Log on to mattress.com or give Dala mattress a call right now at 1-800-MACRUS
have a great night's sleep for years to come starting as soon as tonight
on a great new bed from Dala mattress.
1-800-MACRUS
leave off the last half because it stands for Stu Pandas Savings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-QM.
Who's gonna get a breath of blow?
Fag!
Bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned.
I bet you've found the second thoughts about taking it in the behind where with FEMA.
Bratcom!
Broken levees FEMA wasn't aware inside.
FEMA!
Even with warning FEMA's boss wasn't bright when the storm was over.
Water was everywhere.
But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
They beat FEMA.
No big contrast.
They went to Hala Burton.
Yes.
FEMA!
Response more quickly when it's rich people hurtin'.
When it's rich people hurtin'.
FEMA!
It's 1119.
Finally, and I had to go to the Sun Sentinel website.
I'm off of that Noah thing man.
I think they're out building the ark.
I had to get the advisory number 11 for the 11 o'clock from Sun Sentinel.
Hurricane warning remains an effect for all of Florida Keys.
The arena becomes the ninth hurricane of the season.
And from Golden Beach on the Florida Southeast Coast, Southward East Cape Savings.
Then northward to Chocoloski on the Southwest Coast.
See I just am reading these now just because I like saying Chocoloski.
Now that we know how to pronounce it, right?
See we learn something last two days on this show.
On this highly educational show.
It's Chocoloski.
Or is the governor of Sun would say Chocoloski.
Now what he said.
A hurricane warning remains an effect for the Cuban provinces of Montanza,
Ceo Dade de Habana and La Habana.
A traffic storm warning remains an effect along the Florida West Coast,
North of Chocoloski to Englewood.
A traffic storm warning remains an effect along the Florida East Coast
from North of Golden Beach.
Northward to Jupiter Inlet as well as for Lake Okachobi.
A traffic storm warning remains an effect for the Cuban province of Pinyardel Rio.
At 11 o'clock, all warnings for the Bahamas have been discontinued
and for the Cuban provinces of Ceo Dade de vala,
sanctity spirit, tooth and sand, foiegos.
At 11 o'clock, the hurricane watch from dearfield beach southward to
North of Golden Beach has been discontinued.
Hurricane watch from dearfield southward to Golden Beach has been discontinued.
Hurricane warning means that well, we know what it means.
At 11 o'clock, the center of Rita was located in your latitude,
23.8 north, longitude 81.0 west,
or about 75 miles southeast to Key West,
and about 100 miles east northeast of the city of Habana.
La Habana.
Rita is moving toward the west near 50 miles an hour,
like that bitch said on that nice lady on CNN said.
That's good news, because if we're starting a little more north west man,
the eye would have been right over Key West, not good.
And this general track is expected to continue during the next 24 hours.
On this track, the core of the hurricane will be moving over the Florida straights
between the city of Habana and the Florida Keys today.
However, the strongest lens associated with the northern eye
while expected to impact portions of the Florida Keys directly.
Then you hear what I just said.
Florida Strong is when associated with the northern eye
while expected to impact portions of the Florida Keys directly.
Maximum sustained winds have increased in their 85 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Rita is the category one on the Sanford Simpson Kamal scale,
some strengthening forecast during the next 24 hours.
Hurricane Force Wednesday stand upward to about 30 miles.
South 30 man.
In the center in Tropco Storm Force Wednesday stand outward to 120 miles.
Some vero-key recently reported to sustain winds of 59 miles an hour,
with gust up to 72.
Where the hell is that, some vero-key?
Probably in there.
The Keys.
The minimum of central pressure reported by Air Force was connoisseurs 982mb,
29 inches.
Storm surge flooding of 4 to 6 feet above normal tide levels,
along with large and dangerous battering waves,
possible in the Florida Keys and areas of onshore flow.
Coastal storm surge flooding of 2 to 4 feet is possible,
along the extreme south-eastern Florida coast.
Rita is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 8 inches
over the Keys, central and northwestern Cuba, isolated maximum amounts of 12 inches.
Rainfall amounts of 3 to 5 inches possible across the southwest Florida peninsula.
Rain's expected continued to diminish across the Bahamas.
Damn it.
There's a possibility of isolated tornadoes over south-forwarding the Keys.
In the immediate end of the advisory,
the intermediate advisory will be issued at 2.
I'm sure we won't have that,
but we'll play a tape that we recorded from NBC 6-A-Mount an hour before.
And you can like, govern yourselves accordingly.
I'm embarrassed to hear that.
Okay, here's that story that I just glossed over.
Eight Americans, including four troops, were killed yesterday by bombs in Iraq,
US officials in Baghdad said today,
the four troops inside of the Second Marine Division were killed in Ramadi,
that brings the total of 1903.
We're over the 1900 hump and well on the way to 2000 now Americans
who have given their lives for absolutely nothing based on a pack of lives for the Neocons.
And thank you again for those very low-barred and basement oil prices.
The prices are the...
Prophets being reported by the oil companies make you feel so much better about life, don't they?
Oh yeah, like.
A State Department employee in three security contractors were killed Monday by a suicide car bomber
in the North and Iraqi city of Mosul,
two others in the convoy wounded as well.
So eight Americans in Iraq died yesterday as the tool keeps continuing on and on and on.
And you know, quite frankly, the hurricanes,
even though the ratings are dropping like Iraq for Al-Presidentay,
this is kind of a diversion from all the dunes,
bloodshed and violence in Iraq, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
I just wanted to say that in passing.
And speaking of those low-gas prices,
crude oil futures surge more than $4 the biggest one-day price drop ever.
I made worries that Rita's strengthening off the Bahamas could hit USO facilities in the Gulf of Mexico
later this week, striking another blow
and an industry struggling to recover from Katrina.
Munchmark lights, sweet crude for October to Liberia,
rose $4.39 in one day to settle at $67.39.
In fact, we can probably look on there right now and see what it is on the gambling channel.
Do you want to fight out?
There's the gambling channel.
CPI, it's docile.
You're not worried, Professor, that that sends a message of maybe concern about the health of the economy.
Got a buck 34, there you go.
I made it in his race.
That was $65.35.
I told you everything is fine.
Just relax, okay?
Just give them the FN money and relax.
Okay, how's that pool coming?
Kind of a disjointed choder day.
And again, you know what?
I'm not really too happy with that.
Of course, Noah was a drunkard.
Really, the God had told a drunk to go build a big ship like that.
Well, who else would have?
That's true.
400, maybe he could have gotten Bush's son if it would happen later on in history.
494 votes on a pool.
That's kind of weak.
Especially since you're like captive audience today, they got to stay inside.
Maybe they're watching TV to try to find out what's really going on.
Maybe they're on to us.
One thing you want to know most before you die is their life after death 143.
Is their life another plan?
Oh, I know another thing they had to this pool.
Yeah.
Is it a horseshoe or a four leaf clover that Greg has up his...
Correct them.
Ask.
Huh?
Okay.
No, isn't that a good one?
That how you want to word it?
Is it a horseshoe or a four leaf clover that Greg Reid has up his ass?
Got to be one or the...
Maybe both, I don't know.
But that's a good one.
All right.
I can find out the answer to that.
Is their life after death 143?
How about is their intelligent life on this planet?
No, I don't forget about that.
Is their life another planet?
It's 88.
Who killed JFK 79?
Is there really a god 52?
Why 50% of America's so dumb 28?
That's part of it by the way, the god squad.
Keeping people like him that hocus pokers, you know?
Like the people who rub their hands that grow along.
There was a...
Along the glass on the slot machines.
I still...
Those people still send me right to the pool.
What are the 11 herbs and spices the curl you use?
The 16?
How many...
I'm gonna use them anymore.
And me more.
Is Hank over gay 10?
Does my spouse cheat on me 10?
How many lixes is it taking to the center of a law?
A Tootsie Pop 9?
What's the secret of the big max secret sauce 9?
I bet your barber Bush knows.
Babs knows.
He says let those schleppers eat it.
It's good enough for them.
Who killed Cockrobin 8?
Why are talks show collar search A-hole 6?
Does my spouse know I cheat 5?
His L-v is still live 4?
And where is Osama Yamama?
Solomente trace.
I got a copy.
Forget I played that.
Just pretend you didn't hear that.
Hey we're under a lot of pressure today.
Okay? It would be like that thing.
So the...
The minimum single pressure on this show is about...
Oh I would say...
But third man!
Hey if you got about 30 strands of hair left on your head not too much more,
you probably need a good buddy Charles Alfie right.
You can go buy those dangerous drugs and take them and they'll really propish you off
because nothing's gonna happen.
And you might even croak for them.
They'll probably get your blood pressure smoking.
And then you can have the holes real in your head and when your blood pressure goes up,
the blood drips down your forehead and you look really classy.
Or you can have those nasty looking muskrats on your head.
The answer is Chuck Alfie or his natural hair line system.
The new skin like hair system is 100% on detectable.
Looks like real hair that's grown out of your scalp.
The best system ever invented.
And you have nothing to lose but that shiny, ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older
because Charlie offers you this guarantee.
You try his hair system for 30 days.
But third man!
After a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting laid 40, 50, 60 times today, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the near ride.
Your show and get your summer special QAM 200-dollar discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hair line system.
Don't forget the secret to a great head of hair is make sure nobody can tell it's a piece and not the real thing.
And then that's the natural hair line system is his naturalist gets.
Call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfie or at a price that you can afford.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web.
And get more info by checking out Charles Alfieery.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
You don't have any National Guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard.
This fall on Fox from the producer of the O.C.
We're driving now.
Yeah, because we're drunk.
It's the O.C.D.
Hey, let's go to the movie.
Oh, okay, just a minute.
I gotta wash my hands.
Come on.
You're gonna be late.
Hold on.
I'll wash you my hands again.
Okay.
I'll be in the car.
All right, ready to go.
Let's kick it.
Uh-oh.
Did I lock the door?
All right.
Just a minute.
I gotta make sure.
What are you doing?
I wash you my hands.
Don't overthink it.
See the O.C.D.
This fall on Fox.
Are you ready now?
Uh-oh.
Did I turn off the stove?
Yeah.
I'm gonna go wash my hands.
Welcome, Roger.
You're gonna take that bacterial stuff.
Number 32.
This is gonna let's see.
First, Chris is for the pool.
How did Moguja sense a look at the contract?
Do you wanna put that on there?
I don't know, I guess.
Go ahead.
How did Moguja look at the contract?
Now, speaking of Moguja...
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
I mean, Darro could have told me that.
Well, why doesn't he tell you that?
Let's get the information out here for the audience.
Let's not just give this crap about,
well, he's on a town or he's suspended or we...
Yeah, everybody wants to know who's on first and who's on second.
And all we get is a bunch of double talk.
And that's because they don't even know who the hell are going to put on it to a clock.
They're probably doing the Indian rain dance out there in a programming office,
hoping that the transmitter goes off for a couple hours.
So we're going to have to pay anybody to do it.
And then we'll just run the spot before Mad Dog comes on.
Mad Dog had four, six, thirty-five marlins on deck followed by the marlins in the mets.
Now that's interesting because it's a six, thirty-five,
a seven, ten marlins on deck and then seven, thirty game time.
What are we doing for the twenty minutes in between?
Well, talking about the hurricane, maybe.
Marlins have to mess tonight some time around seven,
or seven, thirty, and then Eddie K. after the baseball game.
Nice going.
Thank you Houston for losing to a girls team last night, seven and nothing.
That was embarrassing.
I told you about those throws, man.
They're just a bizarre, the throws.
Let's see.
He raises out, check out schoonerwarf.com for a live streaming video of
really giving Key West a big blow.
How do you like that?
That's the webcam.
Well, I don't have time to do that, but if you want to do it, go right ahead.
Or maybe Hank can do it when it gets that computer.
Look at that.
Do you think the origin of the footage is a strong and decisive leader?
They just head on there and about four people said yes, and they're all in his family.
Wait, when you hear this story, you're going to be so peeled,
I'm positive you're not going to be happy.
All right.
Anybody believe there's still free speech in America?
No.
No chance.
And here's the proof.
In New York, police cut short a speech by anti-war activists Cindy Sheen and
arrested a rally organizer, saying that he hadn't obtained a permit for use of
a loudspeaker.
Sheen, who's 26-day vigil new president, Bush's Texas transport, anti-war protest
around the country, had nearly finished her speech yesterday and police intervened.
Supporters ushered her away from the rally and Manhattan's unions part a square
park as onlookers yelled at police and chanted, let her speak.
Let her speak.
I'm like those idiots that were yelling, let us in and they counted those and
Nazis that they brought in from out of town.
Rally organizer Paul Zukawitz was charged with an unauthorized use of a sound
device and disorderly conduct.
He was given a court sentence and released it and take the Kevin Sada Yasky.
She and his son was killed.
We know about that.
Well, anyway, they cut it off and it's raining this time.
You don't have no permits to speak.
Of course, if she had just gotten up on a soapbox and started yelling, then she could have
done, you know, they do that all the time.
But she had a loud speaker.
Oh, there's your president.
There's Air Force One with his 85th visit to New Orleans.
From the number two Democrat in the Senate, a Dick Durbin essentially laying out the political
strategy by the Democrats.
That is the fact that they see a very weak president now and they're essentially too weak to
let him continue to be weak.
Perhaps have the problems that he's already involved in, continue to boil up or you can engage
and attack.
How about coming up with some alternative solutions, Dick?
That would be a good idea.
How about coming up with a platformer you're on to Democrats?
The weak need the jellyfish Democrats.
They really suck most of them.
Here's some good news for you.
More as we have bad news now, good news.
So the in and the Yang, the in and the out, the Bush administration's top federal procurement official
resigned Friday and was arrested yesterday accused of lying and obstructing a criminal investigation into Republican lobbyist
Jack Abramoff's dealings with the federal government.
It was the first criminal complaint filed against the government official in the ongoing corruption probe
related to Abramoff's activities in Washington.
The complaint filed by the FBI alleges that David Saphabian, 38, a White House procurement official
involved until last week in Hurricane Katrina relief efforts made a repeated false statements to government
officials and investigators about a golf trip with Abramoff to Scotland in 2002.
What I always tell you about those golfers, beware, beware and look at the hair.
You know what I'm saying?
It also contains that he concealed his efforts to up Abramoff and Quarer control the two federally managed properties in the Washington area.
Abramoff is the first identified as lobbyist A in a 13 page affidavit and sealed in court of court of sources
knowledgeable about the probe until his resignation on the day the criminal complaint against him was signed.
Saphabian was the top administrator at the federal procurement office, the Washington House office of management and budget
where he said purchasing policy for the entire government.
Isn't that great? The Fox Garden of Chikankoop again.
The arrest occurred to his home in Alexandria, Virginia.
A man who answered the phone there yesterday hung up when the reporter asked to speak to Saphabian.
A man.
Uh oh.
How do you like that?
Abramoff was indebted by federal prosecutors in Miami last month and I'm really do charges of wire fraud and conspiracy
remains the lint spin of an 18 month probe by federal task force that includes the internal revenue service
interior department and just the department's fraud and public integrity units is learned and respond to phone calls.
He can comment.
How do you like that?
So there you go.
There's a little piece of good news.
It's all like a debit cards man. It's all coming unglued.
The whole Neocon cabal.
They're coming unglued.
How's that storm doing?
I better get back on Miami radar.
How's it? Is it blowing?
You got the big blow.
I don't see it.
And then they got it's just swirling.
I don't mean CNN.
I got CNN.
I can do that.
I'm. Oh, geez.
Look at that.
George.
Oh, man.
You better take a picture.
I mean, aren't you on it?
Yeah. It's a big red blob.
Oh, no. It's yellows and greens and oranges and I'm going to start looping it.
I'm doing the old loop to loop.
Let me take a look and see what you folks.
What kind of source you got going on there.
Look at that.
And all the way up now into, well, not to Palm Beach County yet.
I'd say right right now it's about like a half way, almost a four-letter deal in Broward.
It's got those yellows and greens moving across.
But the fact that it's moving to West is going to be of help.
Yeah.
Let's move it fast.
And it's different along 50 miles an hour.
So just to stay inside.
Okay. Don't be a moron.
Don't go blaming us and everybody else in poor little Brian Noracross.
He's got enough issues.
And Miss Kamal, don't be blaming all these are weather ferries because in fact that you're too stupid to come inside out of the rain.
God, I'm so tired of people.
What are excuses?
Well, but it would be better.
But I had a doctor's informal.
Tell the doctor your mom, okay?
Just stay home and take your couple of pills.
In fact, unless you go see the doctor, probably the better off you'll be.
Maybe I'd like an emergency on a way to the hospital.
Stay home.
They'll kill you in the hospital.
Trust me.
If anybody knows.
But look at those oranges and greens.
Ain't that pretty.
It's a pretty screen.
Not pretty if you're in it though.
Now let's see.
Where does Key West?
Key West actually right at the moment.
It's still raining.
But it's kind of like a mixed bag.
I guess it could probably like step back a little and look at the long range loop.
You could.
And I am.
Well, I just love this radar.
It's a beautiful thing.
Yeah, Key West get like a little reprieve.
But there's a lot more coming in especially with the, yeah, the, there's like a second eye.
You know how that sometimes happens?
It looks like a second eye.
Yeah.
And it's real close to Key West.
I wouldn't be there.
And if you're stupid enough to have stayed there, well, all we can say is good luck to you.
You'll leave this.
And the flowers as that.
Let me see some space.
There are those in the candy.
And why not?
Asums.
I fake four.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I come from Todd.
Protect this.
The guitar on my knee.
Oh, they died in Louisiana.
I race past the T.O.P.
Oh, cut.
T.O.T.
Don't put the blame on me.
But I come from my vacation.
Oh, I'll pull the water to my T.O.T.
Swing your partner around and around.
Now go.
Swing a little.
Swim through the war with me.
Swim to the left.
To the right.
Here we go.
Swing a little.
Now go.
Oh, cut.
T.O.T.
Don't put the blame on me.
I'm not going to be there.
And it is for your right knee.
Friends with Say.
He was swaying.
The eggs were swaying.
And.
Let's go jump down.
Hold the feeling that I'm a neck.
Jump to me and make it hold it away.
Keep jump running down.
It was a super-sack.
And I was going to have it some more day.
When jump jump down.
Keep going to broken neck.
When it's any different life,
The clock's when jump down.
From the upper neck.
When the golden earth jumps plain-knock.
You make him a thigh away.
For watching the yank is clay.
It was in a gate and time to get away.
And so he tempted me and had it more hopefully.
He literally from the upper neck.
Keeps me and he fell like a rock-bimsy feet.
Oh, God, you should know.
You should know God, Lord.
You should know God.
What's God's job style?
He was another man.
Jump to me and make it hold it away.
Keep jump right down.
It was a super-sack.
And I was going to have it some more day.
You can break it back.
But it's any different life,
The clock's when jump down.
From the upper neck.
When the golden earth jumps plain-knock.
Okay, so I stood up on it last when I looked at my radar here.
It's hard to tell where the county line is when it's covered by all mreds
and yellows and greens and blues.
Anyway, all of Broward, it's raining some.
Although, you know, not real heavy duty right now, most of it.
But it's up in the Palm Beach now.
But you'll call Bokeh Brian,
you'll find out that his house blew away.
Down there.
Also, we've been talking about the impact of the East Coast of Florida.
But it looks like the West Coast has to look for that as well.
That's correct.
There's early four o'clock this morning when I got up at my house.
We had a strong van come through that brought us in tropical storm force winds.
And now we're getting some pretty strong vans, especially in the Miami-Dade County.
That could even produce some hurricane force dust.
So the tropical storm warning that we have for a Broward and Palm Beach County
is in the hurricane warning for Miami-Dade County are certainly warranted
given how far out the winds extend from the center of this hurricane.
And I would say there's like some heavy reds and yellows up in the Palm Beach County
just across the bar of Palm Beach line, because we don't want those folks to be left out.
Now, officially a hurricane reed a rolled through the keys today
but it's dangerous.
Courage on a little farther away from Key West has developed in that partially covered
residence of that vulnerable island.
Are those idiots those Yahoo Rednecks who are sitting around getting sloshed to stay in their trailer parks?
Yeah.
I mean, want to win with.
Nevertheless, the storm rocked a low-lying island,
trained with powerful wind highs, easing the slashing rain.
Sea water already covered portions of U.S. one of the overseas highway.
A chocolate tinted ocean.
A chocolate tinted.
I wonder if that's from the debris from New Orleans, you think?
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
They might back up all the way across the Atlantic.
All the way to Chuck Alok there, whatever.
Yeah.
In fact, even some of them European people might see it.
A chocolate tinted ocean, fit with debris with angry waves across the narrow stretch of road
and I'm around a CO2 speech.
The road clean and pristine and the early morning clean and pristine
was caked with seaweed, garbage cans and beer bottles.
By 10 o'clock this morning was nearly impossible.
The hurricane sporadic spiral bands also swept your muchest off road
with a particularly intense band advancing through Dade and Broward
between 10 and 11 this morning.
That was what we were talking about.
Heavy bands.
We're expecting we to hurl some very bad weather to a day.
Even Browards had forecast a Richard Nath.
That's what was just on there.
The National Hurricane Center in West Dade.
It would at least appear to be awake as opposed to those other two dunderheads.
The Dade, the Miami Dade Expressway Authority closed Westbound lanes of
St. Louis, the Dolphin from 8,727 to 7th Avenue.
It was the same area that closed after an under construction bridge
collector in Katrina as you'll well recall that disaster.
That's a buckle.
Many flights were canceled at Miami International.
See, that's probably why Moe ain't coming back in.
I'm trying to put this together for it being the Sherlock Holmes that I am.
He can't make it back in.
Right.
I would be surprised if he was doing that game in New York,
the New Orleans, the Giants game last night.
Find out, Josh.
Call out idiot in there and see what the deal is on it.
I bet you need to do one of those games last night.
All right, I'll do it with that.
And what's with those Dallas uniforms anyway?
What is that?
Are they trying to kick it old school?
An American Legion team or what?
They're kicking them, said they win that game or what?
No, they lost.
Who is that game in?
Oh, they're Redskins.
They're Redskins.
Two girls teams.
Anyone preparing to fly out of software,
they should check with the airline before leaving home.
You know what I just said?
Anybody planning to fly out of there
should check with the airline before you leave home
because otherwise you might make a wasted trip to AMI.
It says unbelievably, Rita's now the 7th hurricane in Florida
and 14 months.
Another really good reason not to be there.
Boy, it is sunny and beautiful here.
I don't want to rub it in.
That's all right.
I'm not letting my breath out until everything is clear.
Coral, give a city manager David Brown.
So does he study city's emergency operations center?
You're doing a hell of a job, Brownie.
That should be this evening.
Not a good name to be having if you're doing some
weather-connected business right now.
Brownie, hound.
That should be this evening.
It says forecasted said Rita sustained wins cross the...
So we know that.
Oh, let's see.
But it moved.
About the storm dangerous.
Coral was expected to make its closest approach to Key West.
Around 230, precisely when high tide arrives at Key West Harbor.
Water already covered portions of US-1 with a 73.5 mile marker
along the 110 mile marker.
And elsewhere, authority said, rising water also reported along the 18 miles
stretch between Florida City and Key Largo.
Governor Jeb Bush, always and ever to loss for words, came up with the profound statement.
A very serious storm is hitting our state.
How do you like that?
I wonder where he stuck his...
Wow.
Isn't that something?
Residents of the Florida Keys may receive some roof damage, domes and businesses.
The National Weather Service Office in Key West said, some trees and powerfuls may be toppled
as well.
Mobile homes are not safe.
So all you've drunks in your trailer park, you track the idiots.
Good luck to you, okay?
We'll bury some beer bottles along with you.
We'll put one in the box.
Six to eight inches of rain expected in the Key's a storm surge of four to seven feet
mainly along south facing shores.
Could uninnovate some islands later today.
Key's authority said the tirading conditions compelled them to recommend that anyone
still there no longer consider evacuation too late.
Instead motorists should immediately seek shelter.
Or just around an act like a jackass and run around the near storm.
Stick your finger in a power line.
Or is this thing alive or what?
Yeah, it is, but you're not.
How's that?
You idiots, you quizzlings, you...
You ferry.
Yeah.
See God is really peered with all that gay stuff.
That's why hitting the whirlens at the weekend of that big festival they were supposed to have there.
That's theftible.
And now he's going after Key West.
He sees what's going on there and he's not pleased.
He's seasoning it pleased.
You know what I'm saying?
What he says.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm just looking at those.
I don't know. It's just kind of fun to look at this especially when you're not in it.
When you're in it, it's probably not all that great.
Now what's it like right there?
I mean, you got your finger even stick out the window.
Yeah, I don't know.
We don't have a window here.
Well, I know that.
But I mean, during the break you had to go out there and take a look out the window.
And you know what I mean?
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
What is it?
What was it?
I don't know.
And I got a moment to call on them.
So more had jury duty in New York.
Uh-oh.
That doesn't sound like a good combination of me.
567.5560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Line 9, WQAM.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
I'm Wussarding.
You today from right to left on my radio dial.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Stay on the left.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
When is to you?
I'm in Hollywood and the branch just fell off a tree.
Oh, no.
You might want to know if I channel 7 so I can get over here right away and film.
Maybe they'll send this to come out on there.
Maybe she'll get out for a couple of days to come in and do a little cleanup.
Hey, I've got a problem.
My computer went down.
So I can't vote in your poll.
Yeah.
But I would want to vote for JFK.
So I just mailed it in.
And I'm sure, you know, Jebel find it and get back in a couple of years.
Stick it in the bottle and put it in the water, man.
We'll have it in no time at all.
Okay.
Thanks, Dave.
Yeah, we got to pass it by Catherine Harris, though, first to make sure if your vote counts
you not sounded like a white guy to me.
I guess we can give him like a half a vote.
He loses half because he listens to this show.
And of course, you dark folks out there.
Republicans want to make sure you understand no more dark folks voting.
It's just they're not good for them.
It's not good for America the way they shit.
So no more dark folks don't even try to vote.
Don't even leave the house on election day.
600 one votes on our poll.
That's not too bad, huh?
Not for any other captive audience today.
We could do like 700, I think.
We don't really care.
We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you.
Because we know that you're on your way now to Home Depot.
And a little bit later, I would say, I can't stand the night, say yesterday, go and do whatever you want to do.
And shutters and stuff like that.
Whatever makes you feel better, whatever you ordinarily do if you've got a hurricane coming.
Just do it yesterday.
Not today is what we said.
They listen to us.
No.
What one thing you want to know most before you die, before they stick your ass in that box and you have a nice nap.
Just stop and think about, I want to say this to all you people are afraid of dying of death.
Just think about like if you have a dial amatric mattress.
You know, you have a really great night's sleep and you have no nightmares or anything to disturb it.
You'll have to wake up in the middle of the night to take a leak or you're just, you sleep real solid.
All through the night.
Rock solid.
Isn't that nice?
That would be.
With no problems, no tourists, no pressure, no bills to pay, that's death.
602 votes is what we got.
Is there a life after death 166?
I can tell you already, forget about it.
Is there a life on other planets, 106?
Yes.
Who kills AFK, 88?
Anybody but Oswald?
Is there really a god, 59?
Why 50% of America is so dumb, 41?
Was 911 an Eocon conspiracy, 41?
Look at more like it every day.
What are the 11 herbs and spices the curl uses, 18?
Is Hank over gay, 17?
How many lixes does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop, 10?
What's the secret sauce of the Big Mac, 10?
Does my spouse cheat on me, 10?
Yes.
Why are talkshow color such a holes nine?
Who killed cock robin eight?
Who killed robin's?
Where's Oswald, some of it, lot in six?
Is Elvis still a lie five?
Does my spouse know I cheat five?
And is it a horseshoe or a four leaf clover upgrade reads?
Beto!
Ask!
This is Neil Robinson!
This is 516 QAF!
Where are he beating 12 to 1 hour on WQAF?
Coming up tonight, on the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
His real man was Norman Cook, but let's face it, how are you going to succeed as a club DJ with a BAM!
A man like that, he was back boy swimmer.
Boy, that wasn't very nice, making fun of me real name.
Chicky Belida.
I'm sorry, I guess.
It's just that you aren't really a musician.
Well, what makes you say that? You're bastard.
Well, you just take other sounds and mess around with him.
Big deal.
Oh, big deal, eh?
Yeah. I haven't seen anything very creative in that.
Oh, yeah, down, do you?
No.
I, I, I, I, I don't see anything very creative.
Hey, nothing to it, isn't it?
Ma-a.
Well, you just take two others, two others, other sounds, mess around with them.
Big, big deal.
You, you, you.
Not creative, eh?
Not creative, eh?
Yeah, Wanko.
All right, all right, you win.
You're a freaking genius, whatever.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing wood-looking show business tonight on inside the mind.
Well, I have never seen so many colorful pictures of my whole life as I got on this radar now.
It is just beautiful.
Wow.
Yellows, big blobs of yellows and reds and greens and blues.
By the way, that sight's not bad.
What's that?
That person left in, that hurricanecity.com.
All kinds of different radar things.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
And you got the webcam of people getting blown away in the keys and so-
Oh, never looked at that then.
Not yet?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh, what is this?
For your pool.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah, that's cute.
I would say-
That's third man.
Is what we're hearing around a building.
Something about Geldey's manhood.
We don't want to go into it.
Well, just goes to show you.
You can't always tell by the voice.
High squeaky, now, I guess we don't want to get joist, but I think that if you have a-
The general stereotype is that if you have a low-booming horse, you've got large gonads.
Not necessarily right.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
So maybe he's got like a BBs.
That could be.
Could be.
But other than that, we understand.
So I'm looking at those yellows.
Now, let's see.
Up all the way to Bill Glade.
As a matter of fact, I'm seeing some oranges.
So when people up in Palm Beach County, do you talk to Booker Brian?
No.
Well, probably his phone is out.
Probably the power is out too.
That's only probably because he couldn't afford to pay the bill.
Five-six, and by the way, you'll get some money soon, Baldi.
Just relax, chicken neck.
Just don't be no pressure in people for money.
I just- I'm just reaching the point of my life where I get really tired of that real fast.
You know what I'm saying, Josh?
Huh?
Five-six, seven-oh-five-six.
Be pound-five-six-the-uh-pick for rising.
And singular wireless line.
Just like Linda Blair said.
In time.
Remember she said that?
Do that again.
In time.
That's one of my favorite scenes where she slaps the drawer open in the- whatever that was.
Nightstand, the shipper rope, whatever that was.
Nothing worse than when those drawers snap open real fast.
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello.
Neil, where will Josh come out of the closet?
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello.
Neil, where will Josh come out of the closet?
Yeah.
Do we have an echo in here or what?
Yeah.
There they are again.
I wonder who's on top.
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello.
Yes, I am.
I can't move to the pole.
Yes.
Before I die, I would like to know who shot two packs.
Who shot two packs?
There you go.
Okay, who does?
Isn't that pressing on your mind?
Oh, yes.
The pressing on my back.
Who shot two packs and who's buying the six pack?
That's what everybody wants to know.
So they're going to be moving towards Kendall and then handing on that towards downtown.
And then also some of the keys getting bigger right now.
Krawiwa, San Key, and to Elliott Key, sitting down towards Key Largo, expect to just torrential downpours with these expect flash.
Both of them are in wind gusts.
No kidding.
And 50 miles per hour.
There are breaks behind them, but then there are more thunderstorms beyond that.
So they're going to move through very quickly, however, about 35 miles per hour.
Some of the wind reports are beginning.
Man, oh man.
I'll tell you one thing.
Some of the people in Dave County, the commies are coming.
The commies are coming because those big blobs of red.
The reds are coming, man.
Kalanista Kalanista.
Not for our gusts in 25 in Fort Lauderdale, while it's 30 at West Palm Beach.
I want to take a look at the track here.
Where we're expecting to go.
Probably not going to be making that direct hit across the keys, but the eye wall certainly will get very close into the Gulf of Mexico.
Intensifying into a major hurricane.
Best odds at this time are Texas.
Still can't quite rule out Northern Mexico.
Now it's turning there.
The category of three.
Derek.
Still a very large potential.
I'm going to see even at the outer edge of that cone that they had on their DC.
It was just on the assent of New Orleans.
So if it would jog a little bit to the north sooner.
Not that we're hoping for that because those old vectors are already pushing it up there.
I'm sure I'm trying to push it toward Texas.
And that's because the Lord is peoted bush.
And since Bush is the Crawford Texas lunatic, that's why the Lord, see, he missed Texas the first time.
Because like I always told you, sometimes the Lord's got bad aim.
You know, it's like a picture.
Sometimes you just can't find a strike zone like Steve Blas.
But then the Lord says, OK, well, let me pitch it again and see if they can catch it in Texas.
He's pitching their catch in.
You know what I mean?
You're fair.
What do you mean?
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'll snip my own ass.
Well, have a good time.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, I use a little speed topic of conversation.
Why is it?
Hold on.
Let me get your office speaker.
You're giving me office speaker.
Oh, what are we talking about?
As far as three.
What are we talking about?
Yeah.
We're talking about why people call and have nothing to say.
Well, I got something to say.
Well, let's hear it.
We're on the game last night.
What game was that?
The safety.
Yeah, I'm right.
5.670560, pound 560.
That's one of your people.
I guess his boyfriend's been show up today for the weekly Tuesday circle.
Kama.
Look at that.
Look at all the yellows in the rain.
This is sure pretty on the radar.
I just, I'm so distraughted that the thing about Hank not having a computer.
I bet you that if I bought it, let's buy him a gift.
I'll buy it and then the Jackson go over to his house and set it up.
I don't know if he would comply even under those terms.
In other words, he wouldn't accept it.
I don't know.
Remember I was going to buy him that thing, the the acutect thing for the blood sugar or diabetes.
Yeah, I think that's it.
I don't know if he won't use it, right?
That's that's sad.
Very sad.
But it's one of those things, okay?
Because I know a lot of people are always saying, oh, well, I'm diabetic,
but I got it in, you know, under real good control.
My blood sugar was 80 this morning as they reach you over for the dinner rolls at the table of pump at a park.
You know, I want to mention names.
I mean, you do your best and of course I couldn't admit that I had ice cream yesterday,
but that would be probably a bad, you know, that I did.
You know how what a bad mistake I made yesterday.
This goes to show you that sugar reduction every now and then when it be,
you least expect it just rears it's only rear.
Dualstay the Lachee Hagen does.
Now, you know what I think of that flavor.
I think that we were just a it's watery man.
It's watery and like a lot of stuff that your fellow countrymen like it's tasteless.
And it's got like a little caramel in it if you'd like search real hard.
You know, it's got a little bit of that which is pretty good, but it's pretty weak.
They didn't have my banana nut.
Now, I'm going to show you again.
I'll admit it to you.
I could have walked another block and gotten my Hagen does banana nut.
A pint.
But because it was so much closer to get the dualstay the Lachee Hagen,
I just settled for that and rushed back in here,
popped into microwave and just inhaled it.
And then I felt so much better.
What? Well, it's just the way it is man.
When you got your drug of choice,
your drug do sure that's my drug is sugar.
Azucara keeps on going to see the cruise.
I look at the mirror and I think see the cruise.
And then I rush right out and give me a pint.
Let's see, all the way up to Belgrade or the yellows right now and kind of like moving across.
In fact, from Palm Beach County, from the middle Palm Beach,
and look at Naples man, Naples is getting the hammered right now.
I hope they get joy.
Yeah, wouldn't be something if she got it.
Oh, that'd be something.
Oh, would we have a party or what?
Forget about Greg, he's small potatoes.
If Joyce got the old Rudy Kazooty over there in Naples, man,
we would have such a big party, we'd have a celebration,
everybody would show up.
WQAM, hello.
Phil.
Yes, sir.
Poor, it's a poor year for Bill Kamal,
a poor guy's in jail with all these hurricanes.
That'd be going through withdrawal.
Yeah, that's true. That's a good point.
We'll send him some Hagen does.
I think he's what banana nut.
That's what I heard.
You're fairing.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I always walk that extra block to get better case and drugs.
That's a good point.
That's what George says.
He has to walk a block and a half to get over to that barber shop.
56670560, pound 566.
They don't have much going on today,
but you know something.
This is a good outlet for them.
It's excellent.
New Orleans reversed their, come on down the program.
They said, get out and get going back.
To make their way around.
So if you know the back streets, they have to go to the back street.
They say that it's still pretty easy to get into town.
Yeah, they said it's pretty, it's still pretty easy in the back street.
I've got to that place as long since closed in it.
So if a back street is closed, just go to the copo, okay?
That's probably closed to in it.
They closed down all those fact places sooner or later.
Yellows in the greens and oranges and reds and just the sweeping right across.
Now, how's that?
I want to take my own person to look.
I don't believe these people.
I want to see it for myself.
You know what I mean?
All right.
I want to see the long range loop.
And I want to see just if that thing is really going to do west or if they're fun on us.
Yeah, it does really look like, you know, and the people in the key west are those right next in the trailer park.
I said, I'll thank God for that.
Let's have another one open, another cake.
But it's still in fact, it looks like Havana's going to get a pretty nasty, a bunch of rain and stuff.
Lord, Lord ain't too happy with that crap going on.
Now, where is it that alien lives?
He lives away in Western Cuba, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, you don't come.
Oh, they're kind of a Cuban.
Are you a man?
You turn code.
I think those curbans, those curbans that pick on you, I think they're right.
The curbans, the curbans with the turbines, the curbans were the turbines.
And they drink a lot of bourbon.
In fact, if you're away to New Orleans, they'd probably be on bourbon street.
But anyway, it looks like Havana's going, now he's in one of some little town in Western Cuba,
which we're supposed to know that and they're not going to get hit because alien is there in the Lord wants to protect him and the gods of Mishfah.
And of course, what's his name?
Mugansolos.
What's the daddy's name?
Oh, let me get it.
See how I'm going to get it, man, because it makes me think of that pit that I'm going to have to play after the break.
From a last noon at 560, also with that old bourge, Georgie, what's that thing called?
Oh, W.
God, I love it so much.
When you agree that's one thing.
It's short.
Look at sneaketing.
Oh, I come from Prague, protects us from the guitar on my knee.
Oh, they died in the weeds.
And I'm high-race, fast for the G-O-P.
Oh, cold, cut, train, ah, don't put no blame on me.
And I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now do a little swim through the warless town.
Jump to the left, to the right, here we go.
Swing a little much, ah, don't see no.
Oh, cut, train, ah, I can't those people clean.
And the first of the leaves, the other than it is for your right knee.
I'm dying on the hands.
That's a lullaby.
1213 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday.
Stay inside.
Don't be a fool, okay?
For years I've been telling you about dry concepts.
The best carpet cleaning company around.
But you know that dry concepts can also save you hundreds,
even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you.
Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning,
a poultry and leather furniture restoration,
macros cleaning, oriental rug cleaning,
pet odor treatments, water damage to.
And especially with what's going on today,
keep that water damage thing in mind.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your talent grow quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts for professional staff is always improving the
serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented.
And during this month, during September,
we should take advantage of their summer scissor number two package
and water damage special.
Dry concepts from carpet cleaning to talent grow cleaning
and everything in between the only place to call,
which is why I've been using them for over 20 long,
excruciating years in my homes.
Use them once you never dream of calling anybody else.
No rip offs, no surprises.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
Indeed, Broward and Appam Beach's column at 1-800-248-5071.
On the Wicked Web, it's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neurodgers.
This is 5.62-A-F.
On McGill and Zones, Father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well, Mr. Gonzlez, how was your trip?
Very good, gracias.
Have any questions before we go, Father?
See, see, see, these box with the pictures.
It's incredible. What is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, tell me.
Mr. Roy, what does Waza mean?
Pardon me?
Waza!
Oh, well, it means what's up?
Like what's going on?
Waza!
Right, it's a greeting.
Waza!
Now, I know that you're uncomfortable being here.
This is a very difficult time for you soon.
Mmm!
Mmm!
What is it?
Oh, this pizza!
Stuffed crust pizza!
He's incredible!
How did they get the Mazzar energy into the crust?
I'm not sure.
So, as I was saying...
Waza!
Yeah, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible
and get you home as quickly as possible.
Bye, bye, bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band In Sync
with my new Sony Discman.
It's incredible!
Yes, Mr. Gonzalez.
They are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Just another play and you're getting for two.
You must take me, must be, take no lie!
Bye, bye, bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
Why do you look all?
I love it here!
10,300 channels on table and I can watch all the Yankee games!
What, sir?
Mr. Ninoia, but is it Mr. Gonzalez?
Waza!
What happened to you?
We got on a poll right now.
Take a quick peek.
Six, six, six?
All right.
Six, sixty, six.
All right.
The anti-Christ is here, baby, and we're proud of it.
Wait till you hear this.
In a move they say could score home runs with both the Florida Marlins
and those who aren't baseball fans, two Western official last bad-ass governor,
Jim Bush this week, tobacco proposal, letting local governments join with the Marlins
to build a single venue to serve as a baseball stadium and a set of hurricane evacuees.
Really?
Right.
Well, I saw what happened with the super dome and the Astridome and the Skydome.
I mean, the Roger Center.
Just one word of advice.
They're going to build that thing.
Yeah.
Lots of toilets.
Oh, yeah.
Lots of turlits that work.
Unlike QAM.
Well, we haven't even talked about that.
The fact that you had to go down in the second floor now, did you have to pick the locker?
No, it was unlocked.
Well, thank God for that.
But, yeah, it was unlocked.
Well, yeah.
Those locks are easy.
What kind of a place is that?
We got a restroom on the third floor, all these people in there on the turd floor, and it's not working.
I guess maybe they're trying to plan ahead for the hurricane, you know?
Is that it?
Yeah, they're trying to make you feel, you know, a little sympathy, you'll be ready for the people in the Orleans, right?
A lot of pressure.
Oh, speaking of pressure, we got the trend coming out on Friday, but we don't do trends anymore.
We'll just give a real quick thumbnail sketch if we did well.
If we did bad, we just won't talk about it.
Western, and if the other place did really, really bad again, we'll talk about that a lot.
You know, the place that has basically a point.
Oh!
Western Mayor Eric Kirsch and City Manager John Flint said a combined set would justify using public money to finance a venue for the Marlins,
because it would also give the governments of Broward, Dayton, possibly Palm Beach counties, a facility with showers, food service, water, other necessities,
housing vacuities, a place to evacuate.
Wouldn't it be great to evacuate?
Yeah.
The same letter as last week to Dave Kuddy, managed my mother, were like that.
To Dave Kuddy, managed your George Burgess and Marlins President David Sampson, suggesting the public-private partnership.
They planned to send a similar letter to the fat ass governor Bush.
They will also suggest that President George Bush, considered the concept nationally,
helped sports teams fund venues while avoiding future problems, similar to what happened during an actor Katrina in Nalines.
You see, I'm assuming that they guessed that the idea of these people going to the Superdome was a good idea, which really was not.
Not at all.
And if they're working with a wobble just a little bit to the west and given the direct hit downtown, probably wouldn't have to worry about those people or the Superdome right now,
because they both all be no longer with us.
To work here in Flandstead, the event would have to be near Dolphin Stadium at the Dave Brower Line, rather than near the Orange Bull, which we agree wholeheartedly on that.
Don't we, Josh?
Yes, we do.
Nobody wants to go to Dave County. Why don't you people in Dave County understand it?
It's not personal as you want to take it personal.
Nobody wants to go there. Don't you get it?
Nobody wants to go to Dave County. And certainly nobody wants to go all the way down to that Orange Bull.
Yeah, it's one thing to be in Dave County, but, uh, well, it could be just, I mean, I'm talking about into the county.
Well, I mean, you know, you're sitting in Dave County right now, but you're just close enough for the county line to be ready for a quick escape.
Yeah, I'm okay with that.
The location would also be close at a Palm Beach County.
Should residents there need it as a refuge?
Well, in the last time I checked, Weston isn't exactly near the Dave Brower Line.
I mean, I could be wrong about that, but what does that mean?
It would have to be near Dolphin Stadium. Weston is not near Dolphin Stadium.
At any rate, Weston, which has no land available for development, would only be involved as an interested party.
Oh, I see. I see. I said, I didn't understand that.
These are people from Weston, but they're not going to build it in Weston.
They're going to build it near the, uh, who knows where somewhere in the Adamsville.
I think they said this would be a win-win for everyone.
Hurse said the Marlins are looking at building a stadium.
We in government should be looking to wait to protect the public.
And this may be one way to do both.
A lot of people oppose using tax dollars to finance the stadium because they live too far.
I have no interest in the sports.
But it can be demonstrated that the public has a potential use of facility.
Then elected officials at every level would have a much better case for justifying public participation.
He says, do I believe that? No. No.
Because I mean, a hurricane shelter.
How, you know, how, how often would that happen really?
That we have a hurricane so severe that we'd have to like win and doubt evacuate.
Right. And by the way, you know, they didn't use public funds for it.
They'd use the stadium for evacuees anyway. Right.
That is correct. How come they can't use the present stadium for evacuees?
Exactly. Just because there's never dome on top. I mean, big deal.
It's a little rain anyway. Burgess was busy with hurricane preparations.
Monday in city and reviewed the letter of spokeswoman said,
Samson said he couldn't come. And as they had received letter and yadi yadi.
The Republican governor and Republican control legislature would have to approve
and state representative Susan Goldstein Republican Weston said she approves.
She likes it. Hey, Susan, you go on. Happy she was goldstein says.
I wonder if she's kind of guilty goldstein, you think?
Yeldy, goldstein. Goldstein said such a venue could provide a safe environment for residents
as well as a place for hospital patients and people with special needs.
Now, you see, you don't build a stadium. I mean, why not just build a shelter?
Okay. Why not build a bunch of shelters that would cost a hell of a lot less than the $400 million
would take to build a stadium? Honey, I mean, it's a little bit, I don't know.
Next you think it's a little bit over the top? It is.
I think they're reaching just a little bit.
Hersh and Flint said the Marlins would be responsible for the portion of the expensive
primitive to baseball. Local government would pay for the added expense
of making the facility strong enough to withstand a category five hurricane.
Plus, the expanded restroom, showers and food service facilities needed to accommodate the evacuees.
And of course, all the real jocks in the first could go in there and just take showers together,
even during good weather. All the Q and M people.
We learned two things from Katrina Flint said,
one, when government orders in evacuees, they must provide a means for all persons to evacuate.
And two, you have to order a shelter with an aqued means to maintain order, hygiene, food,
and most of all dignity.
Last week, tomorrow, the one we know about that.
Not looking good in Dave County.
Well, that would be the one good thing if they go ahead and do something, but it's not in Dave County.
People do want, although I will say this, I know that Wayne was losing money there
and too bad. I have crocodile tears for him every day of my life.
But the old Miami arena, when the Panthers were playing there, even though it didn't have enough seats to make money,
didn't have all the sky boxes, yada yada yada.
The atmosphere of the Panther Games was a zidian time is better than in the Inua Arena than the Bank America Bank.
What is it now? Bank Atlantic, the Inter Center?
What are we going to call it?
Yeah.
You know, it's a beautiful building. It's a nice facility, but the atmosphere in there is the sterile is the inside of a bandaid box.
No matter how loud they crank up the noise, so it busts your eardrums, it doesn't make any difference.
It just doesn't have the same ambiance if it catches my grip.
And how about those Panthers?
How about those Panthers tickets?
What are they going to show up, boys?
I don't want to get into a survey or anything like that.
They only got two home exhibition games as the first ones are 29.
Who's getting those?
Who's getting those?
I'm getting those.
That's who they're getting those.
Now, all of a sudden, you're a hockey fan that you might have some free tickets?
Oh, I'd go to a couple of games.
You know, well, I'm sure you can have all the tickets you want, because I don't think that a lot of them are going to be used.
Some will be in the evening and make a Georgia would arrange a contact for that.
Okay, you know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
Okay, but I like Miguel.
Don't plan on just scouring through or just raping the season ticket.
It's just criminal what he does.
And then he's got the nerve to give me a son of a dance.
Well, have you read too many stories on the air?
I don't like the bedtime.
You know, we don't care what you like Miguel.
Okay, go back to bedtime.
Maybe he can make a few more kids.
When he told me that it is another one, and she's got another one in the oven.
Yeah.
She is this man.
What do you people going to slow down a little bit?
A tooth, a quota.
Any more?
Yeah, that's what you think.
Why do you think that this business about the Hispanic population is going to be like 95% of America?
It's the same a little room for us.
Crackers and shfows.
What do you say?
He said that your mom had their rabbit.
Two.
All right.
Yeah. Well, in other words, you tell me that he's stopping now.
He's just getting going now.
Oh, sorry.
Hey, listen, the more the merrier is me.
They're trying like crazy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16 QAL.
I want to fall.
Don't fall.
Go, go, go.
Mother, you're telling the big house.
I ended up saying.
But now she's out of her junk suit.
And back to making the loose.
Took off her ankle, break, said.
She said the thing fit too tight.
She's a meaty and more good.
And she's ready to fight.
If you like Mother Silva,
you can be happy to know.
She's got to look at these shows.
Is that a live radio?
He won't be able to afford her.
Because she's on all the time.
Pretty good for a lady who committed a crime.
Not so closely apprentice.
When she's on NBC,
then her new day time talk show
will have her role in the dough.
Scream at her employee
while she makes polpour with.
She'll recapture her glory
and she wants to be called M.B.D.
If your life is still worth,
you'll be happy to know.
She's got to look at these shows.
Is that a live radio?
He won't be able to afford her.
Because she's on all the time.
Pretty good for a lady who committed a crime.
Don't worry about whatever's happening out here.
Just get inside your home and stay there.
This water is rising down.
It's coming up very quickly here.
It's the storm surge of the bus.
Inside the bus.
Let's sit around this way over here.
Tim, take a walk with me over here.
As we tread through this water
and the deepest part of this water
actually came up to our knees over here.
Take a look at this home right here.
There is no one inside.
But you can see Tim,
that's going to go up to the door right here.
You can see the water starting to rise.
No one is inside this house.
You can see that storm surge really coming up.
These waves are coming up over the fourth foot wall.
I find it coming in here.
The storm surge is unbelievable.
That's coming in.
The bridge in this house can't wait to come here.
He actually does think in his home.
He also has a carbon-fackel hose
and a broken thread.
And he's actually heading towards the water.
There's a little red floating around there.
If you're hungry, be quiet.
Be quiet, stick it out here.
Obviously, that's not the only low fit finding the water.
But nevertheless, 25 to 1 a.k.a.
I see West Palm beaches about.
You're going to be next.
If you're listening to West Palm, which I can't imagine.
Can you imagine what our signal sound like today?
Like that.
Snap crackle and pop.
In fact, if there's a cloud in the sky, you know.
And especially when you're on 441,
you get under those power wires.
I'd pop.
Forget about it.
Oh, here's the South Florida peninsula at this time.
Some very heavy rain in my, the Miami area.
As you see, these outer bands continue to push in.
And some of the same areas now.
It's been getting hit hard over and over.
The past couple of hours in particular.
The sand keys.
And then also down towards LEA key right here.
Look at those red bands.
Down towards Key Largo.
Expecting several inches of rainfall as these feeder bands
continue to push on it.
And this red line here, that's part of the tornado watch.
So any of these storms, a few of them could possibly
spin off a tornado or a water spout and then turn into a tornado
as it makes its way on shore.
Oh, my God.
I can see the satellite picture of this storm.
And notice the eye.
Just stay calm now.
It's not a little bit.
So another sign that this storm is strengthening 85 mile
per hour winds.
Oh, now let me say this to you.
Did you, were you watching that?
Yeah.
I know.
Just give my own opinion.
Okay.
Nothing invasive.
But if that didn't look like it made a little jog
in the Northwest, then my name is Isha Bibl.
Okay, it's Moishi Pupik.
It's that they just don't, huh?
It is doing that.
It looks like it.
Well, that's what it looks like there.
But these have a tendency of like less Cooper would say
the old wiggle wobble.
They wobble.
They wiggle and they wobble.
And once in a while, like John Kerry used to do,
they wobble.
They wobble is what they do, which makes for a hell of a good breakfast.
In fact, get that loaf of bread out of the water there in the keys.
Isn't that something these idiots said it just never fails?
They're never going to stop doing it.
Yeah.
Always put these goofball reporters out there and they like,
they got the whole rubber outfit on, rubber suit,
like the one at Tom Fielder was wearing when he was chasing Gary Hart and Donna Rice,
the French code.
And they're all running around with a microphone.
They're talking to these people saying,
oh, a lady ought to be inside.
Well, what did you do on outside?
You morons, you idiots, okay?
You ought to be inside.
Then she went out for the interview for her, you know,
two seconds of fame, just pathetic.
So if you want to know why you're so many stupid people just watch that crap.
Okay, how's the poll coming?
I think we got like close to 700 vote on there.
That's pretty impressive to me considering most of these people ought to be
at home deep by under this queen and lumber and lumber for the next one.
719 votes on the poll.
Pretty good.
What one thing you want to know almost before you die, before you croak,
before your maker finally says,
hey, your time is up.
I got your number.
Is the life after that?
180 five.
I'll tell you right now.
Oh, no, forget about that.
Is there a life on other planets?
120.
Who killed JFK 105?
Is there really a god?
70?
Yes, there's a...
Oh, god!
And that's it.
Why 50% of America is so dumb 61?
Was 911 Neocon conspiracy 49?
Is Hank Olberg gay 26?
What are the 11 herbs and spices the currently uses 22?
Was the kernel gay?
Why are all talk show collar such a holes 12?
Does my spouse cheat on me 11?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop 10?
Why haven't had a Tootsie Pop in years?
It just has no appeal to me.
It's chum.
And do they still have that chewy stuff inside?
Yeah, that's the Tootsie Roll.
That's the roll.
The old Tootsie Roll.
In fact, into whirlings there are a few of those floating around.
Roll it around.
What's the secret of the Big Mac secret sauce 10?
Where is Osama Yamama 9?
Who killed Cockrobin 9?
Is it a horse you were fully fover up Greg Reads?
Back home.
S7.
And I bet you most of those came from inside the building.
They know what I'm talking about.
We're on to you, Greg.
We've been on to you for a long time.
Just like the public is finally getting on to the bushmeister.
We're all on to you too, Greg.
Best of luck to you.
Don't let the door hit you, Niasa, in a way out.
And we're starting to like, I don't know, be very skeptical of that report that he planted.
And oh, why did I subscribe to that inside radio thing?
Tom Taylor, please.
You're a good guy and you're doing your best for the radio groupies out there.
But every morning now, I got like pages and pages of this crap on my fax machine when I come in here.
They got to cut down all these maple trees to make the paper for my faxes from inside radio.
And none of it's of any interest, Prado.
Does my spouse know I cheat six?
Is Elvis still alive?
Five?
And who shot two pack has got to appear out of 719 votes.
We're kicking some serious bloody ass today, baby.
Make no mistake about it.
We got Curtis Stevens in a two for the momeister.
How do you like that?
I do like that.
Mad Doggett for a 635, the Marlon pregame, Marlon's at the Metz, but I had a huge, huge series.
Well, Houston can, you know, is clowned to bring it up and down.
And I feel like, now who the Phillies play?
Do we know Josh?
Oh, I don't.
But why not?
Don't you have a newspaper?
They don't have a schedule?
I mean, I could look it up, but for crying out for glasses.
So guys, huh?
Well, why not do that?
I don't want to like, you know, overwhelm you with work, but the Phillies must be playing somebody.
I mean, let me guess who they might be playing.
I read a good day.
Maybe they're playing the cardinals.
Maybe they're playing a good play on the Braves.
Well, they're playing the Braves not on the Marlon's play, the Braves this weekend.
So the Braves could be like party poopers, right?
Could be.
Could be.
Braves and of course the Braves are like, now they haven't clinched officially yet, right?
But they're like on a verge.
You might as well call it that.
Yeah.
Why do you do that a long time ago?
Because, you know, Miley, I want 80 million years in a row and you were right.
Just don't even play the season as far as, let the Braves sit out.
I agree.
Because just can see the division championship them a year after year.
Even when they're like mediocre like they are this year.
They're just not that good this year.
And Greg Maddox just celebrated 75th birthday.
What do I tell you about him?
Okay.
Non-copy's weakness.
You want to...
I jump, did you see that?
How was that?
They were just rewinding some of the toys they had, some jackass and standing in a two feet of rain.
And they just rewound it right on the air.
Nice go and CNN.
This is Miley Ruff.
Rock, rock, solid.
He's 5'60, QA.
We all need a first vacation.
We're going to push one of my long vacation.
Increasingly extended periods of time.
We all need a long, long, slow, intense stay forever.
I just got back to my whirlwind tour.
It's hard work.
I've got a lot of failures in the world.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
We just tried to weekend.
With everything going wrong, he did what any of us would do.
He went on vacation.
Hey, boss, let us work this year.
But we have a lot of work to do.
Now get back to work.
All in all we really get no time off at all.
I only get two weeks of vacation a year.
How many days do I have to put in a vacation?
Over and over and over and over again.
Back to work.
Work again.
If you don't work your shift, you come out of any vacation.
How come you're out of vacation if you don't work your shift?
I'm going to pull it around.
I've got to get back to work.
14 to 11 QAM.
We forgot to speak in the hurricane all the other things we're getting distracted easily by.
We were supposed to tell Eric to cut the crap.
Every time we get to the website, the way I want it, and the way it ought to be,
and the way Josh wants it, something he said it was Josh's fault.
No.
About the cartoon being on top of the news story.
I don't want cartoons.
I don't want to pull on top.
Then I want the news stories.
Then all the other stuff can be underneath.
All the funny stuff, slack, mow in the head, and all the other good stuff, which is great.
But the cartoons, all these things, underneath, he's working on how to do that.
Right now they show up in whatever order they're sent along with the stories.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, they go to the same buffer as the story.
Well, quit sending the cartoons then, dammit.
Alright, well, they're going to a different place now.
Yeah, they sure are.
Correct them.
I know where they're going.
Not that it's a big deal, but I'm trying to end it, especially yesterday.
We had that Mike Mayo column that I put on the website.
Almost 300 people have read that so far, which means about five of them probably signed it and sent it into the legislature.
About the slots we want to the M slots now and cut the crap.
So you might want to take a look at that.
It's got to still be on there under all the stories, isn't it?
Because it was from yesterday.
Would it be Josh?
Should be on there.
I don't eat those damn cartoons.
So dear talent, Hansi, give a slots or we'll give you a grief.
You might want to click on that Mike Mayr.
I read it on the air, but probably most of you weren't listening anyway and who could blame you.
Okay, so here's some bad news.
This really inserves stirs me.
It won't bother either you because you don't go anywhere.
You certainly don't go to Europe.
Yeah, but once Josh gets that big race, maybe he'll take you with George.
Alright, we'll go to Amsterdam.
That's a good idea.
The other thing is you would have a fine time over there.
I can fly stuff in the gym.
Two European airlines will allow passengers late next year to use their own cell phones on commercial flights within Western Europe.
Oh my god.
Hey, do you need a base technology firm?
Say today that's bad news because once they open the door for that, it's going to be all the airlines are going to have to follow suit.
And then you're going to have to put up with all these jackasses.
Oh, hello, Joe. I'm not going to be an hour and a half late.
You know, hearing all these yentos on the...
I don't want to hear that.
It's bad enough now as it is.
TAP Air Portugal and British Carrier BMI both have agreed to introduce on-air's voice and tech service for cell phones and separate few month trial runs on-air chief executive George Cooper be saying.
The planes that should be the first allow passengers to make a receipt cause with their own cell phones while on board will give on-air the chance to access its service ahead of its general release in 2007 for everywhere in the world.
But North America, you said.
With both airlines, initially there will be a couple of airplanes tour three equipped with this system.
During the three months, we'll all be evaluating how it's going, what the usage is, how we handle the cruise use, etc. and so on.
On-air system will be used by TAP on its Airbus 321 model and by BMI on its Airbus 320s.
Both single-Ile planes primarily use for flights within Western Europe, like from Berlin to Amsterdam, like from Paris to a Rome, etc.
Like from Cologne to Ispraming, users of more like from Stuttgart, users of mobile phones and other handheld wireless devices with Rome just like any Stuttgart, don't you?
Love it.
Makes me feel right at home in the USA.
That kind of Nazi feeling gives you.
Users of mobile phones, other handheld wireless devices with Roman capability will be able to make and receive calls using a base station within the airplane.
They'll be allowed to turn their phones on after the plane reaches 10,000 feet when other electronic devices such as portable music players and laptops are permitted.
This travel guide us on usage patterns and some of the social issues and using mobile phones on the aircraft said BMI Chief Executive Nigel Turner.
It will also help us confirm the business case for rolling the service out across the remainder of the fleet as in fleet Enema.
Here's some more about that.
I'll just stand in the Houston area right here.
We don't want you to focus on the skinny line.
We always talk about the skinny line.
I don't focus on the skinny line.
But keep in mind, we're talking about how far out the windfield on this storm goes.
If it stays true to this track, which by the way errors this far out are more than 200 miles on occasion.
If it stays there, that will still keep the Galveston area and the bad side of the storm.
They're going to be seeing some very nasty storm surge and some very wicked winds beginning to move in.
Don't we have that song by Glenn Campbell, Galveston?
Hey, Glenn, crack it up for us.
Give me a minute.
Oh, let's see.
Here's a fact that says he missed the debate between George Galloway and the disgusting Christopher Hitchens.
Here's the audio fuck.
I don't want to hear Christopher Hitchens anymore when I wish my time.
I do have a great column about George Galloway.
Do I have time to read it?
It's long and the article too.
Where is it?
I think I just dropped it on the floor.
I don't know why this is happening there.
I never have this problem anymore.
And that's the only thing that's happening because I turned the stories around so I don't get all those marks on my chest.
Remember I was talking about that the other day?
Right.
It's going to have like sideways and it does make any difference anyway.
Hey, Glenn.
How's it going, baby?
Oh, Gellerson wants to do that no more.
It's a good thing that there's no such thing as global warming.
I'm so pleased that oh, here it is.
Galloway's practice invigorates and shocks Americans.
It's a little on the long side, but I think I might give it a shot.
Shall I give it a shot?
Do it.
I don't want to be reading.
Here are all these people who are trying to like batten down hatches and hatches and stay healthy from the hurricane.
John Nichols who writes for the capital times of medicine Wisconsin writes.
Americans who are familiar only with the almost always empty words and often empty heads of this country's political leaders can be a little shocked by George Galloway's pronouncements.
The British parliamentarian who came of age in the brawling political landscape of his native Scotland where a quick wit and a savage debating style are prerequisites for electoral success.
Does not mean words in the manner that most American politicians do considered Galloway statement in response to Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath.
The scenes from the Strican city almost defy belief many, many thousands of people left to die and what is the richest most powerful country on earth.
This obscenity is far from a natural disaster as George Bush and USA leader from the suffering masses of New Orleans.
The images of Bushlobs you're reading as ranch in a secretariat state shopping for $7,000 shoes while disasters swamped the US Gulf Coast will haunt this administration.
$7,000 shoes huh?
Kind of Lisa, you bitch.
In the most terrible way imaginable, they showed to the whole world that this is not only for lives of people in Baghdad, Fallujah and Palestine that Bush holds cheap.
It's also its own citizens. The black and poor people left behind with no food water or shelter.
This is not simply manslaughter to incompetence, though the White House's incompetence abounds. It is murder.
For Bush was warned four years ago of the threat to New Orleans and surely as he was warned of the disaster that would come of his war in Iraq.
His is the America of Halibut and the M16 rifle, the cluster bomb, the gated communities of the rich and of the billionaires he grew up with in Texas.
There is another America. It's the land of the poor of Louisiana. It's the land of the young men and women economically conscripted into the military.
It's the land of the glorious multi ethnic mix that was New Orleans. It's the land of Malcolm X Martin Luther King and the great struggles for justice.
That's not exactly a politically correct response to the crisis. At least not in George Bush's America, muted debate and saffy partisanship.
But it is one that will ring true with a significant proportion of the American population as had Galway's pronouncements with regard to the war in Iraq.
Galway, now let's see what's the date on this. So yeah, Galway who will appear at 7 p.m. next Sunday at the Wisconsin Union Theater at the UW Madison campus,
became an instant hero to many opponents of the US occupation of Iraq when they previously little known member of British parliament, flew to Washington to appear before the Senate's permanent committee on investigations.
Senator Norm Coleman, Republican minister, a headline grabbing conservative, we try to position himself for a presidential run, had accused Galway and other European figures of opposing the Iraq war because they had received oil for food program kickbacks from Sodom Hussein.
In fact, Galway had successfully challenged the same accusations in Britain and going on to win a stunning victory in that country's May 5th election.
So Galway jumped at the chance to go before Coleman's committee, which he did in a remarkable May 17th appearance.
After we buttoned Coleman's charges, Mr. Chairman, I am not an honor if I have ever been an oil trader.
Neither's anyone been on my behalf. I've never seen a barrel of oil owned one bought one sold one and neither is anybody on my behalf.
Galway turned the table on his accused, and turned into the senator with a fire rate attack on the war and its proponents.
Now Senator, I gave my heart and solder a positive policy that you promoted. I gave my political life's blood trying to stop the mass killing of Iraqis by the sanctions on Iraq, which killed a million Iraqis, most of them children.
Most of them died before they even knew they were Iraqis, but they died for no other reason that they were Iraqis, with them in fortune being born at that time.
I gave my heart and sold a stop you committing to disaster that you did committing invading Iraq.
And I told the world that your case for the war was a pack of lies, Galway informed the fool on Capitol Hill.
I told the world that Iraq, contrary to your claims, did not have weapons of mass destruction. I told the world, contrary to your claims that Iraq had no connection to al-Qaeda.
I told the world, contrary to your claims that Iraq had no connection to the atrocity on 9-11. I told the world, contrary to your claims that the Iraqi people would resist a British and American invasion of their country, and that the fall of Bagh, that would not be the beginning of an end-the-end, but merely the end of the beginning.
Senator, everything I said about Iraq, I turned out to be right, and you turned out to be wrong, and 100,000 people paid with their lives, 1600 of them, now almost 2000 American soldiers, sent to their debts on a pack of lies, 15,000 of them wounded, many of them disabled forever on a pack of lies.
Coleman couldn't get out of the hearing room quick enough. The senator had met more than his match and he quickly changed topics.
For his part, Galway was stunned by Coleman's lack of preparation for the confrontation.
The senator's performance was pitiful and embarrassing. He didn't know the first thing about the matters he was raising since Galway, was clashed with some of the ageless legislators on the planet.
When I was told that Norm Coleman has presidential ambitions, I thought, I fear for America, I fear for the world, this man is not prepared to be a senator, little or later the most powerful country in the world.
If Galway was dismayed by the quality of American politicians, he was heartened by the responsibility of American people, and we see more than 20,000 emails from Americans in just the first few days after his appearance before the committee.
So how was the interest that he's now pinned to book on the incident, Mr. Galway goes to Washington, and is true this month of the West is drawing unprecedented crowds, more than 1,000 people attended his debate this week in New York with war backer Christopher Hitchens.
Galway is enjoying the chance to respond on his views before American audiences, even if he is sometimes frustrated by the determination of his critics to paint him as the beast of Britain.
He lacks that the claim that he's a friend of the post Iraqi dictator, Sodom, who's saying noting that he met or seemingly twice exactly the same number of times the Donald Rumsfeld met him, the difference he adds is that Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns.
Galway's impression of Sodom is far more nuanced than that of American politicians or commentators, but this is hardly a favorable view.
I found it would be a man who's capable of rational and irrational actions, which I think is the nature of dictatorship he explained.
To accusations that his militant opposition to the invasion of occupation of Iraq means he supports terrorism, Galway responds that he's opposed to killing of innocence by any group or any means, be it a suicide bomber or a bomb drop from an airplane flying overhead.
He rejects that the notion that the U.S. had great Britain ought to decide whether the insurgents in Iraq are legitimate representatives of popular sentiment in that country arguing instead is the height of imperialism to suggest that the Iraqi insurgency is legitimate or illegitimate.
What he will suggest, however, is that the only way to sort out the mess in Iraq is for occupying forces to exit the country, to those who tell him that withdrawal of foreign troops will lead to chaos.
Galway replies from what I see there's quite a lot of chaos there now.
That's Galway, quick of wit and unapologetic, he's the antidote to American politicians.
After being expelled from Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party, he formed a new party, respect, and then beat one of Blair's post allies in parliament.
He decries the stilth of debate and the corrupt duopoly of American politics, which sees many Democrats echoing the lines of a Republican president.
But Galway takes his anti-imperialism seriously when asked whether he thinks American war foes should work within the two major parties or go independent in the third party, rude.
He says it's not for me to say when they need a new party in the U.S. We determined in Britain that an alternative was needed.
What I can say is that the whole world is suffered because the debate in the U.S. has been inadequate.
One of the reasons I'm here is to stir it up and that George Galway will surely do.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
What's up?
We got it. It just got the rail. And when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all women with paint and lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers there in balance for the two hours.
And now a word from Jude Law's new nanny.
Hello, Pasha. It's me, the Plum, totally proud.
I'm Jude Law's new nanny.
But just because I wish Marxism a vex wagon and have four teams, two cying business and Jude are gandying pot of sticks,
does not mean Jude doesn't been given me the sexy art.
I called him yesterday who seemed me clean myself in the shower, naughty little manhole.
I pulled back the carton and invited him to join me, but he declined and said his rope is most little bit.
But I say it's only a matter of time if only grabs on to a hunk of flesh and makes me the love cow.
Oh, dude, Jude's a book by a scum off because his book has been found through plenty.
I used to work for Michael Douglas before he married a skinny mini-cumbering.
They hired me for the same reason as saving it.
But after a few months, Michael and I were paying naked Twitter and I reprised my role in the love cow.
Jude was sure to see the light, although they were sent by clients before we do it in the dark.
No, no, no, no, I'm utterly delicious.
104, QA, there's John Zimellak getting blown around in Key West.
I'm just going to say it.
I'm just looking at that thing.
In fact, I'm a CNN man.
It looks like it's made just a little tiny bit to the Northwest.
Not that they want that in Key West every the last thing they want.
But maybe God is like zeroing in now.
He's getting closer and I was going to like zero right in and all of a sudden before we know about a Bing.
That's it. Bye-bye folks.
5.670560, we have Curtis even sent for the moment at 2.
So the green light is on. He can stick around. Please. No pressure.
Can we take a few calls here? We don't have any at the moment because they haven't taken any of very long time because they've read their long ponderous thing about George Galloway.
And they're saying, who's George Galloway? We know where Galloway Road is done by Norman Roaders' produce.
But we sure as hell don't know where George Galloway.
We put that out of sight out of mind.
That's American public for it. That's why that answers one of those questions on our poll.
What one thing you want to know most before you die? That's our poll question today.
5.670560, pound 560 Verizon Singular Wireless Line. WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil. This is Brian Northcross and right now I'm currently flying over the storm.
I'm currently directly right over the eye of the storm where there's a lot of people screaming and hollering.
The sky is following.
Nice job, Brian. What's up, sweetheart? You're fairy. WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you? Great.
Neil, listen. I mean, in time of tragedy you think it's, you know, people want to hear about, you know, hurricane zeroing in because almost living the area.
Yeah, that must be it. WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, you want to translate the last one? Yes, sir.
Is this your leader, the nobody waiting to hang over? WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir. I got a couple for your poll.
Okay. I'd like to know who killed Malin.
I'm on my role. Okay, that's a good one.
We're happening in Roswell. Yeah.
And is it Charles Orch theory or head club to men from all take care?
It's the hair club for no is what it is for no mode.
No mode today at two.
I think about he's in New York today.
Well, it's, uh, huh. And then jury duty yesterday.
I didn't know it was the honest day. I guess it was not on, huh?
I don't know. Josh. No curse was going yesterday.
Oh, I had a hot now. Nobody ever told us that during the show.
No. We could have probably goosebumps. I've probably pointed.
They know that it was no more. I mean, how did that go?
My bad. I actually knew that. I was waiting for you to promote and say,
Hey, how are David up next? And I was going to interrupt you and then I kind of forgot.
I was saying that all through the show like I do every day.
I don't say how we're David though.
You were waiting for me to say what?
Mo, how are David? And then just, just plain mo.
How many QA and hello?
That's a time.
WQ, that's what Greg has Q a M. Hello.
I want to know who died in the shot.
And goodwill ambassador.
Okay. W Q a M. Hello.
Because the reporting live from Brooklyn with Todd.
I'm not paying too much attention to the store, but I'm having a lot of fun paying grab as it's lacking little Tommy J.
Go.
How many QA and hello?
Yes. Good afternoon, T. Meele.
Good afternoon, sir.
I, Neele, I want to say this.
I was incarcerated for 10 years.
And it was your show that provided the sanity.
Wow. So, you want to tell a lesson?
You're listening to the show on the inside?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely. You got your own radio.
Absolutely.
Well, that's great.
Yeah. And it was your show that I looked forward to just to get a piece of mind.
Right. Well, let's show a do a man.
Yeah, I really think that you probably heard the callers.
You were probably relieved that you run inside for a while.
Good luck, you pal.
All right. Take care.
See you.
How you like that? We got 803 votes.
Yeah.
That's not too bad. I'm not great.
Yeah, we're considering that the oil everybody's drowning over there.
Sure. Probably some people lost power.
Yeah.
That's right.
We got a few people lost power.
Some people taking a shower of power right now wouldn't surprise me.
And some people listen to Power 96, which we're not too happy about that.
With all that filth that they play.
WNQIN, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Moe is in New York because you got to place your bets in person.
Bet's on the Jets.
Bet's in 1003 votes.
Yeah. Okay. Week.
Pretty weak, pal. I give you about a two and a half on a scale of 75.
5667.0560.
But we're just trying to take a lot of extra calls today to keep these people out of.
Keep them on the inside.
Okay.
But they could be called from a cell phone standing out in the rain.
And based on what I'm hearing so far or a paper standing on the rain, not even on the inside of the booth.
WNQIN, hello.
Now, why should I keep overrated it?
Overweight it and go for it.
WNQIN, hello.
We heard it the first time.
I think I'm running, buddy.
Go on.
Sounds like he's choking on it or choking something over there.
Wow.
That loud, you know.
WNQIN, hello.
I got my shouting shoes on.
WNQIN, hello.
They're all here today.
I told you.
Hello.
It's the whole gang's here.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Happy phone.
I might just go back to my pile now.
I want to apologize for apologizing about reading the George Galloway article.
I mean, it wasn't as good as these calls, but it was, yeah, fairly interesting.
If you have an IQ larger than you thought.
I mean, I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I think it's a little bit more than I thought.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Miguel and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
I've been using them for years and George and Pat Boy and even the Mommister.
Oh, nice laugh I am.
I know what you're doing in there and you said you were doing me for their Jose.
Rafaia, it's not what you think.
He's just helping me with my brushing up, combing up, combing up, no way.
Wiping up my hair, shudder, I'm coming in.
No!
We're Jose and Mark doing what Rafaia thought.
We're Jose and Mark doing what you thought.
And why does Jose like to take so many men into the bathroom stall anyway?
Find out tomorrow on an old new episode of The Serene's Life.
What a silly question. He's Cuban, eh? That's the answer to the question.
Who?
19th of Q.A.
I wonder what Ilya and it was Anna Dana.
Yolder, Ratner, Light.
I wonder what she has to say about Rafaia and all this other stuff.
You know after that, embarrassing performance at the first thing we're that congressional hearing on Roads.
Oh, and of course Rafaia, I'll pop Marrow and you're so wonderful at Jose.
I hope you learned from his experience.
You're right.
The most pandering, disgusting, peace of turd, man that ever came down the pipe.
Leave it to her to be representative of South Florida.
Just to discuss, I would speak of disgusting people.
Is there any capability and allowing the Iraqi government?
Oh, brother.
Stuff it.
Okay, just take a stock, a stock and stuff it.
Oh, there's the phone. I bet you got a big package on.
Maybe it's about $10 million in care.
You're ready to go man.
You're going to go get it?
So I'm looking at those, no, I'm not going to go get it.
I'm looking at those yellows and boy, Dave County, you sure get it.
You know what I'm getting a sock?
Yeah, there.
Wow.
And Brad and all the way up to Palm Beach all the way up to Northwest Palm.
It's on a way to Jupiter, baby, because that next band, the outer band, all the way to Fort Pearson's Stewart.
Those people up there, they deserve it.
All campuses of our community college will close at three o'clock this afternoon.
Even classes are canceled.
School will resume as scheduled tomorrow morning.
You got that BCC closes at three.
Even classes canceled due and school resume as usual tomorrow.
Okay, don't say we didn't tell you.
56670560, pound 560, and a Verizon singular wireless line.
We got a lot room for a lot of calls between now and two.
Let's get a whole bunch of men or we'll put on Donald Rumsfeld.
I heard it raki.
Do you understand?
What a threat.
Yeah.
WDQAM, hello.
You make me feel like dancing.
Oh, Brian, calm down.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Dave, they're calling the board.
And of course, once this format is late, Kingston, then we'll understand what's going on.
Right.
Then it'll be too late.
I have time to puttski around with these people.
Okay, how's that pull coming?
Amazingly, we got some votes on there today.
We got 830 votes.
830, how many?
About 30, man.
Look at that.
What one thing you want to know before you die, most curious about, is the life after death 209.
You silly people.
Is their life on other planets, 1237?
Who killed JFK19?
Why 50% of America's so dumb 75?
Is there really a god 75?
Was 911 a new con conspiracy 58?
Is Hank Goldberg gay 37?
What if 11 herbs and spices the kernel uses 26?
Why are talk show callers such A-holes 13?
Where's Osama Yamama 13?
This is my spas cheat on me 12.
Who killed cock robin 11?
How many lixes did it take to get to the center of A?
Tutsi Pop 10.
What's the secret of the big max secret sauce 10?
Is it a horseshoe or a 40 clover?
Up Greg Reads, don't ask.
8. Did you go Asimia?
No.
Does my spas no I cheat 8?
Is Elvis still alive?
5?
Who shot 2 pack 4?
And who killed Marilyn Monroe?
Which is a good one but it's got so far the big.
Oh!
Marilyn Monroe, who's that?
They're saying.
WQYM, hello.
I do have medical medical medical.
WQYM, hello.
Oh my!
Oh my!
WQYM, hello.
Is there a close act in heaven?
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to tell you, I wanted to thank you.
I know that you've been talking a lot about people
but not going on your website since those pictures are off.
But I want to say that I read every single one of your articles
and there's the most informative.
And you really can't get them anywhere else because of our, you know, liberal media.
Yeah, unless you sit there and go through about 30 different websites every day
which most people aren't going to do.
Right, I was actually thinking about printing them out
and distributing them as a pamphlet because, you know, I'm actually, I'm real sick
of what I see on the TV.
I know President was paying for hurricane after hurricane out there.
Because the news is just abominable but I didn't want to thank you for those articles
and I read every single one every day.
Well God bless you, Pally, and thanks a lot.
Absolutely.
Take care.
God bless you.
And you like that maybe you can put them in a pamphlet.
They'll get, they'll, they'll, not a good idea though.
I don't think, don't be handing them up in public on street corners.
Do it like under the desk because of the kitchen public handing out that, you know,
that leftist propaganda.
Don't turn yourself into another left-wing spin-meister.
How's that guy doing that they shot for having that drug dealer?
So he still does how fast that story like disappeared?
I don't see anything more about that.
Or murderers.
Your couple of murderers, the SWAT team baby, but I'm being, oh, he had a scale in there.
That is the American effin way, man.
If they were doing his good job of going out and getting these terrorists,
oh, and I see, did I mention that's why he had that tape again yesterday?
We really don't care.
You mentioned it.
What is that that you're playing?
Paint from SWAT.
No, the theme from SWAT.
I can just barely hear it.
That blob nutter.
Oh, there you go.
He's a real mother.
WQYM, hello.
Look at that, Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
You're hung like a Timbeck.
Okay, good.
WQYM, hello.
Neil Rogers.
I beg your pardon?
Neil Rogers?
Speaking, yes.
Hello.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Can you do it, man?
Can you pull us one off?
Let's see.
Hello.
Okay.
Okay.
I know something.
We're here.
See what I mean?
If you want me to give you a little dissertation on what's wrong with the accounting way everybody wanted out.
There is one of the, he's the poster child for it right there.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, it's an old sector, Hank.
Okay.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yeah.
Where's the damning lock, Meth Maaf, the find him.
I think if you bend over and check in your, you'll find him right there, man.
I got your monster right.
Of course, it's probably pretty crowded.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
I'm real fired up over here.
I called, I called the ANFS tree last night and they said I'm related to that mongol.
Genghis Khan.
And on top of it, I hear this afternoon that mowing in today.
Yeah.
That's a heck, man.
Come on, Neil.
Let's lay it on.
Genghis Khan.
Let me ask you this.
Is Eddie Cobb still driving him or what?
152 and 3, I think, at the metallands.
Genghis Khan.
Fourth race tonight, by the way, Pundra Guts out.
And I ate it.
I thought for a second it was a nine.
I got really nervous.
845.
We got a shot in 900.
Oh, look at this.
The storm is intensifying.
Can't it worry too much.
It's just been upgraded just as it's about to hit the keem.
It's going to get a direct hit with the eye or the eye wall.
But certainly, it's going to be a little bit more difficult to get.
But certainly, it's been getting battered all day.
Now that it's a category two, we're going to make those stronger wins.
This is going to be increasing the storm surge.
And that is one of our biggest concerns about this storm.
Storm surge for a category two ranges usually between six and eight feet.
And should that coincide with high tide, which is at 230 this afternoon in Kiwess.
That would be six to eight feet on top of that high tide level.
Kira.
Yeah, Kira.
Hey, by the way, Kira, you bush a butt liquor.
Man, she makes me sick.
This is the one that was given Nancy Pelosi a bunch of crap.
Once in her life, Nancy stood up like a real man and she slapped that.
If you want to be a spokesman for the administration, why don't you go ahead and do something like that?
Some sort of nice going Nancy.
Oh, there's your president and Gulf War Mississippi again.
There we go.
What's your having, mate?
Yeah, thanks for having me.
No, we don't want you to.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Rogers.
Thank you for being here.
Is your spouse really the worst at something?
The Monica says that her husband is worse at decorating.
Yes.
And she's ready to fix up the family room.
Do you guys think this marriage is in trouble?
No.
No, actually, let me tell both of you something.
If somebody else hadn't told you before, let me tell you now, it's over.
No.
It's over.
And it ought to be over.
Not a fault.
Bitch shut up.
That's a cop.
If you don't like it.
Well, I actually got to fill.
You know, I love my wife.
I really do.
She is crazy and ridiculous.
Yeah.
And some other things that I'm not going to mention.
Okay.
So I've called in some help.
So, there's a lady, Bob.
Okay.
In fact, she's on the phone.
Are you there, Barb?
Yes, I am, Dr. Phil.
Okay.
Now, Barb, I want to tell people about you.
So, you know.
Okay.
Well, I'm a professional homemaker and gold digger.
And I am looking forward to this juicy Monica's husband away from her.
No, no.
All right.
So, what do you think?
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
No, it's not working for me.
Deal with it.
But, Monica.
So, we'll look you up with Barb after the show.
Okay.
And you need to put more energy into your drinking buddies before the sun goes down to step.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's the best at Dr. Phil.
Rhymes with Swill.
I was speaking of Swill.
The vision about what this important part of the world is going to look like.
Oh, yeah.
I know what it's going to look like.
Kind of like your...
Correct.
Oh, and Noah indicates that Rita's reached 100 miles an hour and is now category two.
Like we told you, like a couple of minutes ago, on the San Francisco North Cross.
What's her name?
Kamalovskale.
See, it's so easy to forget.
And there's a special advice becoming of a two o'clock, which we already knew about that.
So, remind me about five to two to just check board again, all the way one.
Okay.
Yeah.
Remind me to check the Sunsettle website, because they might just have it, because it certainly won't be on the Noah website.
Because Noah's out there hammering away, man.
He's building that arc.
And he's having an arc.
And he's having an arc.
And he's having an arc.
And he's having an arc.
Okay.
Here's the deal.
Harold says now that Hurricane, the National Hurricane Center's lifted the Hurricane Watch for Broward.
The County's mass transit system will resume regular bus service effective two o'clock this afternoon.
You're going to go out hop onto bus?
I don't think so.
Even inside of Iowa, there why do that?
Buses will resume their normal weekday service schedule at two.
Paratransit services also resume normal operations.
That's in Broward.
Tropical storm warning for Broward still in the fact that Broward County is also still under a tornado watch till five.
And a flood watch till six o'clock tonight.
So it makes a lot of sense to me that the buses are going.
Well, probably a lot of people went to work this morning being unsuspecting, right?
Right.
Like us.
The US Coast Guard expressed to reopen poor Everglades this afternoon.
All afternoon shift line handlers and harbor masters should report to work at their normal times.
County officials be saying patrol and trucks are continuing to operate from Spangler Boulevard.
The state would 84 inference Spangler Boulevard.
Man marine terminals be permitted to operate once the ports reopen and terminal securities in place.
Before Lord of the Ohio, Hollywood International Airport is in mind open.
However, airlines have canceled flights and experiencing delays.
Travel should call your airline before going to the airport for departures or to pick anybody up.
Hurricane Hotline in Broward is 954 831 4000 954 831 4000.
And Mayor Kristen Jacobs will hold a televised media conference at the Broward County Emergency Operations Center.
And five of the staff members are writing his blood dates for those who want to watch that.
Probably been pretty boring right now now upgraded to a category two hurricane.
When in rain pounding the Florida Keys and predictions of the hurricanes past.
Have people on the move from New Orleans, a Galveston, Texas?
And you see that's bad because it is going to like just miss Key West, but the north, the eastern part of it is what's, that's what's going to nail the keys.
Right. The bad part.
The dirty part for all those dirty people down the keys, man.
That's bad news for them.
If they stuck around, especially that trailer trash, crazy nuts, 5667 speaking of crazy nuts.
Let's take a few more calls.
Man, they've been sensational.
A sour 5 670 560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
On your website, I love it, but I can't.
I got Macintosh and I can't see you as to upload some of the videos anywhere.
Any suggestions?
Yeah, I've hidden new computer.
5 6705 60 pound 560 in the Verizon.
I mean, if you got Macintosh, man, an Apple today keeps our website away.
And now what they say, that's what you just said.
Why does anybody have a Mac?
Oh, I thought that was a rhetorical question.
It is.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, boy?
Pretty good, pal.
Okay, listen, just a couple of comments.
I just wanted to hear your opinions.
My take?
Yeah, yeah, you take.
Does anybody who hires these announcers to do football?
Do they listen to these guys?
I mean, Joe is a gackie.
He's just so, I know you said it, but he is just so bad.
And if you're even of Jimmy and Joe, they're unlistenable, man.
Have you given it a listen?
They're terrible, man.
And every before I get his worst in the previous one,
and just Jimmy is about as qualified to do those.
Yeah, I'm about as qualified to go over to Mount Sinow Hospital here this afternoon,
and do brain surgery or open heart surgery.
And Jimmy Sifilis is to do play-by-play sports.
Love you, man.
Have a good day.
You too.
No, he's absolutely unqualified.
You just can't cut it to a sweetheart.
Jimmy Sifilis.
Good guy.
There's a lot of good guys.
You know, it's a gackie.
I told you this over and over again.
It's not personal.
It's business.
He's a really good guy.
Dan Neur died during Hurricane Andrew.
Rista's life there in that chopper.
Is he dead?
Airplane.
Well, whatever the hell it was.
Plain went down and we're like three people.
I don't know if two of them died and just survived.
You know, and some of you people that have no heart, you're going to go, oh, yeah.
No, that's he's a good guy.
But for crying out loud, he's just so pondered and boring.
And when a boring guy tries to be exciting, that's even worse.
You know what I'm saying?
Like when he starts with that routine.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my is right.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, that's what the audience is saying.
I mean, just some people have a personality and some need a personality transplant.
And that's Joe and Jimmy Syphilis.
He's so low key.
He's coma inducing.
He may stay van boring.
So I'm like a Mexican jumping bean and heat.
That's how coma inducing he is.
But then again, you know, you do know what a bunch of people pretending to be broadcasters over there.
Oh, yeah, we're going to show you.
Yeah, you're showing us all right.
You know what you're showing the world.
Correct.
That's what you're showing, Joel.
You loser.
Just keep flushing all that money down the toilet.
You know, see, this is the thing that just amazes me.
It's amazing that there are so many people with no lives who are in the beginning in the first place.
It's worth it being 24 hours sports talk.
The same rehash of the same crap over.
That's always amazed me.
But the fact that there are people who are so obsessed with doing it themselves, you know, like that.
What that was a guy of Carl, but then his foster.
And then of course, through God's, you know, whose dad he's got, he got a lot of money.
And all of a sudden, he's a big shot.
You're still a flunky baby.
You're still a, you're still like a board op is what you are with a, with, and of course, he must have given them a good son of a damn.
And that fan thing.
What am I told about all of these operations, man?
Destin the fail.
Sports talk is like, nickers pretty soon.
It's like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, and look at that.
Wait till you see the trend on Friday, man.
Yeah.
But let's say the better.
Sports talk.
My ass.
Same people saying the same stuff.
I'd rather your hanky mad dog doing just, uh, you know, anything.
Just be it on and be in them.
Sure.
You know, panic.
Be a real hoot, you know.
Say in the car.
Or is it?
You think we got back.
Or are worst drugs the people that we wish would die.
Those colors are far superior than the suck holes that call in sports talk.
Well, what do you think?
I think the check is going to win the MVP.
I think they think they do.
We have a, uh, same terminal stuff over and over again.
So the idea that some of these are going to spend a whole lot of money like this, uh, Joel Feinberg.
I had four and a half million year for the dolphins.
I got news for him, man.
You'd be better off going out and find a good high school team to broadcast.
You might get a bigger tune in audience.
And get some high school kids to broadcast it to while you're at it.
This is the new Rogers.
This is 5.69 AM.
I ain't never said no.
Now I'm dead for a noise.
About the same door.
I mean, I ain't never said that.
The kids get to do the same thing.
I can't even look at the door.
But they ought to pay me by that.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
And that's, that is.
What's going on?
The wind's not vectoring in the cup.
I'm gonna go fuck you.
The wind's not vectoring in the cup.
All right, we're just going to put the beans on your feet.
I'm gonna have to cut that up.
Some would always say they'd joy.
Funny, gonna play.
It's always a joy.
Now, I don't even have a seatbelt.
Yay!
There's sure plenty of Bread and Yellows.
I'm talking about dark reds still just coming on sure and date County especially
Tommy's you mean?
I think cuz that's what I said all you people in the little Havana all your green tooth old
Afarts better head for the hills the reds are coming as her cane Katrina brought down on the
Gulf Coast three weeks ago veteran workers at FEMA braced for an epic disaster but their
bosses political appointees with almost no emergency management experience didn't seem
to share the sense of urgency if you move ever and be saying we told these fellows if
there was a killer hurricane heading right toward New Orleans Leo Bosner at 26 year FEMA
employee and union leader told CNN we had that our job but they didn't do theirs Bosner
storm warning came early Saturday three days before hurricane Katrina came ashore in eastern
Louisiana New Orleans is a particular concern because of that city much of it lies below
sea level he warned in his daily alert to how home on security secretary Michael shirt
off then theme achieve Mickey Brown Brownie and other Bush administration officials downtown
Brownie if the hurricane wins blow from a certain direction there are dire predictions
what may have it in the city it said FEMA's rapid response while Katrina's victims grew
desperate suffered and died has been acknowledged and widely criticized the agency's failure
is a tragic element of the hurricane between the story that according to Bosner FEMA's
troubles came as no surprise after its role in stature shifted when federal agencies
were reshuffled in response to 9.11 a long time union leader Bosner has been a whistleblower
before this time he says colleagues are quietly thanking him for speaking out a year ago
he raised concerns that Brown was in over his head that's Brownie to you Brown stepped
down early of this month after being removed from leading the government's Katrina relief
effort after resigning criticized local officials and interview with the New York Times saying
the White House wasn't at fault I have nothing personal against Mike Brown Bosner told CNN
I feel badly about the guy but he took a job he was never trained for the man was a lawyer
FEMA formerly an independent agency led by a cabinet level officials was among the 22 federal
agencies shuffled into the Department of Homeland Security by the Bush people Brown was
an undersecretary who went into the secretary of Homeland Security before joining the Bush
administration in 2001 Brown had spent a decade as the stewards and judges commissioner
of the International Arabian Horse Association as we've talked about many times a horse's
ass Oceation Washington Post reported earlier this month that the top three FEMA officials
had ties to Bush's 2000 presidential election campaign five of eight top FEMA officials
had no crisis management experience whatsoever.
Shared off and Brown have legal backgrounds but scanned emergency management experience
Brown came to work in FEMA in 2001 as legal counselor was college buddy is college roommate
then FEMA director Joe Alba who was Bush's 2000 campaign manager Brown assumed the top
job in Alba Lefima in 2003.
Shared off is a former federal prosecutor in a public court judge as a prosecutor he
was involved in developing legal strategies for dealing with terrorism following the 9-11
attacks.
He was appointed secretary of the Department of Homeland Security in February by a 98-0
Senate vote.
Good job senators nice what has worked just like the great job they did I'm not challenging
the 2000 presidential election results.
Good job spineless cowards.
Shared off work from home to the Bosner first one of the Hurricanes catastrophic potential
for New Orleans CNN's Tom Foreman reported or Tom Foreman that was the map guy by the way
boy is he a new ing or what oh god.
Shared off also has been criticized for writing a memo to the after Katrina struck delegating
authority to Brownie and deferring to the White House rather than taking charge.
Shared off hasn't commented but a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security said
he was in touch with Brown the weekend Katrina approached New Orleans.
The Homeland Security spokesperson also defended the memo saying it merely put in writing
procedures already in place but the National Disaster Plan states that Homeland Security
is in charge of the response to disasters like Katrina.
We ought to play Ray Peterson and Corina Corina we don't have one got Katrina but we got
Corina close enough and it was at a hit.
What about Reena's there were Rita's song oh yeah what about Rita the medium.
That one yeah very good boy he got his thumb on it or what.
Oh middle finger actually.
So look at that look at those reds and those oranges and it continues moving across
and like you said the dirty side the dirty part of the hurricane that Eastern and Northeast
of the quadrant is going right over Key West.
So the next couple of hours if I was in the Keys I'd probably like right now ask myself
one one question how come I'm in skill there.
Why?
How come I'm so stupid you know if I still have a mirror left it isn't broken I go look
at it and wonder ask myself the music for question how is it that I'm so dumb so uh
stupid as somebody we know would say don't forget we got no moh.
We got Curtis Steven sent it to a clock this afternoon a breath of fresh air and of course
we assume we'll be back tomorrow unless he's still out of town as Josh said.
Is he going to be out of town?
I don't know.
I'm sure that the entire South Florida community is is on pins and needles.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.
Q.A.
For a component of the Texas way and the guitar on my knee all they died in the weeds
and I'm high raised faster than T.O.P.
Polka, Trena don't put the blame on me.
Let it come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round now do a little swim through the warless town.
Swing to the left to the right here we go.
Swing a little more top, those you go.
Polka, Trena why can't those people clean?
This person will be easy and I can't it gets for him right here.
All right.
Talk about your catch wrong presidents.
Well, be awake, kiddo.
Goodbye George you gotta go me oh my oh.
You gotta go home because you got a bad on the bio.
But you sure flew quick when it came to sick, Jerry Shilmo.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush now saved by you.
That's how George it wild people drown you played around a relaxing golf ball.
Well, he was on vacation.
I already is and I got a couple of keys that's ever been though.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario.
You were the one busy having fun and that's no no.
You'll investigate at a later date.
That's real bullshit.
So I'll link your situation ones that you can't lock up so it don't consume you.
But no one will get planes like with agent plane.
No hands will roll apart and as for this is the slap on the wrist and no charges filed.
What a surprise is you're a liar.
No one gets fired with each new mess.
Oh, nobody a new death call a slip into polls.
That's no problem.
Oh, you're spin machine will deal with new Orleans because that's their job.
Oh, as for usual son of a bush is a foot in your tush.
You're an asshole.
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no brain.
No, I'm a problem.
So you made it obvious that these are most of us.
You have no shame.
Oh, shame.
What's that?
And what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died old.
Son of a bitch you should be impeached and we mean pronto.
I do it all the favor and get the hell out here.
Yeah, yes.
We only know push vacation.
It's under one month long vacation.
Increasingly extended periods of time.
We only know my long story.
We intend to stay forever.
I just got back to my world when it's hard working.
I've got assets in the world.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
We just tried to be together.
With everything going wrong, he did what he was going to do.
He went on vacation.
Hey, boss, let us work this go.
But we have a lot of work to do.
Now get back to work.
All in all we really get no time off at all.
I only get two weeks of vacation a year.
Honorable guys, our Christmas, our social.
All in all we love songs that day that we can call.
Back to work.
Work again.
If you don't work your shifts, you call them any vacation.
How could you have a vacation if you don't work your shifts?
No, I told you that around.
I've got to get back to work.
Okay, what's the nine and almost out of time.
Curtis Stevenson for a mode today, no mo.
913, you realize if you put your elbow,
get the elbow grease out.
We could have made a thousand, but we never really thought about it.
I ran out of elbow grease.
I'm a good partner.
I ran out of elbow grease.
I hear Duff has some.
You fairy.
913 votes.
What one thing you want to know most before you die is their life after that 2.23.
Is their life on other planets 145.
Four.
Whatever it is.
Who kills JFK 124?
Why 50% of America's Hodam 87 is the really about 81?
Was 911 and Eocon conspiracies 65?
Is Hank Oldberg gay 51?
What are the 11 herbs and spices the Colonel be used in 29?
Why are talkshow callers such a holes 15?
Where's Osami Yamama 14?
Does my spouse cheat on me 14?
Who killed Cock Robbins 12?
How many licks does it take to get a center of a 50 pop?
10.
What's the secret of the big max secret sauce in Barbara Bush 10?
Is it a Horseshoe or four leaf clover upgrade read?
What the hell?
9.
Does my spouse know I cheat 8?
Who shot 2 pack 5?
Is Elvis still alive 5?
Who killed Marilyn Monroe 101?
And where really is Mo to the...
Bye, bye, bye!
