There's one Walker and Gary Peyton.
This is the most disgusting program.
A tremendous effort.
Everyone to complain to this station.
In theaters this Halloween from the director of Night of the Living Dead.
It can't kill the unbaked silly George Bush stars in.
I know the human being and this can cause just peaceful and night of the living brain dead.
In my state of the, my state of the union are asleep, my speech to the nation.
Where we want to call it.
Too many OBGYNs aren't able to practice their love with women.
Here's a single mother with two children.
You're working hard to put food on your family.
Our is our children learning.
George Bush and Night of the Living Brain Dead.
Who am I once?
Shame on you.
If you fool me, you can't get fooled again.
And of course don't forget the always lovable...
Tabugar rape.
That one too.
Another dead, the US soldier in Iraq just just in.
I can't even keep track of these fast enough.
And yeah, we got to 2000.
There was going to be this big and there were a couple of real protest and people marching
and anybody paying any attention.
No.
Capping the bloodiest month for American troops since January.
The military reported yesterday that seven, now make it eight.
More US service members were killed by increasingly sophisticated bombs that had become the deadliest weapon
in the insurgents arsenal.
I thought the insurgents were waning.
Or is that just out in the window?
It's when the death throws.
That's what it is.
Bombs also claimed to tell Monday among civilians in Bosnia, Iraq's second largest city in the major
metropolis of the Shia-dominated South.
A large carbom exploded along a bustling street when a bomba grande packed with shops and restaurants
as people were enjoying an evening out after the daily Ramadan fast.
At least 20 were killed and 40 wounded.
But other than that, things are going very well.
Military commanders have warned that Sunni insurgents will step up their attacks in the
room to be December 15th election when Iraqis will choose their first full-term problem
since the collapse of rotten sun.
I like that.
And our things are going so damn well.
Anyway, the word I'm getting is that the Humphre will be back tomorrow.
And we couldn't, I guess you couldn't do the shows from Vegas because they couldn't get an engineer out of the stack of 330 in the morning.
And he would have to use his own headphones.
I don't know what the deal was.
Wouldn't you have thought they would sit one of our engineers out there and probably be just dying to go to Vegas?
You know, they're...
Yeah, I'll do it.
Whatever you're ready to hit.
But probably our engineers had bigger fish to fry like keeping us on here.
Thanks a lot, guys.
You're pretty weak at best.
But during these difficult times, you're doing a great job.
Aren't they?
And stuff came into your yesterday.
Got our phones back up.
Listen.
See that?
Oh, and I...
Oh, you all read it.
Punch up line one.
I thought I heard a buzz all day yesterday on that.
There it is.
No, it's just line one's got issues.
You know, you shouldn't always find out.
Line one has got a quick disconnect.
Anyway, the Spanish language thing that Bo was talking about and that you were informing me before.
Right.
A little history on that.
As one has been on here for 700 years in this market, 790.
That frequency used to be of course WNWS.
Well, I don't have anything from there, you know.
I don't have my old theme song, more by K Winding.
It's also, I think, I use that on K-E-T.
Right, Sid?
But, um, so anyway, we're kicking our ass with the old parts with all the Jerry I-Frix and WSN.
We got those huge numbers.
And all of a sudden, I remember what year it was.
After the Mario Bolif, I think maybe it was like 81.
Wasn't the Mario Bolif in the 80?
Yes.
So this is about 81.
I do believe in all of a sudden one day, I'm in the car.
And just like always, management couldn't hurt for the first couple of days.
It wasn't too loud, it was kind of like this.
And we got to Fidel cranked up about 100,000 watt AM,
since he doesn't pay any attention to international broadcasts or any other laws.
So he does whatever he'll he won.
And he had an old station that he cranked up on 790 that just basically gives the time and the temperature and, uh,
and just all it's therefore interference purposes.
And so that really screwed up our signal.
Even during the daytime, I'm going to express it if for the south and baby would go up,
be like, you're sitting in downtown Nevada.
And then at night time it was kind of like,
you know, like our signal.
Yeah.
So I guess now that they're off the arrow, but they're at least,
they've met the report we're getting.
Well, the reason we're getting the report, they have a radio report.
No, the reason we're getting the report from inside the building,
because our people are the only ones who listen to that station.
So it would be the ones who would know,
because these hour by hour, this is, hey Joel, I'm going to tell you,
this is very impressive.
Oh, is a number you ought to be very familiar with.
So this, uh, used to be your theme song.
Yes.
Pretty gay.
Oh, yeah.
More by Kay Windington and Mondeo Kane.
I love that movie.
It brings over a few records.
I do believe it.
But anyway, it's, oh, yeah, I used that as a theme,
and God only knows how many places 100 years ago.
So wait, goes, okay, let's get serious now.
Okay.
Got a lot of stuff to pass along.
Good news is, uh, George doesn't have power or cable.
Yeah, that's the great news.
And we also had cable in the station there for about two or three minutes,
and then just a false alarm.
It was on.
And then it was off just like that.
But it being, but it, but it being, but it being, but it being,
oh, there he is.
He's announcing his birth flu plans.
Check out.
Oh, I don't think so.
Hey, how about, hey, how about sending everybody a,
a high blue guy, a rainbow will be safe.
Yeah.
South Florida is in no mood for rain.
The Sun Sentinel says boy, they are on top of the situation.
I think they have got their film right in it, not on it, but in it.
Just to send the forecast calls for a 60% chance of showers,
and possible thunderstorms.
Is it raining right now?
Uh, probably.
It is here.
It's murky and dripping a little bit.
Leaves the panthers to one last night.
It could be wrong about that, but I'm sure I've seen it with my own two eyes on
the fast forward.
Leaves two and the panthers on the panthers of the In Montreal to play.
Le Coddien, Le Evathons tonight, the frogs.
And we'll have that with Gildi and the silly red deer Randy.
Anyway, the forecast calls for a 60% chance of showers and possible thunderstorms
today and tomorrow.
Oh, my God.
We could add to the misery of those with damaged roofs.
I do like this when it rains at porous.
It's not going to be a flooding rain, but if you have a leaking,
you roof any amount of rain can feel like flooding rain.
It said meteorologists rob Handel of the natural weather service in Miami.
North of the region should see less than a half an inch of rain.
The result of a warm front moving north from Cuba.
In Crab.
Or the service said maybe it's also bringing that signal up from Maradio 790.
Whatever that is.
Yeah.
Potentially different could produce heavy rain tomorrow.
If it stalls over South Florida, but it should drift north possibly to Orlando.
Eric, look out the rains coming Eric.
Craig Fugut.
Well, I hope I said that right.
I hope so too.
Florida's director of emergency management urged residents with leaking roofs to buy tarps at home improvements doors
rather than wait for the government to issue them, which he said will be completed by seven years from Sookas.
They don't wait.
People don't have to wait until we can provide a tarp for them.
He said, so what do you rather that's another thing for everybody to get on line for, right?
Yeah.
Or your home depot and wherever else and line up and buy a tarp.
After the front passes, afternoon temperatures expected the climate of the mid to high 80s.
That too is lousy news for people with no power or AC George.
Although George has got the generator.
You want him to show you your AC gone?
No, no.
We don't.
You don't?
No.
Well, because first of all we have individual units.
I mean, we could plug one or more into it, but what's the point?
It's easier to just open the house up and cool the whole thing on.
Oh, okay.
So far.
Another, another clear is the good news for it.
Another cold front was derived by Thursday because you sure as I won't have power by then.
But shouldn't be strong enough to lower temperatures.
Rather, it should reduce humidity in the rain chance that meteorologist Tom Warner.
It'll eliminate a lot of the muggy air that's by Thursday.
So just hold on loosely or hold on tight.
Whatever makes you feel better.
No strong cold front.
Similar to the one that followed Hurricane Wilmer expected to cool off the bridge until at least next week.
The National Hurricane Center was monitoring a tropical wave.
Oh, my God.
That was the South and Puerto Rico yesterday.
If that system is not thanks, it says here, thanks God.
That system is not expected to develop.
Aren't you thankful for that?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Hollywood doesn't seem to be doing too well in the power area.
Here's the revised numbers as of six o'clock this morning from Florida, plunder, and loot.
I didn't hear a bow again there toward the ass end of that show.
I was kissing up to them.
Do they moments with him?
I don't understand.
Maybe he has his power back in the university dog.
Do you think that's it?
Or at his house.
Or at his house.
No, he knows he does not.
I don't say he didn't have power.
Maybe he figures if he sucks around, nothing like his power back in.
Doesn't work.
Believe me.
I tell you right now, if you rip him an ass, then all of a sudden it comes out like magic.
Oh, magic, you say.
How's Bob Hamlin doing those numbers?
Boy, speaking numbers, man.
No, what are they?
I just think they just shut the transfer down to saved use over there.
They must have seen the same hourly that fat boy, thanks fat boy for the info that he sent to us.
They must have seen that.
They figured what's the use.
God almighty, they're talking about a dismal failure.
Anyway, here's the FPL numbers.
There's a 6 this morning and only the counties that we care about, right?
So where everybody else?
Broward, 310,500 are still up, but 552,300 are back on.
Not George, but everybody else.
Well, you're one of a third of amazing people still waiting and waiting.
Here is eight days after the day.
And Wilma passed you a week ago yesterday and you're still waiting and I think you lost one.
My block will be the last block.
Where do you see anywhere near you?
Do you see like lights on all the way around us, unshared and right on the set of the highway,
three blocks to the east and five blocks to the south?
In some other words, they just singled you up apparently.
Like they always come in.
The Primate Greg told them where you live.
Maybe maybe not my buddy Greg.
Yes, that one.
Dane County, 210,900 people are still with no electric, but 745,600 customers, they're a frion at man.
They got it.
They're sticking their finger in the socket.
They're so excited to have it back.
And in Palm Beach County, a mere 179,700 are still without and 482,800 are restored.
And we're supposed to say, great job, FPL.
We say great job to the workers, of course, but they're not to FPL.
They just make me gag as usual.
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
Consistently slow and lagging at that.
Before we do anything else, they got more stuff about the hurricane and about the roofing and stuff like that.
And the cable.
Yeah, I have to interject this now because it's a, it makes me feel good.
All right, check it.
About the Brits.
You know, I'm always ripping the Brits about how constipated they are emotionally and about how pasty and how the bad teeth and a whole deal.
But at least there's some saving grace.
More Britain's believe in ghosts than in God, according to an informal survey published Monday.
Of over 2,000 people completed the questionnaire.
68% said they believed in the existence of ghosts and spirits.
Maybe fairies.
That's within E, of course, F.A.E.
Already, Eric Spellett.
Fairies.
They believe in that while 55% said they believe in the existence of God.
So 68% believed in ghosts and spirits.
And only 55% said they believe in God, not even God.
Deal, God.
The Halloween survey was carried out by retailer Choices UK.
But since it wasn't a random sample, it's fine.
These don't necessarily represent a statistically valid bravator of British opinion.
Some 26% said they believe in the existence of unidentified flying objects while 19% believed in reincarnation.
Just 4% admitted believing that the Loch Ness Monster was more than a myth.
Maybe he's keen to myth America.
Of those who believed in ghosts, 12% said they actually had seen an apparition in 76% said that TV reality shows about the supernatural films like the Spooky Blair Witch Project had played a part in convincing them that ghouls exist.
Oh, that shows how easy they are.
God.
We want to believe in ghosts more than ever and are far more likely to take the word of a reality documentary or convincing movie than hearsay or ancient ghost stories.
Choices UK spokesman David Ritz said David Ritz.
Seeing it with our own eyes helps feed our imagination and makes the unbelievable believable.
It makes the un believable.
Delivable.
In fact, I could do that.
It makes the un believable.
Un believable.
It didn't work right.
It makes the un believable.
Delivable.
Delivable.
That was a labor of love, as Eric would say.
Now what he would say?
Okay.
Let's do a little break here.
Hank is going to be back tomorrow.
That's what Clarence tells me.
For a minute or two there, we were getting really nervous about another one of those clandestine suspensions.
But it was a technical glitch, which is really a bitch, which means Hank has to curtail his vagus plunging by a day and he's on the way back today.
Gildi, of course, is on the way to Montreal, the Prague city.
What do they call that place now?
You wouldn't know.
The bell?
No, I wouldn't.
In Montreal.
It's right downtown.
Well, whatever it is, used to be the aforementioned incident from building anyways called the bell something.
10, 13, and 5.
Did you see any interest in the hockey game, then?
When you think Macris is your thing, CD-Poster-Peted.
It's top-selling Macris brand of the Americans.
The gold standard.
When you think of buying your next CD-Poster-Peted, think Dallama-Cris, just make that one easy call.
I know you got a lot of other stuff going on in your life right now, so if your mattress is a washed away or just had it, just sit there on your fat,
simply S and call 1-800-Matris, the easiest possible way to get you a new CD-Poster-Peted.
With Dallama-Cris factory direct prices, nobody anywhere sells CD-Poster-Peted for less.
Dallama-Cris carries the area's largest inventory with all sizes and cover levels and stock ready for you and ready for same-day delivery.
So get yourself a better night's sleep starting as soon as tonight, if you make that call now.
1-800-Matris is number 1 in customer satisfaction.
They still let you pick the date and time for delivery.
You pick the two of our window, like noon to 2, 1-3, 2-4, etc.
And they show up, even the very same date as you call.
And with a no-risk 30-day,
BOT-3D man!
Comfort trial in your own bedroom.
Plus, they give you free setup and free removal on all deliveries as well.
What is not to like?
I've used them for years.
I guarantee you'll be a happy customer, too.
Join over two million satisfied customers who skip the chain stores for fast, easy affordable mattresses
and a great night's sleep for years to come by diving into Dallama-Cris and 1-800-Matris.
1-800-MATTR-ES leave off the last test because it stands for STU-PENDIS-SAVING.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-AM.
The S is sick and needs hot tablets.
That's the good news.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Got him on call, I'm gonna go fast.
Cause it turned out, need a take again.
Got two against the one who's fine.
Oh, hey guys, our oven is blind.
News will be 20 bucks would do it now it takes missing.
I'm ready to sit screw it on its gasoline.
Wish we didn't use it, I've got the cash, I spend it all on gas.
Back of empty, I got my cash.
Can't fill up, we gotta make it down.
I got cash, it is for me.
It's great, it's good, it's gonna be intense.
10.19 at 5.60 W.Q.
We got the Mole Maister from New York today to o'clock that ought to be a real layoff something.
I wonder if he's gonna meet and teach it during the show, if somebody else's.
Mad Dog 4 to 7, Panther preview with 7 to 9 and then the Panthers at Montfure Hall to play layoff.
I got it again, the Epitons at the 7.30 Farm by Eddie Kay.
Eddie Kay, you lost Vegas?
Yeah.
I guess I missed that yesterday, it was in Vegas last night too, I missed that.
I should have come in here and tuned in.
Of course he was only on dual two in the morning, I wasn't home yet, but at any rate.
Eddie Kay and Vegas, so maybe he and Hacker like crossing paths, you know.
Something like that.
Crossing something, I know they're not crossing themselves because that's the wrong religion.
Anyway, with more than a half a million customers still without power and power in Palm Beach County's a week after Wilma.
FP&L, Florida Plunder Reload, promised yesterday that many more customers would be hooked up in the next 24 to 48 hours, but.
Here's the big butt, George.
Yeah.
They warned that anybody who lives near George Rodriguez will have to wait until your 25-20 right.
No, seriously, they warned that the restoration process would slow down after that.
See that across your legs, your eyes, your arms, your knees, your kneecaps and really a prey like hell.
I have a bad feeling.
I'm afraid I hope.
In the next 24 to 48 hours it comes back on because if not, it could be right up against that deadline.
Although today is November 1.
At a news conference in Miami FPL officials also defended their pull maintenance policy.
We don't believe you by the way, which have been criticized by state regular to say that pulls damage during Wilma showed no signs of serious deterioration.
Anybody buying that?
No.
Restoration efforts will begin to slow down the next few days, even though the workforce of 17,000 FPL on a state workers will go to more than 18,200.
Work crews are moving from neighborhood to neighborhood, from hood to hood, checking for downpoles and damaged lines and restoring power for smaller clusters and clusters.
And we're Mr. Custer.
Right, you want to hear us that song?
Please, Mr. Custer, what was that?
I don't want to talk about it.
At any rate.
And restoring power lines for smaller clusters as subscribers.
We're now engaged in hand-to-hand combat.
Monto Amado, baby, making repairs in 7 Palm Beach County in Broward County, said Armando, all of her FPLs president.
By 547,000 customers were still without power last night.
Larry Burns.
Huh?
Larry Burns.
And please, Mr. Custer.
Is that the answer?
Yeah, Mr. Custer.
Please, Mr. Custer.
Larry Burns, the memory of his man.
Okay, that's enough.
Yeah.
Bruce Crowley, he called.
He heard Racer who lives in Oakland Park and, uh, oh, gee, and the rest of the story's dropped off.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, no.
And works in Boca.
This was discouraging news.
It's a terrible disruption to my schedule, said Crowley has been with that energy since last Monday.
The electric system is extremely antiquated where I live.
They don't tell people on what they're going to get power back.
Now, the substations and most mainline supply and supply and large blocks of customers are repaired.
Crews are focusing on the time-consuming task of checking the miles of smaller power lines that connect home and department buildings and businesses to the grid.
They'll be looking for trees across lines, fixing poles, splicing wires, or places of some transformers, said geisha widens,
or geisha growl at the Florida Plunder Reload.
As work is complete in other counties, additional crews are being brought to South Florida.
To speed, oh, and then, of course, that's probably where that touchman, Maister, is raving about how greatly our Florida Plunder Reload,
because he doesn't show from Tampa.
Anyone there? I mean, what's the big tennis with that, right?
They'll get theirs. Huh? They'll get theirs eventually.
Yeah, screw them. Oh, yeah, there's going to be a big one coming just right off the golf and just smash right through a Hillsborough member in Sanillas County, man.
Going to just wipe them right off the face of the globe.
Is there anybody we'd like over there in Tampa? I can't think of anything.
I would like our buddy Adonis Pelix who brought me the gas.
And we like Alex a lot. So I better get out of there before the next big blow comes Alex.
Now, speak of electricity. And we had the cable there at our radio station about, oh, I don't know, 8.45 this morning.
George, it just came back on.
It was very exciting. Without much more care. It was all.
I got mine. I got CNN. There's your president.
The production capacity. So yeah, he says we're going to send everybody after with the bird flu comes to America.
Everybody's going to go to Abu Ghraib, where we'll be safe.
Where you'll be safe. I'm sorry. I'll be here.
The electric power is gradually returning about half a stop.
For the still didn't have cable TV or internet access yesterday.
And what's life without internet access?
Josh, I hear you.
I mean, the judge has to come in early in the morning and put all those great bedtime stories on our website.
So they don't get up there until about 9.9.39.49.45. Not 57.
What? I don't know about all that. But you know, they're on there.
They're on there. It's taken people a little while, but they're on there.
In fact, the first one says, boo.
I think that's the one by Ed Naha.
Though Comcast and Adolf had largest cable company in Palm Beach County, say service for most subscribers will return.
And the government will return from electricity comes back as we did by me.
Damage to cable infrastructure sometimes make that impossible.
Because internet access is almost always linked to phone or cable service.
Hundreds of thousands of South Americans are also webless.
It's a miracle we're getting as many votes.
Oh, I never gave you the pull result from yesterday. Did I?
Nope.
I would even down there one more day.
1500 Nade votes.
Now that's pretty heavy duty. Although some of those about 10 probably are from out of state, you know.
Now that we realize that we're deluding ourselves, all these people.
I don't know. We get a lot of hits from all over the world, even from Saudi Arabia.
Those are smart days probably an urgent troops. I would.
I would imagine.
But we can only hope so. We don't want those damn Saudi ragheads.
I'm messing with our show.
But I don't know. They just don't care about the pool or whatever.
Who are you most furious with? Was our poll question. Here's the winner.
Was Staten local?
Yeah, that's him.
For George W. Boy, 610.
Oh, what a great combination. 610 where they got their tongue so far up his backside.
610.
Nobody. I'm doing great. 188.
Isn't that great? And the sunshine's fair.
188.
Don't be late.
Gas companies 172.
Where are those generators?
Now, the army just asked you before I finished with the poll result.
As you wander around,
are you seeing like shorter lines and no panic and a lot more gas stations open up?
Oh, yeah. There are no gas station lines to speak of.
Brisk business there, but no lines out to the road or anything.
And they're probably even some of them taking credit cards as opposed to the cashier.
Right. And supermarkets.
You rest for the most part of the open.
I don't understand that. Why would they be taking cash on it?
Because the, like if you use your master card or visa?
Because that transmission is internet based.
I see.
Really? I never knew that.
Of course. Well, how else?
It's internet based.
I know there's either a phone line or something like that where,
well, no, no.
A phone line doesn't mean internet based.
I thought it was just on a phone thing, just like when they call if, you know,
somebody else's credit card and they call and say, oh, we're going to keep your card.
But it's a computer transmission, whether it's using a phone line or a cable
and some people don't have that.
I see.
Because of the wires.
Okay. Well, whatever.
Anyway, you're going to be able to give gas.
You're going to be able to go to the publics and wind dixie into the, uh,
sawgrass. Do we have any more information about the sawgrass?
I don't see any, uh, updates too much.
Maybe we'll get some calls today if I ever decided to take any.
I'm going to come on.
Well, here's one right here.
I'll tell you before I finish that poll result.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
You're not a food.
You know, like I said, maybe I'll take some probably not.
Uh, gas companies 174, F.P.L. 162.
Jeb Bush 86.
Oh, 86 and please send to the Okie fan Okie swamp.
The Democrat 69, WIMPS, media 55,
Lane neighbors 42 are at.
Happen him out.
Insurance companies 38, FEMA 38.
Heck of a job, guys.
Local politicians in 27.
Bell, South 12 and the banks,
Solomentate, uh, V.A.S.
V.H.E.
How do you say it?
What?
I get, uh, you know, it's very difficult.
Well, I don't know either language, but when you're like doing, uh,
like Italian and Spanish, right?
You keep, you keep, you know,
interspersing words from one to the other that are incorrect.
Not that anybody really gives a crap.
Right.
Because they're similar.
Because most people in America can't speak English anyway.
Right.
Especially Shannon Sharp.
Get him off my TV.
I'm going to like sue somebody if they don't get his ass off my TV.
He said pretty soon.
Rosa Parks is already rolling over in a grave.
All that she fought for, so that Shannon Sharp could go on and embarrass all of his people.
Oh, good.
Golly miss Molly.
To call him illiterate would be the,
would be an insult to all the illiterate people all over the world.
And I'm sure that, uh, I know Joshua agrees with that.
Yes, he's terrible.
He is just, uh, unacceptable.
He makes Lenny Martens sound like Edward R. Murrow.
But he's an ex-player.
They just give him the job.
The next jock man he had, he still has the taint of jock sniff on his, uh, parts.
So they're sniffing it.
The taint, the taint.
27 after 10 and 5 60 WQM.
I hope you're doing okay.
We hope your life is coming back together a little bit.
Uh, we're very depressed that the, uh, competitors across the street can't keep their transmit around the year.
And you got all that Hispanic, uh, time and attempt and dribble on there and seven.
I need like we used to on W.S. news years ago.
I think they had updated that signal too much because that would probably cost some real money.
And they gave the dolphins all that money.
Hey, when you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit is what it's all about.
So do this smart thing when your titsies are looking for brand new shoes.
And that is go over to Brandy's for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes.
Brandy's carries a humongous, fantastic selection of all the top brands in the shoe business like Rock, Porz, Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, S.A.S.
New Balance.
What's not to like?
And Brandy's make sure you have a customized video favorite comfort shoe every time.
And just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price.
And the pros of Brandy's really understand comfort and fit Brandy's specializing wide wits as well.
Brandy's is well worth your trip from just about anywhere in South Florida.
As it has been for years and years now.
So keep this in mind for comfort, South, fit, value and selection.
The only place you need to be thinking about is Brandy's shoes, 1290 North Federal Highway and Popperna.
Reach open daily nine to nine Sundays, nine to five.
And all the good people of South Florida during this very difficult time.
Our thoughts are with you, Sarah, friends at Brandy's.
And Brandy's is open.
That's the good news.
Brandy's open to serve the community as they have for the past 25 years plus.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
Four more bombs drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, four bombs drop.
Oh, I'm 10, 11, 12 more bombs drop.
We're going to drop.
Around the glass we're going to drop.
And bombs and take a step.
Close that drag right off their heads.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb up.
Out of their lights, we're going to bomb.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
Oh, right.
Let's go.
Here's the field.
And bombs, so have a blast.
We're going to drop that bomb.
Out of their lights, we're going to bomb.
Out of their lights, we're going to bomb.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
Don't go, don't go.
I can't just stop the bomb.
Hey, no, go get your own pizza, by the way.
They got great pizza in New York, and you can go out there on like 34th,
and 40th second street and get a slice.
1033, 2074, 11 o'clock at 5th, 60WQM.
That's just a preface to a story I'm sure you'll be hearing in days to come.
Won't they?
Probably.
I would think so.
Not here, though.
We don't want to be a Schmidt distributors.
567, we got to hear from some people out there finding out about more restaurants that
are open and things that people need to know and important things.
And of course, some of the chronics and idiots.
567, 0560, our phones are working.
Thanks, staff.
Great job.
You almost think we got an engineering staff there, almost.
And at least, the better what they got across the street, by a long shot.
At least, we're still on the air.
567, 0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yep.
Just want to give you a heads up for food today.
Yeah.
Monday's, who was on your poll, we'll open and gain to be at 330 Easting Beach, Wall of
Art across from highlight.
Yeah.
We open a fire at the clock.
They got powerbacks.
Monday on Tuesday.
That's right.
Monday's on and we have Tuesday.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
All right, thanks.
I just like Bob Lincoln.
Yeah, I'll be right back.
But thanks a lot of good call.
Good information.
That's the kind of thing we need a lot more of.
You know what I'm saying?
A lot more.
And don't forget more from New York at two.
Not in the studio because we don't want those coody spreading around.
WQM, hello.
Cass, we didn't candle was out.
No, no restrictions.
Thank you.
Thanks.
This is great.
If you got a business and you want to let people know that you're open and you want
to make a few bucks after a week of real grief, I'm telling you, man, I mentioned that
yesterday and nobody's really writing enough about that.
There have been one or two little teeny tiny articles.
See, the newspapers don't have to worry because they publish your video.
They all I would imagine a lot of people cancel their ads or at least, you know what I mean,
postponed them.
Right.
They'll send some pretty big full page ads in when your store is closed to the door, your
restaurant or whatever might be or your racetrack like Poppano Park and the others.
A lot of damage to Gulfstream too.
And they're like a long way from finishing that construction.
They got some real issues over there.
WQM, hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk to Neil about the gas.
Speaking speaking about what?
I'm sorry about that.
Neil, I wanted to know why our governor is talking to these gas stations about subsidizing
their generator when the population have been buying for a long time with the way they've
been gouged and it says it is.
Right.
Well, that's a record big, multi-billion dollar profits, you know, maybe the folks that
they exon and the other big and Chevron, maybe they could afford a few bucks for generators.
I mean, maybe he just got, maybe he just got stock in gas companies like his brothers.
But speaking of that, you'll be very pleased to know that your secretary of defense runs
well.
Rummy, Prummy Rummy has got enormous amount of stock in that drug that's running in a
tamarind flu.
Yeah, but did you just say here that the only company in the United States that actually
makes it is being sold to a foreign investor?
Now we're not going to have any United States companies.
You're going to have to make contact with runs for with Rummy.
You're going to have to step over to his joint.
Where is the question?
When we pissed off the EU, are they going to hold up on tamarind flu from the dollar
profits?
Don't ask too many questions, man, because they'll come and get you asked.
Good luck to you, Pelling.
All right.
Don't ask any questions.
Thinking of generators, it was just brought to my attention in a herald article, you
know, people will reimburse you for the cost of a generator.
But only if you were an unprepared shrub and waited until your power went out to buy one.
If you were prepared like some of us and bought your generator before the hurricane, they
won't reimburse you?
They will not.
You're saying, I call them up right now and say, your mama.
Your mama says, Sox and Hell, that's what I would tell them.
Bastards.
Got it all, mighty.
What kind of a country are you people living in for Christ's sakes?
Man, it used to be.
I can remember when the US was the greatest country in the world.
Now all of a sudden, they stole that election in 2000, everything went to hell.
Then we had buildings falling and we had all of this kind of crap going on gas, three
and a half bucks a gallon.
And people dying, and evenly enough, a full and war based on lies.
And people having to be indicted and resigned from the White House because the fact they
are a lot part of a conspiracy, they cover up the old smear and smear conspiracy.
I've been telling you that for a long time.
Paul O'Neill, he wrote that book and all of a sudden, well, he used some confidential
classified information in there and Paul, you better watch out and keep your mouth shut
or we're going to fry your ass.
Remember that?
Yeah.
But after his book came out, right?
And of course, you know, it was a polygraph anyway, but nevertheless, they sure
shut.
Don't see him no more.
They shut him up good.
Smear and smear, just like Cindy Sheen.
Here's a woman lost her kid in Iraq in a needless war.
She's got the caulons, unlike most of the Democrats, to go around the country screaming
bloody murder and getting a whole bunch of other people involved.
And smear her ass too, you know why you're at it.
And use that faggot there in Miami Beach, by the way, to help do it.
That Miss Fudge.
I'm going to tell you if you see him, just take a basic member of the movie, Misery,
with James Connacanti, but with the men.
Great his kneecaps.
Miss Fudge.
I'm encouraging anybody that encounters him on the beach to get a aluminum back from
the hurricanes and go there and just break his kneecaps and make them understand the
kind of pain he's inflicting.
South Hany Maticone.
You're idiot.
You're quizzling.
You're simple to him.
Just like yesterday, big news on there about this new Nazi they got that they won on
the Supreme Court, Samuel Alito.
And he's got the tear jerking story about all the Republicans are all upset because the
Democrats are calling him Scalito.
And it's an ethnic thing, you know, with like Scalia and his name combining, which has
nothing to do with ethnic.
It has to do with political philosophy as in fascism.
You quizzling, you idiot.
You're fair.
Yeah.
Like I said, how does it feel to look in the mirror every day you bald-headed geek with
your silly hat and realize you're a total cell-out-foany-fag Jew, huh?
This is Neil Rogers.
You said this is 5'16".
Well, I'm a South Basin.
I've reduced his amount, numbers and blind justice comes another exciting tale of a
different way of able to climb further.
I'm an excellent detective.
Yeah.
I'm an excellent detective.
This is Wayneman P.I.
This is not getting away.
Quick, after him.
I'll drive.
I'm an excellent driver.
Wayneman P.I.
He's obsessive-compulsive about catching crooks.
Right, man, what do you make of this?
The victim was found wearing only his underwear.
It definitely got my boss's shorts.
It came on Cincinnati.
He sees to it that every criminal gets his day.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
He's a criminal.
Call them up and I'll say I was it without cable for this much.
Please credit my account and they will as they have in the past with, uh, NoMuzz or bus.
Well, thank God for that.
Meanwhile, the delpus said 43 percent of it's 165,000 cable TV internet customers in the
Bocad Delray area head service yesterday of a delphe is almost two hundred thousand
customers in a West Palm area.
Only 38 percent had service in a Palm Beach Garden area.
Seventy percent of a hundred and twenty thousand subscribers were up and they had service
to.
Of a delpious 43,000 customers in Broward 91% at service in day number were 68 or more
68% of more than 76,000 customers following all these numbers.
No.
Well, I don't know.
They're making a feel more optimistic or make a feel depressed if you don't have your
stuff, which is your case.
Advanced cable communications which has fewer than 50,000 subscribers in Coral Springs
and Weston said fewer than 10% of its customers were without service.
For satellite TV operators, Direct TV and dish network, the biggest problem is dishes
that were blown away or shifted by the hurricane's winds are busted in half like mine.
My Direct TV off-tourists.
Direct TV said 25 to 30% of its South Florida customers' long service after the storm
spoke in Robert Mercer.
Remember Bobby Mercer?
No.
Said the company was working closely with FPNL, the restore service by neighborhood
and neighborhood by neighborhood as soon as electricity is restored.
Direct TV rival dish network wouldn't say how many of its customers are without service,
but how many customers do they have in the entire South Florida dish network?
Yeah.
Oh, well, that should be easy to figure out.
Now here's the FPNL story and you believe it if you want, but I don't.
Don't believe it.
Thousands of utility pole snapped and toppled during Wilma because of freakishly strong
gusts, not because of poor maintenance.
Florida Plunder Relood official said yesterday.
FPNL has examined 900-down poles since last week's storm and found no evidence that deterioration
sub-stated materials or faded or anchored them deeply enough contributed to their demise,
company official said.
State regulators have criticized the company last summer for favoring the document inspections
of its poles and brow it and date.
The issue had been on the back burner until last week when Wilma scattered 7 to 10,000 poles
across three counties, contributing to blackouts that affected more than 6 million
FPL customers in the state.
By comparison, about 1,000 poles failed when Katrina Hathier in August, Katrina was a
cat one preliminary data from the National Weather Service show top wind speeds that would
make Wilma a category one storm too.
Geisha Williams, there she is, she's just everywhere, you know the Geisha girl, right?
Vice President for a distribution of the field said she thinks meteorologists have underestimated
Wilma's force and eventually will conclude the winds must have been more powerful at least
in some places.
We just had Katrina in the same area our poles didn't rot overnight, she said.
That's interesting.
Right away, putting it, FPL and Genevieve John McAvoy said he'd seen long strings of poles
knocked down by Wilma.
Some had been installed in the 70s, others have been installed as recently as last year.
Many of the down poles were found next to an open field or pond where the wind could
have separated before hitting them.
Of the 900 poles examined, the greatest majority broke well above the ground level and broken
away that suggests they were supposed to have forced far greater than design capabilities.
It sounds to me like the Lord blew them down.
Or maybe it was the three-wheeled, the three bears.
The wolf, you think?
Mr. Huffing and Puffing.
The three bears that were huffing and puffing?
There was three pigs.
Three little pigs in the three bears in the Cinderfella.
Most of the wooden poles used in south, I am not into those fairy tales.
Most of the wooden poles used in south Florida, decided to wind up 118 miles an hour.
Concrete poles are built significantly stronger, but many of those broke during Wilma II,
a dang it.
Crews working in the field on Monday seemed to have the conclusions reached by FPL engineers.
Well, there you go.
If we're wrong, they apologize, but do we really believe we're wrong?
No.
Now, what are they going to say?
They're going to say, boy, you guys really suck and don't bother paying us.
I don't think so.
Well, but they're all whipped up about the A-B-On flu now.
You see how they change the subject?
Today, he does that.
Yesterday, they did the thing with the Supreme Court and the new Nazi they want to stick on it.
And nobody's talking anymore about scooter liby or about anything.
That means anything.
We're about all these people dying in Iraq in the fact that we're up to 2025, at least in Americans.
Nobody's talking about any of these things.
Because their wagon, the cats ass is what they're doing, man.
Clinton may have wagged the dog a little bit, but these people are wagging the pigs a curly ass.
The pig tail.
I wonder if Johnny Depp is into it.
What was that movie again?
With pigs?
The pig tail moved with Johnny Depp.
Oh, with a little spit curl?
Yeah.
Cry baby.
Cry baby.
I haven't seen that.
And I'm from what you tell me.
I will.
I don't.
Yankee Clipper takes on Wilma.
But Yankee Clipper, why do I think a Skipper chuck and result in connection with that?
Did he used to do a show there or something?
It's possible.
I know he was connected with, or was with, what's that restaurant we got?
They were advertised on our station, by the way.
Copper linkers.
Oh, okay.
Maybe it's because I think I once saw Chuck's teeth sitting in a glass there.
I beg your pardon?
Maybe it's because Clipper rhymes with Skipper.
Maybe that's it.
But I don't think so.
I think once it back in the day, you know, back in the day, Skipper up to a kid sitting
with that.
But anyway, Yankee Clipper, oh no, Joe Dima is you, Yankee Clipper.
He didn't have none to do with it either.
The beachfront building at the Sheraton Yankee Clipper would remain closed for a significant
stretch of time in the wake of severe battery by Hurricane Wilma.
But the 375 inland room was open.
Once power returns to the Fort Lauderdale Resort, the General Manager said yesterday that
would make the Clipper one of Wilma's biggest casualties among hotels.
Broward Tourism Chief Nikki Grossman said 100 of the Broward 680 hotels were open yesterday,
but only 60 expected to be closed for week or 10 days for the repairs.
Rest said they'd be ready to open the soon as they were getting electrical service.
And I'm sure that I don't know if the hotels are filling up with tourists, which I doubt very
seriously, or with local residents who have no power and want to go to a place where they can take it.
Why don't I understand why you don't do that?
You're making a big vux?
Huh?
You talking to Dr. Hill?
Yeah, take the family of one of those nice posh hotels on the beach over there.
Everybody can take a nice hot shower.
Do they have an entrepreneur?
As though the camp was saying a cold shower.
What's that all about?
What can't we do to take a cold shower?
Maybe the people are coming.
But I mean, I didn't realize that.
He's got to take a cold shower.
Maybe that's the cow in front of the Dodge Place.
Got them all whipped up.
In Dade County, probably 99% of the county's hotels are open, said Ginny Gulliere is,
spoke to them for the Greater Monument Convention and Visitors Bureau.
And she said the hotels here, I suspect that.
That's what she said, just like Jaime Roth.
So why don't you, yeah, go over to Miami Beach and rent here again.
In fact, that's what Greg ought to do for you.
I just had a brainstorm.
Now listen to me.
Yeah.
This is the M.S.
As a way of saying, great job during the summer.
And because I really want to show you that I care, even though I hate you like poison, George.
Oh, I'm going to get you for the weekend.
This coming weekend, a nice big couple of room to put there on Miami Beach and one of our many trade-outs.
And we got trade-outs up there and nose on the log today.
And you picked the whole family over there.
And probably up on a high floor too.
So if somebody in the family should fall off the balcony, you always blame Greg.
Miami's Conrad, a luxury hilton that had windows.
You don't think that's a nice idea?
Yeah, it's nice. I'll keep drinking.
And we're sure that he won't do it.
Yeah.
Miami's Conrad, a luxury hilton that had windows blown up during Wilma, said yesterday it'll reopen within 10 days.
Far better than the end of November, we turned first predicted by the hotel.
In the keys about 90% of the resorts are up and running, said tourism spokesman Andy Newman.
So what happened with fantasy theft?
Yes, can they?
Oh no, underdough.
No wonder she had to leave her go out of town.
Because there were no fantasy thefts.
We probably had to go to like the Provincetown.
A bigger section, Little Palm Island Resort, they posh get away on Little Torch Key, which won't reopen till December the turn.
Little Palm Island Resort. Jesus.
The news about the Yankee Clipper came amid confusion over the fate of the landmark hotel, which helps to meant the city's fun and some reputation in the 60s when it was sudden fun before they destroyed all those miserable old goyem.
When it let where the boys are from, on location there with Connie Francis and Frankie Avalon and all those other goyem.
The hotel's operator, starboard hotels and resorts worldwide, issued news release saying the entire property would remain closed indefinitely after the storm.
There was just an error made, General Andrew, a more apiagra said.
Starwood said, when was damaged prompted to trip or to move up renovations plans in that summer, leave the hotel closed and filled construction from begin.
He had said, yes, the hotel might do that with a 125 room, a beat.
Hey Connie. She's got a little problem. Connie Francis.
She was okay. MGM records is our recall.
You all label.
Might do that with a 125 room beach run building, but that's larger building across the one they would stay open.
Even during renovations, he said the beach run building suffered broken windows and water damage, which could take an extra month to complete there.
To be honest, the key clip for parts of open parts are closed. Take the whole family over there and now you know, hotels are up.
I think that's a decent idea.
I mean, who the hell, what kind of tourists are going to come to a place that's hurricane battered and...
Oh, and...
Presky Indians think is bowling balls in the French Canadians who are down here in force.
They might have heard.
Oh, I'm talking to the frogs in there.
No wonder the Lord does smoke you again with Wilma.
And he's in the French Canadians.
It's a good thing the panthers in Montreal deny.
By the way, it's the bell center. Is the name of the arena where they play the bell center.
I just thought I mentioned it in passing. Does anybody care?
I've seen it from the outside.
Do not go to Montreal. The food is great, but the people are French.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in Singular, Ridersline.
We're getting this slowly, but surely a few restaurants called in.
Maybe you'll even find a Taco Bell where some drive-through places are open.
Already on the fence, huh?
We got a messenger getting some Taco Bell as we speak.
Really? Who went to get food?
I sure hope not to mo.
No, a friend of mine.
That's raised in the yard.
Although, you know, I'm going to have to have him, you know,
smuggle the food in under his shirt.
You went to get a fat boy?
No, one of my friends.
Oh.
One of your friends, but you don't want to say who?
Oh, you know.
Can be Tommy, could it?
No.
Nobody that works here.
Oh, a personal friend went to get you Taco Bell?
No, an impersonal friend.
I see. Well, that's great.
Thank God for that, man.
And of course, if you do bring your own food in the station,
some hoser will come along and just grab it right off the table there
and, you know, run away with it.
Absolutely.
I don't want to mention no names.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
That story is just shocking.
I mean, there are some people who are true sociopaths.
They cannot function in conjunction with any other human.
They just, with any human.
I shouldn't say other human because that makes it the biggest,
something big leap.
They just can't interact with other people.
They need to be like, I don't know, maybe with animals or,
I don't know where or what.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
Not to mention no names, of course.
Absolutely.
How many QA and Hello?
I might open, come and eat.
WQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, Neil, what do you thought some Vancouver?
Because friends of mine are telling me that.
I mean, there's so I can't have too many thoughts.
All I hear is it's just great.
Yeah, this thing, it's actually better than Toronto.
So I'm not, you know.
I mean, what does that mean?
It's better than Toronto.
It's very scenic and it's got mountains.
I mean, it's way, way out there in the Northwest.
You know, I mean, if that's what you're looking for is like,
outdoors, woodsy and the, oh, that's great.
You know, these guys are smokers, so perhaps maybe that plays into it.
That could be it.
But plenty of people smoking a big fat ones here, man.
You don't need to go all the way to Vancouver, right?
Oh, God.
See ya.
Oh, yeah, they smoke openly here.
I mean, you go out and smell that guns in the air and like, who gives a crap?
But in America, oh, man, let's, we kind of came to it.
And I still can't get over the fact that nobody's talking anymore about that kid
a 23 year old guy, a young guy.
Oh, you know, he was a dirty other squad team.
He got a scale.
He was a dealer.
He had a little bit of pot.
So they killed his ass and that jackass swat team guy that called him that day on the show.
Shame on you.
You murderer.
We got a scale here in the studio that you bought.
Well, guess what?
They're coming.
This is the new one.
This is five-side on the end.
This is the new Roger shirt.
This is his brain.
Any questions?
I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having your blue slur, BG?
We are having a sale on camera.
R-JG.
We have had about many flavors.
R-JG.
R-JG.
I'm scared, I'm scared.
I just can't make it go all the way inside that thing.
I just threw it in the women's bags.
It is only because they're so bad at it.
You can play with group reactions on the group and we don't know.
We wish it to be like our pool bag.
R-JG.
R-JG.
I'm scared of my face.
R-JG.
R-JG.
You're going to excuse me now, I really...
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
R-JG.
Oh, there's the world couple.
There's Prince Charlie, who had a big ears, double the elephant and Kimmelah Parker,
bowls and Prince Charles were his kils.
She bowls and he was kils and those big silly socks.
Did you ever see him prancet around here in Scotland?
In the kils.
Oh my god, Kimmel.
Hey Charlie.
You're fairy.
And you know how good job they did is suppressing that story about him and his butler and they were doing like the, well whatever.
They were doing doogie style.
Laura affects him and says I haven't been able to send this previously, so I'm still without power and didn't return to the office until today.
But she says let me purpose by saying FPL sucks the big one.
Absolutely correct, man.
In the beginning after the hurricane FPL applies, they need to handle hospitals and emergency places first.
Okay, that's fine.
That's fine.
However on Tuesday morning I had to make a delivery to Keebus Gain.
I saw 12 FPL trucks working on restoration on Keebus Gain.
Why is that?
There are no hospitals in Keebus Gain.
Could it be because money talks and bullsh mid walks in this town.
Money always comes first.
Absolutely.
And closing FPL sucks is alright.
You've got your thumb on it, honey.
You're right.
And this business of it, it seems like it's become like all the media wants to suck up to a bush.
Now they all want to suck up their field.
I don't understand that.
The more incompetent and the nectar, the more you let people down, the more everybody wants to licky licky.
I don't get it.
I think some of these are got their number.
There's Chuck Schumer.
There he is.
There he goes.
There's Chuck.
Nice bike fove will Chuck.
Okay.
A little more information.
And we'll get a whole bunch of people calling in.
You know what I would like to know before this spot comes up in a couple of minutes?
What?
See, I don't want to knock Adam, although I just don't know if I ever recover.
Repair our relationship after he gave me that bogus information last Friday about the BP station being open on the corner.
Is it open now?
I hesitate to ask.
Yeah, it's open.
Oh.
Well, I mean, at least you might give me an accurate answer.
A straight answer if I'm not right.
But he had no idea.
Or just a gay.
And I don't know.
But he comes in breathlessly before the show and he gives me a son.
Oh, yeah, they're open.
There's a line there.
See, check your facts before you inspire me to put stuff on the air.
But I would also like to find out because he used to be the one guy in the sales department once upon a time that we could count.
I'm like, sir, you know, I maybe once in a while go out and sell something.
Not too much.
But, you know, service the account.
Do some copy and be a little conscientious.
And, you know, be okay.
But now he's been there so long.
He's become one of them.
I hate to say it.
Because, you know, I got the emote code spot coming up with three locations.
I haven't got the funniest idea.
I mean, like with Least with Brandy's.
And this is nothing to do with Berkeley because they sent it over to us.
It's not that she's on the job.
Believe me, on the case.
She is a case.
But I have no idea if they're open or not.
Wouldn't that be nice to know?
Oh, no.
So when the spot comes up, Adam, I can tell the audience whether open here or they're not open here yet or they're all, whatever.
All of these things, man.
All of these things.
That would be nice to know.
See, that's part of the job.
It's called job description as a salesperson, servicing the account, taking care of the copy, finding out in times of crisis and emergency like this.
What's going on?
Okay?
Which even Fatboy is all over it like stink on Greg, you know?
But no.
Adam is just, he's gone e-wall since he came in last friend.
I ripped his ass for Kimmy Baton.
We can get all those people lined up there for guests.
And now those people, they're not pissed off at him.
They're pissed off at me.
Because I put bogus info on the ear.
Right, Josh?
Right.
What?
Frost my ass.
So if you want to be pissed off at somebody, be pissed off at Adam Taran because he's the one that came rushing in there.
And he gives me info that's incorrect about something that we have nothing to do with.
And then when it comes to info I need for one of our fine long time sponsors, I can't get an answer.
I can't find out.
Went in town front.
Maybe you'll come running in there between now and the 12 minutes after, do you think?
I'll let you know if he does.
Yeah.
Come on, Adam.
Get off your ass.
Too much hanky, panky with that guy.
That's the problem.
I think he learned that from Brian Schmutz, who was doing somebody in our box at the Mac Arena.
Remember that?
He was doing his girlfriend in the sky box.
Yeah, I saw him, Brian.
Broke it in.
Yeah, he broke it in all right.
And the box too.
Well, Dave classes may resume Thursday.
Miami-Dade schools canceled class through Wednesday, hoping to be open Thursday morning.
I read that song by the mom.
It's in the pop-up Thursday morning.
Remember that?
I was just listening to it this morning.
Dave Public Schools remained closed at least two tomorrow as district leaders wait for electricity
to return at dozens of schools around the county, officials say yesterday.
At least 45 of Dave's 327 schools were still without power Monday afternoon.
And few others had electricity in the main building, but not in portable classrooms.
Schmutzman Joseph Garcia said the district topos resume classes Thursday were crossing our fingers and our legs, he said.
And our eyes and our ears.
On Monday, FPL Vice President Geeseo waited and she's all over the place man.
She's everywhere.
He's like a, he's like a, uh, a, a, a boy, she's like a big boy.
Said all Dave's schools would have power with Stuart by tomorrow.
Do we believe her?
Well, let's just put it this way Geeseo will believe it when we see it.
She wasn't able to estimate when work would be finished in Broward, or fewer than half the schools had power.
Broward classes are also canceled today and through tomorrow,
whether this isn't expected the next day or two about the remainder of the way.
Now, I love the way they write this.
Matthew Pinser writes in the hero, would they decision expected the next day or two about the remainder of the way?
Probably that makes sense to me the next day or two because, uh, right?
Right.
Go ahead, Josh hit it.
Oh, Adam came in and said, uh, all locations are open.
If they weren't, he would have told you so.
So, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, uh, function by assumption.
That's right.
All locations are open though.
Okay.
See, now he's getting surly by it.
If they weren't, he would have told me, uh, Yamama,
just like he told me that BP was open too.
And anyway, now that would be a little bit too much like an effort to say, hey, guess what?
They are all three open.
How would I know that?
I'm just, I'm just assuming any place you want to go that we like they're open, okay?
Rainy weather slowed some utility work one day.
Garcia said that FPL had restored power fairly easily.
It's in campuses because it's hard to be hard to fix.
Scrapping Wednesday's classes means they will have lost eight days to woman plus four mortar, hurricane scotrine and reader.
It's good to be a habit.
It's like living up north when you get snowed out.
Oh boy, I love those days.
Oh, you wake up in the morning with snow and like hell.
Oh yeah.
And you turn on the radio or the TV, and you wait for them to run.
Uh, classes at school is canceled.
The candidate will account of me today.
Oh yeah, and you'd go, oh, right.
And go back to bed.
Superintendant Rudy Krumat, Monday, I've known with the fat ass governor who said last week that he was
reticent to allow South Florida schools to dip below the mandate and 180 school day school year.
He wanted school boards to take it with vacation holiday and teacher planning their schedule before asking for waiver.
Maybe he's got some devious plans so they can do that.
On the other hand, Bush said he would like to postpone administering the FKAT test in South Florida.
Cruz said he wanted at least a one week delay on the test which are given in February and March.
Last year, Bush granted one and two week extensions to hurricane ravaged counties.
Other than lack of electricity and the darkened traffic signals that come with it, Garcia said they'd school
schools are ready to rock and roll.
All significant damage was repaired by Sunday and school buses are fueled and ready to roll.
It says they're ready to rock and roll like I just got through saying only 13 campuses reported a breed blocked access and 34 reported down power lines out on your school property.
Crew plans to me with the district 900 principles and assistant principles on Wednesday, hoping to prime them for the task of resuming classes for more than 360,000 students have been away for about two weeks for Christ's sakes.
Last week, he announced a ten-point recovery plan that included, I mean, what difference does it make before it?
For the quality of the education system, so he missed after school years, you're not going to miss anything anyway, right?
Right. Now teaching a crack.
Speaking of your fat ass governor, why just got a whole lot of hurricane related stuff and then we'll get to the good stuff.
I got a story here that is just, I just don't know how much more of it that the living and breathing people can take.
The Flat Earth Society, whether it's stem cell research, whether it's the so-called intelligent design.
These are crazy people and they take it over the country thanks to a Stephen Two elections.
And the media just obediently goes along and they deal with these people like they have some kind of credibility, legitimacy, like with dignity, you know, with crazy people.
Just like that, the Flat Earth proud.
The bait rages on use of cervical cancer vaccine while almost 100% effective, some contend that the use condones teen sakes, the right wingers.
Yeah. No matter what scientific advance we make, the right wingers will come up with some reasonable poses.
No matter how much sense it makes, no matter how much misery and illness and suffering it can avoid and prevent and no matter how many diseases it can cure.
Well, the embryo, the fetus, the life begins at the moment when I say it does.
Oh, brother.
When you do realize that if they can fool which I don't know what's going to happen, there's going to be a lot of war on this Nazi appointment in the Supreme Court.
Yeah. But if they confirm this, the lethal fascist and the bottom line is that there will be a majority of Catholics on the Supreme Court.
Great. And I'm sure that the fascist Pope, you see how this is all tying in here.
The fascist Pope, his BDI will be rolling around like a pinball machine man. He'll be going, if you miss, he'll love it.
Anyway, speaking of your fat ass governor, state officials will fly the way to require some gas stations to have generators.
We'll point the long waits that South Florida Redism experience after Hurricane Wilma, your fat ass governor said yesterday.
But we're said any requirement is unlikely to come with assistance from the state given the multi million dollar profits that oil companies make.
Well, somebody find a must have smack them in the side of the head.
They've got to be ways to create a requirement that there's enough generating capacity to be able to recover quickly, but we said standing outside of Miami City Hall, it doesn't take much.
Wow, if he takes some of the money that Noel was using for blow,
first said the state is also likely to look at why so many power lines were toppled, but said putting the lines underground comes at enormous cost.
Bush made his remarks and he spent the day touring hurricane damage from Cluiston to Miami.
He praised Miami's response to the hurricane, giving Mayor Miami Diaz his running for reelection a huge boost before the TV cameras.
Monday evening, we ever made his way around a food tent at FPL staging site. I wonder if he's eating MREs at Tropical Park.
Patting utility workers on the back and thanks, shaking hands and posing for photo ops group pictures photo ops.
There was thief, I think. Oh, I guess not. Do I look good next to the governor? One worker asked his cameras flashed.
Yeah, anybody looked good next to that fat ass. Power remains a major concern. Diaz called the lack of electricity in the top of power pulls across South Florida almost ridiculous.
He said ridiculous and he said a person like in a running for reelection like me can't afford to be made to look ridiculous.
But Bush said he was pleased overall with FPL's response, noting the utilities done a better job of informing the public what it can realistically have power back,
especially like the part where they said everybody will have power back by seven years from circus. He liked that.
That makes it easier. There's a little more certainty said I think they've done very well. I'm never satisfied till I think the mission is complete.
You are such a fat ass idiot, Jim. More on.
I'm the issue of whether an adequate FPL maintenance of the script may have added a part was more said it's too soon to make those sort of judgment calls right.
Too soon to see who's paying off whom and who's got their hand in whose pocket. Sounds kind of what gay to me.
I can't find a hit the button there. I think the Lord smoked my finger. In fact, it looks like it's burned around the tip end of it.
11th and the finger to 1113 at 560 WQM the Amel coaster all open. That's what Adam Terran says.
Okay, and if they weren't open he'd be coming in told this battle queen. How do you like that? Come on. How did you know that? Huh?
Or wouldn't you know that?
I don't like to assume anything. We already had the deal where we sent people sluff into one place and turned out to be close because you know I got some bum information.
So let's you know let's get it right. We would have taken about five seconds to simply scroll a little more. Amel coaster all open. Okay. I mean I realized the copy is only like seven months old but that's okay because I know that's what Richard wants. Hey Richard how about the Leafs last night.
Hey.
The Amel coaster's floor is number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant review and all three locations are open now.
And now if you're Friday to Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style every night is crab fest with the last and snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on the half salt and a sushi bar with over 30 items. The Amel coaster also served delicious juicy stuff in the New York States hook to your order and hand carb prime rib.
Just ziggins a different great dishes everything fresh and crispy to nothing sitting there for hours. Mushi like a lot of those joints for dessert.
Leave room for the Amel coaster famous 40 inch chocolate fountain you can hand it your own strawberries marshmallows other decadent treats as well and don't forget the Amel coaster most healthy living the coca cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol.
You can all oil no energy no cornstarch no headaches just a big fat smile on your face when you walk out so book your reservations of one of emeral coast three soft local
locations are all open at them says they're in sunrise sunny out beach and pepper pines for the Amel coaster 954 5723822.
This is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8.
People are ice holes you've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Fevecker and Mary K combined Rick Sanchez things.
Here the Dolson tones of the man who brought you crime check Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
