The paul number just now. Yes. Hello. We said again Terry Shive was dead. She died. I had the young guy. I had the over just this moment.
I'm dying on the hand. She died. That was our poll today. The poll is other than politicians whose death you most eagerly await. Yeah.
And interestingly, actually was just edging up your e-fall well.
Fallwell's improving. Who said that? His condition went from critical to serious. Well, guess what?
When you don't mess with our pool man. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, she was leading the poll in all of a sudden. That was it.
They don't even have to worry about that. She knew anymore. And I'll fall while he's by default. He's moved to the top.
Don't mess with us, Jerry. And don't mess with.
No, who?
No. Now, what's that story all about? I had a couple of spire reports. Of course, his good-cost personal buddy, the group man,
continuing to run around the building, spreading this content and crap everywhere he goes.
But the stories are all of it a building that there was kind of a tie rate. I didn't hear it because I raced out of here to go to Woodline right at two yesterday.
Yeah, that a good day. I am here at either. But evidently, there was quite a tie rate about the man thing to be called by my real name.
My name is Howard David. You see, it's one thing to get along and try to coexist. That's fine. And that's what we ought to be doing.
But the fact of the matter is that, you know, when you had this selective sense of humor, where one day it's okay and it's amusing in the next day,
it's not that it's just too much of a hard-ass man. Let your hair down. It's one thing to take it off, but let it down.
I don't really pay much attention. One way or the other. Don't pay much attention. I thought I'd voodoo doll in there. You kidding me?
Oh, that. Yeah.
Before you, you can. I'm just trying to fight this. I got the crud.
No, me too. So, only I'm successfully, see how much better I sounded, and get my voice back. Why? I just got it today.
You know what it is? It's that, well, I don't know what it is there, but here it's a change of season.
I can tell you what it is here. The beast came in two days ago with it. Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. He likes to spread it around.
Yeah. That's what Clarence told me. So, there was a tie-rate here yesterday?
I'm an L.A. about, I didn't hear it. I'm just piecing together the, maybe we would get a spiriport when we start taking our calls.
I have no idea. I came in here so early that I didn't see anybody today.
And I mean, you know, as far as coexisting, that's fine. I promote everybody's show, and I know you do, but I don't know if you do. I guess you do.
Yeah, well, there you go. I'll try and look at you.
Oh, beyond it, too. That doesn't mean we all love each other like crazy, although I think in most cases, we all like each other a lot.
In most cases, but not necessarily. I mean, when you do evil things to people, I mean, just evil nasty, hateful, rotten, unacceptable things,
and then expect everybody just to forget about it. It's not going to happen. It's just, you know, this isn't going to happen.
Do you like Scott Peterson's wife if Lacey came back now, she could just come back for a day and he would expect her to like embrace and love him.
You know, it probably wouldn't happen. Well, he's gone to the slam. Well, Robert Blake is out. Michael Jackson. I guess that's that'll surface back to the top again. What are the media going to go nuts about now?
I don't know. Well, I guess they're going nuts about whether she's cremated or not. That's the next big story. Yeah. Nobody cares about that.
I mean, it's over. And Jesse Jackson couldn't savor. Yeah, what's he going to do now? Well, he's I guess I'll go back to the question.
I always have a question for you. Yeah, I know this. Do you think they paid to him to come in? He usually gets an honor area more every day.
I wouldn't surprise me or least paid his expenses. It kind of reminds me of OJ and at Gall-Termont that I had at that time.
We're certain people paid for his expenses to come even though I demanded that he not be anywhere near there and not to have anything to do with it.
I was lying to and they paid his expenses. They too remained in California and evidently, no, wind and dine and put him up to hold you.
That was a man like that. Yeah. Well, maybe I'm glad you reminded me yesterday because you know, it's more off your alley anyway with the sports thing.
But about Johnny Cochran and the black coaches and everything. He became a professional militant black is what he became as opposed to a real, you know, all around the turning.
He became just a professional black or everything he turned into a black and white issue, including the OJ trial and including Michael and everything else.
That's the one thing I had against him or he defended P Diddy. Now that's two things I have against P Diddy.
Don't forget what he said. If it doesn't fit your full Schmidt.
All right. Well, so Terry Chibos gone and let me ask you this. What happened to Marsha Clark?
I was channel surfing last night and our close personal friend, lowly $50. He had his second Johnny Cochran panel on there.
And he had Chris Darden and Marsha Clark on there. What the hell did she even have a makeover? She had a miracle.
I haven't seen her. All of a sudden, now she's a blind. She's got a different head, a different, what was the different body? She's like, I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe she's trying to score. Chris Darden was on there. That was the woman. Don't you remember?
Yep. Chris Darden now lives and I just read an article about him about two weeks ago. I think he lives in North Carolina or someplace and, you know, he kind of walked away from that trial or ruined man.
Now, I can't imagine why they should did a really effective job on that. Yeah. They did a great job. There wasn't all they had was the DNA evidence in the glove and the witnesses, everything else, but, you know, don't confuse them with the facts.
They never write your e sometimes that happens.
It's always a good sign when somebody gives the black power salute at the end of reading the verdict. That's always a good sign. That justice is a good sign.
Fuck up one for our side. Absolutely. Well, so you went to Woodbuying yesterday and a good time was head by all.
I was winning number and four digits. It was just fine. Okay. Yeah. Four digits is always a good day. Yeah. And I almost didn't even grant. I usually don't like to talk about amounts, but, yeah, that's a nice number.
Do you get a tax break living up there? What do you mean by that? No. No, but they didn't see they don't tax winnings here. Lottery winnings. Yeah. No, or a racetrack winning. There's no taxes. You just get a lump sum that pay you can't.
You mean if the lottery is two million dollars, you get two million dollars? That is absolutely correct. And by the way, the lot of was nine million last night. Now I got 65 bucks. But anyway, yeah, you get the whole amount. There's no one new. No games. No taxes. If it's 15 million, you get a check for 15 million.
Of course it's Canadian, so it's only 82 cents a dollar. But you know what I'd say. Yeah, it's better than being taxed. Right. It's very 40% get me knocked out. Yeah. I think that I'm looking at a place from my retirement. There you go.
I even though it was a good other man. I've been a woodbine. I did like it. And very soon within the next few months, they're going to have full gaming there too. They're going to have, you know, crafts and blackjack and we'll let the whole deal.
I've actually been there a couple of times. One time I was there for the breeder scuff.
I'd like one thing. If the, of course, you don't think they're going to get it. But if the tracks there in Broward, how about this thing in Dave County where they missed screw up the vote count again, huh? I'm that.
On the last five elections voting at six. I'm sorry voting. Let's just found in six recent elections. And now they the pro slot people are demanding a reelection a new election in Dave County.
Because that's usually screwed it up. Yeah, you were around when a metro real thing was going on. You know the basics. I mean, usually an election in Dave County that wasn't fixed and I'll show you a way on miracle and aberration.
There's never anything in Dave County that hasn't been going on in New York too. I've been reading about having the mayor there is trying to push through this west side stadium.
And they had a bidding process where the goal is to all Madison Square Garden outbid the jets. And yet they were saying that the jets are going to get it anyway because the mayor wants this and the people don't want it. He's going to do it anywhere anyway.
So it doesn't matter where you look at Jerry Falwell just pass Terry on our pool. I guess there's probably a reason for that. Well, we don't have to. And of course this wasn't a cool thing. I'm assuming they were eagerly awaiting it so we can get it over with already and stopping bombarded with this madness.
Jesus enough is enough for that. She crap already. Yeah. Well, it's so long thing to have a nice shoe toothpaste, but that's probably the only.
You're concerned about at this point. Although in England, they do call the they call the subway. They have the tubes and they go from New Jersey to Manhattan. Well, how do you like that? The tube.
Tube everybody's got a tube. The Hudson tube. But is that what they call that? It's a big for Terry.
You know something if they'd brought here just a couple water from the Hudson River where they have the best water in America and maybe in the world.
Hudson River. I wonder why that is. Why the Hudson River has the best water in the world. I wonder why the water is so pure and clean there.
You think with all the degenerates around there? I don't know what that's all about. People to swim in. So I held a lot better than that water in the canals and ants doing it.
The Hudson River would be pure with all those ships coming in and out of there. Do you ever see the canals in the Amsterdam where the water is pure dark brown?
Yeah. Ooh, it is lovely. Well, the weed goes in there. Yeah, that must be it or something. Well, listen, have a great day now. What are you going to do this afternoon?
You're going to go out in the wind couple thousand one. I'm going actually going out there today for a production meeting because I'm doing a board of directors.
I'm going to be able to send. Right. But I don't think I'm going to play the horses there. I'm just going to be. Yeah, right. I'm not kidding. I don't have any interest. Right. I believe you.
In fact, I kind of hands off horse betting. Yeah, me too. I don't I don't play the horses when I go out there. I'm going to get into healthier pursuits. Yeah. Sloss. Yeah. Have a great day.
You too. Very sharp. Oh, it's dead. She died.
Oh, it's a real country. Let's have a job. Let's have a boat again. Don't let them show up.
Yeah.
I'm going to leave her on there though. You know, you know, you're going to have a good day.
10 away at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Thursday to last day in March. Terry Shavo went ahead and screwed up all our plans now. And I pull. I'm going to leave her on there though. You know, just just for kicks.
What? Is she kicking? No. Terry Shavo has died. And now look at these. Look at these people. Did you see that in the NFL guy with a beard holding up the sign?
I'm looking like he just came down the river from entry while scrolled in Chetro Bo D.
Man, right? Oh, man. And now look at this. I already got the heart of it. They're reading from the Bible and they're having a nervous break. And all six of them.
They look like Gideon Bible. They're all matching. Oh, they're lovely. They got those nice red covers. Right. Blood red blood red. Well, there's a lot of blood in that book. I'll tell you that.
A lot of sickness and murder and mayhem and intolerance and hate. Look at look at these people. They look like they look like Edna Wallace on passions like that's all lady.
Wow. So Terry Shavo is dead. And I'm sure a lot of you people are just as relieved as all the rest of us. Same people are see this. This could have. This is the way she'd have gone on without all of the media hysteria.
And then they could have just put this thing on there right now. She died and that would have been it. And you notice what's the public opinion poll started to come out with 82 and 85% of the American public saying, hey, you idiots in Congress and fat ass governor and all these other people and and you're a nut job president.
You made a bad mistake. All of a sudden they said, oh, well, I would not know what we can do. Yes, right? Right. Right.
Now I had these stories. I had this story all said here Supreme Court again with Jackson. We started to be standing cheap. But I guess it's kind of a moot point now, isn't it?
We don't need more of those right no more Terry stories. Thank God boy. The host is for all half an hour here and there. And so I as a result, Jerry Falwell's moved to the top of our list. Let's get to yesterday's poll first.
I maybe look at a spire report on that mo business because like I said, I got into my cab my regular driver whisked me out of here right at two years today. Not that I would listen to anyway, but evidently there was quite a tirade there.
At least that's the report we're getting from some of these super tremble making the enters in the building. I don't want to mention Robert and the beast by name. But that seems to have occurred yesterday right at the two o'clock about my real name is Howard David. And you see, I'm the one who suggested that we try.
You know, as soon as I heard that crap about three weeks ago about the trained monkeys and all this crap starting all over again, like it wasn't the beginning when he first came on the station being at war with me and everybody else.
And I suggested to some of the intermediate clunkies that be that that probably wasn't really a good idea.
Especially after all the trauma that the station has been through because I envisioned a repeat of all that crap again. And I just I just don't have the appetite for it.
I don't think you I don't know, but I don't think the audience does either enough enough of that crap already. But I mean, you know, to get here, it's essentially degree that all of a sudden now we're on. I'm very formal notice and we're going to call by your real.
Well, you know, well, how do you like this? I want to be called Nelson from now on. How do you like that? Mo? I want to be called by my real name, not. Yeah, your property. What kind of crap is that? You know, trust the old temperamental cranky.
Yeah, that, you know, I'm tired of him. I'm really sick and tired. And evidently, a lot of people out there too because when we get to the result of yesterday's poll, it's not a very pretty picture.
May that's what set him off the deep end. You know, the day before we took the poll about the morning, this poll had nothing to do specifically with him. In fact, it had more to do with the mad dog, you know, when it four to seven, but the whole afternoon.
I didn't hear a handkit and I'll bend out of shape. I mean, who knows? Jero's could have done very, very well. Although he didn't hangpied the pass off of him and Mo could have done great on here, but he didn't. That's the point.
It wasn't personal. It was business and you were taking it personal. No. So all I can say is grow up already cranky old child. Give him a spoon. So it gave him a rattle on a spoon so he can bang the spoon on top of the top of the board there all the time.
You know what I mean? I know a little kid, little nasty, hateful rotten little spoiled brat kid. And like that kind of like, yeah, like that. Oh, he doesn't want that either.
I don't want it. I don't want no matter what is I don't want to get a fork here. They're running well for Kim.
Somebody QA and his fire line. Hello. Well, I finally got through. Yes, sir. Neil God. Let me ask you the question. How's Terry doing up there? Yes, he's dying over there. He'll be alive. Yeah.
You know, one of the things that I wanted to try to get through to you on over the last month of this ordeal on all the talking head shows. Yeah, not once did I ever hear somebody ask a panel? By the way, guys, what would you want in this condition?
Would you want to stay alive to 30 years or 20 years or whatever? They never ask the question. No, you're wrong. I did hear that. I do have to connect this to something that's going to seem a little bit ridiculous.
I know that you love ice cream. Have you seen these dog ice cream pints? Yes. I have the chocolate on top. I'm not I'm a true with ice cream. I'm done. I'm all really because I was going to say, you know, the one way to prove whether Terry was a contrast and I just stick a pint of aga in front of the face.
I think I'm going to put that in my will. I'm going to my own living will and if they hold up a leader of Nestle's turtle in front of my face and I don't respond at that point, they can.
Excellent. There you go. Thanks, pal. That's the test. Good idea. 10, 14. I'm undone because I was I'm back to 192. I lost the four pounds. Actually, you know, good.
I'm going to put up a tip up to 196 at one point there a couple days ago. And that's probably why I like where can't talk and I'm like, definitely ill. I'll empty them better today. But that's why I see I'm beyond my playing weight. When you get over a certain weight, I can't find a scene. I know, seriously, I know I've seen it happen over the years. I cannot function.
If I get over some point like my body starts shutting down. So as much as I love ice cream, I love life a little bit better. I'm not one of those people on the pool who's saying my own life from.
That's funny. Not yet. Although of course, if Mo, exactly enough again, just just relax, Mo. Okay. We were happy to have you as part of the family. If we must know and you know, I'll promote the hell out of your show, but just relax.
Mo is not a I don't see anything wrong with it. It's humorous. It's amusing. It's amusing. God. What is wrong with that child?
You're fair. Goodbye, Shival. It's about time you go in. How the media will have to find more subdued views for their pimpo anchor bunnies to steal.
Instead of you that we can use, they'll find a little bit like the one about the naked man who was open to treat and refuse to ever come back down.
That diet really worked great. You lost a bottle of weight, but happy, fresh, your tea.
That's what I'm going to be starting to have a name. He looks pretty amazing to me.
Pimpo number one and also the boon in the box is their Pat Boon and his package in a package.
I think it's a great idea that we all put our heads together and ran out of other pictures.
A bunch of known bimbos on air who look sensational. I think the audience will drool and...
Of course, purely audibly as we come across new pressure. It's got to be something really good.
It's just slap somebody on you because they're famous, even though they look like crap. It's not a really pubic service.
Here's the results of yesterday's poll 1767 votes, which of these applies to your afternoon listening habits radio listening to the 7 in the PM.
I listen to mad dog not mo 478. Don't listen to QM after 2, 230.
3, O. I listen to air america after noon 229. But that's just... Oh, that leaves me limp. I listen to mo and mad dog 198.
I like a good BM in the PM 127 and of course what rational person would not.
Though listen to radio after 210. I listen to NPR and PM 96. Listen to something else in the PM 91.
I listen to 790 and PM 83. How sad. I listen to music radio and PM 81. I listen to Rush in the PM 23.
Rush and I listen to mo not mad dog 21.
It's kind of interesting if you look at the bookends of the poll. I listen to mad dog not mo 478.
I listen to mo and not mad dog 21. Although listening to both of them 198, which is a number we're grateful for at this point.
You know what I'm saying? I'm sure you do.
I wonder if we're going to get any spy reports on that or not. I mean I could kill some time and see if we will or not.
And I noticed that somebody who always claims to be right on top of everything. He's got the flashing lights.
How come the Fudge report don't even have the story?
A lot of those.
No, listen.
Listen, Ms. Fudge, you must be busy. Okay. She must be having a few of her boyfriend's over for a little PM crumpets.
But praying for time and it shows the picture again. A little kid there with his big fat parents.
A court reject shybo's parents last that's appealed and they're praying for time.
There is absolutely nothing here about the fact that she died, which is over half an hour ago.
And is Mr. Guy that always claims to be on top of all of the stories and John Kerry's girlfriend and Bill Clinton and Monica,
you know, all this other crap, you know, some of it a little bit of a true and a lot of it often just BS.
But here's a probably the number one story in the world right now when you think of it in the earthquake.
You think right? When you think you would think.
At least in the US, a, at least in North America, number one story with all the media hype and hysteria has been going on day after day,
about Fort Terry and her. And I'm looking here. I'm refreshing it. I'm clicking it. She must be taking a cat net and embarrassing.
I mean, if you, if you claim to be like the number one source for all the hot information inside scoop, you know,
the number one hot, I don't care if he gets 80 billion hits on that website. It's, you know, your full of crap, Ms. Fudge.
And even if he did put it on, he'd probably be fudging some of it anyway. 70 QAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Pally.
I'm doing good too. Hey, we all knew a Shriver or Shivo. Shriver?
Yeah, Pally.
I was wondering if George can check something out for me. I heard Mitch Hickberg died last night.
He died. He's a great comedian.
Josh is totally.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Yeah. Oh, dad.
Yeah, a friend of mine called me. He was actually going to play at our wedding. Believe it or not.
No, I guess he's good now. Unless I say I'm really done with it.
Cute.
I'll have to get a red button. There you go.
All right. Well, thanks. I just wanted to check.
Maybe I'll try to even do anything on that day. Give him a hand up somewhere.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll catch the kangaroo.
Bring Jackie Cleason with him.
What do you think?
Yeah.
A lot of that going around.
So our poll today, other than politicians, because if I put the politician on there,
you know, we know what you'd be doing. It's just, you know, we don't need any of that.
Other than politicians, who's death, you most eagerly awaited.
Now, Terry was in the lead there for quite a while.
The Terry and Jerry show. But now, of course, now how the mighty have fallen.
She's kind of slid down.
Is that in port taste to say that she's slid down?
Yes, port taste.
Well, like I said, she's kind of slid down because she's already dead.
And the poll says, other than politicians who death, you most eagerly await.
Now, I grant you that's in a very poor taste.
And that's why it belongs on the show because this show is, we go out of our way to be in port taste.
Let's see. 292 votes.
Jerry fall. Well, once we announced that Terry had died and she has,
Jerry passed her like she was laid out.
What? You're going to say standing still, but she wasn't out in town.
No, I was not singing. I'm still standing in that case.
Jerry 125, Jerry fall. Well, now we've got to like work on him,
although Hank had some very depressing news there that he's been upgraded from critical to serious fall.
Well, but one never knows, especially with all of him, heavy rings of fat.
You know around his head and around God only can imagine everywhere else.
God, you may expect more. It looks like little miss muffin.
Fall well 125. Terry, shall I go 83 rest in peace?
RIP. I wonder if they're going to bury her in the box, do you think?
Are they going to cremate it too?
That's Michael wants your cremate in, which I think is a fine way to do it.
And then of course these getch fees, they will keep sticking their nose in there.
Don't they understand? Don't they get the message they aren't in control of her?
See, your parents don't own you.
I know that comes as a shock to the shindlers.
Your parents don't own you. You're not up position.
Once you get to be 18 and you're an adult, you go out on your own and you live your life.
And if you have to get married, your spouse has the legal rights to make these decisions.
But not in their family, but in any right to that's the deal.
So she's going to be cremated. You can bet somebody's life on it.
Terry says, you are the troublemaker. If I had large bulging, oh this is from Robert Creeper.
Oh it is.
If I had large bulging eyes like you, I'd come in and do my show and leave the people on your station off your poles.
Why do this? You're constantly doing this mean-spirited pull on what's mean-spirited about the pull.
We did the pull yesterday or the day before and then Hank beat the crap off of Joe Rose.
We put everybody on there from all the station. What's mean-spirited about it?
It's a rate that would be like saying the arbitrage. What do you keep taking these surveys? It's mean-spirited.
Because some people come out not doing so well.
I dare you to read this on here because of the truth. Oh, sign here. Maybe it's Gary Starner.
Every single day you have something mean to say about Howard. Why can't you do your show without him?
I guess Howard is your show. He had no show without Howard. Yeah, that's true. We had no show before he came to town.
How the hell did I ever get to those other 26 years without that?
You just crawled and scraped and you know.
Oh, I saw you. It says, Moe is a big time.
Pull is what this one says. He was complaining yesterday about his back pain.
In one instance, he said maybe his back pain was from carrying dead weight on his morning show.
Are you serious? Well, he- the back pain must have been why he was in the Surley movie.
I'm sure it was just a temporary aberration, huh?
Right. What happened between him and Gildi?
Well, other than to say that he'd each other like poison, I think that kind of sums it up.
Gildi will not say anything about Moe on the year. It seems as if sooner or later everyone is falling out with the moment.
That's correct. Why is Gildi the only one that more has no problem?
That's not true either. It's just that he happens to be the one who inherited that spot.
And he's stuck there by the way.
Yes, by the time we come back from this break, we'll have the beginning of the show cute up for you.
Oh, hey, show. Yeah, yeah. Yes.
Also, Neil, I love it when you rip Moe. Bring back squirrely Moe.
Okay. Also, here's what it says. I'm from Brooklyn. I'm from the street.
I come from where we fight or turn our backs.
Oh, that's what Moe Howard said. Reference to me.
Oh, reference to my podium. Yes, Dave. Well, what does that mean?
It says the best 20 minutes of radio I've heard in a long time. Thanks Moe.
And then it says,
Don't, don't, don't, don't. Michael from Davie.
I have no idea what that means. It's a poll. Okay. How do we know how it was going to come out?
You idiot. Good. God. I mean, I want to start a fight over a poll because he came out looking like crap.
Like that's my fault. Oh, those are your people.
Man, that must be it. Now my train monkeys. I forgot about that.
You clown. You cyppled and you, don't, don't, don't, don't.
You just had his back was acting up. But we'll hear what he had to say.
Roger Scott. He's finally got a call here. The number one.
One. Ravens. They know how it ended.
They've been in his home. At least according to my aspirations.
They're away from me. I don't even know how you have children.
They're about. Hello.
And I want you to take on J. Fiedler.
Oh, J. Fiedler.
Is a great quarterback in a good joke.
I like to be.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary,
never-least smooth beatops.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe you gotta be careful with your seat.
Oh, keep the. Thank you more.
No, no, no, wait a minute. Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at that. How about this?
I was going down there in a mirror, ma'am.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait. By the way, sir.
No, no, no, I have to go.
Look, I told you what. I'll hold you over and up right.
How's that? I'll give you one of my old tank patients.
How's that?
No, wait.
True. That worked the only color we had.
The band's on your nose is rolling again.
I got a guy, guy, guy.
I got a guy, guy.
What?
I got a guy, guy.
I got a guy, guy.
I got a guy, guy.
Wow.
You got a thing.
We both make.
And you know that's not your face.
And around those golden symbols.
You got my.
If you go up and down here I just see.
A road map of the insulin feed.
You got your happy son.
Way to die, die, die.
Wow.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins just let it start to tickle.
I had the noise and the door, door, door.
Yeah, I spoke like a fool.
I'm a bad.
And after a couple of years we've been old.
And we've been old.
With wiggles, veins.
Yeah.
And we've been old.
And we've been old.
And I've turned out to stop wearing.
How are you now?
I'm bleeding.
You're fair.
Door, door, door.
Door, door, door.
What else?
Okay, 26 to 11 to 5.
60 to 11 to 9.
Let's add some names to that pole by the way.
I got one for you.
Door, door, door.
What about him?
Hey now.
See how you pile on?
Good.
Oh yeah, listen.
I changed my whole attitude.
And I haven't even heard that tape yet.
That we're going to play.
I haven't even heard it yet.
But if that's what this man wants, if that's all he can insist of, is that every time somebody
calls him lower, looks at him cross-eyed, we're going to go back into open warfare again.
Hey, I have no problem with that.
Bring it on.
Say whatever to have you want.
Okay.
About the train monkeys.
And about everybody else is responsible for every time you get a crank call or about your
figure in a room.
Whatever it's going to be.
But I'm a street fighter.
And then we already go through that crap.
It seems to me that I'm a street fighter.
I'm fighting what?
Because we took a pool and you don't like the way it turned out?
See, I got to be honest with you.
The I'm the one that's really sick and tired of being blamed for everybody else's
figures, whether it was on Zeta or whether it was the Chuck Meyer boring morning news show.
Every time somebody fails, somehow it's my fault.
That's the thing that's amazing to me.
What are you going to accept it?
No, in about five minutes.
I'm not.
I'm not going to accept it.
It's much a crap because one thing I have learned in this business, if people like your
show, if they like a music, the station is playing, they're going to listen.
They don't care what anybody else says about it.
They don't look to me to tell them where to listen.
No, no, no.
They'll do what you say.
They'll like what you tell them.
Right.
And like I just said the other day, we'd like to have you listen 24-7 because it means
more ratings bonus money for all of us.
And that's what we would really like in an ideal situation for us, but obviously it doesn't
work that way.
That's what we would like.
Put him on there, put him on a pool.
I'm going to take a photo of his voice.
And then they plug this thing into this.
Oh, sorry.
What was that?
Oh, that's the audio that, uh, well, it's here.
I'm ready for it yet.
Okay, here I am.
I'm ready for it.
The machine is going to go and it's like this is feeling like you're feeling vibration.
Now I know what you're doing with the vibration.
No, no, no.
This is what I'm laying face down.
Right.
Right.
So I just feel a lot better.
And so I got the pain out of my back.
Then the pain in the neck started all over again.
So I'm driving here listening to Neil's poll.
And I'm thinking to myself, this is curious because what was it about a month ago?
Man, it's been said, you know, we want everybody in a nice, harmonious atmosphere.
And I'm figuring, okay, I'm game.
I think it's a good idea.
I think we should respect one another.
I think we should promote one another.
I think we should do what's right from a team standpoint for the station because you want to be able to react in the radio.
Then I hear about Neil's poll and I'm thinking of myself, hmm, this is how we're going to unite by wondering which applies here afternoon listening habits listening to Mad Goggenmo.
Now he is the beginning.
If you want to start, then you address me by my actual name, not some other fictitious name.
First of all, not addressing you.
How do you like that?
So here's the, he is.
So you've taken train monkeys that don't understand.
There we go.
That maybe percent of you don't have enough of a brain because you're listening to what somebody else tells you how to think.
You drink the cool.
Because you're not very smart.
Thank you, Jim Jones.
The only people in the problem is the people talking to you are waiting for Paul the way you want it to come out.
You're ranging in order of the way you want to see things listening to the same thing.
I was at a CD and a one you don't want to come out usually at the bottom.
So that's my favorite book.
How do I assist it?
Exactly.
So it's called mental manipulation.
Really?
And the more things change, the more they stay the same.
I don't hear any complaints about the more endless.
So before you say of management to want this kind of an arrangement, you are kidding yourself.
Right.
It could happen from here out, but it ain't never going to happen from out in it ain't never going to happen.
You are kidding yourselves.
Not upset about it because I've long passed the being upset about not only because I'm cranky today in my back hurts.
That must be even cited to even go in this direction.
I'm not going this direction because of one of those.
It doesn't believe you air your laundry out on the radio.
That doesn't seem to be the way you do things around here.
You air your laundry out on the radio.
That's why we have a dryer.
Exactly.
Big dryer too.
And a lot of paper on the floor to catch all the crap that falls on the floor.
So having gotten through this and this isn't a rant.
You notice that I'm not hysterical.
I'm not upset.
No, I'm not even yelling.
But this is today's another one of those days where you say to yourself, why bother listening?
You should be saying you should be listening to the guy that follows me because we want him to get good ratings.
Like I'm supposed to say who the guy that follows me.
That dog because we want good ratings.
All right.
And I believe in that I sincerely do because everyone does.
That's why you wouldn't mention my name on here for years when you run in the morning.
Continues.
Yeah.
Man said says nothing.
Then you let it go back to Maryway.
Enough.
I see we're a bunch of the Caroline of Panthers.
Now, his joke about this thing, Greek, to be honest with you.
Todd Sauerbrun is a punter.
That it.
Okay.
I think that's it.
I think we were about tired.
The Sauerbrun.
Oh, there was an outbreak.
I think you're putting all this in for more.
Here's another inside.
Fasted we just got from inside the station from an allegedly dandy.
It says your pulls are set up to make Howard look bad.
Your listeners, a lot of them follow you in the same thoughts.
Now, listen to the wording of this.
Mr. Rogers, what makes you think that you were like so much at this station?
You have a lot of the employees who are afraid of you, pretend like you, but they hate you.
Well, guess what?
Guess what?
I'm not on the station to be liked by the people inside the building.
I'm on the station to be listened to by the people outside the building.
That's the way the business works.
And by the way, if you want to have a contest of who's just like more or hated more
by the people inside the building, me or Moe, no more contemporary.
Okay?
No more contemporary.
I don't have the producers fired on this show, the board ops fired on this show.
I'm not blaming everybody else if we have a bad trend or a bad book.
You know, you take your responsibility for yourself or if the pool comes out.
I mean, how many times let's put me on the pool, put me or Rogers on it.
There'll be plenty of people who vote on that.
Probably half of the people in the building.
That's okay.
Can't wait for me to crew.
I have no problem with that because it's a radio show.
And every single day I sit around Moe is coming on to two mad dogs and four.
I promote all the shows.
But if you want me to kiss your ass or make your cranky because you got a bad back,
you want to start this train monkey crap again.
As if everybody had goostips in the line, the pool wasn't designed to do anything to
supply doubt since the management keeps changing the format every five minutes.
What the hell people are listening to?
That's all.
And if you can't take the fact that, you know, there are a hell of a lot of people that
aren't listening to you, but they tune out for two hours and come back at four
because they want to hear Jim Mandage.
Hey, I'm sorry, mad dog.
You're probably be upset.
I call the mad dog not.
Let's call it by his real name.
Jim Mandage.
I mean, what are you going to grow up already with his cranky nose and his suck?
I mean, if you want to go back, it's strictly up to you, sweetheart.
If you want to go back with a train monkeys and you want to like to take it because you've
already been at war with everybody else in the station from Gildi in the beast and even
Carolyn got blown off the show and Zach, you name it.
Run down the list, try to get George fired.
Where the hell does it end?
And of course, we had that we had that con.
Belize a business, which of course, his fine finger was deep into that.
When I released the bomb, when I let the, you know, and talk about management doing
nothing, they said back in the all that to go on.
We almost had a nightmare blow up in our face because of that because we got a cranky
old coup to demand that he be caught.
Well, guess what?
You're mo that that's the character you've become.
I never heard Gildi.
In fact, Gildi went to some club and was singing a song.
Because at least he had a sense of humor about it.
Do you ever hear him complain about being called Gildi?
No, no, no.
In fact, I noticed somebody else's calling them here a few times now that they're not
in lockstep anymore.
In any moment?
Yeah.
Here's the fact that says now we have another cue watch that's always happened in trees.
Johnny, Terry, and question mark, L. Papa.
This is Randall Terry, former white trash drug addict and beat broad and cold leader.
Now I recognize by Fox News as an expected spoked person and from unit to later.
I'd like to say a few words on behalf of my operation rescue you.
We believe in our rights of taking everybody else's rights away.
Now if you've accepted Jehovah's in your heart, then you can help.
With your love gift of fifty dollars and more, I'll personally send you a list of baby
killing doctors to kill.
You're free to do so with the Lord Jesus on your side.
Hebros and R. and U is reason.
Kill them.
Someone not quite whiten rat.
Kill them.
They'll fairly win at all and a miserable loser like me or you.
All you got to do is kill them.
Let's do the work of the Lord once you have accepted Jehovah's in your heart.
Hallelujah.
Terry Shabbos dead by the way in case you two didn't mean in a ministry.
Here's the fact that says how about adding Don Iman's plays and hopefully he'll take
a bodhidle with him.
Yeah, bodhidle you know who that is.
I do.
He's what everybody hates about New York is bodhidle.
Anyway, here's the fact that Goddhinem is.
It says from Lyle.
Oh, Lyle.
Oh, I see.
Well, thank God for Lyle.
He says I'm listening to your show and loving it.
I just don't have time to send you faxes right now.
Lyle who's inside the building also.
That out of the last four faxes, three of them inside the building, one of them
while.
So two negative and one positive.
They hit me and I'm like, you know what?
Who cares?
Hey, because whoever, whoever they are, guess what?
The feeding is mutual.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
No, what I'm saying is that the people inside the building that I like, I assume like
me back, I have a pretty good idea that they do.
And the people that hate me like poison, the feeling like I said is mutual because they
used to say when we were in King Wilson overnight.
So there's the low.
There's what?
There's low.
Oh, but anyway, before you go mo, yeah.
You know, it's interesting.
Remember when we were like in this what?
How do you do it?
What are you talking about?
There's more stuff on tape?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, but what I'm, let me just say something.
That's cool.
Because what's really, I'm not.
Because what's really got me frosted is this.
And he can talk about his bad back and I'm sitting here fighting the Lair and Gideon
getting over this crud from Montreal over the weekend.
But not making excuses about that.
I was prepared to do the show and all of a sudden this blindsided me came out and
over all this crap about this tirade and you know, no way, which is fine.
Like I said, if he wants to go back to doing that, I have no problem with that.
I think it's really tiresome and old and ponderous.
But if that's the way he wants to play it, I have no problem with that.
But you'll recall very clearly and so well the audience when it came down to like push
came to shove and we were going through that whole thing in January for weeks and weeks
and weeks when Joyce was terrorizing Mad Dog and looked like he met go across the street
which would have been the death mill for us.
Believe me.
And then we're trying to figure out, well, let's see, we got Hankers in the morning
now.
Neil is back to his old tentative, no starting whenever I feel like it.
And we're trying to get Mad Dog to do four to seven.
And who are we going to stick in there two to four?
Remember that?
Right.
And it came down to like D-fo or maybe I don't even know who else, a couple of other names popped
up or Moe.
Now who did I suggest?
Who did I say ought to be in there doing two to four?
Moe.
Yeah.
I put aside all our personal problems of the past, all of this crankiness of his and all
of this other trained monkeys, all of this other insanity, all the evil things that
he's done, so many to be recounted, I couldn't do it between now and midnight because of
the fact that I figured, well, at that point, at that point had been the voice of the dolphins.
He had some reasonable night grade for reasonable numbers in the morning and a couple were pretty
good friends and whatever.
As opposed to the corn ball crap that D-fo brings to the table, which isn't much, I'm just
not a big D-fo fan, never have been going back to IOD.
His stuff on here leaves me really limp, all his corn ball humor.
So I just mentioned that in passing, okay, because I'm the evil guy, I don't want to get
along with anybody and I don't promote anybody else.
If I would have said, I guarantee you this, even though I don't have much power, if I'd
have gone to bat for D-fo being in there between two and four, guess who would be on between
two and four?
I get that.
You know, Dan Wells would be.
But there's never going to be any consideration of that.
It's always, and to think that somebody goes off the deep end because we're taking a poll
and somehow I'm responsible for the way the poll is turning out, how the hell does that
work?
How does that work?
Did I rig it?
Like a big county election that I rigged a poll?
Did I know what you want them to do?
Oh, yeah, right.
I forgot to trade monkeys.
How many different times have we taken that kind of poll?
What all the format changes?
When Stern was on, we were taking polls about that.
You know, it's about the only, it's the only barometer that we have a fighting out what
L is going on besides Arbatron, which if they ever give any diaries to anybody who speaks
English, it's a miracle.
So even that doesn't mean too much.
We like to find out what L is going on with the audience.
We like to find out if we still got a pulse, you know, I mean, because we don't have a
cue.
Yeah, if it keeps us going.
Okay, let's hear the rest.
I can handle that.
And Marvin Harrison has mentioned in this, it's a little fishy because Marvin Harrison
has been nothing but a model citizen.
Yeah.
This is something you're telling the law suit.
I'm hanging.
This brings me back to my original point that more you spread rumors and the more you spread
BS than people that don't have a brain will take it and run with it because they're not
smart enough to have the opinions of their own.
Yeah.
Check with David and Holly.
What do you say, David?
Hey, woman, how you doing?
I'm sorry?
You're stuck.
Yeah, well, guess what?
So do your sister.
Hmm.
Woo.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
That's one of the 90 percent that doesn't have a brain.
Train monkey.
Does it really don't have any brains?
First of all, you had a brain to be working at 2.10 in the afternoon.
5.670560, pound 560 on your cell phone.
Question of the day.
Yeah.
Question of the day.
Lot of fans in South Florida don't root for the local team.
Okay.
That's it.
That was worth coming back from that.
I don't know if that's what I call.
Oh, it's hard to watch.
Well, you know something, remember those calls we had in the first hour yesterday.
It was so sensational.
We had a whole bunch of them.
That must have been most fault.
That must have been the most trained panties.
That guy calls up with that same thing.
Oh, please, please.
If you're going to do a talk show, especially in this market and on this station, and every
time you're going to get a crank call, which we only get about 40,000 of it every day.
And I did not just get through saying yesterday, I don't care in the least bit.
Did I just say that yesterday before I knew all this madness was going to take place?
And that's the truth.
Who cares?
But you know, getting angry and oh my gosh, you're an idiot.
You're so your mama, your sister.
It's just to me, I just can't deal with it.
To be honest with you, I don't know why the man wants to do this.
I just, for the life of me, have no clue why he wants to do it.
But at any rate, that's up to him.
5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
In a scathing report, a presidential commission said today that America's fire agencies were
dead wrong in most of their judgments about Iraq's weapons and mass destruction before
the war, and that the US knows disturbingly little about the threats posed by many of the
nation's most dangerous adversaries.
The commission called for dramatic change to prevent future failures that outlined 74
recommendations and said President Bush could implement most of them without action
by Congress.
It urged Bush to give broader powers to John Agropani-Gott forbid, the new director of national
intelligence, the butcher of the Honduras, to deal with challenges of his authority from
the CIA, the defense department or other elements of nations 15s by agencies.
It called for sweeping changes at the FBI to combine the Bureau's counterterrorism and
counterintelligence resources into a new office.
The report implicitly absorbs the Bush administration, manipulating the intelligence
used for launch of 2003 Iraq war, putting the blame for bad intelligence directly on
the intelligence community.
As opposed to the Bush-Mistor himself, totally in conflict with what was said in Richard
Clark and many of the other books that we'll recall, right?
Right.
So it was the intelligence failure of the intelligence agencies, and certainly these people,
the peanut crowd and the Bush-Mistor and Rumsfeld, they weren't looking just for an excuse
to go into Iraq and make up all this crap about WMDs and ties to Al-Qaeda, we all know
better.
But anyway, there it is.
Sugar coated for you.
Voting glitches found in six recent elections, electronic voting machines tossed out hundreds
of ballots.
When hell does this ever stop?
Is it ever going to stop?
Can they ever have an honest election in Dave County?
No.
Electronic voting machines tossed out hundreds of ballots during this month's special
election on slot machines, and election workers have traced the same computer error to
five other municipal elections in the past 12 months, raising the red flag and alarming
the high number of so-called undervotes in the March 8 election, which only had one
end-of-mind ballot that was the slots of the permuteials.
In parallel, Dave Lachian supervisor Constance Kaplan has said that the incorrectly-tambulated
undervotes would not have affected the outcome in the elections, but County manager George
Burgess wants to review the outcome of five other elections.
It's disturbing, and that's an understatement Burgess told the Herald.
We have to take our responsibility seriously.
Every vote needs to be counted.
Adding to Kaplan's woes, she faces an independent audit of her department demanding from the
gambling industry to call a new election and talk that her job may be on the line.
That's why I've played that.
Let's vote again, thinking to begin with Charlotte.
Let's have another election, okay?
Because that had to be Burgess.
Burgess and a blunt member of the Mayor Carlos Alvarez and County Commission's wrote that
he found Kaplan's explanations to be inadequate and unacceptable.
How do you like that?
Unacceptable, just like most high-rate yesterday.
When you go, Moe, he said he expects better answers from Kaplan by Friday.
The problem came late after review showed a significantly higher proportion of undervotes
cast on the aye vote-tronic machines than an undervotes submitted on F-Senti ballots
Kaplan wrote in the memo.
So at any rate, the paramutual people to make a long story short, the people behind the
slot machine referendum, they want a re-vote in Deed County.
Let me say, let's go for it.
Why not not?
Let's vote every day for a couple of months until we get it right.
Let's see, George Steinbrunner, somebody says, you can add a bunch of names on the poll.
That was originally the idea until we got side-tracked and wasted this whole first hour with
that Moe nonsense.
I thought there was something really sensational there.
I thought it got into it.
It's a tough list.
Oh, in other words, it went on and on and on.
He keeps it rejected with something.
Oh, here we go.
Danny!
Again, just called people by their correct names.
Who in the hell do you think you are?
What George did was worth being disciplined about.
See, this is obviously inside or hidden.
Why should another employee, this is from Moe.
Why should another employee go in another host email?
Just admit that George was wrong.
I didn't.
Okay, George didn't go into it with somebody gave it to him.
It was all over the building.
There were copies everywhere.
It passed it around all over the building.
Okay?
In fact, somebody who thinks that certain people are their allies who just run around a
building, Robert, and the spread hate and the cram, this stuff like this just doesn't
get it.
Which, by the way, it was the shows, the emails, which anyone could get into anyone else's
show, the email that I had.
That was not a good business.
Even George is following your footsteps because he has your backing.
All you have to do is threaten the owners of the station and if they fire George, they
can fire you also.
They're afraid of you.
We're in the world.
Do you ever hear employees talk about their employers like you do and still keep their
job sign Moe?
I mean, Danny.
Oh, come on.
Maybe it's this.
I mean, I'm just like a marina just lighting up a couple of shades.
Will you please?
Maybe he needs the wig back on.
Okay?
Maybe the sun.
I understand we had a lot of really hot humid days already.
Maybe the sun is getting to him.
Maybe he could use that muskwet that we got in there on Luis Miguel's head in the studio.
Maybe you want to loan that to him.
I mean, so obviously inside, I mean, why not put your real name?
Why not call in?
Okay?
I'm like Joe Rose.
I'll take your call.
Call in and we'll discuss it.
Okay?
Because I know you're listening right now because that seems to be your hobby.
I thought they was a golfer.
I thought he played a lot of golf, but evidently in between all that golf stuff, he's busy.
I'm listening.
Yeah.
I'm top of it.
Constantly 24-7.
I don't understand that at all.
No.
I mean, believe me, at two o'clock when the potshots and I play some little drop in there
at the end like, you're fair.
That's it.
I'm out of here.
That's enough for me.
If you think you have termites in your home, you need to call riddit pest control today
for a free termite inspectant.
What I just say?
Inspectant.
That's right.
Ritted pest control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite
eggs 100% on contact.
I mean, they are gone as in right now if not sooner.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way to eliminate them.
And the best part of the deal is you don't have to tent your home.
Every see how some sure you have with it, tenting on it looks like a circus.
And believe me, it's no picnic.
But when you use these folks, you don't have to tent your home.
No worries about poison, it's gas, no moving out, no stays in hotels, no worrying about food
or pets in your health.
They treat your home into some amazing orange oil.
And you don't even have to leave.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left is the clean set of oranges
for a few days.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem, instead of going through that tenting and that whole circus
like routine, call riddit pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange
oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
No tenting, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspection toll free 1-800-447-4348.
That's 800-447-4348.
You're listening to me on Roger.
I'm an ambulance container.
I'm 560-50.
Thank you, A.M.
Please, quickly.
There is a back.
How you actually send me a bag?
Again, I'm your enemy.
Sorry.
Flip.
Only give you today.
You can do it.
I thought that was thinking.
Oh, I think maybe he's getting it.
Maybe he's getting it.
If you're going to get it, you can do it.
Maybe somebody pulled out his cube.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
You know what I got, things are changing for us.
We're not changing your things for us.
We're not changing your things for us.
We're not changing your things for us,
your things for us,
your things for us,
your things.
You better butcher up a little bit sweetheart. Here's a fast another another Oja
on provocative words just keep listening to the tape George a while later in
response to a phone call. Molo's back to talking about the stations of Neil
etc. Actually in Fursy would think about leaving. I'm gonna tell you something
okay maybe his back was really bad yesterday we all have bad days my throat
is scratchy there I'm not I'm sick or anything just scratchy but but the idea
that somebody would think of leaving because we took a pole that they didn't
like or they think that the pole was geared or manipulated in some way to make
them look bad if he would have gotten five thousand votes how could I have
stopped that I had no idea how it was gonna come out I mean of course man
this is the most popular guy we got on the F-no he's probably even more
popular than me he's beloved he's an institution so we knew he was gonna do
great but when I took the pole the previous day about Hank and Joe Rosen
so on suppose your rose would have come out and beaten Hank 3 to 1 or something
like that which I didn't think would happen but it could have happened we don't
know what's going on out there that's why we take the polls you idiot you
hardass and and probably on Friday tomorrow when the numbers come out all
we don't get the hour by hours we have no idea what we know but next week we'll
get the hour by hours I've been reading the numbers long before you ever came
to town mo you know it's just a thing I've done on the year ratings because
people are in the business listen to this show because a lot of people work
on stations where they don't tell them anything about the ratings everything's
in the dark until they get canned like Albee silk outcanned at power 96 this morning
we don't know what that's all about do we know that yeah Albee silk fired at
power 96 I just mentioned that see all of the stuff even that could be a
million miles away and it's still all filters back we get these little notes
under the door so when ratings come out tomorrow if or the hour by hours come
out and if certain people don't do all that great if I don't do all that great
do I stop reading the numbers on here no call being an adult it's called growing
up it's called taking responsibility for your own success or failures or
anything in between that's all always lashing out whether it's the producer
it's the board off it's the bad guest that somebody else's fault it was it was
the beast it was Caroline it was Ken Maldon who got only knows who else it could
be you know the dog done it and I would like to point out as far as calling
somebody by the right name O'Lyle says yeah I will reveal my true self but only if
you promise not to be mad and not seek recognition in any shape or form
because now I'm nervous Lyle yes it won't be today oh come on Lyle come out of the closet
yeah come on the closet wherever you are come out come out seek
retribution if you promise not to be mad and seek retribution first of all didn't I say
he know you're acting like no didn't I say that I love Lyle right that he's one of the best
factors we've had that I wish he would contribute every day even when he was
given me some good shots and by the way when we got those factors and he was ripping me
and ass did I get all that out of shape oh yeah good fun by the way what
retribution you're gonna hire a hitman possibly if it's Gary Sarner oh no I see and I know
it's not Gary Sarner because it's his you know he was said facts before said he enjoyed the show
that wouldn't be it that was a good tip on Gary's to visit running around a building telling
everybody that my TV set is pass a how dated you know my Samsung 46 HD um out dated no guess what
Gary you're outdated see there you go again ticket on to four people in a radio station you know
what to do when you work for people for a long time there some people are really you know they're
likable people they do their job they're they're easy to get along with and there's some people
who are just faking their way through life or just there because they got their head deep inside
the bosses back to somebody's you know somebody's orifice they spent a lot of time with their head
in the orifice you know and that's why certain people are in there Maddie but that's beside the
point I mean yeah this just it's just shocking to me just out of nowhere that how could anybody react
so hysterically and like I said whatever the arbitrage numbers are in the trends tomorrow I think
they're going to be awful and not because of more anybody else specifically but because management
keeps changing the format every five minutes and keeps jerking the audience around nobody has any
idea who else on the air like I we went through two months of one day it's a mode 2 to 4 and in
its mad dog then mad dogs back to the four and in his believing as he's staying nobody know what
hell was going on including us now can there be any argument about that I don't think so we all
survived through that but I don't need to hear any more of that crap I heard enough and I'll I'll
truck it up to his bad back okay the fact he was in an extra surly mood I'm sure the next week
when I'm in town here I'll be going to lunch together every day you know bonding probably have
go out golf a couple of times have dinner at Morton's take house you tricks as long as I pick up the
tab so anyway this give you thing I don't I don't read your faxes Jerry used to be Jerry and
then with somebody else for years and years and years another one inside the building brother well
I think the fact machine inside that building is just on it's smoking it is on fire I think we've
had about eight faxes so far and by my best estimate about five or six are from inside the building
hey hey Junior you know who cares screw on I've been making a lot of people there a lot of money
for a long time you know what and it's going to continue another three and three quarters years
of their bounce unless I croak first now let's see how that pole's coming maybe I'll go zooming
up the ladder maybe I can be a top Terry and I've never known other than politicians whose death
you most eagerly await now I realize that's that's a you know it's in port taste and who cares right
just for fun 432 votes so far we got Jerry fall well leading 180 Terry Shosh Shosh still
160 still eagerly awaiting as he's dead they're waiting they're just overwhelmed with the whole
concept you know they just want to make sure because they can't handle one more and guess what they're
doing on CNN I know best that's going to become a jump in here I'm interested in your thoughts of
course we have a lot of development coming in at one time so I'm going to give back to you in just a
moment I want to bring our viewers attention on any minute now expecting some videos hate in from
governor Jeb Bush up Florida oh I can't wait for FedEx other boy Jerry fall well is the leading
they can't wait and either can I 180 180 for you got my vote although I might change it Terry
Shosh I-107 the pro-66 this respectful my own 35 35 people out there say they can't wait for their own
demise Moe Howard David in 14 my mother-in-law 14 Don I'm a s9 my spouse 8 neo-roger's four and
storage time for an in-on this was a very very emotional there's your fat ass governor a couple of weeks
and I would hope that from this all of us can grow as people in terms of our appreciation for
the white issues right just get a living will and keep the governor and his brother out with
that's my suggestion you're listening to me you're watching exclusively on 560
tonight on cbs don't miss a very special csi doubling
some of the martin officer over some boy in the rest of the day here so focus her old willows
what you say we find the murderer I write after we finish these points
same average day everyone's Irish and on csi doubling everyone's a suspect okay
hurly we think it plays in the picture with your car and beat him at a shoot cap
pro-benefying of yourself we're still going to take you down to that vote for question and
csi doubling it's one happy hour of television
here's your fine job pitching those martyrs
mergers
love them 15 to Q and by the way since we're at cinfire whole show a sidetrack today with
his crap wasn't there somebody on in the morning directly preceding us once upon a time
who was on from six to nine when they moved me the nine to one that disastrous experiment
who was urging his audience not to listen to the show that follows him direct words I have
that on a cassette by the way somewhere oh do yeah remember those days I do I encourage all
of my audience not to listen to the show that follows me it was his direct quote okay now that's
teamwork man that's really hopper right in there and being part of the game without those five
people and that's right now cedar you go again yes because I've trained you man you're one of my
trained like you and you got my back and that's right great and if you didn't wait for it to just
let them fire you in the beginning when you try to get your ass fired which you denied and everybody
lied and like see I don't know what kind of deal he's got going there he must have the best lawyer
in the world his age it must be the best in the universe makes mine look like some kind of a
pansy well you know through fair right now I'm serious because the stuff that he has been able to
manipulate and pull in there and just and it's just kind of like slides off slides away and now hey
we've got to re up for another two years if it's going to be two years more like this I'm going
to tell you we're going to need a staff psychiatrist get one for up here too wow over a pool a
pool that he didn't come out looking all like read on and therefore it's my fault a crank call
comes in therefore it's my fault it's one of my trained monkeys who said go get them
and of course this is a guy who conspired behind everybody's back with some of the people who
hate my ass like poison like we could have used Dr. Jack Rvorkin right here in in Pinellas Park
that would have sold this promulong and look who's there again Rand Stady now and thank god for
the legacy of your daughter because yeah of your daughter the what no yeah and the legacy of your
daughter Jessie yes Reverend Jessie how about your daughter Jessie you know the little gentleman one
how about that daughter sweetheart grandstander phony line nine is but just frantic here wqa m hello
you'll see qa m see what I meant frantic excellent wqa m hello yes sir yeah I knew how you doing
okay um in part of mose rent yesterday did you hear him say that either he was
going to say anything because I wasn't here no no you know you just replied he said either he
was going to leave or he was going to kick your ass is what he said oh really I mean reply it
he's gonna kick my ass huh he's gonna kick my ass because I took a pool that he didn't like
exactly well screw him how do you like that yeah either he's gonna quitter he's gonna kick my
ass oh god what am I gonna do now I better not come back that's right should we hire a body guard
for you oh yeah I'm scared wqa m hello come on how you doing oh god wqa m hello I like everybody
okay um I know that could be one I think oh man oh man I like to add a lot he
out no seriously he ought to be on death row right now for outing Valerie Plain and nobody's
talking about that yeah he just makes it a book lesson right you two pally thanks Bob Novak you
got it we got it of course what are they gonna pull the pull the up that you already they mean
they've been canceling that show for three months already now get it off get it off of there man when
they had the like I said last week Ralph Nader on a couple of days I involved Novak boy two brilliant
broadcasters that was really something bumbling and fumbling and stumbling and fumping it was a great
wqa m hello hey man I don't know what it is but happy forum to you man thank you and back to you young
see there's the forum guy why everybody's got a thing you know it's the we had the thanks for
calling lady resting there's the happy forum guy okay so a little delay but it's never too late
to say happy forum no even for the goiam or to enjoy nice home attention right wqa m oh
that might have been mo wqa m hello no yes sir we need to make our act for again how are
man but besides that over again does that position assist the two sides they don't need to go all the way
to answer them okay okay oh that was a train lucky that made that guy calling I know it was one of
most pretty lucky is what we're gonna do about I'm gonna quitter I'm gonna come down to a ticket
his hair piece Josh ten maybe he needed like yeah maybe didn't have a good beam or something like
that you know maybe it was his back maybe that's why he's back with strain I don't know what you
know what he gets to be ancient like me and hankin him we start having our bad days good days and
bad days whenever his good days gonna start wqa m hello qa m hey you know that's a good point I
don't hear him because he's up way before I get up in the morning but I guess he wouldn't be
a complaining about it right that's all the other guys like Joseph Gackie and the guys who
you rip on a constant basis I mean he's got to just realize this guy's got to rely okay okay
have a right then yeah I mean I'm sure that some of these guys occasionally oh gee you know it's
just ripping me and ask but you know something it's a radio show I like the big oh he's a good guy
I have no problem with him Joseph Gackie I like a lot I worked with Joe for years and I OD in
on this station Joe it's fine I don't seem very often but every time I see him we shake hands how
you doing he knows that it's a radio show all the way you know I mean what I say but nevertheless
you know yeah I have never encountered such a cranky just man bombastic self indulgent
individual everything is like indignant and how dare you see me like this and I want to be called
by my real name I don't I sure don't want to be called by my real name and then of course there
were some people came in this morning I don't want to mention any names we're suggesting that maybe
that's not somebody's real name I I don't know and I really don't care but if somebody wants to
make a big fuss about being called by their real name maybe we don't know what it is catch my I
think that's his real name I don't I don't Josh yeah but I'm gonna say no
no actually I didn't say that he said he wants to be called Howard David Mr Howard David to you
proper name his proper name Mr Howard David he wants some respect yeah you're right about that man
you're right about one thing nothing has changed not even the little tiniest bit because just like
when you first blew it in the market ripping you know bills in for how dare he say that I blew
him out I didn't come looking for his job I how you know with that indignant hostile as opposed to
like him it was just a little bit of graciousness a little bit of like hey you know here I am
I'm here to get along to do a good job yeah right exactly it's always this hostility man it
never ever ends WQAM hello hello I'm gonna yell yes you got my vote yeah 100% you should thank
okay thanks WQAM hello I'm here yes I called yesterday full blow I thought it back
her because he's getting ready to do it that was the important I was supposed to try to find
on that I see because that's the one they've called it set him on oh I see I didn't know about that
but you know the interesting part of that whole thing I don't think I mentioned it on the
area yet about that CD we came out with his permission even though we didn't really use permission
because it was Bokeh Brian's material from the show but we did a CD to raise money for a band
in Patrice you and of course he's a dog lover just like I am and he agreed to it he thought it
was a good idea with the mole bits that was that was even the name of it mole bits and they were all
the Bokeh Brian bits about him and Kelly about the petition's characters and yeah that Bokeh Brian's
created after the two of them no problem now all of a sudden it's disrespectful and about me but
it will but I just I don't know like I said let's talk it up to a bad back being a little bit
cranky everything will be fine today my close personal friend Mohawar David it's absolutely
at two this afternoon mad dog I mean Jim Madditch had four hurricane hotline of seven Jim of what
it was his esteemed Gelsstein our goldstein oh we got to call people by their profit names it's
guilty at eight and eighty K-10 wow yeah I don't know if anybody else that's ever ever bitched me out
because I took a poll and they liked the way it came out isn't that a little bit on the bizarre
side well no not for him is what you're considering right look at that I already got 16 votes they
wish I would croak next and they're listening right now you're listening if I get to good
battle we got mole with 20 and I got 16 how many times you think he's gonna vote for me
but third man you are listening to Neil Rogers it's exclusively on five sixty four all
on from the producers of iron chef it's iron bus boy Hashimoto who's been busing tables at
Tokyo's Hokkaido restaurant for seven years today he takes on Joe smooth of the sip and bite
diner in Cleveland who will be the first to clear a dirty table and claim the title of iron
bus boy I am ready yeah bring it up let the battle begin and Hashimoto takes an early
as he risks the plates into his bus stop in one fluid motion oh yeah the America must
point never catch up to Hashimoto Joe smooth is yet to clear a single plate is the pressure getting
to him wait he's grabbed the table club and yes it looks like he's going to yank it right up the
table dishes and oh I win oh I cannot bear the stain on my bus boy honor I must commit ritual
suicide with the starry brother night whoa I'm not cleaning him up I'm on break iron bus boy only on
the kung-fu network you fairy 29 till noon a QAM I was gonna read how I'm gonna read it even
though she died already me and Terry Shabo died by the way you can rest assured that the coverage
will continue going on and on and on there's president voice commenting on president W all those
who honor Terry Shabo there you go see but I got a great column it's on our website that
veris reading because it's right I write on the money why I don't care about Terry Shabo by Joyce
Marcel yeah and I I wouldn't echo that she's a freelance journalist listen for mine but we'll
take a bunch of these good calls first w.k.y.m hello see that's pretty good q.a.m. hello
can barely hear you oh man brin never go to friends terrible yeah oh let me tell you man the only
thing that I'm gonna say about the I'm okay is that I'm reminded why I can use this all the way
man okay that's sorry call us back on a real phone okay I'm sorry about that sprint two way of
pay phone or something and get a real phone because that one ain't worth a crap w.k.y.m. hello
let me turn the radio off hold up please okay go right ahead thank you all the time you want
new you yes sir I gotta tell you the the constant controversy that the mo guy it does make
for some good radio okay I look if that's the way we want to play it I have no problem man I
it's far be it for me I thought we were all through with this crap but if that's what he wants
well fine I don't care well it could be that because I mean I personally I love the mad dog Joe
Rose I can listen to uh uh uh hang but I can't listen to mo I tried I even tried and guilty forget
it I'd rather split my wrist I can't believe that guy's on the radio I think at this point they
should put what's the dude who's on it in the morning early the go big oh big oh I think that
would be good for two to four he's you know taller oh no no wait a minute wait a minute a
nice and hour elever's replacing mo was what you're saying he's not going anywhere they just
resigned him for two more years your kid no I'm not kidding wow that management there there are
more rides that's unbelievable I've never seen anything how they can just screw up such a good thing yeah
I don't know if it's signed and sealed but that was in the newspaper it was uh you know but
that he didn't get any ratings I don't get it well he had how do we know he gets any ratings
they're not two to four then we have an ad book yet I mean he hasn't been on there for more than
five minutes them oh oh and oh there you go yeah we'll see my guess is they're making a big mistake
but what do I know well then I have to take part in that because when given the options that were
available I suggested uh at least I suggest I mean I was I voiced that opinion and they ought to
pick him as opposed to a couple of the others I mean if in a perfect world for me as a listener it
would be Curtis on here I'm really starting to like Curtis yeah well in a perfect world it would
have been mad dog two to six no doubt and then the baseball pregame at six or whatever they want to
put on in there that but he wouldn't do it you know they I guess they try to get him to do that but
he didn't want to do the four hours yeah I mean that would have been perfect because I can't
listen all in that dog anymore my schedule doesn't permit it which we really think no that's
Jim Manditz no mad dog no oh yeah yeah I call him people names yeah I'm sure I'm sure he will
take great offense it will be a high-if thing that probably come and beat this not audio
okay I'm great David thanks well there you go I just I just don't know what to say I'm at
a loss for words because I'm so shocked I could understand if it was over something significant if
I said that yeah I mean there's a zillion things you could say but over a pool we take a in fact
lately we've been taking two three pools on a short video because it's fun kind of snick it is
snick and one in there early in the morning you know that gets people out of our website it gets
them involved with a show it gets them involved with the station and it's the idea of getting people
involved with a radio station that's the idea as opposed to throwing a temper tantrum every time
we take one there there's a whole bunch of people on there that say wish I would die next do I
give a crap no did I expect it of course I don't care what do I care do you care oh I don't
think I'm gonna recover let's see how it's shaping up right now forget about the time
Moe Howard David in 28 near Roger 23 I'm right on Moe's ass how do you like that you old kud say
right maybe maybe we can give one the twin horror boxes you know yeah maybe they can
vary aside by each and he can just bitch at me for eternity for the rest of time oh why didn't
you say this and we'd still be alive and he didn't know yeah like that I mean what do I care
is that gonna change my life and I'm gonna croak sooner because somebody has got a hudu
doll out I couldn't care less and of course in South Florida see here's a guy that's been there
three years he still doesn't get it it's the nature of the beast no not that piece no it's the
nature of the beast in South Florida that's what it is and every time some jackass got I mean we're
overloaded with jackasses and I don't blame anybody else for it I don't blame anybody for it's
what's out there okay that's that's what is out there that's the reality of life and if I
didn't want to talk to those jackasses what I would do is I would have guests on every day that's
all I mean I'm not big on guests I think guests are terminal they're coma inducing to me I don't
want to hear them but that's yours how a hell of a lot better than just talking to a bunch of
mouth readers every day anyway Joyce Marcell writes why I don't care about Terry Shreveau in
Goulouse anticipation the whole world wakes up each morning and asks is she dead yet I think it's
disgusting on by the way the answer is I'm not a heartless person but I don't care about
Terry Shreveau I don't care about Scott Peterson either I regard Michael Jackson as a freak of
plastic surgery but then I regard Arnold Schwarzenegger that way too and he's the governor of California I
don't didn't care about OJ he did it he got away with it his kids will pay the price going back
some I didn't care about Pam smart either but I loved the way Nicole Kidman played her in the film have
I left anybody out how can I not care because I refuse to have my emotions manipulated by the
news media these are serious times and I guess I'm a serious person from the media I'd like to learn
more about America's debt load and whether it's good for China and Japan to own so much of our
country I'd like to know about our plans for competing with China and India for oil and other
natural resources come to think of it I'd like to see a detailed analysis of whether we're really
running low on oil will we run after in our lifetimes or are the doom prophecy scare tactics
allowing billionaires to make more billions on the backs of the rest of us I'd like to know the
implications of the dollar shrinkage against the euro politically just about everything my government
does worries me and then there's the war in Iraq with all of this to think about I'm a
Paul that America is spending what's left of its intellectual capital on one unfortunate woman
who's been brain dead for 15 years and if Terry Shabb was been anything other than brain dead
she would have long ago woken up and erasured her parents for allowing those humiliating videos
to be shown all over the world the job of the news media to provide information and allow us to
form educated opinions in this case it is seriously failed for example the root cause of all this
is bulimia and negative female body images why are we hearing more about that what was missy shabb's
relationship with her parents before she became ill what was michael shabb's relationship with them
isn't this really an in-laws from hell story did missy shabb's really say she didn't want to be
events to well how can we know why did michael shabb's so long to try to end his wife's life if
caring for her was too huge a burden and how could it have been anything else why wouldn't he
turn her guardianship over to her family without solid information were trapped in kind of a
moral political sinkhole it's like fiercely arguing about batting averages without having a
statistics book there's no point to it watching politicians posture and pose over the sanctity of
life infuriates me where did this suddenly pro-life George w. Bush come from this man who used the
death penalty to murder around 150 people including children and the mentally incompetent when he
was governor of texas and whose regard for american and iraqi lives is so miniscule that he
needs her cares about putting them in harm's way there pays attention to the thousands wounded
in debt as a result of his arrogant policies what right is he got to be pontificating here and if
his brother jib really feels so strongly about tary shabb's that he's willing to defy the court
since and his goons to kidnap her then let him install her in the master bedroom at the florida
governor's mansion and change her diapers himself in this case jesus hit the nail on the head when he
said judge not that he not be judged the truth is though that these bloating politicians don't
know any more about tary shabb's than the rest of us we're all being manipulated recent history
is full of images that have trump com taxed a shabb public opinion rights geney vilifati in the
new york times in nineteen ninety six for example endless pictures of young japan a ranzi dressed like
a hooker linden air perversity to the child's parents which focused on the public's suspicion
exclusively on them however lie detector test later exonerated them from the birth of photography
social critics appeared the camera subjectivity and the poor can't reduce the pictures to manipulate
the emotions of the masses vilifati said any edams picture of the edcom captive at the moment of
as execution by a pistol wielding Vietnamese official became a symbol of the anti-war movement
the photo one appeal of surprise the mr. adam's later disavowed it in part because
the executioner claimed the man he killed had murdered the family of one of his aides hours
earlier news isn't about news of information anymore it's only about conveying emotion
terry chavo spade is a tragic private family matter and in her cases in so many others we should
be refused without our emotions to be manipulated but we are terry passing he tells me the entire scene
there you go fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap fap she's dead already and
she's still harking a china okay like that oh they'll be out of her wild sure oh sure they got
a look at for for all they can in fact maybe they'll even show us what's left of that you
you were listening to meal roger it's a coincidence
that was a good idea bobby with a surfboard sure you have a lot of barbie smile and you ain't
I've seen nothing yet, Gryffind.
You see that one over there?
That's Bobby's friend and a ninja.
You don't have any Ken.
Ken?
Why are you gay?
That would be gay.
I see here.
I didn't invite you to see my Bobby's other
that kindness might have been.
I didn't do Dr. Mo.
Oh, no, no, no, what an egg.
I didn't do Dr. Mo.
You were needed to revive Terry Shiveau.
Room 13.
All right, all right, keep the check of pants.
Oh, no.
It's all a semit about him.
She's flat-lining again.
Step aside, you morons.
I'm performing an act I got over here.
All right, you get up.
And I said get up.
That's no use.
I think broccoli's smarter than this, bro.
You get out.
She's alive.
I'm alive.
Most of you.
Most of you.
Most of you.
Most of you.
You created a body for it.
I'll handle this.
I'll see here.
As your creator, I command you to me.
To the right.
To the right.
To the right.
It's a Lombardy Five.
I'm getting like choked up.
You know what?
Maybe it's all this hysteria today.
Or maybe it's the sausage sandwich
that I'm looking at this menu,
sent me from Princeton, France.
Yeah, it's tough to choose, but I want some
brought words to.
Yeah, I just can't decide between a sandwich.
Why can't they just bring a whole bunch of
brought words with it?
There'd be something wrong with that?
No, I just don't.
And and maybe some Hungarian doulash.
Okay, they haven't.
Because they have that on third day.
I'm here to watch.
Yeah, I see.
I know, but I'm saying if they have it on Thursday,
well, maybe they'll cook it up special.
You know, the chef cooks special.
The girls are in front of what day of the week you want this.
I don't care.
Well, I'm definitely not, I don't know.
I will discuss it tomorrow before the show.
I don't want to go and I whole thing on a year about eating
like son, you know, pull the, pull the straight by money
troubles at home, officer, Robert C. Winston,
I miss you, didn't wrong.
The 14 year all I know because it was because one day
got a dentist appointment one day, you know, I'm doing all my
doctrine while I'm there.
And I certainly don't want to go to the dentist unless
of course I bring along my own shoe or toothpaste and
brush my teeth before I go.
I mean, can you imagine a Hungarian doulash and then go
to the dentist or worse like what coffee, toffee crunch?
No, no more.
I had that big.
And that's what sent me to 196 that was the end.
That's what got me really sick.
So those of you who are waiting for me to croak, guess what?
You got a shot.
You got to realize you need six.
In fact, let's see how that's coming.
Other than politicians whose death and you mo eager most
eagerly awaited.
And this of course, Paul was taking before Terry died.
She died.
Terry fall while 231.
Terry shybo 113.
They're still voting for and she's dead already.
The Pope 83, my own 41.
41 people out there.
Well, it's South Florida.
I don't blame him.
Mohawar David of 32.
Neil Rogers 29.
We're in a neck and neck mode.
Totally totally.
Right on each other's ass.
My mother in law 18, Donna.
I'm a 13.
My spouse ate Robert Novak five.
And George Steinberg didn't have any.
I don't even know why he'd be on there.
Well, I guess somebody hates him, which I understand that.
But do we want everybody to croak that we hate?
I see something.
I forgot it's.
Yeah, I forgot South Florida where everybody hates everybody else.
And we can easily understand because I've met a lot of those people
that you hate.
5670560, town 560 on it.
I'm sure that there are other people that belong on here on this list.
Don't you think?
Oh, sure.
Well, if I take some calls, maybe we can find out who they are.
Somebody Q.I.N.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got a question regarding the Terry Shivoh thing.
We had a president with everybody.
He was all standing up because he survived conviction.
He was a man of principle who took a wrong idea, ran with it.
He stayed with it.
And then you got Michael Shivoh, who did the same thing.
And there, you know, clasping his presence on him and called
more kind of file names and whatnot.
Yeah, but when you say they,
but yeah, still have the same people who write a bush crawl.
But the fact that it matters is that 85% of them are 82%
the public are on Michael Shivoh side and have been right along.
And the more they find them, the more they are.
It just has that little conservative, that little niche,
how it wants to be able to spin everything and paint everything
in their own way.
But don't forget, even when they took these polls last week
among the evangelicals and the conservatives,
those are goody-touchy Bible.
Even majority of them were against what the government was doing.
You know, the by time some of the Christy's
wake up from the father carving.
Hey, man.
Hey, thanks a lot.
I'll pray for you.
Thank you.
567056.
Yeah, let's go to the Wailing Wall and we owe a little bit.
What do you say?
I'm so happy.
We heard the Wailing Wall.
Yeah, let's go Wailing.
Go to the QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You love the cock.
5670.
That's your buddy again.
That's one of your people, man.
Put him back on a rubber wrap.
Put him on energy.
You know, way it's one of your well.
Hey, so what's the difference?
Huh?
Yeah.
You fairy.
Like I said, 567056.
That must have been one of most people.
That's there you go.
That's right.
That's great.
Merchys are coming.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
Where did all the crank calls come from in the 26 years before he was on
here in the market?
I mean, to say that would be so asinine like his arrival on the scene.
All of a sudden invented this and made the market what it is.
I listen, nobody would want to take credit for that.
You know, that would be like, you know, the old Cuban saying,
oh, we made Miami what it is today.
And everybody's saying, oh, yeah.
Sure.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Where they can't have an honest election to save their lives.
Q-I-M. Hello.
Yeah.
I'd like to be on here with the new you're on here right now.
Sir, just like magic.
That's how it's any how you don't know.
Pretty well.
I just say you don't have to talk bad about say anything bad about
Mo.
Our day with.
I'm listening down here for years and.
You know, I was in trouble like 15 or so.
And I got to turn my right off every time he was doing a dolphins game.
And you know, I had to turn a lot of listen to him.
But you know, always people call in and once you dead know.
At the bunch of crap.
That's why I got to put my vote on here for Howard.
If they're going to do the same thing then, you know, what the hell?
I mean, you know, listen to him a couple of months ago.
He's got a got issue on steroids and he said their.
It's trying to bring something to the point of smoking a J.
And he's like trying to bring the same thing with you to steroids.
You know, if a player goes and he thinks a couple of years.
Yeah, I tell you how a lot of similar to every.
Yeah, exactly so he, you know, when you go down the street, you know,
when you park your car before you go on the stadium, you smoke a joint.
You're not going to hit 70 home runs.
And you know, I can come up here.
The same thing steroids are completely different.
He wants to bring in the same light.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Speaking of start your car, man, when I'm in town next week,
I'm going to be very careful when I start my car.
Have a great day, Pallie.
All right.
Thank you.
See you.
Right.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
I will get you one of those mirrors on a stick.
Yeah.
It's a good thing I have that keyless entry, you know, right?
But you still got to get in there and press that button.
Maybe I'll have you do it.
Oh, I got to remote car started.
We can have what installed for you.
No.
I'd be real careful.
I'm going to start my car.
I'll be able to maybe I'll walk home.
Yeah, maybe.
So I have to like me.
I mean, he's in a good buddy of mine.
And now that's an interesting conversation.
We ought to have some day this business about well, you know,
I and of course they come from inside the station.
That's the best part.
It's so obvious.
This station and just the wording of it very clever people.
And of course, I like I said I couldn't care less because the people
they hate me like poison.
I know who they are.
But but there's some people like in the gray zone, you know,
like the whole sales department hates you like poison.
I don't believe that.
I don't think Adam hates me.
Yeah.
Price draft for Joe.
I love George was a good guy.
We get long grade.
Yeah.
Even little Todd Dreck.
Now he hates me.
He hates it.
Oh, yeah.
And yeah, but yeah, but at least a little bit.
You get some coffee for Todd Todd.
Right.
A couple of good accounts here this week.
Coffee is for closures.
Okay.
Some of the people in there who always are talking a good game.
I don't want you to.
But no coffee for Gary Sarner because coffee is for closures.
You fair.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He hates me.
Gary Sarner.
Maddie Bill hates me.
John Gerrace likes me.
Yes, he is a good guy.
Yes, he is.
Cape Curry likes me.
We love kids.
Every movie playing a lot of vulgar stuff on power 96.
He's giving his audience what they want.
Duff used to like me, but now of course he's done.
Like you're not here.
Okay.
And did you notice this morning?
I'm like yesterday, unlike yesterday when we had both
Muff and Clarence come in to try to like rekindle the romance.
You know what?
What was just fine?
You know, I don't know who would grudge much, but this morning there was no
appearance by either one of them.
You don't think that perhaps he's clear.
So the door was closed every time I walked by.
So I don't know if he's here.
Maybe he's not there today.
Well, maybe that's why he needed that thing yesterday.
Maybe he went off to do some kind of a sport nerd thing.
You think I don't think so.
I don't think we have any more UM baseball or any basketball.
Do we have anything going on?
I don't see it over the weekend.
Or you might as well explain the BD Curtain girl since we're getting people asking
other facts asking what who it is.
And I don't think we don't know.
We don't know.
We don't care.
I'm sure a lot of guys would like to find out.
That's a new deal.
We got on the BD Curtain.
It's Bimbo number one.
I'm just going to call him Bimbo number or do you know those trace?
Bidicus.
Bidicus.
Because you know, we ran out of really great pictures of famous celebrity broad.
So we got a really great picture.
We got Zidians of pictures of really hot looking babes who are just an
anonymous and you know, and let me ask you this.
Would you ask her name if you find around a beach like that?
I don't think so.
I call her ma'am.
Yes.
Nobody would care what the name was.
So that's the deal on the BD Curtain.
We also have that boon in the box.
It's called a package within the packages.
What it is, even if that X is impressed.
The highly religious Pat Boon and his younger sillier days in his college days,
showing his goods to the world.
WQAM.
Hello.
Ray Dayar.
WQAM.
Hello.
Good one.
That was Mogen.
You heard it.
I could tell by the click.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Oh, 560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 out of Verizon and Singular wireless line.
This must be a moplot.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Or maybe it's a family plot.
The beeswaves.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling about the bit you play.
Sounds like you had a big play with that Reverend John.
Yeah.
Now, you're just going to get him on a pool.
Who's death you most eagerly await?
Reverend Jones.
And you know, who else you can put on there?
Prozac Ron.
Not necessarily in that odor, OK?
In fact, yesterday, I already forgot about with all this stuff you've got that's just
bending my brain.
Yesterday, it was reunion week on a show.
I don't know where.
Out of the blue.
That's right.
Could you believe that?
The only one who was really conspicuous by his absence yesterday, well, most conspicuous
was the guy with a fanny bag.
Your buddy.
Oh, yeah.
Let's call it your hymn.
That creep.
WQAM.
Hello.
Nelson.
Yes, sir.
You got a real caller.
Good.
Just like we begin saying, you know, Reverend Peter Terry.
Tommy, Mr. Rogers, man.
Mr. Rogers, man.
I'm a Rogers.
I'm Mr. Rogers, neighborhood.
Yes.
And you know, God help her.
It was overdue and overhyped.
Yeah.
The doctors should have been living.
And besides that, congratulations, what seems to be on a great day for your woodbind.
What's your strategy?
You mean yesterday?
Yeah.
My strategy is called blind luck.
Blind luck?
No, Ashley, I went in there and there were a couple of machines open and there one
of the women was playing there and she said to the machine on the left there, which is
my favorite $1 machine.
Yeah.
Has been hot all day.
Because I ask, you know, we have a lot of regulars.
And I'll say, well, is this one paid anything?
How's it?
Because I like the hot machine.
I think they keep paying all day long.
And they do.
And so that machine paid me a thousand and it paid me a 500 and it paid me 600.
And I walked away winning a grand and had a good day and smiled on the way up.
How much greater can't seem to get any luck though at the hard rock?
I thought you were talking about slot machines.
Well, I guess that's what they've got a woodbind that you don't have any of.
Real slot machines.
Not those engine killers.
Good luck to you, pal.
All right, all you do.
Sounds like you need it.
That's my strategy.
There is no strategy.
I mean, you're going to lose your ass.
One of my very nice lady friends who plays there, a lot of heavy said, but very sweet lady.
She, um, she won 10 grand on some machine yesterday.
Josh.
Fantastic.
Because she couldn't get out one of the real fortune ones that were all filled up and I went
over there and take a leak and I walked by and there she was and said, hey, how you
know?
She said, oh, I just hit 10 grand and at the flaming glazing sevens or whatever that
is.
I don't like those flaming sevens, you know.
I mean, because if you're playing flaming slots, they look at you and go like that.
Although if you went 10 grand, who cares, right?
Right.
Even Joshua wouldn't hear what they said if he went 10 grand, whatever it takes.
You'll see, you'll see once they get the slots and I disagree with Hank.
I think they will get him at the Gulf Stream and pop it.
Oh, and being a high line, where else am I leaving out?
I'll, I'll get a dog track.
They'll get him.
And you'll take Josh over there.
You and the crew.
Yeah, we're going to lie crew.
No.
Go to the floor.
Go to the floor and then Robert.
Huh?
I beg your pardon?
We'll have a party.
We'll take a bite.
No, when you say you wouldn't go to a horse tracks, you don't understand.
Like it would bind.
Sure there would.
Like if you go with night, there's harness racing going on outside or in the, in the season,
there's throw bread racing.
But you don't have to even look at it.
You don't go anywhere near that because the casino was separate.
It's a whole separate enclosed casino with its own restaurant and a whole deal, see?
Oh, and another thing, another thing, you're a governor doesn't want your fat ass governor.
Not only no ATMs, but no drinks.
No free drinks for the patrons.
No soda is no, no nothing man.
The only reason I go to there.
Why don't you make it really appetizing to go there?
If I want to just declare my bank rub before they start you fat ass.
Go.
We're listening to Neil Roger F.
Coincidentally on the five-six.
We're all fine.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
A.P.
Ham Lincoln.
He held our nation together.
He freed the slaves.
He may have liked dudes.
Now the Franklin Mint in cooperation with the San Francisco Federal Reserve is issuing
a limited edition commemorative Lincoln $3 bill.
The front of the bill features the stomach face of our most liberated president in his
stretching stope by Pat.
On the reverse side, a totally redecorated Lincoln memorial with lovely window treatments
and more closet space.
Each of these notes is printed in green ink with use of red, white and blue and a wonderful
fusion.
Order now and receive a special edition dollar coin featuring the image of Eleanor Roosevelt
and a rainbow-coded question mark.
The Lincoln $3 bill and Eleanor Roosevelt rainbow coin are available for a limited time.
So act now before these coveted collector's items return to our vaults never to come out
again.
You're awesome then.
There's a picture on the Fudge Report.
Miss Fudge finally got around to figure out that Terry died.
You really ought to take a look at that picture.
She was pretty awesome.
I've seen with all the coverage that we've been having they showed.
She was pretty pretty.
Right.
She was.
Yeah.
Not no more.
No.
But at any rate.
Or here's some breaking news, baby.
Ted Kaplus, an anchor at ABC's news nightline since the inception quarter century ago, said
today he is leaving the network when his contract expires at the end of this year.
He's taking his hair cut with him.
He's taking his piece with him.
That's how he duty haircut with him and Buffalo Bob's body too.
Now Buffalo Bob hold all the strings on that show.
That was a horrible show.
I hate it Ted Kaplus.
Can't stand it.
Anyway, Jay says Mo has evolved into the personification of all the ills that sound
floater presents on a daily basis.
His personality on the radio is his vibrant and ear catching his nails on a chalkboard.
Or you must have been confused with his former partner there.
It's ironic that he tries to present this tough guy from the streets for his mother's
actual appearance as closer to Mr. Burns than Mr. T.
Oh no.
Regardless of his wishes, Mo needs a humor-feeding cue.
Possibly inserted.
Yeah, and if we could just get him to lighten up a little bit, every time you think
he got him turned around so to speak, he just starts getting really sour again.
It's the old as they say, Fritz and Franz, the old sour-broughton.
It says, just calm down, Mo.
I think you're lucky to pay that you're leading as a legendary show with huge ratings.
You jackass you.
Look at the big picture.
Sincerely Jay.
A PS, your name is Mo.
Got it Mo.
I don't.
I'm just lost to understand it.
How many times have I said that I tried to find in him because every now and then there's
like a glimmer of humor or something, I don't know whether it's a Jewish thing, I don't
know what it is.
And I'm maybe one of the only people in the whole building that tries to find, and you
always like laughing at me when I say that because you're right there.
No.
I try to be nice to him as much as possible.
No, I'm not talking about being nice.
I'm talking about I find part of him that's kind of like, you know, I agree.
Likeable, you know?
Right.
But it's it, but then he just turns like a like a cornered rat in heat like the world
is just like I've just dumped a load of elephant excrement on him or something.
You know, it was a pole model.
Okay.
Jesus.
God almighty.
Anyway, Frank says, I know your audience knows about the Bill that G that W is signed in
Texas, allowing life support to be pulled in hopeless cases.
Contrary to his born again belief in the Terry Shival case, what your audience might not
have heard is that the Bill gave authority to the doctor to determine whether it was hopeless
or not.
And the case that was the reason for the Bill involved a six year old boy.
Apparently, the six year old was terminated according to the doctor, but the parents wanted
to keep him on life support a lot more similar to the Terry Shival case than even the time
to lay dead case.
Final result, the doctor determined to kid to be terminal and pulled the tube.
The kid died.
P.S.
Is it too late to request Terry Shival and to be the curtain?
I don't think we're going to find any of those pictures, but if we should, wow, it would
just be anonymous.
Right.
Would that be in bad taste?
I don't see why.
Yeah, it would be in that case, but let it lust.
But like I said, in fact, that's all the reason why I put it on there.
It's in bad taste.
It's on our beaded curtain.
You have to swear you have to play your reasons under God, all of a sudden, that you're
over the age of 40 and have several adults watching and, you know, we still got you on
a escroft up there looking as you can up and else to do these days.
Maybe someday we'll put right there with them, not in place, but alongside them, Alberto
Gonzalez, Jose Emanus.
What do you say?
It is pocket.
And Ilyana Rosanna Dan also.
Well, this thing is going on and on and on.
And on free range to have an autopsy performed this.
Oh, my God.
I mean, granted, nobody's forcing me to watch this, but during the show in case anything
meaningful happens, you know.
The media is sick and they've stopped at it.
I tried to like be on top of it for you, you know.
But it just is so freaking ponderous.
W.A.K.Y.
Am, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you sure you want to turn Paul Maraud?
I'm not sure you want to turn around with all those experiences lately, yeah.
I'm going to do it.
Everywhere I can.
Oh, he was going to say something else to my brother.
Was it anyway?
Have a nice day.
W.A.K.Y.M.
Hello.
Yes, I speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Yes.
Actually, I was just calling to talk about that mo- Howard thing.
About that mo- Howard thing, yes?
Well, Howard's thing.
No, he said he, he cracked me up.
He said he's from the street and he was going to kick your butt.
So that was, that was pretty funny.
How was he to stop and think about this?
OK, he's from the streets and he's going to kick my butt because I took a pull and he
didn't like the result.
That's beautiful.
Talk about a cross-edity.
I mean, there's no words to describe it.
That he could take a call, said that the reason why his back was hurt because he was
raped.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I don't know.
I heard that.
Anyway, have a good day now.
And back to him.
Like I said, we don't want to turn him around.
Right, don't.
We'll chant him.
We'll chant really my piano's way back.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Tom 5, 60 on the horizon in singular wireless line.
Moe Howard, David and two of the staff know I can't wait to miss that.
You'll be listening now.
You'll be there or be squared.
Where is he?
Now, let's see there you go.
Where?
Now, let's see.
Did we leave anybody out?
I thought that was kind of interesting.
That's the, again, the audience doesn't know most of these people, but nevertheless.
Let's see.
And now there's Ken Walden, a front Ken and I are a buddy buddy.
We love each other like crazy, like brothers.
There's, yeah, and correct me if I'm wrong on any of these, OK?
OK.
Because I know you talk behind my back all the time.
So all the time, right?
Tommy, Tommy is great.
We go along fantastic, right?
Robert hates me like poison.
Yeah, but he hates everybody.
Yeah.
These, these tonight are pretty tight.
We get along OK.
It's by the fact I'm transmitting.
And what we get along, he backs that to everybody, not just us, but everybody.
Right.
He gets along with everybody and backs that to everybody.
Right.
I understand that.
But nevertheless, he doesn't dislike me.
Right.
I get along great.
Right.
Josh Cordesk likes me a lot when those checks come.
Yeah.
And when the free food comes, he likes me like a brother.
Like a mother.
Right.
Now let's see who my, let's get the water.
And I see, of course, hates me like poison.
I mean, there is no water.
Not see that.
I miss with my Lord.
Yeah.
And of course, the feeling is incredibly intense and neutral.
Gary Sarner hates me.
Let's go.
Now, what about the other salespeople?
I don't even know the other salespeople.
Right.
We're probably hate me because I didn't crash in her.
Because she got what?
She does not.
Yes, she does.
OK.
Well, you said she does not.
Well, I mean, you got your thumb right on the pulse of what's going on.
I'm a million miles away.
So what do I know?
Right.
Who might have even out there's been there one?
Now, fat boy, I really didn't know what to say.
I like to see what he wants you to like him.
Oh, well, wait a minute.
I never said I dislike him.
Personally, I do like him.
And I told you this, sure.
But professionally, I mean, see, he's taken it personally.
And this is business, you know?
Actually, he's one of the, you can do it a number of back there.
Yeah, he's fun.
In a, in a, in a, in a,
an annoying way.
What was that?
I was a, I was out of the parent.
Was that the number he was doing?
I thought the number he was doing was at Treasure Island.
But nevertheless, I guess I'll have to play that.
Now, he likes the, he, you know, he's, we got issues.
Who else?
Greg, of course, hates all of us.
Anybody connected with this show like Poison, like that?
Clarence, Clarence, once upon a time, Clarence and I were very, very tight.
Almost like twin brothers, like joined it to him.
He likes him.
He wants, he likes me and he wants me to like, and I do like him personal.
I mean, the idea of him is the program director.
He's like, that would be like, Tubby Boots is the president.
It's just, it's just kind of, I don't know.
It just doesn't make sense to me, but he's okay.
I don't dislike him.
I dislike the act sometimes with him and death.
That act that they pull off that we can be unmentionedable act.
No, not, not that on me.
Right.
Don't, not that.
I don't know.
Now, let's see, who might leave it out there?
Sorry, people in that building.
Come on, let's, we're going to give the run down.
I tried to.
Who could, who could, who could, who could these faxes be coming from?
Well, the new sales manager, Stiffy, obviously, he hates me like Poison.
Yeah, that's all your fault.
You know, something that's too bad.
You know, if you want to act like it coward and run away and this because we talk about
you, that's the way the show works, okay, Stiffy?
You don't have any exemption.
I'll say one thing for a square, and she took the craft for me for seven years and she
kept coming back for more, man.
That's what Roar said, right?
Right, well, yeah, she's done.
No, she was first-sister and she, she, you know, and when I come there, she put on an
act and, oh, Nino, so happy to see you.
Well, it's, of course, you know, the ventan was just flowing through there.
You could, it was almost, you could almost cut it with a butter knife, but never less
yet, at least, made an effort.
And when I give a problem with her, with the salespeople, she'd hop right on it, man.
And the problem, too.
Now, who else am I leaving out?
If we knew it.
And we're in.
And we're in.
Well, all right.
Now, I see you're wrong about that.
Fix it like me.
Oh, that's a sure.
Really?
He's turned on me now.
I don't know who he likes.
Quite frankly.
Get out of here.
Fix it.
And I go way back long before I ever saw your little ugly face.
So fix it and I were tight as a drum.
Get out of here.
All right.
He probably took it personally.
He was an agro falls with his wife that time and wanted to come up here and mess up my
equipment.
I said, no, thanks.
Remember that?
Yeah.
That wasn't personal.
Well, the part of it was personal because I didn't want to waste a whole day trying
to give him directions to find this place and sit around a waste of day on my left
friend and entertain him while he was in here screwing up my equipment.
That all works fantastic.
Thank you.
But personally, we get along fine.
Bob removed the chorus corporate.
That's corporate hates me like poison.
What's your name?
Joyce hates me like arsenic and release without the release.
But that's fine.
I don't care about those people.
They're not even in a building.
I must be leaving somebody out.
Well, of course, up front your buddy.
And of course, he does hate me either.
No.
Somebody that I wish would hate me.
Carlos, spooky Carlos, he actually likes me a lot.
And of course, that's a gay thing.
You know, he does.
You don't believe that?
No, I don't.
He likes me.
No, I don't like me.
Yes.
Not everybody.
Yeah, she's just a sweetheart.
She's one of the nicest people in the world.
Yeah, I love her.
Who else?
Who might I leave it out?
I've got to be somebody.
You're probably thinking of the girl like Jen.
Jen?
Yeah.
She likes you a lot.
Well, there you go.
And I like her.
So what's not to like?
Counting?
I don't know the people in the county right now.
Currently, I have any idea who they are.
They probably hate me because of the fact that they wind up getting a lot of crap.
When the checks keep showing up late, which they do very often.
And it's just, you know, it's a constant battle of good paid by these gay robbers.
But, you know, seeing all of this business about the way I talk about management.
Look, if they reacted like responsible people, if they pay people on time, if they honored
the contracts, if they didn't lie to you like crazy, if they didn't enter into a legal
contract that overlaps with your show, if they up, in other words, if they treated you like a
munch, if they even understood what that meant, then it would be.
It could be, it could be so pleasant.
It could be unbelievable.
It would be, it would be just like heaven, like somebody I know would say.
It could be like paradise.
But it's not.
Look at the way they strung poor Joe Rose along.
And man, here's a guy that came back even after they trashed him when he was doing the worst
team and told him he was retiring from that show to go to work full-time for Channel 6.
And they fired him, but said stick around until we can find, just figure out something else to do.
You're fired.
But just my rear end.
Yeah.
And he comes back.
Most people wouldn't come back after being treated like, and they treat him like crap again.
And we're going to have meetings and we're going to discuss your contract.
In the meantime, they're like doing a fast end-around with that Howard Stern crappy on his back.
And oh, guess what?
You're done.
See ya.
And take them across the street.
I just love to be a fly in the wall when he and the Zach conversations about QAM.
Boy, wouldn't he think I toy?
Oh, brother.
And I think in a Zach, how do you like, talk about the way you operate a business?
How do you like the day that Zach came in?
I'm sitting here and he's down here with you and is going to tell me the real story about why he was now with Moe anymore.
Remember that?
And Clarence, our program director, Clarence Josh Dero is coaching him, putting the words in his mouth, what he should say.
Smack in him when he says the wrong thing.
Yeah, given a smack in a big fat head of him.
Yeah, all I can say is watch your back, Zach.
That's right, he got up.
How's he going, Zach?
1214 at 560 WQM.
If you want to buy a mattress in a department store or a bedding showroom, go right ahead.
You're going to get ripped off.
You're going to get probably some off-brand goods.
If you want the best deal, just make that easy phone call.
1-800 mattress, the number for dial amacris.
You'll discover they've got the most liberal exchange policy, so what's not to like?
Did you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else going in the universe?
So once you try it out here on TL, bet your fat boy's life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom again.
You'll get no nonsense with dial amacris, no run-around, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices.
Under best brands, you know interest and love.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling the company right number one,
numero uno and customer satisfaction.
And they carry the top brands in the world, Cili, shirt, a sin and king,
corral, tempered, sterrens and foster hewitt.
And now dial amacris offers no payments or interest until 2006.
I use them more uses them and you know how picky he is.
George Miguel fat boy, a lot of other QMers have been using them for years.
So the smart way to buy amacris is not waste your time and gas and money in the bedding and department stores,
but just sit on your fat ass right now make one easy call 1-800 mattress or log on to their website,
macthrus.com for the best sleep you've ever had.
1-800-MATTRES, that's the smart way to go.
You're not supposed to be the little Rogers.
You're supposed to be the little Rogers.
On 5-50, you're supposed to be the same thing.
She's not too bad.
Sianna's okay when you get in bed with her.
The minute you find she's cold when you're hot, then you can start to dump her for someone better.
When your relationship whizzes in, hate you again.
Do not force someone who's slightly older.
People might have been voted you in, the sickest man can go hunting.
You might find someone with bigger, bolder.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm dying over here!
We got a good battle going on, me and Moe. My mother-in-law, 22, Don I'm as 15, Bob Novak 9, my spouse 9, Prozac Ron 3, George Steinbrunner 3, and Reverend Jones, the anxious Reverend Jones, has got a peer. So his boyfriend tells us, 5670560, pound 56,000, even Ryzen and Singular Wireless Lines. W-D-Q-A-M, hello? I'll wait. And wait. Q-A-M, we hear your breathing, we hear your knocking.
Oh, another one of them, that phone, probably sprint. 5670560, pound 56,000, even Ryzen and Singular Wireless Lines. I'm sure there's got to be a lot of more names on this pool. How about putting George on there, Josh, what do you say? I think you'll do well. I will do well. You won't give me any run for the money, but you'll do well. You're just not old enough to give me one. No chance. I'll be Terry Shava. W-D-Q-A-M, hello? I don't want to get into a survey. W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
Yes, I'm going to do well. Yes, sir. I got one for your pool. I would have to say Reverend Farwell. Jerry Farwell? Who? Reverend Jerry Farwell. Oh, you mean the guy that's leading our pool with 255 votes? Okay, thank you so much. Let's put him on there. Didn't I just get you reading a list and just only moments ago, just milliseconds ago. Maybe I'm dreaming now, maybe it's my Alzheimer's kick in. Maybe I'm near the end, you know, like that W-D-Q-A-M, hello? Hello, man.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello? Hey, how you doing today, Mr. Rogers? Okay, sir. I would like to add one to the pool. I'd like to put what's your name, my ex on there? Your ex, your ex-bowls. It's okay, fine. That's good. Ex-bowls. We got current spows. We got nyan. And what about ex-bowls? Sounds good. Get a lot of votes, eh? W-D-Q-A-M, hello? Q-A-M? Hey, can we get here? Yes, sir. I've got to tell you. I've been telling about 10 years. You along the other side.
I've got to tell you, M-O-I-L-I-N, listen to me. Listen to me, I'm listening to you. I'm listening to M-O-I-L-I-N. That's a new song. Yeah, really? Let me ask you this, and all fairness. Not that I don't want to be fair at this point after he gets explosive. What is it that makes him unlistable? I mean, be a little more pacific. I don't know what the heck it is. I like a lot of sports nerds. I like Hank and other guys. I went to 790D.
I mean, there's something about the M-O-I-S that just just rugged me the wrong way, you know? I can't put my finger on it. Can't put your finger on it, okay?
But you know what? It's a false comment. I'm not trying to suck up at all, but I like almost everybody on there except for the M-O-I-N. Can't stand the guy. Hate him like poison. Well, nobody's perfect. Okay, have a great day, Palli. Thanks for the M-M-E-R-E.
Florida lawmakers honor Terry Shriver with a moment of silence. And it goes on in the grandstanding and the parading and the hysteria and the phony baloney. You know, all this all concerned. Yeah.
I just can't stand it, man. It's just like that whole thing with the steroids. That whole dog and pony show in LA. Not just her, but I mean, she stood out because she's from our area, you know?
That crap about this one's from Cuba and that one ever stole a freight train and and who and Raffi wouldn't go back to Cuba to play against cash girl because he don't want to dignified cash.
And she makes a five minute speech about Cuba that's got nothing to do with steroids. Nothing to do about anything except she's a professional Cuban and an idiotic bitch. That's her story.
Here we are. We apologize, go live. We're so sorry. W-D-Q-A-M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. Listen, I want to agree with that other caller. A few callers back. His house. I didn't like reader. That's cute. Thank you. I was about around five six seven, oh five, 60. I'm just I'm not going to read anymore. I got a whole pile of stuff here. I just know because my throat is just like running the edge. Oh, no, I take that back. I got one. Well, maybe even more than one.
Sir, can you come up? It's your fault. Good. Welcome to CSI San Jose. The forensic experts have the finger fragment. The very tip with nicely manicured Neil, which showed up in that woman's bowl of chili at the wedding. These restaurant on Monterey Highway last week that we talked about now the third time. The high takes loose of the Santa Clara County crime line.
The police are trying to hunt down its owner. They know so far that it's nobody in the FBI is more than 50 million strong criminal database. The poor fingerless staff apparently was living a clean life. The county has its staff man and a job rich Reno who trains all crime scene investigators. He's conducted a lot of delicate tests on the finger. Shining lights at oblique angles to make a photograph. He also dusted it as he would have snubbed nose revolver used in a stick up. No luck. It was a long shot going in. He said yesterday. He also ran it through a database to Santa Clara County criminals and a database of all law enforcement officials in the county. Just in case you're not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. I'm
not going to be able to see the police. I'm not going to be able to see the police. The police also ran you to punishment. Yeah. Anyway, the policeroomsnitly rental car ... Colonel McClendon said the police were going to open the database name of the police. He also went to the database. Noah said the police
In any case the investigation won't end there somehow a finger gun an innocent woman's chili and by gosh that county is gonna find out how
As when he's now becomes famous for finger foods
There I do like Wendy's a lot though. So don't eat there. It's easy to do the atkins their man
Just don't eat the bread don't eat the bundled. Okay. No ketchup on her because the ketchup is full up as you caught a baby
Sugar it is really
Like it's just about anything else you can smell what like the smoothie loaded with sugar
But sure is good what smoothies smoothies from power smoothies. Oh, yeah. Oh, you got one now. Yeah
I may not be coming back there you know because now that most people my hands and all that food's gonna be
We're just gonna. Oh, yeah, brought work. You'll keep him away
We're gonna kiss an embrace when we come in there. Okay. Oh, no, I let the food. No. Oh, I'm so I'll take it for that of that
Are you really? Oh, and I see the good thing of it is now because I come in early in the morning and
And at two o'clock we get like a showdown and I'm the hallway, you know, there you go
They have showed up right he can be John Wayne and I can be from like in like how's your fall? I can be fair Wayne
I think you should wear a sumo wrestling gear to yeah, we can have me a stare down in the hallway
You look down on the roll you fairy yeah
Or maybe who just go I don't he doesn't say that
20 27 past noon at 560 WQ and you know spring is here. Thank God
Thank you God and I was a great time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead for some fantastic unbeatable deals on new
O5s right now get the on the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and
Zero or is that zero percent financing? How about an exhibition with three grand cash back and 1.9% financing?
Check out the O5 for to explore right now at Armstrong for the homestead with $2,500 cash back and 1.9%
Financing and don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for to homestead you'll get their exclusive tires parts and batteries for live program and
A free floor to some past two Armstrong for is proud of our servicemen and women if you're in a military have a relative in a military
No matter if it's active duty reserved national guard or coast guard
You'll get you a military appreciation discount too David Richardson staff at Armstrong for to homestead
You're into you the best price going anywhere and because they're locally owned and operated them treat you fantastic
No high pressure no BS no treat you like family to make you a lifelong customer
Armstrong for of homestead 307 25 South Dixie highway 20 minutes out to the 836 check them out on the web at Armstrong cars
Com or you give David a victory call at 305 247 51 12
207 51 12
But whatever you do drive a few extra miles and save yourself thousands and thousands on a great new Ford from Armstrong Ford of homestead
And
Great is funny now Michael. I want you to answer as truthfully as you can state your name for the record Michael Jackson
What did you give the children that stayed with you at Neverland?
Give them hot milk cookies anything else handcuffs if a boy wanted to sleep with you
I wouldn't have a problem with it. Have you had sexual relations before?
Yes, oh with who?
Elephants and giraffes and crocodiles and tigers and lions your accuser said he saw you naked
Did he see your privates?
Absolutely yes and this is very swollen you'd be amazed how often I hear that. Well, how about this?
1231 as we extend the finger not the hand but the finger of friendship to our friend Mohawar David
It would be a long and two mad dog at four hurricane hotline at 70 beyond to be sure miss that guilty at eight and then at a
10 o'clock guilty. I mean Steve Goldstein
We got a real battle going on now looking at Moe is got 45. I got 44. Is that what it says?
45 44 is just and just barely had me by it didn't currently here Moe Curly and
5605.560 on a Verizon singular wireless line just make sure you keep that food out there. It's important to me
We got them brats coming in for our kids and some good friends and brats and some gulage Gula
Other than that although I'll be honest with you nice rib eye with me nice from Kansas City State Council
I have a stake I agree
I'll come in for that
If I would have said a big a big bowl of
Cats do you to say I agree you know cat do or cat do or cat man do okay?
Let's take about a hundred calls between now and two o'clock and get there on here, okay?
I want to go to lunch get my throat all cleaned out here. Nobody Q. I am hello
Yeah, I put down my vote for my mother-in-law the bitch got drunk what made literally to my house and try to
Pissed fight me
Okay
See there's a way to solve the problem what are two ways to deal with the mother-in-law question or just dump the wife will be good
WQ I am hello
Well, I was lived
Barely yeah, how is good probably your phone's man is almost as good as the quality of a lot of the calls not quite nothing can match
And don't be the Q. I. N. Hello. Yeah, sir
You ought to put the juice on there. Well, that's a good one. I like that. How do we forget him? Oh?
You can't forget the juice
I'm in Cochlandine. Yeah, but I have to be forget the juice. Is he gonna be was Paul there? Yeah, he's gonna be his poor bear
Yeah
Yeah, one thing I you want you have a nice cross over today with no to start the day off is day off
I'll go across the rest okay. I'll get out my pink hoopscirt and we'll
Yank that thing on I'll get up my
Cure that you college hoopscirt. Yeah, so you got it. Oh, Jay Simpson man. How could we forget? Oh Jay?
I maybe I'm changed my vote again
How's that moh thing coming me and Moh
You know what he 644 we got to tighten that up a little bit like Archie Berlin drills would say do the tighten up
Remember them
WQ I am hello
Shy Moh, Killa. I've actually both of our members Archie Bell and the drone hold her. He's an old fart WQ I am hello
What about a bell Castro for the bull Castro a lot of people got their fingers and legs crossed on that one
Okay, pali
Thanks on a politician. He's a dictator. All right. You know what I mean by pop we're talking about American politicians
Okay, get out of here. You know what we're trying to do with that. We just don't want no
Names on it, you know no locals and we're no not we don't want to know Yokels. No Yokels. Hello Yoke ono. She'd be okay
She sure no look at the man can she sing? Huh? No
Dominic you I am hello
Yes, Uncle Neil and what's that little pansy killer is a low. What's his name?
Sean Sean Lenin. Oh, can he sing or what? No, I'm sorry. Go ahead sir
Yes, I don't know if you're aware of it, but there is the more breaking news though Johnny Cochran is killed in
Oh, thanks for the good news, okay?
I'm gonna hell of a wake you Johnny Cochran a couple of days ago and now we got Terry died at 905 this morning Eastern time
Jerry Falwell is still hanging on they hit him with five Bibles and he's still hanging on and then we got to poke with that feeding
Cute is knows he's taking strands of angel hair pasta up the nose through a feeding
Heub and just in fact let's see. I got a story on that. See I told they don't want to read
We got an hour and a half to go and you're gonna make me lose my voice and you'll have to finish the show
And you'll be on tomorrow when we got the ratings coming out 1130. That's probably a good idea. Oh, yeah
It's gonna be really and you know something for anybody who might be listening right now no matter what they are and I've been doing it for many many many many many years on a year
We we pass them along every trend every rating. We're not gonna like say oh we had a bad one
We won't tell you, you know, I mean anybody could do that and many whatever they are they are
That's all and then we'll make up some excuse
Although public appearances by the Pope are generally seen as a sign of sustained health when John Paul the tooth appeared at a studio window
Yesterday he cast the opposite impression with his hands shaking the Pope strained his voice
But let nothing up on a muffled girl. I kind of sounded like boy like that
And another sign of his increasing frailty the Pope has begun receiving nutrition through a feeding cube through his nose
The Vatican said acknowledging the Pope's recover from surgery last month has been slow in a statement yesterday
Vatican spokesman Joaquin Navarro Vols who just won't get out of our face said the Pope has been offended with a
nasogastric
Chew to improve the calorie intake and favor an effective recovery of strength
I mean can you imagine sitting at a fine restaurant a trotteria in Italy and you're
You know
I mean, I know if no L was there. We know what you being doing
That's not Parmesan cheese by the way that white powdered but anyway, you're like taking your angel air pasta up the nose
Oh my god John Paul's be prepared to the studio window yesterday
It was his second unsuccessful attempt to speak to the crowds in St. Peter's Square that week to the get-gees in St. Peter's Square
After managing just a rasp of his voice he blessed well wishes by making the sign across with his hand and withdrew
He threw back like Bella LaGosia, you know, remember when the rising pulled up
In fact wouldn't be something if he pulled up his he doesn't have a cape like Dracula, but he's got the dress, you know
If he pulled it up, oh
He pulled the white dress up over his head like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I mean it's so sad most of the people in the world are just a bunch of little
Scared sheep that's all just waiting for somebody to tell them what to think how to live what to watch what to read
Which is why America I guess is coming into its perfection now. It's rounding into form
Look at her if you're watching CNN right now. What is that King David Stuggles?
They had to be sure that all vital science are gone and gone
You know, I don't want to be insensitive, but if you ever wonder
I mean is his mouth crooked or his mustache to shaving bands
There's no story I beg your pardon his mouth is crooked. Oh like what's his name Brian Williams on NBC news
I'll show up his face the one that she needs food and water
He's got a nose that aims off to one side and his mouth is like off in a corner of his chin where his ear will
Bought a big bed head ahead sideways, but he is although I will admit I'm watching that by default. I will not watch okay, okay
I won't watch my cheaper and I certainly will not watch Peter Jennings who sounds like he's a step away from my his own
Feeding you but he's really not talking well. I don't mind Peter Jennings
Can't stand him and so I'm stuck with NBC news. I mean he's polished. He sounds good
I wish nobody would have told us about him being a big Russia
Well a Russian liquor fan because that kind of like spruld a whole thing for me
Somebody Q a M hello
Hello, how are you guys doing pretty good? How are you doing?
Girl you know what you gotta give yourselves a pat on a thing you guys do a great job every day and I appreciate it every day
How do you like that today? We work for appreciate us know every day's crowd come hell or rain or a high a water
Whatever and the second thing I wanted to say is you know I was
I'm injured as a child I was mulled by a dog and I was on the machines and the respirator and
They of my party want you
Oh, too and
I'm especially if you take me off and I did survive but they thought I wasn't going to but I did so you never know
Maybe we'll have a area around for a question of mine still I
I got this morning. She died. You see I'm not with it man
I'm working on you know
905 a.m. Man
I'm around for a while, but maybe not in the side. No, I actually I actually survive. Thank God and
Thank God for that pal. We'll say I'm here for you
We'll say a book for you. You too. See I guess I should keep repeating that because it's on everybody's
It's right on the edge of our fingertips Terry Terry Terry
Terry right right right right because the media this is I think this is even worse than a Leon, you know
I mean a Leon I don't know let drag down longer. Didn't it? Oh, yeah a lot longer went on for months
Let me tell you this is 15 years, but this is not what I'm talking about this media
I'm feeding two friends here
Man, it's been going on and even now that she died at 905 this morning. It's still going on
God and of course there's almost nobody there anymore so they keep showing these really bizarre mug-wump looking
Okie-Fanoki kind of like real strange. I would say people but I'll be using the term loosely
Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. I
Checked oneself
Thank you for coming. I'm 50 cent and I'm the game
We're here to put it into this violent rap war my calling it truth
But truth I thought we was calling a cease-fire now fool and those cease-fire the truth your step off into cease-fire
I'm just waiting for the body fall sound
1244-60 to 1 a QAM
accusations of sexual harassment and intimidation have been leveled at the end of a UN team praise for her role in elections in Afghanistan in Iraq
The allegations against Karina Perrelli headed the UN's electoral assistance division were quoted in a report commissioned by the world body
But UN ambassador defended Mrs. Perrelli and said the report was preliminary
The UN Commission and investigation in the electoral assistance division after staff complained about their work environment
The report quoted staff accusing Mrs. Perrelli of harassment and intimidation but didn't directly blame her
Members of her team said they had suffered emotionally because of her behavior and complained they worked in an abusive environment full of
Sexual innuendo and intimidation
Mrs. Perrelli has said it made sexual advances to a male colleague and if you saw this picture of her you could easily understand why I see
Accusations of favoritism and misuse of travel funds were also quoted in the report and the parkridge in a pair three
She's a little on me while the area can't tell you she's just you believe she might not be able to be all that porcupine
But she's okay pretty you believe that she looks kind like almost a guy 5 6 7 on maybe his a guy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line
That's it. We're getting a whopping response and who would you like to croak pull other than politicians whose death you most eagerly await eagerly
Jerry Falwell 273 Terry Shiveaux who died at 905 this morning
128 the Pope 101 shame on you you heathen bastards you mohauer David at 48 my own
47 meaning them near Rogers 46 I'm only to be hand the moment my mother-in-law 22 Don I miss oh this thing just hopped on me again
Let's take that one at hops
Yes, I'm a 16 my spouse 11 Robert O'Back 10 George Stambrunner's got four finally he finally moved up to Del Castro 3
OJ's got three pro Zach Ron 3 Reverend Jones 3 my ex-spouse 2 and George you don't have any out of 723 votes
You got the big I don't like that. See you say you got what wait till they discovered that I'm under George's last
He didn't have even a single one they love you man
That's right for guy. Oh, and that's another here's another good example. I have forgotten about that
Number we did that pool right the one that rush one by about 600 votes
What's that? What's South Florida? What broadcast you're heard in South Florida?
You hate the most now where's Limbaugh one with about 80 million votes
But other than that a very respectable second was a good battle between you and who else Howard no
Now he was down away ways. I thought it was me and him that good. No, I don't think so but in any rate and not you know
And you got a ton of votes. Okay. We put you on it. We put me on there. We put everybody on there
Who cares if it's for fun? It's a pool. It means nothing
In fact the ones we took the last two days mean a little bit more because at least it gives us some indication of who's listening to what and who's
That doing home, you know right which quite frankly we like to find out if we still got any audience after all these shenanigans last three years
Now with the nobody whining oh geez put me on there again
God how can you go through your entire life being a child in adult clothing, you know
12 a.m. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes
I want you to put
Father Paul Shanley on the list
Father Shanley too late. Oh, no father Shanley. I thought he was talking about father gay gun father Shanley. Okay, get him on it. All right
Sorry, I get all those child-ministering priests confused well. They look the same. Yeah, they all smell the same WQ. I am hello
Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good palmy John from Columbia down here on medication man?
Wow, what yeah, what about Scott Peterson?
Okay, that sounds like a deal. In fact, I think you'll get your wish, but that's gonna take I don't I think it's time
Oh, I think on the inside something that could happen, you know, that's what I'm hearing all right. Thanks
Thank you, and back to you John happy forum, baby happy Simha Stora as the far-bison Yiddloch say happy tissue both
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of a rising and singing you know something I wish you know
Where did that come from who started all that angst tissue?
No, who started that crap with Moe with all those tapes and that you know, I mean the audience loves it of course
But I just I just don't have the appetite just to go through all that again
It's just I don't you know, I was the one who said okay, I was the one who said these flunkies we got to duck in clearance
And believe me flunkies and understatement I said look if we're gonna start this crap again with this drain monkeys and and you know
Turning everybody against each other like an on the air war. I don't think that's what we need to be going
You got this other station that ledger Lee has gotten the audience that they're all been out of shape about this 790 and
We at least ought to be on the same page. Just me. We have to like each other
We don't have to kiss each others ask but I really don't think it's a great idea that we have to have warfare
That was my idea not them. You think they got an idea in their own head
Oh, no, and I thought at the time about three weeks ago
I thought it was a pretty good idea just just at least let's have a little bit of peace in the family okay in the family
You know we take a pool that wasn't done with it would defend them in mind or anything else and right away
Oh my god if he's starting again, then it just a matter of time
I got go to help and that's and that's my comment go to hell rod
Fester and for fester local fester. Yeah, yeah, I heard right and fester. He was bothered
WQ a.m. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. If the coffee doesn't fit we must be quick right
I
He's talking about coffee animal. Welcome WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Wait late, but a happy anniversary
I'm gonna go full yeah
And I got one for your list. How about I just calls for George Greg read
Greg read oh can't guarantee a lot of current and ex employees will be dancing on his grave make no mistake about it
Get him on it right away. Okay Greg. Okay. I want to change your vote. Sorry. Sorry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon and singular wireless lines
WQ a.m. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay, I got two things first of all I want to vote for my mother-law nurse
Smiley diapers. Okay, and second and I'd like to suggest the poll good
Would have that how about with two famous people would put on the best show in a make-it-fat clapping contest?
huh
Mm-mm. What?
Yeah, here's our line nine. They're still under again Q. I. M. Hello. Hey, Neil
Yes, I got one suggestion for your poll and the question for you go right ahead
The poll suggestion is how about rush limbaugh?
That's a good one in fact he did so good on another one that they hit like poison. Why not why not old rush?
Still pop in hypocritical finger point and rush exactly
Really going to serious I'll let you know when I find out when I hear something which I hear nothing
You know my agent is a a pansy so I don't know what's going on
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. Thanks, Kelly
If I maybe that would be the solution for all of this maybe mole could just be tended to and we'll just go off to serious to take the whole thing
What I'm serious and that's a thought
That's an idea
Let the moment have tended to and we'll go to serious take our anger story
And just get out of his hair so to speak and just they all have peace in the family
The only problem with that is that hand hates him like poison he and guilty hate each other like poison
Mad dog now that they're not to the dolphin games anymore
It's just a matter of time before he unleashes his real feelings which I know very well by the way
So you know you can blame it on me or me and George or me and George and Josh Cortes or anybody else associated with a hundred yards of our studio
But the fact that a matter is mole. It's a lot more than that
Like I said before this business about how I'm in step and a whole rest of the world is out of step that doesn't fly too
Well, you know, maybe you can dilute yourself into believing that but it just it just doesn't hold any water
You know even like that you didn't hold any water that's why she died this morning
We have to go up. Oh, yeah, that's right. I forgot about that and then of course they had a little
A little bit of wine you know the communion of drop just a drop
Now it's just amazing
Every line in that movie every line was delivered with such special with such perfection, you know, right almost every word
Every line of dialogue in that movie was just is memorable. There's just something about it, you know
Like for example
It's a memory
But thank you for the song I know
And of course the ever famous for us pigs leave the gut
They think it only
Whatever I was done to make your pictures was good
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again ever ever
What justice we must go to the
I don't feel like everybody out
Let me tell you something my crunk McFran you look a brush. He's sweet shit the fishes
You know who I am I'm mobree I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
I'm gonna make them an offering
See what's beautiful. He was young. He was innocent. He was the greatest piece of ass
I've ever had and I've had them all over the world. You're taking a scary person
Am I right? Yes
I wonder if Josh Cordis has seen the godfather of course. Oh, don't say of course
We know plenty of people who haven't seen the godfather. I just I don't think Godfather
I know many people who have not seen the godfather you're kidding me. I'm gonna tell you right now
We don't have all the lines are spoken, but well, I'm not how we would do that pool
But I can I keep running in the people I don't know anybody who hasn't seen it one I do ones I do I do
Yeah, WQ a. M. Godfather line. Hello
Q. I. M
Must have been look abroad see somebody Q. I. M. Hello
Neil are you pretty good?
question for you
Yeah, they're going to be
All over Michael Shiveau when he finally gets married now
How long does it take? I mean give me take a year. Well, what does it mean?
It again. I'll be all over him. I'm sure by then the spot label of the minute now that she's dead
Even though they're finishing the final acts of their dog and pony showing it that's gonna be the end of it
I don't find some way to bring it up in some way
Well, the way that probably bring it up is go hang up by Judge Greer's house 24 or 70, you know
These people run by the way have no life. Thank you. No, okay
Well, there's only about like four of them left here. They the toothless wonders
Oh somebody ought to bring the major of toothpaste. I think they're getting ready to march on Washington
I mean, maybe a little bit of bodywashed can't be bad, you know, wow
Are they gonna want march on Washington good?
Yeah, that's right. That's right. The Bushes didn't do enough. That's right. I agree with him
Bushes didn't do enough. Okay, down with the bushes go them out when and down voter mountain peachmen
Don't you think absolutely?
I mean, I have to pass them out
1256 at 560. I forget this
Really? Oh, okay recola recola recola good stuff
Much better than Hall's mental lip this. Oh, this this has the sugar. You know, I don't dasen eat the
Sermon call stuff on here right or I'd have to keep like making a mad dance, you know
You know, Mrs. Dan I feel your pain. I could be missed. But anyway
This is a recola is pretty good when you got a little scratchy throw it, but I'll recover
I'll be back for tomorrow 11 30 and the morning we got those numbers coming out and then we'll all be yelling
Oh, this is gonna be no one I wonder they're like taking you know, they're probably all getting drunk today
Wouldn't you think I would how about Muff have you seen her today?
You'll J
Huh? Yes
I'm dying on the hand
You're fairly
Oh
So that's gonna be the theme music when those numbers come out elementary this morning
They're gonna be really bad. We're gonna look really terrible and you know and we'll give you the honest numbers
All of it is April Fool's Day. Keep that in mind. Huh?
No fooling we got a 90 share
April fooling
Minute after one and five sixty
Q
WQAM we got more Howard David it was becoming a little bit surly lately, but he'll be alright now he goes back all straight and out
Moe at two we got mad dog is full for a can outline at seven guilty at eight
That is too long on the air or what and
Anykate ten pull the straight by money troubles at home offers a Roberts E. Winston
Advocated wrong remember Winston tastes good like a cigarette should right the 14-year police veteran pawn
Got police guns for cash and trying to cover it up. He pawn police guns
I mean there's a lot of pawn shops around especially in good old
Special on four forty one that's pawn shop heaven Winston told police investigators
He never intended to keep the money, but by design a mistake four department handguns were improperly taken to the
Broward pawn and gun shop in Davy and trade over cash all four pawn guns eventually were returned to the police department
No, the city had to spend 17 everything thirty five bucks to buy two of them back
Winston a SWAT team member resigned in August not in good standing court of this weeks released
They just released records. He also permanently gave up his state police certification the BS always investigated the office of
Investigated chose not to charge Winston yet criticized his gross mismanagement of police weapons
Meanwhile the state criminal justice standards in training commission notified Winston last month that he may face further
Discipline and the city's police review board will go over to case April 11th
March April Fool's Day by the way no fooling April one
And if there's one thing I cannot stand it is those you know people go on
They some silly. Oh boy. I remember one year Craig Worthing we were at KAT
No, it's a matter of fact. I always already had WS news. Thank goodness
But Craig was on KAT he went on one day and announced on April Fool's Day that he was retiring
It was his last show
And all these old ladies these old Yentas were great were in tears. They were having a risk breakdown
And at the end of the show April fall April fall
Yeah
Or tell you somebody had died like you know like Steve came to that like Bennett and then they went back the other way
Yeah, Mr. Cane and Mr. Uh Mr. Cane Mr. Cane Mr. Bental Mr. Cane
You know it's the whole thing right yeah cut that that was Steve that was Alex Bennett's one great radio moment
He really shined in that he shone that's just the top of his head
He said cut the cut the radio talk show bullcraft Steve remember that right are you totally me?
Yeah, Mr. Bennett Mr. Cane I protested yeah that came you know
All over the place and then of course all of a sudden this born again right wing bull crap
You know and fundamentalist homophobic
Oh jeez Steve, you know it's so sad
I understand like the Chinese say must-ealibin you know everybody's gonna make a living but oh brother
It is just tragic and of course he's one of the people that invented the Reverend Pat Mahoney by the way really oh
Yeah, he he's got a factory where he stamps these people out you know
W.A.M. Hello
My voters mature
W.A.M. Hello Neil yes sir. I don't know why
Right
What
Right
Right got arrested whatever you said five dollars five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line a lot of good phones out
There today not they have these amazing. I think I got my blackberry seventy two ninety. I think is what it is at seventy two ninety
What do you know I'll bring it I'm gonna all right show it hey can you bring your Glenn Gary Glenn Ross to Josh
Yeah, he has seen that he really
Oh, and I'm also gonna bring you with the talented mr. Ripley. That's right. I'll put that in my
Apocalypse reduck just bring your clueless
She know I'm only bringing a little sack man my whole bag crazy person I already got your Jose can suck a book in there Josh
That's for Joe right
But I'll put in your Glenn Gary Glenn Ross and
Telled it mr. Ripley and what else and I'm gonna never gonna watch it anyway you can have it you can have it
I don't know you think you can make it in the reducks version like I said it's all you run
WNQ am hello
Hey, how are you doing pretty good valley? What do you got all you know the other day I saw just the
Not just I saw the movie fatso for the first time yeah
That's the honey Jr. That was a great move not passed the honey
Yes, the honey
Oh, yeah, the honey Jr. That was a great movie and I leave you on a leave you with
Yeah, and I leave you with
How is good when it
That's what he should have said you wake the only
She was so great. She wrote it. She directed it and then craft Mrs. Mel Brooks
Like I said, how'd you like to be a fly in a wall in that house? Oh, yeah
non-stop history and panic
At least we imagine that that's what I would think so. He's great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
Univeris now let's hear from some people who never saw the godfather because you actually can't believe that there's nobody ever saw
At least the first one the original one godfather much less parts two and three. Yes. All the first two and now the third one
That's all right
What's not all right. It is all right. No, it is the not all right. He continues to have a positive impression of the godfather series
There are things there are things in godfather three that you will see okay things will give him the bad acting
We sent that aside Eli Wallach Sophia Coppola George Hamilton
Some horrible horrible horrible dialogue now they will fear now they will fear you
Michael turns over to maybe the out of fear you
I mean it was all it was almost like a parody of the first two in some ways
But I still say here's a here's a movie that had the balls the telescope the Vatican banking scandal the assassination of a pope
And yet nobody even because the acting was so bad. That's what made it really a crime because it was the story in there was even more powerful than the first two
Remember he was hanging from the yeah, that was his name Roberto. I mean that was a true story
That was a true story all it always fiction
Yeah, right and of course I like to think with the eyeglasses and the neck. That's always a good. Yes, great
That's why I got these real thin titanium frames now just in case
So many Q. I. N. Hello
How you doing male okay, sir? What's going on listen?
Two things real quick you were just like Todd direct Lisa. Yeah, go ahead. I said how do you how does thing go?
You were just talking about my work, you know, I just saw
Blasting Saddle that haven't seen it a while. I haven't seen that about a hundred years
That movie there's no way that that would fly if that was made nowadays and put out it was like I
Thought and I was like man, I can't believe what he did back in like 73 when the movie was released
I was way with you know
Now it would be like forget it, you know the end of the world
My other thing how far back to what big giant steps were taken backward right
The other thing I wanted to
Ask you wasn't really
Overseize all of your content correct. She like the hit work lady. Yes, she's the word police. That's correct
Okay, we have to put an end to
The one that you had for years and years is a belusion to you were speaking in three ways that didn't know now
No, actually we can play that. How do you like that? Oh, that would be killer man
Coming up right after the way coming up right after the right pali. I'm glad you mentioned that one
It's one of the fifteen we can still play thanks
Boy boy. Yeah, remember they would play that I said well. Let's see how much of this week in playing actually
There's nothing in there. Well at least not that we can find although I'm sure if we pass it by that bitch
You know hey Joyce you think we can know about no
No, no
Was a bad bad mistake somebody made a really bad error in judgment when they brought that bitch in
I'm gonna tear that right now and then when he gave her power over over a business that you know is nothing about that was really stellar
Nice going honey
Clerics of three-fates protest gay festival planned for Jerusalem boy
Boy international gay leaders are planning a ten-day worldwide
World pride festival and parade in Jerusalem in august saying they want to make a statement about tolerance and diversity in the holy city
That's tolerance and perversity home to three great religious traditions now major leaders of the three
Christianity Judaism and Islam are making a rare show of unity to try to stop the festival
They say the event would desecrate the city and convey the erroneous impression that homosexuality is acceptable
You're fairy they're creating a deep and terrible sorrow that is unbearable
Shlomo Amar is real Sephardic tea for Abbai city yesterday and a news conference in Jerusalem attended by Israel two tea for Abbais
They paint the arcs of the Roman Catholic record of the rocks and Armenian churches and three senior Muslim prayer leaders
It hurts all the religions were all again it
You see most religions they can't agree on anything except on it comes to bigotry and hate and intolerance and narrow mind in this then
Yeah, we're with you Abdel Aziz Bukhari a sufi chic added we can't permit anybody to come and make the holy city dirty
They so dirty. This is very ugly and very nasty to have these people come to Jerusalem and of course
We know that there are no flavors in Israel right right what are any of those religious?
No, no Israeli authorities have not indicated what action if any they might take to the limit the events
Then the festival would seem unlikely that the government could withhold the required permits for specific events like a parade
Oh now one of those
Interfaith agreement is unusual in Israel
Believe as you know position was initially generated by the Reverend Leo Giovanetti
And evangelical pastor from San Diego was both a veteran of the American culture war over homosexuality
And a frequent visit into Israel where he's formed relationships with rabbis and politicians
In other words, he's a professional homophob
Organizers of the gay pride adventure
Jerusalem world pride 2005 said that 75 non-orthodox rabbis it's time to stay in the support for the event and that Christian and Muslim leaders as well as Israeli politicians were expected when out there
Support soon they said they were just made to see what that what united their opponents was their objection to homosexuality
That is something new. I've never witnessed before such an attempt to globalize bigotry said how gay L.A. that's how gay
Gay L.A. the executive director of Jerusalem open house a
Gay and lesbian group that's hosted the festival. It's quite sad and ironic that these religious figures are coming together around such a negative mission
Oh, yeah, it's very unusual isn't it? Yeah, when religious scum together about about negative messages
Ah, of course, you know, they're all probably doing each other. Oh now. What is this this living will I got here? Oh, it's just a cute humorous thing that the real
Messages at the bottom
Oh
I choose to put that in our worthwhile. I want you to save my paper. Sorry
12 minutes after one you know the thing with the living will now somebody suggested we put that on our website
Maybe we ought to put a link to it there because there is a living will
What do you think whatever what do you mean by that? I think a lot more people are if nothing else
You know all these corny things about well. It's something good. Can come out of this Terry thing you know with that
You then what will we talk about for a month?
Come on. Let's take the easy the lazy way out like putting them bimbo on there with no name
That's good by the way. She's she's hot. I'll try to be real
No, no, I know I'm just joking about that. She's outstanding. It's one of the best pictures. We've had on there in a very
Long time almost as erotic as the boon in the box
Hey, I'm gonna tell you one thing man when he was young. He was a pretty guy. You know, he was pretty real pretty and that was pretty old and pretty idiotic
Although he had a brother. You know, that was a vegetable
I think his brother was carrot top
113 at 560 wq a.m. I'm sure you're familiar with that by now with Anthony Caliendo our main man at acceptance
Countable mortgage so before you call any other mortgage company let the main man tell you what you don't know
Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products?
And if you're credit is less than absolutely positively absolutely perfect
You're ready to hear the most famous two letter word in the English language and oh
If you're not working with the right lenders chances you're getting approved are only 50-50
So do yourself a big fat favor call right now call Anthony Caliendo the main man one
Triple eight four eight three loan let the main man and his team put you in a mortgage and meet your needs
Avoid going to the wrong lender or maybe even being turned down because you call the wrong number
Call the main man today at acceptance countable mortgage toll free. It's one triple eight four eight three loan
That's one eight eight eight four eight three loan. No, forgive every time that close alone
A portion is donated to kids in distress
So why call anybody else?
A boy deal beaten swish call Anthony Caliendo the main man today at eight eight eight four eight three L.O.A.N
You're listening to Neil Rogers
And this is the listen to our on 565
Q.A.M
If I am in town
5.56.0
W.U.A.M
Turned about
We will have our doubt
Listen
Listen
Turn to your
Hey hello water's warm. I'll say you come here often.
I've been here before no first time
What's your name? Freeway freeway that's nice. I'm sick. It's the nature's sickest thing here
You were here to get
Clean? Oh, I don't know
You were work around here. I'm a waiter but actually I'm an actor you know. Yeah, I know what's happened
You probably need to rely on how to say but you know with everything is the news and all it's to pay
You can start relaxing right now freeway. I
brought something
She
And freeway not just any she either
Look wow
Gold
I'm ready to come to
Here's the most important part freeway in the
ProTeched label
ProTeched huh aren't those in door by the city council of San Francisco?
Absolutely you know the proTeched slogan built your mind sure do
35 states by the city by the bay
Well, what do you say?
Darn look at that. I trust us so began
I'll get it
You bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have
condoms
Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings and public showers always carry proTeched
The roc
My my free s can be
The roc
He's been down with no
Don't doubt know what it's all about
The proTeched so they won't send you a
ProTeched condoms on the vision of black flag housing garden that's from gold division
Keeping situation face since 1887 you fair one 19 at QAM 795 vote on the pool every to push we could know a thousand again
Did they ever you know what I just don't I'm not into it tired of pushing tired of pushing other than
Policeman pack remember that thing was it you to put the did the push in the push in remember that we got the
Yeah, I don't think we can play it though was it you yeah, we are
Hey, yo man. Yeah, this is not senior. I think we can play that can we not roll with that
Hey, yo man, this is art. This is not senior hanging around my house and I want to talk to you about what
In here now, I'm gonna put it this way. Yeah, wasn't you who did the push in put the stains upon the cushion
Put prints on the dashboard upside down
Wasn't you you grackle build in messing with my daughter Jill if it was
You'd better leave this town
Oh
Man, we can play that so there's two of them we can still play
Yo, Joyce. How do you like that better pass it by a joist though before it played again
795 votes other than politician to his death you most eagerly awaited of course we started this pool
I wrote it last night before Terry died and 905 this morning Terry died
Jerry fall well 282 Terry shavow 133 you got your wish you heartless bastards the Pope 103
Mohawar Davide's open up a little bit of a lead on me. Mo's got 56 my own 48th that's a bunch of suicidal people out there
We can understand probably mostly colors Neil Rogers 47. Mo's got me by a night right now my mother-in-law 23
Don I miss 18 to help cash or 17 OJ 15
Rush Limball 11 Robert Novak 11 my spouse 11 George and George Steinbrenner four George and George George and Jorge four piece
Scott Peterson three pro-zac Ron three Reverend Jones three my ex spouse two Greg Reed's got one
Father Shanley he's got the big so far but he'll get his
We'll see in the end like Linda Blair said in time
in time
I'll tell you one thing if there are people who haven't seen the godfather the exorcist network and um, you know
There's just a few that are mandatory deliverance right. I think that all like teenagers before they graduate
You should see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Oh, and that one man. Here's what awaits you. There he's just
told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for just to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living your company man you ferry
Well, that's not just like some dialogue, you know, because he's screaming at the boss
Can you imagine somebody a young all that?
They're a manager like that. Well, that's right. I was just thinking about a duck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
And they've arrived in singular wireless line w a m. Hello. Not there online one see that line one market down
All right, you a hello. I lost he line to market down Q a m. Hello. I'm glad I'm on a puffer. W a m. Hello
Yeah, no, yes sir. No, hey, I just wanted to say something straight. I was listening to the beginning of the most show yesterday
Yes, sir, and he did not say he was going to kill you
Yeah, he was going to know what you left it open
He said he was going to kick somebody's ass, but he did not mention you by name. Yeah, no
He's bringing that out this because I don't want to listen to the tendinance of him doing what a bunch of mouth grids and monkeys up with you know
You know, you're listening. So I train monkey. Train monkeys. Yeah, okay, but he didn't say he didn't threaten you directly or personally
Yeah, but he left it open. Oh, yeah. I'm sure you look at open. Let go. Yeah, there you go
Yeah, you're right. We love you. Thanks for straightening you out in the story too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon singular right of slides
I'm gonna get you. I'm gonna get sucked. I'm gonna get guilty. I'm gonna get this one. I'm gonna get George fired
I'm gonna get Neil. I'm gonna get Hank. I know more against the world. That's his life, you know
It's more against the universe
W Q a m. Hello
Yeah, I just
I'm gonna do the poll. Yes, sir
Yeah, I'm gonna give you a
Talk up, but you're in any hand and talk out. Oh, good one good vanilla
Thank you so much. All right, Benny, him and Paul's crocs. Yeah, don't make us choose
I'm telling you God's start to get pretty peered with his crap. He's habits playing catch up
He's eating ketchup. He said no mayonnaise in my fries
I think God eats fries
What?
Wonder if God eats in McDonald's Burger King or Wendy's
I'll certainly not at PoioTrupper Cal lately five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon singular right of slime
Maybe it's his finger of the chili. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, maybe it was the finger of God and that's really that could be it God eats a Wendy's
It's a good job to get his finger on it. Yeah, so God eats it when these the long finger of the Lord is in your fries
Like Michael Jackson used to say then little kids the long finger of Michael is in your thighs
W Q a m. Hello, and Neil did you catch a hot Mark left lane or in Levi now George saw though
Ah man, it was great. It was great at Terry Shivoh
Was great is what I heard
I heard you're already told me it was great. They were doing a Terry Shivoh by stuff
But of course now she died so
I'll look like they got it in before she says yeah, it's a good thing. They got it in there. She died
Yeah, she died 905 this morning. They finally were able to put an end. Oh, I mean she just died
You know because they pulled that you
Recently influential social concerns. Oh look at that. There was this. This is all the stuff
They got the crucifix there and there's Randall Terry screaming in the other growlite pro family
Republican people of various legislative levels statewide and federal wide who have used
Throw-life pro family conservatives rhetoric to get into power and then when they have that power
They refuse to use it right here. You should vote about Randall. Yeah. Oh, yeah
No, he's just gonna go up lower everybody up. It's what he's gonna do
That's his answer to everything old shoe-room up Randall. Somebody Q a m. Hello
Ah, hi, Neil. I know it would be improper for you to suggest this but
W. Q. A. M. Hello, and I think everybody should celebrate for
Maybe that's who I guess that's what we're talking about. It's gonna kick some of these ass. It was him. We'll hold them down
Yeah, W. Q. A. M. Hello. What's up? The other guy. Okay. Hey, just so you know out of Weston while they're falsifying all their police
Statistics on solid crimes. They're now today shooting radar off our vider parkway
So the ramps 55 when you get off the ramp, but they're sitting right there to give you a ticket when you go in 30
So thanks to Ken Jenny and the BSO for falsifying all our brown or crimes statistics
You not see Pete go pay you bastard you next long good job, paling couldn't have said a bit of myself
Ken Jenny man the possum maybe he's just playing possum, you know
Speaking of people with a bad ball spot. He is anxious man. He is just ran bunches
I'm just curious how you look at how I mean the other ones it's obvious fall well. He's got it licked right
Does he but me and Mo 57 for Mo you know 48 for yours truly I can catch him. I'm gonna hold my nose to the grinds time
That's your down
Everybody
Everybody
And
Her
Is
I'm the king, and they don't want to be.
Too fast they're added to the Christ Sauer,
When I'm a shatter they threaten you,
Like you do the bones.
They're in the thread of a tower.
I throw windows so we caulge in radicals.
You're fed.
Have right by it.
Hey, have right by it all the time.
So how's that even if it did you?
Some faces of reason why things
From upon old people.
Oh my god.
132 is something's right in Denmark.
I can smell it all the way over here.
It's wafting over here.
28-02 at QM.
We got a star-studded line up today.
Tomorrow, 11-30 of those numbers come up.
Boys at pressure factor 1.
The parents of girls under 18 would have to be notified
When their daughters are seeking an abortion under one or two abortion measures
Approved yet today by a legislative committees in Tallahassee.
The other would spell out an array of regulations that abortion clinics will have to abide by.
From rules dealing with sterilizing equipment and the training of employees
To requirements for having certain rooms and equipment.
Sponsors of that bill said it's aimed at making sure abortion clinics are safe.
Noting they're not regulated as thoroughly as other healthcare facilities.
But opponents said the bill simply singles out abortion clinics for extra regulation
As another way to make it difficult for them to operate.
Both measures gain easy approval.
The parental notice bill still must be heard in one more committee if it can reach the full Senate for a vote.
The measure adding regulations for abortion clinics is headed to the House floor for a vote.
The legislature slightly expected to pass a parental notice law because it voted last year for a proposed constitutional amendment to make such a law possible.
And vote has approved the ballot measure in November.
How about 45 for abortion notice?
What do you say?
I have a paper for your parents and from Alberto Gonzalez and Jose Jimenez and Ilyana Rosanna Dana.
What do you say? All of these things?
That's Florida. There's your fan asked.
Governor, by the way, somewhere in a parking garage.
This year related to her case and I encourage that and I'm appreciative of Senator Moran.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says from Brian.
Oh, yeah, this is Brian who's not Chinese. It turns 50 tomorrow April Fool's Day.
Well, 50 is a spring chicken convert and old fart like me.
Are you hear that?
I heard it.
He says, Moa has no grass of the concept of your show.
He is the new kid in town.
He's been in a first of all if he's a kid boy.
Good like to all of us.
And number two, he's been with us for three years now.
I mean, is that going to be the new kid in town?
It says Mr. Howard David, aka Mo, never mentioned in his rant that he was looking to find certain people or to fire certain people off your radio station yesterday.
When he arrived at QAM, tank before his arrival called him Howard B. Thy Name.
Mr. Howard David, aka Mo, was going to change AM radio with comprehensive chat, including sports.
Every time you play a Howard David, aka Mo, it's publicity to him.
Last week, he was saying his daughter was expecting a baby.
I was dumped for suggesting a name, Monique.
Now, any kind of unique, when that Monique was wrong with that?
Good day.
I like that name, but they dumped him.
Many of us trained monkeys will not be waiting for Mr. Howard David show aka Mo, starting at 2 p.m. for his response.
Have a tape rolling since Brian.
Maybe I will, and maybe I won't.
And maybe we do, and maybe we don't.
And quite frankly, who gives a flying?
Take place.
Get really ponderous.
You know, this whole business, this outrage, this anger, he took this pole, and I know he can try it to make me look back.
Yeah.
I got a nose for a man.
When you keep carrying on like some kind of a overgrown child, it doesn't take anything by anybody else to make you look bad.
Okay, just make yourself look like a petulant, humorless child in long pants.
Or maybe in short pants like out on the golf course.
Oh, that's right, I better wear my real sloppy pants when I'm in town next week, you know.
My the extra sloppy baggy ones.
I'm sure this will around.
No, yeah.
W.A.M., hello.
W.A.M., hola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got another one for your pole.
Yes.
Another George Stompea.
Yeah, okay.
Other than politicians, who's day, you know, there you go.
Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant, pal.
Okay, you got a real out of the might of a rocket scientist, okay.
Somebody Q.A.M., hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
Do you celebrate for him?
Come in to Q.A.M., hello.
Come in to Q.A.M., hello.
Here you are.
I like to put Ken Jennings on the list that did it.
Yeah.
Not Ken Jennings, he said Ken Jennings.
That's to show that you would watch because it's for sueds.
Right, right.
Wherever he's sent.
Right.
You watch it?
Yeah, but it's not for sueds.
Don't put yourself in jeopardy.
It's for sueds, man.
You don't know any of the answers, doesn't it?
I don't.
I don't care about the answers.
If I knew the answers, I really question my existence.
Who doesn't mean anything?
I know above your level.
I like it.
We'll afford you, okay.
I like playing the game in the casino.
I like watching the show on TV.
I just like it.
Sorry.
And I guess most of the puzzles too, because it's for simple things like me, okay.
Anything a little more intellectual than that?
It's beyond my scope.
Oh, and of course scope.
You can drink that too up.
Tube.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
More than you.
How are you doing?
Good evening.
Are you a poll?
You have George down their last.
Is that that mental manipulation you were talking about?
Yes, that's it.
You got it.
You're on to a check.
Thank you.
You're on to a CO.
Of course, the only problem is I'm looking at it right now.
And Benny Hinn and Paul Crouch are last with the big O.
My ex-spouses got two, five, the Shanley's got two.
And George is up there, even past George's time, brother.
Little George Rodriguez got five.
How do you like that?
He's alive and he got five.
Well, he's still alive right now.
For the...
What you never know.
Especially a QA.
I mean, I don't know what he's going to get the gas.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going, sir?
Pretty good, especially if Josh Frieden comes back for a visit.
Yes.
Do you remember the character on Scott Fother that said we hidden with five shots and he's still alive?
Yeah.
What's his name?
Salotto.
Frutto Salotto.
Salotto.
That's what somebody was saying that to him.
No, no, he's the one that said that the one that's trying to take out...
Let me say it again.
Virgil Salotto.
Pay no attention to what George is saying.
Trust me when I tell you, okay?
Well, and have a great day.
Have a great day.
Now, what are you trying to say?
It was one of the soldiers reporting to Salotto who said it.
No, okay.
The guy comes over.
He's got Tom Hagen.
They just kidnapped Tom Hagen.
Well, I really kidnapped.
They just are going to be the guy for a woman's Christmas shopping.
And they come out and they're standing outside and the guy comes in and buzzes against
a lot of the reporters here.
And Salotto said they hid him with five shots and he's still alive.
You are correct.
And then he says that's bad news for him and bad news for you if you don't sell the deal or something.
That's what he does for me.
Right.
Bad news is if you don't sell the deal to Santino.
It's bad news for you.
Right.
You're questioning my Salotto expertise, man.
Sorry.
The movie that got there.
Virgil Salotto.
So, and of course Captain McClaspy played by the great, what was the name Robert Sterling?
Robert Sterling, hey Sterling Hayden.
Sterling Hayden.
Sterling Hayden, okay.
Not Hyman Hayden.
I remember Bobby Hyman and the dating show.
It was much to me.
And look at the next spot on the law.
What does it say there?
What does it say on the law?
Look at that, Josh.
Yeah.
What does it say on that first spot?
Sterling.
Well, it seems to me and Roger.
How do I do it?
How do I do it?
I do it.
I do it.
I don't care how many day go, getting a what?
Graceful.
Goon Vars, come out on a woodware.
It's new and it's that burger king.
Godfather Trulles' reaction figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlives drink.
And that's a superlives drink.
No exceptions.
Get Sonny and his favorite garbage can't.
So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sonny's sister.
Or get the bullet brittle body of Sonny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Is it that great?
Impress all your friends with the Don himself.
I'll make him an offer.
He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's a burger king.
El Paso on that place.
Let's head right now.
Kind of fits right in with that the rubber meat.
144 us rubber meat.
Now nutrition among the youngest Iraqis is almost doubled.
I thought everything was going well over there.
Oh, we're fine.
The most nutrition among the youngest Iraqis is almost doubled since what are you the younger one?
It has almost doubled since the US light of age in toppled Sodomus seine.
A hunger specialist told you and human rights body yesterday in a summary previously reported studies on health and Iraq.
You can't complain about the health there because there isn't any.
Now nutrition which is exacerbated by lack of clean water and adequate sanitation is a major killer of children in poor countries.
Children who survive are usually physically and mentally impaired for life and more vulnerable to disease.
The situation facing Iraqi youngsters is a result of the war led by coalition forces.
They said Jean Ziegler, you and human rights commission's special expert.
She said her previous targets have included Swiss banks.
China, Brazil, Israeli, primitive Palestinians.
Overall, more than a quarter of her Iraqi children, no kidding off the eat.
The US delegation of the coalition countries declined to respond to its presentation which compiled the finding of studies conducted by the specialist.
They just are mum, you know. How we got them to say that?
No, we don't know nothing about it.
Right? Right.
Things are hunky donkey. In fact, on CBS they're okey dokey in Iraq.
In Iraqi? Yeah, okey dokey.
Seriously, he ought to be taken out to the okey for nokey swams.
Remember Miller's crossing? Yes.
How they took the guy out into the woods? Yes.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
Somebody QIM? Hello?
Not there. What a shock. Somebody QIM? Hello?
You know, good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir.
A couple quick things. I'm I could not believe that George Bush that I keep you and talk about this very silent thing.
Referensible number two. The Pope looks like a rabbi number three. How David go away? Goodbye.
Oh, man. He touched all the bases there, huh?
Oliver. The Pope looks like a rabbi, he said.
And I'm not with that color beanie on, though. I don't think you see a rabbi with, um, with a pink beanie like that.
And probably you're going to say you're fair. Yeah.
I never saw no rabbi with a pink beanie. Although the Pope be sure his color coordinated.
You know, not all those get skis over there, man. They got the they got the green. The green ones are my favorites.
Oh, those are beauties. You know, I'm talking about like, yeah, but I like the red ones.
The real plush velvet, the thick green and the red ones. Oh, man.
Real thick velvet. And of course the altar boys every now and then get a whole bit of a say connect be felt.
And unfortunately, usually it is sometimes by the swish guard.
W, W Q a m. Hello. I just punched about seven lines Q a m. Hello.
I know. Yes. Yeah. I asked a question about the Godfather. My favorite subject. Please go right ahead.
This is not for the intensive radio man.
And very much. Yes. You were talking about.
So let's go for some reason. He wasn't a civilian, but they they referred to him as a turk or something.
Yeah, he's a turk. Very good with a knife, but only that is a business.
Well, he was because they were like.
Oh, so there was a turk. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there could be Italians in Turkey.
You don't you think he spoke Italian? But yes, well, wait a minute.
Let me ask you this. Are the Italians in America? Of course there are.
Are the retines of America who speak Italian? I'm sure. Well, there you go. All the words name did end in the point there. So also.
I don't know what I'm going to check it out. Yeah, really.
It's a. I'm going to check it out.
It's really a lower life like a lower life than in a civilian.
You know, upper class of millions. Let's check it out.
We'll check it out. We'll do some very heavy duty investigation on it. Do you think? Huh? No. Oh.
Make some sense to me though, but they before doing is the turk. Remember they were having that meeting?
They discussed it when you want to get them involved in the drugs and that white powder.
A lot of money. There's a lot of money in that white powder. Remember that?
Oh, you mean to tell me that you're going to guarantee you and remember that?
Remember that?
I think I think I got that.
When he says sometimes they might they talk and I don't have that. I thought I had that.
Oh, yeah, no, here it is. I do have it.
I thought when they should listen. Yeah, we got to hold. I was sent to my witness.
My children I spoiled and as you can see.
I thought when they should listen. Yeah, and if you didn't like them, we'd begin with a G.
Here's one. Where is your line of trade?
You idiot. I'm telling you that you could work with men. What's your hired for?
It's to help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living?
You're a company man. You're a ferry.
Yeah, I think that was a conversation between one of our salespeople and Stiffy when he first came on board.
Like about a week ago. 5.6705.60, 0.560 and he's rising in singular right on the spot.
He's doing a hell of a job that guy. WDQAM. Hello.
What? WDQAM. Hello.
I'm going to have my eyes shut.
Okay, WDQAM. Hello.
WDQAM. With the radio turn way up in the back.
Going once. Going twice.
I'd hate to miss out on this one. I bet she's going to be really good.
Hello. Hey, that one's pretty full.
Yes, sir. The higher-pally guy.
Excellent choice. Dave Friedman. Get him on there.
The higher-pally guy you can put on there.
All right. What do you say?
Oh, and you know what I forgot to play?
What did you forget to play? I forgot to play.
Oh, yeah. In honor of my close personal friend who hates me like 20 years.
Down through such a joint back when it goes.
I just wish his daughter and the daughter of the tattoo goes.
He said honey got fun to go to you.
So when you make him a back, it's a surprise.
Go. Go. Go.
Go. That's it.
Go.
Take your clothes off you bitches.
I'm gonna hold you down that I can do with you.
Take it up a big roll of this back.
You can only buy the fell if you can't wear it that.
Go ahead.
Turn that down.
Turn that down.
Turn that down.
Turn that down.
Well he's got the little big fat guy.
She know how to make this all this bad.
Fat man takes you to the shower in the house.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Talk to you, again Mom, I'll see you soon.
And it's Michael Eisner, the Puts president.
Oh boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir?
I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare you had of going through.
I'm a forever-y-get me outta here.
What a smashing successor.
What?
It was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the demographies.
You know what, Eisner?
Say that.
I'm just happy.
It's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely missed toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
We must...
I'm on the phone with...
We must...
What the hell are you doing?
I'm kind of in trouble, ma.
Don't it quietly, Riemann.
That's not quiet enough, Riemann.
At Bluebird, stinks like an iron pit.
Sir, our May sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity, get me outta here too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
40 nights of I'm a celebrity, get me outta here.
You're killing me!
And the celebrities, ten times better.
Oh my god.
We got...
Hold on.
Riemann?
Riemann?
Take the harmonica, slide it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
We've got Bernie Capel.
Who?
Bernie Capel, the doctor from the love boat.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my god, she's terrible!
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Oh, oh, I am in it.
Is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake, you can't put him on there.
And...
Hold on.
Three minutes.
Three minutes.
I...
Here you go, the girl.
Riemann, I'm on the phone.
Here you go.
Stop drilling!
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, both.
What's wrong with my old condenser?
It's your lucky-em shot.
My shallack-em shot.
It's right, it's right, it's right, it's right.
Oh, it's new one.
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we have some major illicit service.
We got Scott Bacchewer and Leonard Neemoy.
Even Riemann doesn't remember Leonard Neemoy.
You're a new boss.
Riemann, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, boss, but he was one of those days.
I'm sorry, my god.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Riemann, I thought I told you to put that harmonic off your butt.
Sorry, I bought it, boss.
Oh, so far in the office, Riemann.
What the poor boys come at?
They can't...
I'm saying it wasn't good that we didn't have any audio of Riemann's farting there.
We'd be in deep doodoo, you know?
Yes, hopeful.
So this is great.
Yeah, the reason I haven't played a lot of those is because they're in here under, like, for the slash, you know what I mean?
Right.
As opposed to where I thought they were.
So I apologize profusely.
We'll do a lot of Mickey and the stars and stuff.
Maybe all day tomorrow after the rings come out.
887 votes on a poll today other than politicians whose death you most eagerly await.
Jerry Falwell 294.
Terry Shivell 138.
Just to get it over with already.
And she did it 905 this morning, too late.
The Pope 112.
Mohawar David at 65.
Neil Rogers 52.
Mohawar is open up a 13 vote lead on me.
But I'm right on his tail.
My own 49.
49 suicidal people out there.
And after talking to many of them, it's easy to understand.
Oh, Jay's got 30, man.
How do you like that?
50, 27.
My mother-in-law 24.
Wresley, the boss 21.
I miss 18.
The Iman.
Bob Noel, back 12.
My spouse 11.
Little George 8.
Scott Peterson 6, Reverend Jones, four George Stimer and her foe.
Greg Reed 3.
My ex spouse 3.
Prozac Ron 3.
Father Shanley 2.
Benny Hinn 1.
And so far, Dave Friedman and Paul Crotch have got the big.
Bye, bye, bye.
