That's a good idea.
That's somebody needs to.
The game auto wasn't found.
Yeah.
Big rivalry.
Not that, but auto was good.
Yeah, BM will be back.
Brian Murray will be there to coach you.
Of course, you could coach that team.
So you'll see one of the better teams in the league.
Well, nobody's going to be there.
It's a 17,000 they said they did have
17,000 and they blew the lead in the third period and had to win on a power play in overtime.
Yeah, but they won.
I think I have two wins in a row.
If they could play little girls teams like the Caps in the Black Hawks every day,
they'd have a pre-and a Pankwoods, they'd have a pre-decent record.
Yeah, you could say that about the Thoth and Stu.
Well, was there any doubt about that?
They had to come back to win that game.
Let me tell you right now.
If ever there was a script that you could see unfolding right before your eyes,
you could smell like coming a million miles away.
So thank you, Gustav.
You're right for getting your bell wrong, Zulf and Fed.
Zulf and Fed's not going to be sending them money.
Thanks for getting injured because if he'd have stayed in the game,
they wouldn't have a childment's chance in purgatory.
Yeah, that is correct.
But that Rosenstein house sky, where he's really something.
He's king.
He's sage.
Yep.
Hey, sorry with me.
I took four five points.
You know, dolphins were five point favorites.
Well, I can't knock my Patriots.
They covered a spread in a very bizarre and very...
So many bad games.
I think there were a couple of good games.
There was a good game.
It was a 90 Pittsburgh game was good.
So was Kansas City Denver?
Kansas City Denver was outstanding.
Nice going Kansas City.
Yeah, we had them.
Yeah.
Those things were important to me.
And I told you the Patriots covered a spread,
but you wouldn't pay attention to that game.
No, I didn't bother with that one.
No, yeah.
I had other winners.
Well, that's good.
So...
You know, the jets are horrible.
I mean, they are horrible.
They're kidding.
They're the worst team in the league.
They could be.
Right along with San Francisco and maybe Arizona.
I think Arizona is better than...
No, I take it back.
Right along with New Orleans.
So many bad teams in so little time.
You know what?
Yeah.
That wouldn't be surprised now if the front-running phone is just saying,
we're talking super bowl.
What a great comeback.
Yeah, they're deluding themselves.
This was our four-and-seven's beat.
They're four-and-seven's.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you could hear the gagging choking sounds coming from the bills.
Like I said, you could just...
You could do the math and see it unfolding, you know?
Yeah, well now, when that...
When he threw that interception,
and lost it through that interception on a three-yard line,
is there about the score again to make it 30-to-3?
Right.
And of course, that was that...
Or how about the sure-interception that would have been run back for a touchdown
that also would have made 30-to-1-3 or whatever it was, yeah.
It was that, and then there was Farad getting hurt.
Those were the keys to the game.
Well, if any team can find a way to lose,
that's what bad teams do.
They find a way to lose.
Exactly. That's why they were, you know,
forced to have a bad record.
That's correct.
So, next week, the dolphins have to play at San Diego.
Yeah, well, I don't want to make any predictions, but you can imagine.
Yeah.
Ugly.
Ugly, man.
It should be really ugly.
So, how'd you do this weekend?
I did not go to Mohawk because the 401 was snow covered on Saturday morning,
so instead I went to Woodbuy.
I didn't do too bad,
with losing my ass, made most of it back.
So, you didn't even have a good comeback, huh?
It's supposed to be a big snow storm in the Northeast this weekend.
Not here tonight, rather.
We don't have any snow here, and we have no coming.
No kidding.
New York is supposed to get hit.
Well, they deserve it.
Yep.
Too many Jews there anyway.
Too many Orthodox Jews in Brooklyn,
thrown bricks at everybody else's house.
Yeah.
Tired of them.
Tired of all them Gitchkees,
with their big hats.
Just like on, just like on,
Arthur Godfrey Road, Miami Beach,
in the summertime, in the middle of July,
and all the Gitchkees are walking around.
They got those coats that weigh 40 pounds.
Talk about people that smell bad.
Can you imagine?
Oh, yeah.
Can you imagine getting downwind of those Gitchkees?
Okay, so you would not be happy down here right now,
or you would be particularly happy on that.
I mean, at any time.
Yeah, but now all the bad drivers are in town.
Yeah.
Oh, that's a screw.
What a concept.
Yeah.
Now, all the time,
I lie on a Hasez, the attorney's house.
No, it's not that bad in the summer, but, yeah.
Now, it's just brutal.
Probably some Quebec-wise,
some of them frogs from Quebec.
That's a big goal.
I want to tell you how obnoxious those people are.
Do you know that the,
it's not just the language that they want separate.
It's not everything else that they want separate,
but they also now,
they want to have their own Canadian junior hockey team
for the Olympics,
for a French-French-Canadian,
to play in the Olympics.
And they're even talking about the Canadian,
the regular Olympics,
through the adults.
Like, we got to have a French-Canadian team.
Oh, and before I forget,
this is just like last week all over again,
where the Harold has one article in the Sun Senthal's
got one totally contradictory.
Same thing again.
The Harold says,
don't bet on a slot deal from the Olympics.
Oh, I saw that.
Right.
That was by Mary Ellen Kloss.
I don't know where she gets her information from,
because she is totally wrong.
And then,
we got the Sun Senthal article today
that says,
a slot's regulation tops
and special session of legislature,
and it goes on about Alan Solomon said this,
and Alan Solomon said that,
I'd be put about either.
So we'll see.
I don't know.
I think the Harold story,
I never count my slot machines
until they were functioning.
No, but I talked to a couple of legislators last week.
A couple of guys who were pretty high up.
Yeah.
And then,
what I heard was totally
antithetical to what was in the Harold.
Well, it makes sense.
If it's in the Harold,
you know it's probably full of crap.
Yeah.
Certainly is.
Anything else?
Not that I can think of.
Yeah.
Hahaha.
That's incredible.
Oh, yeah, there's nothing going on.
No.
That's how many are it's the holidays?
This is Season 2B jolly.
We got Geldon from Motodemo.
I guess did the game in Pittsburgh.
I told you it's a season of Be jolly.
Mo-go did the game in Pittsburgh.
So we got Geldon today
from the Yentos Center
to preview that big,
hockey game.
I guarantee it,
there won't be 4,000 people there.
I guarantee it.
In fact, I'm going to record that game
and I'm going to watch every scene in slow-mo.
I'll tell you what.
You know, yesterday the Dolphin game,
I looked up after the second score.
We came three and a half minutes into the game.
Right.
And I don't know if people left earlier
or they just ever came to star with,
but there was nobody in those seats.
I always thought that that game wasn't blacked out.
But they must have pulled some kind of a scan
to get the...
Tellers in the station
what they said was the last 2,000.
But people just aren't going.
What can you blame them?
No.
Well, they would have fun yesterday.
They're not real fans in the first place.
You have to have a real fan base
in order to support a losing team.
Do you see Carl Heissens' column yesterday?
It was on our website.
It was pretty good.
Yeah.
About the real cost of the stadium.
Oh, no, I'm talking about an en route
about Las Vegas.
About the Netherlands.
Yes.
That's that's the one.
Yeah.
Well, in it, it got into what the real cost of the stadium
was going to be here.
How the gap kept getting wider and wider.
And, you know, all the untruths...
This food was very good.
Yeah.
Put it on our website.
So it must have been sensational.
Because I usually don't...
Don't pay too much attention to Carl.
It's funny how...
It doesn't write a good column
two or three times a year, and that's about it.
But it's funny how he gets it right
and the other guys at that newspaper don't.
Yeah.
You know, we don't have to make any paper
guys in town to get anything right.
Fred Grimm writes food column about twice a year,
and that's it.
Chica writes a good column, you know, and...
What was the year...
Did you write the year on your sleeve when that was?
What was the last one he wrote that was a good column?
I just said that to get you something to talk about.
Oh, he writes his puff pieces about TV network talk shows
that like I said, his column could be in Peoria, Illinois.
Or is it from Michigan?
It would make a bit of difference.
He writes nothing about local.
He writes that he's a one-trick pony.
And maybe that's what their pandem is.
I don't know, but he sure is hell.
And he gets all bent out of shape that I rip him on a ear for.
But it's the truth.
He's got the nerve a couple of few years ago to give a song to dance about
how am I going to keep in touch by doing the show out of town.
You know, I'm out of touch.
And yet, what difference does it make in his case?
Because he isn't writing anything local anyway.
Today's got another piece about some stupid ass sci-fi show
that nobody's going to watch anyway.
Tom, you're wasting everybody's time.
You're wasting an ink over there for some central, okay?
Write something local for once in your life.
Christ.
And anyway, so you did get me going.
And when you're slow, what are you going to push him over the edge of the press box?
We want to have everybody there to cover that.
They have to open the window.
Huh?
They have to open the window.
Oh, yeah. I've got a little news.
It's official that you can bet Gulfstream at Calder.
So.
Well, I see into your Gulfstream trips.
I guess you and Ralewampy haven't any encounters up there anymore.
No.
That was in Highly.
That was Highly it.
Yeah.
Well, where does he go now?
He must go somewhere to plunge his guts out.
Ralew?
Yeah.
Probably go to the hammer.
Yeah, he goes to the track.
He'll be a Gulfstream, I'm sure.
Well, that's another reason to stay away from there.
Calder is a nice, friendly track.
You know, we were talking George on Fridays said something about how he loves macaroni and cheese.
Yeah.
And I told him the cafeteria calder has got the best macaroni in the team.
Yeah, that's right.
I used to get that all the time there.
Man, it was so good.
The food there is excellent.
They still have it there.
They still have it there.
I'm sure they do.
Yep.
And if you go up on a six floor, the sub sandwiches up there are just fantastic and everything is good.
I wonder if five old lady friends are still there.
Probably not.
Probably dead by now.
You know what?
I haven't seen her at Calder, but she works at Gulfstream.
Really?
I know exactly who you're talking about.
Well, I wish I could remember her name.
It's just a sweet heart.
Yep.
She works on the first floor at Gulfstream Latino Lady.
Oh, no.
This is not the Latino Lady.
Is it Mickey?
Mickey's the only one.
Oh, Mickey.
Yeah, I know Mickey too.
Yeah.
Mickey was one of them and I can't remember who the other one was.
Well, that's Mickey is still there.
She's still there.
I'll be damned.
I wonder if Lester Greenshire is still there at the time.
Fifteen bullets and she's still around.
I'll tell you, it was not a fit track anymore.
Did I ever talk to you about Ernie?
I don't think you knew Ernie.
No.
The guy I used to sit in the stands and call a race out loud before the race.
Oh, he was, huh?
That's like Fred Capicella.
Yeah.
Fred Capicella, after you get fired.
Oh, my God.
Speaking of Gino Capiletti, which isn't Fred Capicella, but speaking of that.
Yeah.
Yesterday, because Capiletti's now a radio broadcast over the Patriots.
And when Adam Venteteri kicked a field role that broke his record for most poor career
points as a Patriot, he got up and saluted him and they showed it on the camera.
Yeah, it was great.
How did you get that?
As a whole, for your buddy Bob Greasy and all the other uptight dolphins who are peeing in
their pants about Indianapolis have an undefeated season.
That's a little class.
Nice going, Gino.
I think the dolphins will be the first to congratulate the other ones.
No, they won't be.
Maybe publicly.
They'll be doing a Masonic handshake.
You know what?
I don't think I'll tell you why it's probably got a voodoo doll.
I'll tell you why they aren't that upset about this because it brings attention to what
they did every year.
No, no, no, they're uptight.
I'm getting back to Ernie of the track.
Yeah.
He was the best.
He acted like a crazy person in the stands and then he would talk to you and say, who
do you like this, right?
You're like a very normal person but they would sit and say, they're not.
They're racing and he'd set make up all these names and they just, I think I told you
the story about Fred Capacilla used to hang out in the press box at Hylia long after he
was retired.
And he'd stand in the corner with his head over the last time.
No.
He could do that in San.
Well, yeah, but the whorries would break in here.
This voice coming out of the corner and they're off.
Every race.
Yeah.
Well, for us to have it, you know, it was probably way down to does that too.
Asking if they maybe he does that as well.
Dave's still calling races.
Not at the metal ends anymore though.
No, but he does a lot of radio stuff.
Yeah.
Well, when you get to be 90 like us, you have to slow down that workload a little bit plus
he's got.
He doesn't need the money, believe me.
He's got more money than God.
Yeah.
He invested in a play that did pretty well.
Yeah.
The producers.
I'll be damned.
Yep.
And every time it plays somewhere, he gets a cut.
Not bad.
Well, a lot of people have a good scam going, you know what?
That's a weenie.
There's the phone.
That means probably one of my discs is downstairs.
Either that or maybe it's Ed McMahon with my 10 million Canadian dollars.
Well, I'll be listening today.
A lot of paid 24 million here Saturday, but needless to say, I didn't get it.
I won 10 bucks.
Nobody hit it here.
I guess this week.
24 million.
One guy didn't.
Can't stand it.
I'm letting out.
Have a good day.
Anything else going on?
No.
I'm just going to listen to your show.
Okay.
Okay.
It ought to be very illuminating.
Not, well, the illuminati might be on.
Well, maybe Clarence will come running with some, who knows.
All right.
Well, there's a great day.
Don't lose him much.
You've got to pace yourself for the week.
Yeah.
And this is P.Val signing off.
See ya.
Bye.
He's fans.
You're Miami here releasing a limited supply of previously held seats for sale in the general
public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday, October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
This is the day individual tickets go on sale for all these home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets the new HIT SWAT with Shaq B.Way!
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
He's in Williams and the problem blows as thought of a bill.
Oh!
Tivo lets you control how you watch TV.
But wouldn't you like to have that same control over your own existence?
You can with Life Tivo.
Honey, do these jeans make me look fast?
Uh, yeah, kinda.
What?
Use Life Tivo to rewind over stoop in the stanks.
Honey, do these jeans make me look fast?
Oh, honey, you always look great.
Oh, I love you.
Life Tivo lets you fast forward through the boring parts.
Welcome, parishioners, to Sunday morning mass.
Masses ended.
Go in peace.
You can even use Life Tivo to replay your favorite life moments over and over again.
Oh, baby, you're the best.
Oh, baby, you're the best.
Life Tivo, you'll never live life the same way again.
You're the best.
Oh, baby, you're the best.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby, you're the worst.
It's 12 past 10 already.
Happy Monday to December 5th.
A day that'll live in infamy.
Got some interesting stuff going on.
I don't know what it is though.
Let's see, here's the facts for today's poll from Pedro.
Good choice, Pedro.
Can't stay at radio crime.
We'll get to that.
Yeah, that's what we need to do.
The break right off the bat.
Right from the get-go, don't we?
Get-go.
Right out of the box, as they say.
Anyway, Armstrong forward, one of the RNC.
It's just 12 to only.
I see.
I think this sales department is doing a job that I don't think there are any words that
Joyce would let us say on here to describe the job that they're doing.
I better not do that piece of copy because it says 12 to only.
Yeah.
Although, thank-you always, you know, uninvolved and, you know, keeps his distance.
So like I said, forget what I just said.
Truth is, when you dare to compare, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
And South Florida, the only Ford dealer in the shop, that is Armstrong, Ford or Homestead.
The holidays are here.
Maybe your car was damaged during the Hurray King.
Or maybe just want a great new ride.
Well, not as the time to get on down and see our friend David Rich.
And let David put you behind a wheel of the new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford, Homestead, they got some great offers and incentives.
You know, $1,000 cash back or financing is low as 0% on a Ford 500 to freestyle.
Get $5,000 cash back on Explorer expedition.
How about $2,000 cash back on a scape and $2,500 cash back on focus?
Certain restrictions apply.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll also get on top of all these good deals.
There were exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff will treat you great because they're locally owned and operate.
They want to see you again and again and again and again for life.
And they'll give you the best price it's guaranteed in town.
You won't get a better deal on the Ford any place, so why waste the time?
Called David Rich at 305-24751-12.
And tell me what the neal deal, whatever that is.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead at 307-25 South Dixie highway, 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the wicked web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then drive a few miles extra if it is for you.
But you'll save thousands for doing it at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-A.
Holy mackenaw, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
This is an ABC News special report.
Let's go to President Bush. He's in Asia addressing the Chinese president.
And in fact, I am, he's in this nation, and this is an api-dap.
Pada!
Analyze seasonal food garab, speaking Chinese.
Oh, is he stuttering English?
He sent Mexicans to Dada.
Bogra, say.
The Chinese is a little rusty.
But the Chinese president just called George Mr. Puppy pants.
The right time now is going to be on the list.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
Since 17, if you're looking at a Sunset and a little story online,
I don't know about the newspaper.
I say, God, the newspaper is my hand.
And you probably don't either because you don't read the newspaper.
Right.
But where it says, slots regulation tops in special session of Florida legislature,
unlike the Herb article, which is like, as Hank said, full of crap.
But there is a picture next to the story.
Alan Solomon from Pompadoparks says, this, and Alan Solomon says that,
and but a bit, but a bit.
And the picture shows people playing, guess what?
At some casino somewhere.
Yeah.
Playing slots?
Well, of course slots.
What game?
Oh, we were fortunate.
There you go.
I just thought I mentioned that.
I'm definitely soon murp-gripping, and vant-a-white, and patch-ha-jack.
It's addictive, and they all ought to be in jail.
The best fast food of all we asked on the Friday.
Well, it seems like only five minutes ago Friday, doesn't it?
Was there a weekend or not?
I'd believe it did.
How about those dolphins?
We love the dolphin.
That, that, that, that, that.
That's, uh, sage Rosen, the crant, steen.
Man, he's the best.
Was that incredible or what?
I bet he even Joshua's underwhelmed by that.
I was shocked.
There was, I was not.
I knew it.
I smell, I smelled it.
I knew who's at it.
And it was the bills, and I could smell it.
Being an upstate New Yorker myself.
In fact, when you live here, you can smell Buffalo upstream, man.
It comes right across the lake.
Well, man.
It's bad.
The best fast food is at Wendy's, 214 Old Bean, 214.
I have a triple with cheese and onions, and that's it.
Wonderful.
What, it's just, what, it's just the, you know, those big rolls of real, no, no, that's the
add that they run, and I have a, this is, I have a triple with cheese, you know, like,
you know, like, you know, it's the American way.
How about a, a quintuple with, uh, extra cheese and with like, uh, mayo?
It's just injecting the lard into right and right.
That's a good idea.
Well, we like Wendy's.
I do.
I don't need ever eat it.
It's what I voted for.
They're all over town here, but I don't, I don't, I've went there, I think once.
The prize are nasty.
You know what I don't like about Wendy's?
The prize?
No.
I don't need fries anyway.
Okay.
I don't like the fact that they cooked those, uh, burgers and then they like, um, they put
them like off to the side.
Oh, yeah, they, if you, if you don't go at the right time, when they've been freshly cooked,
the meat is as dry as cardboard.
Like, it's going on a cardboard box.
They kind of pre-cook them a little bit and then they, yeah, they're going to form them back up.
And then they finish it off.
Right.
I see.
I don't want no chickens.
Spicy chicken.
Dude, don't eat today.
When you get to be, when you get to be about, I would say, you've been Jewish.
You've been had enough chicken for a lifetime.
I don't want no more chicken.
Oh, I do like chicken in a Chinese restaurant.
Although, I don't think anymore.
I'm thinking now, maybe not a good idea.
The best fast food Wendy's 214, all fast food blow is 197.
Boy, I hate this poll 181.
Did I tell you those two would do very, very well?
Yeah.
The negative crowd.
Those are the people who left after was 21, nothing after one quarter yesterday.
They left too bad.
Na na na na na na.
You left, didn't you?
Losers.
Troyo Tropical 158.
Stake in Shake 134.
They must be making a comeback because, boy, they really went south there for a while with their meat was falling apart.
Taco Bell 131.
That should have been up a lot higher.
Taco Bell is under what's not to like?
If you don't like the Schmere greasy beans, don't eat the beans.
I don't.
Exactly.
No beans.
No important.
When you go to Taco Bell say, I have six burrito supreme with no beans, please.
14 tacos, no beans.
Las Padas won away.
That was a late addition and evidently, no josh is eaten there and he raves about it.
It's good.
In fact, we said that we decided this week we're going to try and get some subs from Las Padas brought in for the gang.
That'd be nice.
Yeah.
Quiz nose 102.
Also went from Malay to start, moved up there.
Quiz nose is good.
Subway 77, I see Chick-fil-A 73, RB 61, Popeye 60, Popeye's cheekin' man.
Now the white people needed Popeye's.
I guess white people needed killer flu chicken, KFC.
Right.
And dark folks needed Popeye's or what's the other one?
Churches.
Churches chicken.
Anyway, Subway 77, Chick-fil-A 73, RB 61, Popeye 60, 90 steps 52, McDonald's only 38,
Salamente 20, Ocho.
Checkers 36, KFC 31, Killer flu chicken, Burger King 25, Crystal 16, and that's the reason it would've had more,
except there's only that one in South Florida that I know of.
Right.
As far as I had the sunrise in Power Line, I believe.
Right.
And W 16, which there aren't too many of those around no more.
Now what do you like best?
Amama Burger, the Popeye Burger or the team burger?
Oh, well, hey, I like the poor burger.
The baby burger for Bill and Miss Kamal.
Papa Burger, baby.
Pizza on 16 and Churches chicken had only 11, so that probably only 11 because, you know, we don't have the many dark folks listening and the ones that do they can't afford no a PC, so.
1737 votes.
Now the poll for today that we, uh, didn't, did you start it or not?
I'll just go get it.
I'm trying to keep track.
Is this one for today or the one for tomorrow or the one for tomorrow?
Who the hell does?
Oh, I don't know.
I'm lost.
We're keeping ourselves guessing though.
I'm lost.
Well, I, when you least expected I come in here and have Eric's got already to stick on here.
It's like, uh, I'll, no.
I'll see what kind of mood I'm in.
I want the Patriots submitted that win last night.
I thought, okay, I'm in a pretty good mood.
I'll put the new pool on.
Against the little girls team.
Pretty embarrassing.
I mean, Josh, when your team just squeaks by a little girls team.
Yeah, it was looking pretty bad there for you for a while.
Why is that?
Well, was it three, three like most of the game?
No, not most of the game.
They're a little slow-started.
They want to, they want to embarrass the jets.
See, one thing if you start fast like Buffalo, then you peter out by half time.
You're all done.
But if you like start, you know, kind of get the lead of the land and feel things out.
Ready had a good day, 27 out of 30, 70 out of fine day.
There's nothing wrong with that man.
Uh, I can't stand.
And the reason I put no individuals is because otherwise.
And well, what's the point?
You know, George Bush, Marshland, I'm tired of that already.
As much as we agree, I'm sick of it.
All they want to do is just take another shot at our four present and vice present.
And uh, Secretary of Defense and Condor Leaser and all these other losers.
Condor loser.
I can't stand.
Religious nuts, 265.
That was my vote.
I can't stand it.
I'm tired of Getski's man.
I'm sick of it.
And this business, there's a story I got a little later on, which maybe some of you saw.
You know, ABC News is the Christ channel.
Did you know that?
I noticed that and that's why I avoid it.
I never, I've never watched him before and I guarantee I'll never watch him again.
I'm going back to Brian Williams with his funky teeth.
I'm going back to NBC.
Right.
Because at the end of every newscast, every night they got some story about Christian video games and Christian movies and Hollywood and Christianists.
Well, guess what?
I guess Disney's now trying to make up for lost time, you know what?
I guess they're trying to make good for that movie priest that they put out.
Right. They're trying to get right with the Lord.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow you'll get the way of the gun.
I ordered it for you.
All right.
Sweet.
I can't stand religious notes 267 South Florida driver 74 in the Humpers says right now they're worse than during the summertime because all the
snowbirds are there.
All of a sudden Illinois.
I've been seeing Illinois tagging in the way even more than the most of the news in Illinois.
Yeah, probably from downstate, probably from a spring field.
They just discovered us and they were the word spread.
The US government 63 can't stand it.
See, that's the way it now giving an avenue there to take a little backhand slap there with this government.
New Yorkers 48, Phones 43 now.
Eric had a typo on her to be in.
I looked at my list.
I sent him in very clearly.
It says Phones here, but he put phones on there and it had a few votes.
We could put any word on there.
We get votes.
Phones 43, Loudmouth 38, people who stink 35.
Oh, God.
I don't know why I didn't vote for that.
People who smell bad.
I mean, why?
Why isn't this day and age?
Why do you?
I can understand the homeless people out on the street corner probably don't smell too good.
They're a little unsavory, especially this time of the year, but I don't go near them.
Spare some change, mister.
No, just get out of my way.
I'll kick your ass.
South Florida 34, Chris, when you saw kick your ass, did some old lady sit in there with no teeth.
This Pearl 27, I hate it.
Can't stand it.
Black people 24, drunk 24.
How about drunk black people?
Rednecks 20, how about drunk rednecks?
Which I, I'd say there's an awful lot of drunk rednecks, you know?
That's a little bit different.
Yeah.
His Spanish 18, Goi the Dennis 15.
How about if it's a Hispanic Dennis?
Jews 14.
My in-laws 8, being married 7, white people 4, sports and eras 1, and radio chronics 1, are 7.50, 65 already.
Man, are we off to a running offline start, aren't we?
We got that thousand watt and tea today.
It's a real feather in the other 10th of a bucket near his calf.
A couple of weeks, the bucks have to play to Patriots.
I think that game is in Tampa, is it not?
You don't know.
You're some fan.
You're such a mediocre, of course I should know too, but I'm a protector.
Well, look at that, Google it.
Okay.
Because let's see, the Patriots are got left.
They got the bills again.
I mean, the jets, the jets, the bills, the dolphins is lasking them in the bucks somewhere in between that.
And the Dammima game, lasking the season is in New England, in the snow, and boy, that won't be a pretty side sage.
27 past 10 at 5, 60, WM, I've been...
Guard?
I went everybody's head about the bed.
The bed, bed, bed.
The best of winner, winner, bed, bed, bed.
The bed is a win, winner, bed, bed, bed.
The bed is a win, winner, winner, winner.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
32, why does it have to be blazing off for the pool like this?
I can't stay and fill in the blank.
I'm sure we left off at least 40, 50,000 good choices.
Maybe not quite that many.
530,000 good choices.
I think 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Tom 5, 60, and he provides in singular Rylos lines.
Any bulldooms from inside the building yet or what?
No.
Now let me ask you this question.
I'm a little confused on this Mad Max.
What is that you were talking about before?
I was talking about Mad Max.
Yeah.
Mad Mike, Mad Max, what is it?
Mobile Mike.
No, see there you go again.
I try to like you a little...
Oh, you're...
No wonder they hate you like boys.
It's just unbelievable.
I thought you were going there.
Why would you be going there?
I'm not going there.
I don't even know what that is.
Let's go go there.
I said, Mad Max.
It's a Mad, and it's not a...
It's a Mad, Mad World.
Yeah.
Let's see.
That was the same record.
I'm looking about 200 feet above ground and he followed down.
Look at that on CNN.
There were two dogs lost in that town too, by the way,
since 7 o'clock this morning.
And we'll be having bulletins about that.
And we'd across be sent interviewing the dog owners tonight on MSNBC.
After issue finishes, what I'd check from Aruba.
Checking Aruba.
Dominic Huayan, hello.
Neo, how are you?
Yes, sir.
Do you have one for the photo of three voters?
Three voters already can't see that.
I think we have...
Not that we have anybody particular in mind.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I tell you why.
I was thinking of my tires and all these people.
They go in there just to have free confidence.
Keep refilling it and refilling it.
And if you put a pile of crap there, they'll go and eat it.
You know what I mean?
They'll be better than one.
I'm sure I'll do one.
Okay.
If you put a pile of crap there, they'll eat it well.
And so, look at that.
There's nothing on the phone, man.
I think we're done.
I think today, officially, they're off to the races.
They got bigger fish to fry than worry about calling us.
5, 6, 7.
Are we on the year today or what?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Or maybe they want to hear the bulletin' about Mad Max.
Count 5, 60, and they've rising and singing to Rival Slimes.
What's the wait for that six-minute delay to build up?
I can't stand.
Maybe we got all the choices on there, huh?
We got 802 vote.
Must be a lot of things they can't stand.
Like how about FP&L?
Should we put them on there?
Oh-ho.
Could we?
Could we please?
Line 9 is going to be bad.
QYM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'd like to add the cannonball run as maybe you have to watch.
Yeah, okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
What did I say about Line 9?
Retardo.
Retardo.
Now, now all of a sudden,
now that the 20-minute delay finally caught up,
we must be on a triple, the triple jump delay today.
It goes from, ever stood,
hooters to a chance.
To Michael a chance.
WDQ, I am, hello.
Okay.
What do you got?
How about, once in a while, the Pearl Howard David?
Yeah, like I said, no names.
Is that what we just said?
That's right, there's the reason.
George Bush, Mohawar David, no individual names.
Okay, I can't stand generic things.
Can you relate?
Can you understand the meaning of it?
No.
Of course not.
Schmuck.
WDQ, I am, hello.
QYM, hello.
Wayne Highs.
WDQ, I am, hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
When is the end?
When I'm sorry.
I missed part of the list.
Are fundamentalists on the list?
Well, regular number one is religious nuts.
I think you can put them in the category.
That'll fall if I then.
How about fortune talks, radio collars?
Got it.
Sports nerds, you know what I mean?
Sports nerds and radio products and sports nerds.
We have both of them.
I'm not taking any more calls this year, I think.
What?
But they've been so good.
No, I didn't.
Look, there's no point in pushing it.
That's why they were calling.
They got no material.
Why?
I mean, why push it?
I learned that a long time ago.
When you push it, that's been getting it.
But four hours of crap.
I don't want to put four hours of crap on a year of a day.
Let other people put on four hours of crap.
I'm not interested.
God, it's pathetic.
And this is so wide open.
And what do they do to start naming them?
That same old name.
Wayne Heisengum, all-Howard David,
George Bush, Shredick Cheney,
oh, man, you people are like the Humper said.
I'm just kissed it.
And the table, too, the counter here.
Then I left there.
Kiss the ground.
Every day that I'm, I don't care who got a foot of snow
and it's minus 18 Celsius.
I don't care.
Right?
Because there's more life than weather.
And believe me, you just live in South Florida for a while
and you'll discover that.
Although not that the weather show great anyway.
When the 85 Hurricanes in your house blown away,
it's like the three bears came to town.
Blown down your house and your roof
and the F.P.L. blows and all this other stuff.
Pathetic.
And you people, man, I got news for you.
Your material is so lame.
It's just on my worst day.
If I was still in bed,
if I was hooked up to the respirator like Perry Como on SDTV,
my favorite skit of all time.
He's singing from in bed.
He's got oxygen he's inhaling it.
It's impossible and he's laying there in a prone position, you know?
Find a reason.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, that's enough.
Hey, Perry.
And he was, he's still dead.
Now, was that guy a teller?
What?
He started out as a barber and then he became a singer key, as they say.
That's what the Japanese call a singer key.
You know, we're saying in the same key, the key of dull.
No, no, no.
He was kind of like the Dave Ann Boring of music, just coma inducing.
By the way, Gellie, before that game, now Gellie will be on
from the Bank of Atlanta Center.
Please call him up and tell him to put you up those broadcasts.
You know, I heard little bits and pieces and I, you know,
trying to give him the benefit of the doubt.
I thought he was doing pretty good, but he needs to, you know,
generate some excitement.
Even when the winner, that's your job, Gellie.
Make it a sighting.
And show for the team.
Don't forget about that.
They made it very clear.
I read Barry Jackass on Friday.
Oh, yeah, we want you to bring a positive spin that we're telling Dave Strader
and Denise Potman, I'm sure Gellie the same.
And so he asked, Red, you're Randy.
Yeah, I'm not saying bring a positive spin, but at least make the game exciting.
Don't act like a, like a overgrown child, although in his parents'
country, he has to act.
You know, no matter who scores the goal, it's an exciting moment in a hockey game.
And you can't like sound like you're pouting like, oh, G, the editing is going to get out of
the career.
You know, like that.
You can't do that, Gellie.
Call him and give him some instruction.
Call him, tell him to listen like Joe Bowen and Mike Lang and Rick Jenneret and Bob Cole
and some of the real hockey announcers, okay?
Instead of this, whatever.
I just don't understand this market, man.
It's just like Jimmy Sirfillis, the same thing.
Did he have any qualification to be broadcasting the dolphin game?
None.
Zero.
Other than he used to play on the team.
I mean, that's not a qualification to be a play-by-play broadcaster.
It's so demeaning to the profession.
It's just unacceptable is what it is.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
Now, what do we got here?
And please add to today's poll, Stupid People.
Oh, yeah.
What's the timing?
I said, first, what's your call?
Stupid People.
I think it was fired.
Yeah.
Man, it probably inspired the facts here.
I said, excellent job, Mr. or Miss...
...factor.
So, what's this about Mad Max?
Look, now is the roadward.
Has the parents been in there since the beginning of the show?
No.
Well, why not?
I guess nothing's happened.
Well, we need to find out.
There's some stuff going on that we can't pass along to,
but there's some internessing stuff inside.
All kinds of stories on the street.
You know, like in the gut fire, there are some kinds of stories on the street.
In fact, some people have seen these already did.
The Santino could all bend out of shape.
Especially, huh?
Yeah.
Especially that right on the causeway.
That amount of time.
Like, was it taken by poor?
Yeah, I loved the way when the toll taker, like,
Yeah, it was just what he ducks down and he was like,
no, no, no, no.
Right, even those movies.
Anything unusual happening, you better hit the floor fast.
Arkansas, man, scales the White House fence.
You see this?
No.
A man from Arkansas.
I wonder if he was one of that, maybe probably Russia will be talking about how Bill Clinton put them up to it.
I'm sure he did.
A man from Arkansas scaled the fence around in the White House Sunday,
while President Bush was inside and was immediately captured by Secret Service Officers.
That's the manager of the fence, not the president.
Secret Service folks, men, Jonathan Cherry.
I wonder if he's skinned to die in Cherry.
Identified the jumper is Sean A Cox.
Cherry said Cox has been charged with unlawful entry.
Was expected to appear in the United States District Court.
Cherry said he didn't know where Cox was from in Arkansas or why he wanted to get in the White House grounds.
He did not have a weapon, Cherry said.
Bush was at home when Cox climbed the fence on the northeast side of the property around lunchtime.
Should have invited him in for lunch.
Probably one of his tax-paying constituents out there.
Invite him in for lunch.
See what his grab star.
See what's on his mind.
Reach out to America, okay?
Instead of this uptight hysterical...
What is it?
Uniform Secret Service officer.
I thought it said uninformed.
Uniform Secret Service officer said that with guns drawn on,
agent escorted Cox to a guard station.
Cox was wearing a sweatshirt.
He was unshaven and his pants were wet and dirty from where he was brought to the ground.
He didn't answer a journalist question about why he jumped the fence.
You heard the bridge jumpers.
Here's a fence jumper at the White House.
I can't stand religious nuts as leading the way by far.
I'm really shocked.
I'm pleased but shocked.
288.
We can't stand you people and we can't stand ABC News.
You should already rot in hell and make up your mind who your anchor is by the way.
I've said it makes a difference.
ABC News blows.
Peter Jennings is turning over in his grave in hell.
He's starting to beg for a sodium D on music.
He says a big improvement over what they turned ABC News into.
The God Squad.
I'm sure it's a Disney Repentance.
Get Mickey on the phone and see what he's got to say about it.
819 vote on there.
Nobody for FPR yet.
Nobody for free loaders.
They'll all get theirs.
Religious nuts 289.
And for the holidays, let me give you our message one that we do every year.
All your kids out there, there's no Santa Claus.
Oh, in this business about trying to take Christmas away.
This is the latest fall well insanity.
And Pat Robertson.
They're trying to take Christmas.
Listen, have all your Christmas trees.
This is where some of the people go overboard.
Christmas doesn't have to be religious.
It's just a festival.
It's like, you know, it's a threat.
It's like Tannuka.
It's an event.
So this business about a Harlem A3 or a take your holiday tree and stick it.
Stick it in the old moonshine.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Mad Mike, how's Mike moonshine?
This is Neil Roger and Stanley Ellie Gray.
This is 560 QA.
Oh.
Not such a long time ago in a desert not far far away.
One soldier stood eyeballs above the rest.
Jar Jar Head.
They shot the captain.
Who's in charge now?
Who's the Sergeant's at Jar Pints?
You're such a fellow now.
Or today?
War is hell.
And so is the very voice of Jar Jar Head.
You're such a joke when you're such a so.
Or today?
One, two, three, four, five.
That does it.
Shoot the sword.
Oh, use the hood, son, son.
Jar Jar Head.
In theaters Friday available for rent on Saturday.
How old?
And 47, a QAM.
And two o'clock we got guilty at the Bank of Yenthus Center because Moe is coming from Pittsburgh from his NFL broadcast yesterday.
And he had to work very hard.
That was a good game, by the way, Cincinnati beat the Steelers.
You see that one, Josh?
I did.
Why didn't watch the game, I saw the highest.
By the way, that game is good game.
Was Jacksonville and the Brownies?
Well, I didn't watch that one.
No, that was pretty good.
Brown's given all they could handle.
By the way, that game's in New England against everybody.
Oh, man.
You guys are in deep due due.
That'll be in the snow.
All right.
What week is that next week the bill?
Two weeks from now.
Next week I think they play the bills.
New England.
Am I right about that?
You should know.
I don't know.
Mad Dog, four to six thirty.
Another one of those tough two and a half hours shows.
And by the way, he won't be on tomorrow or Wednesday.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The scam with a century.
Oh, right.
Yeah, you bet.
Mad Dog today, you better enjoy it while you can.
You better tape it.
Now, let's see.
Thursday he's on it.
The seminal hard rock.
And then what about on Friday?
What's this other thing?
Oh, that's a fact for the opponent.
Where did he hold that come from?
I got so many copies of the schedule here.
I can't figure out what to who's on first.
Can you?
I've heard about you're eating food already, huh?
How about a BLT hoagie?
And then no mad Dog on Friday either.
So he's working a tough two days this week, which is really.
A wrap.
A wrap.
There you go.
Okay, what does this say here from some listeners or facts it says?
Please add telephone solicitors to your portal things I can't stand.
PSFM, I'm allowed a second.
Please allow the voice directories from hell that everybody talked to a real person.
Now let's let's stick with the telephone solicitors.
Well, maybe that's why the phones maybe that was getting votes say even though that is what I put on.
Erick with phones on air.
Come on, Eric.
Get with it.
Okay, sweetheart.
Fones my ass.
Can't stand phones.
I mean, how about cell phones?
What about cell phones?
How about people on cell phones?
All right.
Put that on there right away.
Can't stand.
Again, no individual names.
Can you?
That's why they can't handle this because that's all they know from.
I like hate this one.
I forget about it already.
Give it a rest.
Give it a rest.
Put your hate in a box somewhere and you have it a rest.
Well, there's some minorities on there for you to vote for.
Yeah, that's right.
They should satisfy everybody's hate.
Religious notes, 295.
We hate them.
Hope that God's smites, smotes, smites, smotes, smites them all.
A lot of smite and then smote and go on.
You know, so how is it in Paris coming in?
No.
South Florida driver 79, the US government's 70, New Yorker is 57.
Phonies 52.
Not Phones.
Phonies 52.
Well, we sure got a lot of those in this business.
Phonies, glad handers.
Loudmouth 41.
A lot of those in this business too.
You know, I mean loudmouths.
I can't stand people to talk.
We allowed.
People who stink 38.
How about loudmouths who stink?
South Florida 34.
This poll 31.
Black people 26.
Drunk 24.
Red next 21.
Hispanic 20.
Goi to the dentist 17.
Jews 15, especially if it's a Jew dentist.
Being married 8.
My in-laws 8.
Stupid people 5.
White people 4.
Sports nerds 2.
Radio Chronic 1.
And none yet for people on cell phones, telephone solicitors, FPL or Freeloters.
FPL doesn't have any.
Boy, how soon they forget, huh?
How's that possible?
They just went out there.
Not a little while ago.
I thought they'd go zooming up their FPL.
We hate you FPL now.
Okay, we wish that all your executives would be in a fiery crash with Karen, the Catherine Harris.
Well, by the way, do you hear about her plane?
No, we're about her.
Irvey Filisez was pointing at it saying, oh, oh, oh.
That was Irvey, of course.
Of course, is that Irvey Filisez or Irvey Fignon?
The former chairman and vice chairman of the 9-11 commission were, yes, today that the nation is ill prepared for another terrorist attack.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
You're government WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I'd like to have a suggestion for your phone, please.
Yes.
Definitely obese people.
They're very, very annoying people.
Get on my nerves.
I think it's bad people.
Okay.
Big fat people.
Well, that's just regular fat people.
It's almost everybody's fat.
He's talking about obese.
Let's just put obese people on you.
You don't say like, yeah, most of them are really a prodiger-breaking people.
Oh.
The bipartisan panel plans to issue a report today, assessing the federal government's response to the recommendations it made last year.
WQAM, hello.
I'm there.
So you got to hang on, because I'm interspersing.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, this whole attack on Christmas that on the right is trying to make up now.
We're thought it by yours through by...
You're truly...
No, not me.
It was thought it by Bill O'Reilly in the Fox News channel.
And it's being picked up now by Paul Well and all these other organizations.
And all these is basically from it and trying to build up.
So it'd be usually not down, because it's going to be like, hey, I'm against Christmas, also.
So they're basically trying to make something to distract from all this other bad stuff that's going against them.
Well, I ain't going to work.
Nobody's paying any attention to what they should do.
I hope that the pine needles pierce his head while he's making an obscene phone call.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, here, one last thing.
From years ago during the whole brand's current situation, one of the greatest phone calls you ever received was from...
I don't know if you remember this.
It was a black girl called in.
Called you Uncle Leo.
Do you remember that?
No.
I do.
That was real.
That was the best.
And she called in and then all of a sudden she was going back and forth to you and she was all of a sudden,
and all of a sudden her voice changed.
There was another guy got on the phone.
And I mean, it was the best radio.
Okay, well, I'm going to try to find him again.
Thanks, Polly.
All right.
Remember that?
I don't.
Well, I don't.
Uncle Leo?
He remembers way more about it than I do, but I remember some black chick called you Uncle Leo once.
Well, I'll be damned.
The group was created by Congress in 2002 and we maybe we have a new format here now.
We'd one paragraph then we take a call.
Another paragraph, another call.
What do you say?
To it.
Well, I don't want to take any more calls this decade.
Well, they want to talk to you.
The group was created by Congress in 2002 and investigating aspects of the terror attack on 9-11.
And it released its final report with a slew of recommendations in an nearly 570 page book in July last year in July.
70QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Leo.
Yeah.
I think Uncle Leo.
I think you may already have it covered under religious nuts and stupid people, but I was going to say intelligence designed.
Religious nuts.
Okay, then how about the local news?
Tom Kane, the Republican chairman of the committee told NBC's Meet the Press that enacting the changes is not a priority for the government right now.
A lot of things we need to do really to prevent it on 9-11.
Just aren't being done by the president or by the Congress.
In other words, they talk a good game, but it would be an effect that they're letting these switchplays back on their plane again starting last Friday.
This is just pathetic.
You see that?
Lives, sharp objects, as long as they're more than 15 feet long.
Samurai swords.
Right.
Machetes.
What we're concerned about now is that these recommendations, four years, more than four years after 9-11 are still not being done.
People are not paying attention to them, he said.
We handled in the committee's Democratic Vice Chairman predicted another attack will occur.
It's not a question of if and said our nation is not as well prepared as we ought to be.
And Kane said, God help us.
If we have another attack, we have done some of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
And of course, after seeing what happened in New Orleans, you can see that your government is really very well prepared to handle any of all emergencies.
And that they're going to be right there making sure that your safety is number one.
That's what they really care about.
Anybody buy that full crap?
No.
They couldn't give a crap less about any of us.
If we're not part of their neocon, religious, right, bubble-thumping, fundamentalist, oil drilling, lunatics, air polluting, world-destroying.
And if we're not part of that core of fascist, then screw all of us.
That's their attitude.
Make no mistake about it.
And they can put on all this big dog and pony show about, they're all concerned about this and they're trying to sell the war because they got into a basement of a pack of lies and now they have no way to get out.
That's what it's all about.
They're just dying to find a way to get that out.
Right?
But guess what?
Somebody said that they were like, proking a hornet's nest and once all the hornets get out, they're flying all around and you get stung.
And that's what's going on.
We're all getting stung and all kinds of people dying over there like every day.
And they just timing out a kind of chance in hell of getting out.
And the Democrats, of course, who most of whom voted for it, they also haven't got any idea how to get out.
So I'll tell you the best way to get out is bring the troops home. That's the best way to get out.
Sam, he already told us this two years ago, mission accomplished.
But it's a photo opportunity there with his flak jack had given everybody a lot of flak.
Mission accomplished.
My ass, okay?
You murderer, you butcher you.
But hey, it's the holiday season. Let's have a big smile on our face.
So it turns coming in or what?
10th of the six of QM were on the edge of our seats.
As a matter of fact, I think we ought to play this often during the day. A lot of mysteries going on.
This is the Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
This is the Neil Rogers shell.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
This is your brain.
F**k, f**k, f**k, f**k.
Any questions?
Other stations give you money. Other stations give you cars.
But when times are tough, this station gives you a cow.
Because this station is going to give you a job in radio.
A job at this station. A job is our new morning disc jockey.
Morning fry.
That's right. We're going to toss our morning guy out on his butt.
And he tells the kid that he's not even listening.
We go to the places for a moment, he played it like a moron.
A moron.
So his loss is your game.
Just be listening.
And when you hear this sound, you need a tent cover.
And come, Monday morning.
Sure, on the edge.
Winner will assume all current responsibilities of morning drive personality at a substantially reduced salary
in addition to responsibilities of all janitorial, clerical, and maintenance staff.
Look, I'm out.
He's out. You are here.
People listening to me.
I'm going to let it fly at 60 WQAM.
So how's clearance doing?
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
I'll be damned.
Well, I think one of you ought to be a runner round the hog getting the scuttle bud.
We can't tell the audience what this is all about, but we might as well let them at least know there's a little bit of resentment going on.
Well, I think Josh should go, because I try to avoid that side of the building.
Yeah, I think you should just go poking around.
You know, just take a page out of the water and ask these people to just walk around, slide up against the wall with your ear.
I know.
Sorry, not my style.
I see.
Just kind of slink around in the hallway.
When you hear this, you're going to, you may want to run out.
When you hear this, you're going to be nauseous.
All right.
See, the problem with politicians is they're all horrors.
They're all horrors.
Yeah.
Hillary Clinton, the co-sponsor, anti-flag burning bill.
Oh, sure right.
I'm leaving.
A Republican bill that would ban some forms of flag burning.
Reportedly has one Democratic co-sponsor, Senator Hillary Clinton.
According to a report in today's New York Post Clinton is the sole co-sponsor of a bill that will make it a crime to intimidate anyone by burning a flag, burn someone else's flag, or destroy a flag on federal property.
The bill doesn't address the issue of a constitutional amendment banning flag burning, and Congressional lawyers believe the bill will withstand judicial review.
The Post has Clinton's move as an apparent attempt to win over conservative voters as she preps her possible run for the White House in 2008, and won't that be great?
Not.
No.
She just, uh, here we go.
She's, she's so obvious.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Political posturing is so damn obvious.
And by the way, she also voted for the war.
I just thought I mentioned that.
Meanwhile, Clinton is in the middle of a six-state campaign swing aimed at raising money for a Senate re-election, and possibly raising support for a potential run for the White House.
Clinton had lined a fundraiser for the Kentucky State Democratic Party in Louisville Friday night, where turnout exceeded expectations.
The ballroom with the convention center was filled with capacity, helping Clinton raise 600 grand for the party.
Kentucky is a solidly Republican-stay-wish George W. Bush easily won last year, but Clinton supporters were buzzing about the possibility of a Clinton run in 2008.
We're a border state and have been a red state, but I think we're really fed up with what's going on in Washington, ready for a candidate who will really run and really fight for the people.
What supporters said?
I'd love her to run, said another, I've never worked for a campaign in my life, but I'd work for her.
The ice princess is lurking.
Clinton is also making stops in Chicago, Denver, Michigan, and New Jersey.
She ends her tour in New York with a party in Manhattan, December 13.
On Lucky December 13.
But at Sage Rosenhaus, crant man, he's really something, and one game.
I think you ought to put that in his resume against a bunch of gagging choking.
What I tell you about Buffalo.
The whole place just reeks, it just stinks.
The sun is shining here, it's cold, but there ain't no snow on the ground.
Buffalo does probably snow up to your armpits right now.
Just a horrible, awful place.
Don't ever go to Buffalo.
Trust me.
But there's Thomas Keane, that's not him, that's the other guy.
I put you up there on that podium today, and you had a chance to talk about what worries you most now.
No, Mrs. Limbaugh.
912 votes are already on the pool by the end of the storm.
I might have our thousand, what do you say?
That then we can go home?
What do you think?
Yeah, that's a great idea.
All right.
If Mad Dog can do it, go outside.
He's got the world's biggest scam.
It just makes my deal pale into its significance.
I can't stand, and no individual names, please.
Religious nuts, 318.
South Florida drivers 83.
The US government 72.
I wonder who they're talking about.
New Yorkers 60.
Phones 53.
Loudmouth 43.
People who stink 40.
South Florida 34.
This poll 31.
Black people 29.
Drunks 25.
Rednext 24.
Hispanics 21.
Go to the dentist 18.
Especially if it's a Jewish Hispanic dentist.
Oh, Jew 17.
Stupid people 12.
Myin laws 9.
Being married 8.
White people 5.
FPNL 3.
Obees people 2.
Sports nerds 2.
People on cell phones 1.
Freeloaders 1.
Radio Chronic 1.
Telephone solicitor so far has got the big.
Oh, out of 912.
912 votes.
That's just barely after 11 o'clock.
We're making some progress or what?
WQA M.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Okay.
I talk to you very briefly.
WQA M.
Hello.
Hey, man.
That's Ali.
Ali.
How about reality shows?
Okay, good one.
Reality shows suck for morons.
Reality shows an excellent choice.
Yeah, totally.
There got to be like at least 5,000 other choices on here.
But these people had to put on their thinking cap because they can't mention
individual names and they want to do that battery.
They want to like lash out.
In fact, why don't we just take the same pool every day?
Who do you hate the most today?
Right?
Is it George Boyle or Riley?
Rush Limbaugh?
Is it Dick Cheney?
Maybe today?
How about Condor or Condor Laya?
Condor Laya?
Oh, guess what movie was on over the weekend?
I didn't watch it.
My son, man.
Really?
Do you have an algorithm?
The one that you got?
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I want to watch little snippets of it when I got to one of the DVDs.
Oh, you're sitting here.
Watch it from the beginning.
Nice one.
I'll be sure and watch.
Watch the way of the gun when you get in and watch the way in that scene where he's going
to the sperm bank where he starts.
And James Conn is in a movie.
So it's just so obvious that he's doing a James Conn.
You'll see the routine.
Hello.
That's very funny.
Good movie.
WQA Am Hello.
So is Dave.
WQA Am Hello.
That was Robert Greeper.
Do you know what I'm saying?
No.
That was Greeper.
Right away, Greeper.
You are.
G.
Q.A. Am Hello.
WQA Am Hello.
Hey, Pali, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you know you're absolutely right when you talk about Jimmy Sepul.
That guy absolutely sucks.
Hey, Jimmy, you're fairly.
Well, we don't want to get too personal.
I was listening to him a couple of the often games ago.
There's often we're going for a two-point conversion.
Uh-huh.
They make the two-point conversion and then Jimmy goes, oh, they make the extra point.
And I'm looking on the field.
I'm like, well, where's the kicker?
I thought they did a two-point conversion, not an extra point.
I'm like, you can't even know what he's talking about.
I guess there was some goofball doing the Cleveland Jacksonville game.
I don't know.
They got so many games to broadcast.
They just can't find the people that have any idea what they're talking about.
And what's the playboy play guy, which I have no idea who he was, Cleveland Triad was fake
a long field goal.
Instead, they put Shubb punted it and backed up, quote, Jacksonville, on the 10-year line.
And this guy, like, never even made any comment about it was a fake field goal attempt.
He just was lost.
He didn't have any idea what that was going on.
The funniest thing is Joe Rosicits back and just kind of like, well, what the hell is this guy talking?
He doesn't say anything, but you can just know in his head that he's thinking, like, this guy doesn't even know what the hell he's talking about.
I don't get here now.
You know what he said about Jimmy?
I don't the bitch right now.
Yeah.
All right, Neil, take care.
Thanks for the good news, man.
So Jimmy Cephalo is biting the big one.
He is one good-looking guy.
Well, maybe that's why you guys are on there together then.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
Let's just do the same.
But then we don't have to come up with this.
I think I just had a brain cramp storm.
Every day we'll do the same pull for like about three years sounds good to me.
And it's like a barometer.
You know, we'll see how intense the hate level is in various directions on each given day, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Like, stick in your finger while at the window to see what the temperature is.
Like most of the politicians do all the time.
That's why I can't stand here.
Right?
I'm sorry.
Obviously I would vote for her.
But I just, I don't like her.
No.
She's phony.
She's Arizona.
She's fake.
She's a fake is a $47 bill.
Hillary.
And if she hadn't been married to Bubba, I look, let's elect her and let him run a country again.
What do you say?
Sounds like a plan.
Okay.
WDQYM.
Hello.
And we can.
We can make Monica Secretary of the Interior.
What do you say?
Oh, that's funny.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neely.
Yes, your buddy.
Okay.
I got one for the list.
How about that hypocritical politician?
No, but that sounds redundant to me.
Okay.
hypocritical politician, you want to put that on there with the hypocriticals?
No, really.
We got, you know, government.
Yeah, we got government on it.
What about doctors?
Okay.
Can't stand it, man.
Most doctors are butchers.
Not all.
There's a few good doctors out there.
I never met any yet, but there's got to be a few of them.
You think?
I'll let you know what I think.
You know what I think?
You know what I think?
If you find one, let me know.
I will.
Oh, there's so many things that could be on here.
I mean, you know, if we wanted to break some of these things down like to think about religious
nuts, we could also talk about the Catholic clergy, the priests, the child molotome priests.
Oh, there's so many.
So what did it slice it then?
Yeah, you're a slice it very thin like that.
Nova.
Slice it really thin, baby.
Put that locks on your bagel air and just to have a feel there.
How do people eat such things?
I like it.
Oh, it's fish.
Oh, my favorite is when they bring out, they bring a big fish on a platter and the eyes
are still in it, you know, you're just feeling it.
Oh, as a matter of fact, I was watching, you're not going to like that.
The eyes have it.
That aviator, the aviator was on cable.
I remember how everyone was raving about it.
Is that the movie with Leo?
That's the one.
No, I wouldn't be thinking I would watch that crap.
So don't.
Yeah, how everybody was raving about it.
It's so good in Spital Leo.
Yeah.
Well, I don't teach you to be watching that.
I guarantee you like the way they're going a lot better.
I have no doubt.
Although they did show me no pain in all those jars.
I don't, I don't want to say if Leo was having hot sets with Tom Brady naked, I wouldn't
watch it.
Leo just makes me a cringe.
Makes a Leo.
You're fairy.
Oh, man, when did that ship ever land?
You know, that's it.
It made front page news whenever that spaceship landed, but they served in one of those fish
in the movie.
That's what reminded me of that.
That's the whole way out of take somebody who looks like they just got off the ship.
He's one of them.
Yeah, he is.
There's some very strange looking dudes running around.
I also saw your buddy Jewish James Woods in some of the day.
They turned it off real fast.
Mr. Pockhead.
Yeah, Mr. Pock.
Yeah, he could have played on Star Trek.
He could have been Mr. Pock.
320 say they can't stand religious nuts.
I could have put getch keys on there, but that would have been, they wouldn't get it.
The guy wouldn't understand.
Wait till we get to that story about Holly.
Oh, here it is.
Now, I'm first going to talk about the slots thing.
Parade for Hollywood.
Oh, the Christian message.
Look, on your goyema there with your yellow pages and your Christian video games and your Christian,
there's go away.
Okay, just go to hell away.
Blow your brains out.
Go up there and have a nice talk with Jesus and get out of the rest of our faces.
Okay, we're sick here.
So Bill O'Reilly was one of the figures that something Nazi like him would start some crap like that.
A diversionary.
It's not going to work.
Not going to work.
Like Miss Fudge, you know, he's always getting these phone calls from Richard Mellon's safe and all his other propaganda stuff on the far lunatic right.
Oh, put that on there about, you know, some phony crap like that.
It doesn't work.
The public, they're fixated, man.
Their eyes are on it.
You just wait.
So what happened in the off year elections this year in New Jersey where was the other one in Virginia?
You just wait till next year.
The public is better going to hiding.
You're not going to be able to find them with a search party.
1113, if I'm not to the Democrats, you're so great, but they're just, you see, and that's what they're doing.
That's what's bad is most of them are just dumbing up waiting to exploit and hop in there.
Not that they got any better answers.
Nothing they got the balls to open up a mouth most of them.
1113 at 5.60 WQAM.
It's that most wonderful time of the year unless, of course, like most people, you hate to credit malls.
The long registered lines, the crazy shoppers who act like they're out, same fight as dance in their pants and the parking hassles too.
Make your gift to you being this year.
It'll easier for you when you love ones.
Give them a dollar, mattress, gift certificate.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you can order a dollar, mattress, gift certificate, aid, and nomination.
And a new bed makes a perfect gift at last for years.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you choose from the top names in a business ceiling.
CERDA Simmons, King Coral, Sterns, and Foster Hewitt and temper Peetig.
Maybe you suffered damage from Wilma.
Maybe you need a bed for those last minute uninvited holiday guests.
Whatever your deal is, call 1-800-Mattress.
You'll get same day deliver from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
You pick the date and time for the video for your schedule.
Just any tour window that you like.
The Automatic Trist is mighty proud of the automobile.
They're 99.7% record of being on time.
They're ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction.
I've used them for years. You want to do the same.
Before those guests arrive, pick up that phone and call 1-800-Mattress or log on to mattress.com.
Dialometrist 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-L-E off the last instance because it stands for STU-PENDA SAVING.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-A-M.
A long-repawn little boy.
No.
When Bill O'Reilly dials in, sure he isn't wearing pants.
He'll tell you if you like your job.
Then you'll give him a laugh dance.
And if you tell O'Reilly,
you're not looking too big.
He'll do the pants right off you.
And for you, an extortionist.
A blue, all-of-factors fair and balanced.
But not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little to the right.
When Bill O'Reilly's warning sure it ain't a no spin-don.
So when Bill O'Reilly's dialing,
you best not pick up your phone.
Oh my God.
Somebody says to the poor, I can't stand bags.
You fairly like that.
There's a good one.
All right.
I could modify that by saying can't stand screaming queens.
But I think you see that we start narrowing these down.
Wait till you hear this.
Remember we talked about that.
I thought she was a traffic lady,
which she was something else that packed in the religious nut.
Right, I tried to correct you, but you wouldn't listen.
I moved right along.
What was she?
She was the sales secretary.
Well, she was a jackass, whatever she was.
And she was a born again, a Jew for Jesus.
A messianic Christian.
Right.
And the hero of the day is,
there's no coal muskia, synagogue.
There's no cross at coal muskia, synagogue.
Maybe there shouldn't be any of these places.
People think they'll come in here and suddenly will produce one
from the back room, said Messianic Rabbi Al-Mulavine,
the spiritual leader of the Melbourne congregation.
We don't have one.
Across the course is an enduring chachki.
I mean, symbol of Christianity and belief in the life and death of Jesus.
Don't rub your crucifix too hard, though.
One can be seen in virtually every Christian church around the world,
but not a coal muskia, which is in a secular looking building on
Lake Washington Road in Melbourne.
We're not a synagogue.
We're a synagogue.
I'm sorry.
I'll take longer this.
It kills a lot of fans, right?
We're a synagogue.
Not a church will be.
They'll call us a truce.
Here, members, profess their faith in Jesus.
They call you a shua as the Messiah and Savior,
but also adhere to traditional Jewish customs and laws.
I wonder if they eat truce.
They're part of a national messianic movement as of as many as 300,000 people.
The movement consists of people who raise Jewish brothers,
including Christians, who are not.
In Brevard County,
coal muskia and shubi messianic congregation of the only such groups,
Yeshua and His disciples were Jewish living, said,
Oh, God was Jewish.
There's no getting around that fact.
We truly believe Yeshua is the Messiah.
I see.
In accepting Yeshua, messianic Jews generally don't celebrate Christian holy days
such as Christmas and Easter, which they don't consider to be part of biblical tradition.
It's in the wrong book.
coal muskia founded in 1989 has about 120 members who meet each Saturday.
Shubi messianic, founded in 93, has about 20 members.
We've done Fridays in the building on US one in Melbourne.
We're small, but we have a dedicated covering.
Oh, I just can't handle all of this.
I'll look at all of this.
Who's got the right answer?
That's the question.
Who's got the key to the kingdom?
Who's got the real God, huh?
The right way is only...
Damn God!
Keep that in mind.
The right way is called in complete Jews.
Is that what it is?
As composed in complete Jews.
That's right.
I see.
I thought the incomplete that something to do with circumcision.
Never mind.
The only guarantee is that messianic Jews are a circumspect.
Yes, they are.
Look how many votes we got on the pool.
It's not even 1130 and we got 965.
We could be on the verge of a thousand by 1130.
Oh, my God!
Time's quick.
You can get out your ballpoint pen and stab yourself in the neck with it.
I love the way Hank likes to hear me start.
I'm jicky, you know?
Just like the way I get him going on Bob Reesie, no 72 dolphins.
Very uptight.
Very jealous.
Oh, we don't want anybody to write that record.
And by the way, they got to play a tough game there in Jacksonville.
You know what?
The quilts are going to just pick Jacksonville apart, like picking a chicken apart.
Like breaking a wishbone of Thanksgiving.
Am I right, Joshua?
I mean, Jacksonville was all out to beat the Brownies yesterday.
I don't know.
Andy andapolis is awesome.
Listen, I think your credit where credit is due.
I can't stand them.
And Sandy Payton, many, makes me want to bark.
You know?
But nevertheless, they're awesome.
I do think they're going to lose a game.
No.
Okay.
And I really don't care when we're together, but just despite those uptight like Bob Grease bag, man.
Just tired of that.
And I mean, a mad dog gets it if it's true.
We like him a lot.
But nevertheless, these guys are like living in the past.
The whole franchise is in the past.
Get with it.
It's 2005.
Act alive.
Nice win yesterday.
By the way, give him credit.
Nice come back.
They hung right in there once for a rock out engine.
They all said, oh, thank God for that.
And then the bills just lay down.
Oh, gee, I think we're in a bloated game.
Yeah, you're no kidding.
They are prophetic.
That's part of that Buffalo syndrome.
Anything in Buffalo, just weak except maybe the chicken wings.
And those great sub sandwiches, which I can never think of the name where they used to be.
Oh, God, were they good.
And that roast beef on Kimmelwick.
Remember the guy called in that day who started that place up in Fort Lauderdale at what?
That was the name of that joint.
Had a yellow sign where they had the Anibas, Nebas roast beef on Kimmelwick from Buffalo.
Remember that?
No.
No, remember the guy called in.
Maybe you were on vacation that week.
Maybe Josh remember.
No, he was the guy.
Huh?
I know.
I must be just making it up.
I think you can't remember the guy, the essence of that call at Leo.
It wasn't Leo.
It was Leo.
Hello, Leo.
Leo.
I remember now.
All right.
What else did she say?
Bye-bye.
Heros says, don't.
So who do we believe the heraldor of the Sun sent?
Well, when did the Sun sent it much, but always believed them over the heraldor?
Mary Ellen Claus and Samuel Nitsy were that Nitsy?
Tallahassee lost biggest out slot machines could start spitting at proud permuchels as soon
as this spring of state lawmakers finally approved regulations when they meet for a week-long
special session that begins this afternoon.
But despite agreement among legislators on the style of machines, the Ben and crowd is
laying odds against Tallahassee coming through with a deal by the end of this session.
This is what the heraldor says.
Pair mutual lobbyists and many legislators are speculating the election year politics,
anti-gambling idealist, and the competing interests of the gaming industry will prop legislative
leaders to pack the bill with so many device developments that will adjourn again with the
issue on resolved.
Some people are gunning for a stalemate, said Senator Bill Posey, a rock ledger publicant,
and one of the senate negotiators on the bill.
You can only imagine some people are trying to slip a Mickey in on this deal because those
cruises for nowhere, if we really, if we ever had even the slot machines in South Florida,
we would have to go right down the drain.
Like somebody pulled the plug on the ocean.
I'm telling you right now, you know that.
What would you rather do over the Gulf speaker, Pompeo Parker, Hollywood dog track, or would
you rather have one of those cruises and get lost at sea in a hurricane?
I don't know.
Can I get seasick at the dog track?
That's right.
Can you get your wife raped on the dog track?
I could.
You probably could.
Now, the Sun Sentinel says Alan Solomon is a high-ranking gaming industry executive in
South Florida, Pompeo Park.
But even he isn't willing to take bets on what the South Florida and the Florida legislature
will do about slot machines in a special session this week, I'm not sure I can make the
best wager in how all this gets done to the Solomon.
Executive Vice President General Counsel of the I of the Capricacitos, which operates
Pompeo Park, Harness.
13 months after Florida voters authorized slot machines for South Florida, legislators
have much more to negotiate before they have a deal on how to tax and regulate the slots
for private counties for per mutual venues.
Pompeo Park, Hollywood, Ray Haundinger, Highlight, and Gulf Stream Park.
Legislators begin at 1 p.m. today a five-day special session called by fat ass governor,
Jeff Bush, facing many complex decisions to implement the mandate for slots.
Beside the gambling issue, legislators also are meeting to when I change this to Medicaid,
revamp ethics rules, and tweak a new deal, a new law dealing with sexual offenders.
The major controversy dealing with slots will dominate this session among the key issues,
how to tax the slots, how many and what tax the machines to allow hours of operation
and pay off percentages.
I'm Friday House leaders released a 44-page build-up would allow for biggest-style class
three slots, which is what everybody voted on.
While that's a seasonal and moved-ounce close to the position of the Senate, much more
has to be agreed upon between the House and Senate governor's office.
The House bill limits the number of machines, machines, to no more than a thousand
per venue.
The Senate is previously imposed a no-limit.
The Senate is an expected-release and special session stands on slots until today.
They want to limit the number of machines, Mon.
How about limiting the number of good machines, Mon?
What do you say?
How about unlimited good machines, Mon?
To pay out like 98% would be good.
What do you say?
I'll take it.
And by the way, that guy that called me that he lied through his teeth.
When you go and you play, you know what the story is.
Anybody who tells you that there aren't different programs that they play on those things
and they're not timers.
There was a woman, $37,000 on a quarter machine on Saturday.
And would buy a $37,000 on a quarter machine.
You got five of the same, whatever the gold bars across.
They paid her when they took the whole machine apart.
And when they came in, they had to put the stethoscope in there and make sure everything was working well.
They took it all apart.
They finally paid her after two hours.
Another lady comes along.
She puts in 20 bucks in the same machine and paid $15,000 to her.
Quarter machine.
It was a good machine, Mon.
52 grand in about 20 minutes of play.
Even Josh is staring to think about that.
I'm going to play Wheel of Fortune.
Quarter.
Now, why isn't Wheel of Fortune?
I don't know what they'll get.
It wasn't by me.
It was over as somebody that everybody was talking about.
I don't know what they'll game over with.
Now, don't play the Wheel of Torture.
You'll get addicted to it.
It's bad.
Very bad.
Don't even think about playing that.
It's mesmerizing.
You get hypnotized by the spin symbol.
It's like some demonic thing, you know?
It's like from hell.
The devil is behind it.
I think if you took the label of that spin off, you'd see the devil with a pitchfork there.
Or maybe the devil with a blue dress on, like Monica.
28 past 11.
What about that Arrannica about that song, Devil with a blue dress on?
Yes, I wrote it.
Mitch Ryder and D. Furt Will's.
I think we got it.
Ah!
What's that?
Oh, right.
Oh, oh!
Hey Mitch!
Get off!
Hey Mitch!
Get off!
Get off!
That's the devil!
That's the devil!
That's the devil!
That's the devil!
That's the devil!
That's the devil!
Anyway, we got to do the break.
29 past 11 already.
Rich room filling sound from your iPod.
We're talking of course about the power of the Bose sound-doctoral music system.
It brings the music on your iPod.
The light even charges your iPod while it's playing.
Sound invasion says you are bound to love what you hear.
And that's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most from the music on your iPod.
The system is friendly with iPod.
iPod Mini.
iPod Nano.
And iPod with video.
It's slick appearance, stylishly blended with your iPod.
Almost any room they call it.
It's easy to use.
Even comes with a remote that controls the sound-doctoral system and basic functions your iPod all the way across the room.
So left the room filling sound of the Bose sound-doctoral music system delivery.
New iPod experience for you.
Insert iPod stick that maybe in there and hear what happens.
Experience the sound-doctoral today at Twitter, Target, Sharper Image, CompuOstase, Circuit City Best Buy or Apple.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-A-S.
The sucks.
Hey, my name's Duane.
Hey, if you're ready to run your low-rad, of course I'm from Bebson today.
You probably pretty hungry, right?
That's what you're gonna do. Go home.
Where you gonna watch your hair?
Keep your elbows on the table.
Take this and thank you.
You know what I'm gonna do that?
Come see us, cause we're not your mama.
The new self-service Mexican restaurant.
Excuse me. I'd like to conquist the door special.
Hey, man. You can't teach whatever you want.
Cause I ain't gonna get it for you.
We are not your mama.
Not your mama.
Say when I thought best of anything you want.
It's not a simple thing to make it yourself.
Ah, that was great.
Hey, where you going?
I'm gonna go pick that up for you.
Why so dishes, man?
So for text match with no respect, it's not your mama.
Do it yourself.
We're not your mama.
26th till noon.
Over here we got that big makeup game from our hurricane room
with a pantser's hosting the Ottawa Center.
There's maybe the best too many entire league, eh?
And BM returns to the scene of the crime.
That's it. The McAurean tonight we got the pants in preview at 6.30.
Silly asked, are you ready to land the NGELD
with the occult at 7 o'clock tonight at 8 o'clock after the hockey game?
I bet you Josh is gonna be there tonight for that game.
I bet you you're up.
Well, I'm gonna be there for the pregame.
The pregame for about five minutes.
And then a fly right out of there.
Like he was shot out while I was a cannon.
This story from your, your Rika Springs Arkansas that somebody passed to us.
This is unacceptable.
A 70 year old grandmother who teaches Sunday school is charged with saving a baby Jesus statue
from an Arkansas town's nativity scene.
Virginia Voyer said she thought she was just taking part in the RAM.
Bunches holiday prank.
But a witness called your Rika Springs police.
This is an Arkansas.
She now faces up to a year in jail and a $5,000 fine for Mr. Meiner at Mr. Meiner theft.
Boy, you're said yes, I've been a bad girl.
Oh, she needs a spanking.
She had it that when she told her Methodist pastor that she took the baby Jesus statue.
He told her go and send no more.
But you didn't tell me you're a Methodist.
Oh, that's bad.
Bad for the Methodist.
Speaking of bad for the religionist, Lionel Tate's been hearing voices.
A hearing that could have made a return behind bars for Lionel Tate once the youngest person
modern US history sentenced to life in prison was postponed today because he sent a letter to a judge threatening to kill himself.
Oh, hey, listen Lionel, is there you playing chicken with us?
Let's give him a loaded gun and see if he's just fun enough.
He knows how to use them.
Yeah.
On second thought, let's make sure nobody else is in the room to give him a loaded gun.
Tate convicted at age 13 of killing a 60-year-old girl was examined during the weekend by a psychologist
who was finally supposed to be presented a competency hearing on December 19.
That's two weeks from today.
Broward County Circuit Judge Joel T. Lazarus who said he received the letter Friday decided to wait for that finding before the
Sunday whether to revoke Tate's probation.
Tate now 18 faces a possible return to prison for life.
Oh, right.
If Lazarus finds he violated his probation, it was arrested in May on charges of robbery, pizza delivery man at gunpoint.
There's almost nothing worse in the world that we hate to cue and worse than a pizza thief.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't you agree?
Well, you can come by here with your Jewish and the playboys.
Everybody hates a pizza thief.
Everybody hates a pizza thief.
Ah, remember that?
I'm going to cue it up right now.
Tate was 12 when he killed Tiffany Unic, a family friend his mother was babysitting for on July 28, 1999.
His lawyers initially claimed that girl died accidentally while the 160-pound boy was imitating wrestling moves you saw on TV.
But experts said the girl died of skull fractures and elacerated liver suffered in a beating that lasted one to five minutes.
He beat the snout out of that poor little girl.
He was convicted of first to remit her sentence to life in 2001.
In 2004, an appeals court tossed out the conviction after finding that it was not clear whether Tate understood what was happening to him.
He pleaded guilty to say, I think they ought to do a p-ditty on him is what I do.
Give him some nice, said you and Allison depends there.
Yeah.
Yeah, try his hands.
Right, light them up.
He pleaded guilty to second to remit her was sentenced to time served in 10 years probation.
Suspended assentance.
Suspended assentance.
In his handwritten letter, the judge Tate said that his public defender, H. Don Williams, didn't understand my mental condition.
He continued, I stated to him before I was hearing voices that I wanted to kill myself.
He also quoted Florida law by statute number and saying that the judge should array psychiatric evaluation.
This is Lionel done this.
Williams said outside court Monday that Tate was placed under watch at the county jail because of his suicidal statements.
If he found incompetent, the judge could order him hospitalized or otherwise given treatment which may prevent him from entering a kind of like Allen's spolting.
He put him in the loony bin.
He was found competent to understand legal proceedings and their consequences and whatever happened to fill up by the way I was supposed to forget about that.
What a crappy show.
Tate faces six charges of probation violation.
The judge could sentence him to anything from life in prison to no prison time.
To many juvenile justice experts, Tate says similar to difficulty that the justice system has dealing with children from its serious crime.
If you turn out to be a piece of slime, you're going to have to do the time.
That's what I say.
Fry is ass.
Right now, crack a little sparky up there at Arcadia or at Stark. Where would hell is Stark?
Let him live a Stark existence for a few minutes while they chain his ass up and he even put on them to pins.
Shave his head.
Let him watch that movie.
Let him watch Monster's balls.
You see that? You see Puffy?
That's you.
Yeah, that's you Lionel. You're next.
What'd you like for that last dinner?
How about some pizza sounds good?
Yeah.
Lionel's like, oh, there he is.
To me, asking me for a compensate evaluation because he is quote, hearing voices and I want to kill myself.
Yeah, I'm hearing voices all right.
All the time. We got a thousand and five votes.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You are like the Humphrell, he was on good behavior this morning. I guess he got threatened with another suspension another p-vow
But you man all you guys do is give you like a little not rope just just a little fiber from a piece of rope and he just ah there
He goes just out of control. You're just like a lunatic
maniac
I mean you've got so much to lose there
That fucking a half an hour and all those freebies you get all those free lunches and then based on what you're getting paid
You need those three meals badly. Yes, I do I can't stand no individual names. That's our poll today
Can't stand religious notes 341 wins by hands down your pants all them get keys
We can't stand get keys with especially get skis with chachis
South Florida drivers 93 the US government 77 New Yorker 62
Phony is 59 loudmouth 45. How about radio sales people?
Well, that's phony's and loudmouths
People who stink 42 South Florida 40 this poll 33 red necks is got
Drunks 29 his Spanish 22 Venti dose
Stupid people 19 going to the dentist 19 Jews 17 my in-laws nine being married eight people on cell phone 7 Florida
Plunder elute 6 white people 5 white people make me angry
Reality shows for obese people 4 like Josh Friedman. Oh God
Telephone solicitors 3 sports nerds 2 3 voters 1 radio chronics 1 fags and doctors out of a thousand eight votes still
Go so far
How about fag doctors?
Better watch them how about you fag doctors? Would you think of that?
19 till noon if you and man this thing is smoking along then I got a pretty decent pile here of crap
That good great, and then of course I'll go back in my word
Well, let's get a couple more call because they're frantic today look w. Q. A. M. Hello
Hey nail palies. Yeah, how about the homeless dudes on the corner? Oh, yeah, it's a good choice next on choice
What the hell a homeless voice?
The whole you don't have to that's all you put under the homeless voice peoples
Man see him on a speed quarter. They're just run him over say oops. I'm sorry or since it is act after October 1st
Just say you're in my way you're threatening. I feel very insecure with you out here like getting in my face
Right right
Sean can only my ass. Okay one of my another cult everything is everything is a scanner
Although I'm maybe we ought to like start recommending him because he's got a good deal going like Kevin Chudow
Maybe we got to start inspiring those people I take a page out of their book. Yeah, a lot of people involved in scams from what I'm hearing
17 till noon at Q. A. M. When you're shopping for a shoe is no scams at Brandy's baby
Just the best selection the best prices and personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit in your favorite style
This shoe every time and we're talking every major brand ever invented. They got him rock poor floor shine echo
S. A. S. M. a fist of new balance and lots more and Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a customized fit
Just ask for Arnie. He'll take care of your tits. He's really well the pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort even specializing
Wide wits as well. So Brandy's is well worth the trip for you from just about any place in South Florida for comfort style
Fit band you went selection always think Brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in top of the beach
Brandy's open daily till nine every Sunday till five and this week is a great time to buy spares at Brandy's take 20% off
All great men's and women's styles be sure to get your ass in the store this week or do your shoe shopping run of their
prestigious website at Brandy's shoes dot com
This is me
Roger
This is five sixty two
Yeah
Everybody's
About to bed
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
What the hell is that? It's a trick ring in the turkey
You know why people in this country get back
Thanks for this big tap
It ain't cool being old
Yeah
So cool
Give it
Go and set your turkey free
It's up to her
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
Man and man
You need your turkey for our day
Life is a success during the summer day
What do you mean you're supposed to first four or five two days to jump for your life?
What kind of turkey are you looking for?
A truck
Yeah, turkey is a trick
Yeah, that's a trick
Give him a gun
And we're flunting off
This is going to be the big finale when the turkey jumped into the ring as fast
Wow, everybody knows what the burn is away
I'm going to have a blast around
I'm going to have a blast around
I'm going to have a blast around
I'm going to have a blast around
I'm going to have a blast around
Sure, and a turkey too
Right, smoking a big fat one eaten in turkey and maybe a ham, maybe a Christmas ham
Right, except for the orthodox Jews will not eat no ham
Maybe a couple of yams but no ham, turkey head
Okay, so what's the story? You're seeing Clariss lately or what?
Anybody open up that door and wave and say, hey, guys, anything like that happened this morning?
No, I'll be damned
Damn, damn, damn, slide easier than queuing it up all the time
Slide easier than you're doing
Damn, than I...yeah
A mysterious speaking of mysteries and mysterious twin-out are playing owned by an LEDs CIA Front
tur'd up in Northern Ontario this fall raising an answered questions about why it was
There a CIA Front
It's the latest twist in a reflections sagoto aircraft central by apparent shell companies of the U.S. CIA
Unlike that obtained by the Canadian Press Indicates League of Havalon d hat-c six to three hundred aircraft
and Su-Saint Marie Ontario in early October after taking off from Michigan's Jackson County airport.
Uh-oh. From there, the 22C Turbo Prop made the short trip to the airport just south west of the Hamlet of Bar River, Ontario.
A Bar River airport official says he doesn't discuss planes that use the facility out of respect for customers' privacy.
I suggest you don't pursue this any further, said the official last not to be named.
I have no knowledge of any CIA aircraft, he said, while his VDIs were darting all around.
I suggest you don't pursue this any further. Then south to Almanus, does it?
No. Plains that stop in Bar River generally do so for refueling or maintenance, he said.
The airport is home to a company that specializes in work on to have an aircraft.
There is no record of the plane leaving Bar River.
The alleged CIA twin-autor had flown to Jackson, Michigan of all places from Johnson County Airport in Smithfield, North Carolina.
A facility single-out by the New York Times, they hub for covert American air operations.
They went to Jackson, Michigan, probably to go to Jackson, hardest raceway and put on clearance AOT.
Or Wayne Temple. Or Gerald Banfield.
US Federal Aviation Administration records your aircraft with tail number, Yadi, Adi, as registered to do aviation specialties and corporates,
one of seven firms identified by the Times as CIA for prior theories.
The address of the difficult to trace company is an anonymous Washington Post office box.
How do you like that?
A CIA spokesman declined to comment on reports of Canadian landings.
He said, Yamama, A, Mind Your Own Business A.
And I said, how do you like that?
All kinds of mysterious and grotesque things going on.
And we are just, we are just as much of pawns that's all in a bigger game, in the big chess game of life.
But you know something?
For what?
5,000 years from now, who gives a crap, right?
We'll all be fossilized.
It will be fossils like the people in sunrise lakes and the people in Tamarack will be fossils,
like I'm becoming very rapidly. I'm becoming fossilized like that lizard bird.
I'll make you proud.
That archaic roots that you've been looking for.
Oh, the archaic roots, right?
That's a terrible word.
I thought you said that lizard bird.
I thought I'd take it on bird rentals again. Hey bird.
You fairy.
Bad hair piece, man.
Go see Chuck Yalfeurick, you're just as straightened up.
Can you see him in Dom Delawiz?
Oh, geez.
Oh, look.
And who's the other fat queen?
The other, what's that guy's name?
James Coco.
I don't know about him.
What?
Well, I mean, I know who that is, but I didn't know that.
Yeah, you know.
Now, you know, he went that way.
He goes that way.
No, I, man.
In fact, next time I have an earthquake, it's probably James Coco and Dom Delawiz.
Although Dom's got a wife, you know, but.
I ever see Dom and Paul Pudon together.
Not lately.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on. Let's get some verbal intercourse going today.
Otherwise, we're not going to take any more calls for the rest of this century.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
I am, right?
W-Q-A-M.
I believe that.
That explains it.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Lift right hand, other man come, otherwise shots open all childhood memories erotic ways.
Like theirknowering memory enters the wall, younger.
But their dreams of a useless man can kill, and that's an irony.
Otherwise watching elderly people level and out that.
Everyday, they rule them very early.
Orually they will call and the muscles opened corners.
behaving absolutely normal, but the elderly can't know what and how it is.
Either way.
Mary,
Nobody QAM, hello.
Me, oh, God.
Yes, sir.
I know it's part of the department, but I'm BFTC.
That's an excellent job.
We got to serve them a very good choice.
We have to ask, and a home request is a hard,
good luck, silent part.
Well, we can't play the original one.
We can play the new one.
All right, please do.
OK.
Can't play an original one no more because it goes,
just like that, you know, a leaky tire.
Right.
That's all I was just a tire running out of air.
See if he had an X-core VET with those tires that go like 250 miles on a flat.
They never go flat.
Another good reason to be driving on the X-core VETs.
Does that mean that they're like bulletproof, too?
Oh, yeah.
567, ask Paul Servino, he'll tell you.
I am, so I just can't handle him.
I know.
I know I can.
I think he's a really crappy actor.
A bad guy.
He's just, huh?
It's not the fact that he's fat.
There's some actors who are fat that are good.
Marlon Brando was fat and a godfather.
He was great.
He's been fat, got nothing to do with it.
He's just always the same.
He's not an actor.
He's just a shrub.
That's all.
He just shows up and he acts like a shrub.
Like a Mafioci shrub.
That's it.
Because good fellows was on again over the weekend.
And I'm going to tell you something.
Two things.
Like I told you, the narration is much worse than ever realized.
The really old narration of the...
It is 100 times more annoying than I ever realized.
In addition to which the biggest flaw in the movie, and I've put it this before, is the
kid that plays his character as a kid, is a real smooth-faced...
You know, he's about, I don't know, 13, 14 years old.
Do you remember the kid?
He's a little older than that, but yeah, I see your point.
Well, whatever his age is, that's not important.
And the fact that he is older makes it even more ridiculous.
Because if you're going to get zits as a teenager, by the time you're like 15 or 16,
whatever he's supposed to be in there, you've got something.
His face is smooth as a baby's ass, okay?
And then all of a sudden, he becomes Ray Leota.
And it looks like Old Crater, of course.
Like James Woods had intercourse with Wayne Heisinger or something.
Well, not only that, but they usually do a pretty good job when they find an actor to play somebody
when he's going.
Yeah.
And this was like as bad as it could have been.
The kid is a dark, complex, dark-haired, white woman.
Exactly.
And Ray Leota, who's even pasteier-faced than you are, and got craters of the size of Mount Rushmore.
I don't know.
He looked at the book.
I know, I'm nitpicking again.
It's a good movie.
I'm not going to say it's not good, but Boyz got a lot of flaws.
Yes it does.
Not the least of which is that the whole narration thing.
I know.
Yeah, you're right.
It sends me right to the bull.
Just sends me.
Unnecessary.
Remember Sam Cook said, you send me right to the motel.
Look at that.
Oh, he's here.
Here comes one of them bullets again.
Too bad the Clark Kent wasn't there.
So who was telling me that they're watching the small villain again?
Wasn't me.
Now somebody was telling me this season.
Oh, maybe it was Adam.
It was Adam and then he quit.
Adam and sales boy, I'd say that sales department back there.
Are they doing a job or what?
These guys every time you think you reach the new low at the QM sales department level,
you they come up with new.
It's just shocking.
It's astonishing.
If we didn't have a whole bunch of people walking around with Rolex watches from trade outs,
we didn't have all those trade spots on here.
We'd be doing a dollar a holler just like across the street.
Don't feel too bad, Joel.
We may have the numbers, but you got to spot.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.O.
Hello, everybody.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers of your 12th Owen Howard is brought to you by the Let It 12.
What do people buy tickets every night?
My total of 12.
So, license of pizza.
All for me.
It ends up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
up, up, up, to the right time and now to bring some things around. Then you walked in the studio to put the whole as fast
Let me read that, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, e-
I can't dirty this oil, I don't care if italls your stuff to death, it's no good. Do you know who it's more important?
for me who survived you. You grant me, body so never-retuned, entitled it to be signed.
I only had learned to give a shrewd in a snippet of a slice of the pizza.
I want your pizza.
I'll take that pizza.
I want to give you a shrewd.
Trevor wants to speak to you.
Kill me for the moment from the Bianca Center, the Bank of Atlantic Center,
to get ready for that big hockey game tonight. Any interest?
The Red Hot Ottawa Senators against your struggling Florida Panthers.
Although the Panthers have one, two in a row, side by each.
I think that's the first time this season I do believe.
Pretty sure. No, actually, in the beginning they did pretty good.
The first few games then they went into a little tail spin.
Now that they finally dumped Christian Hoseley, it's only better things can happen.
Tampa Woman sues ex-Panthers cheerleader.
Remember that story about that business in the Abar?
Yeah, how could you forget?
A woman sued a former Carolina Panthers cheerleader containing that she was punched at a bar
and seeking more than $15,000 for her injuries.
Melissa Holden, she still holding it.
Melissa Holden, a tank of Fowl-The-Los-Hood Friday.
It said Victoria Renee Thomas intentionally, willfully and maliciously assaulted and battered her.
I've been humiliated and said, hold on, 26-year-old university is not for a student and there's people assume I have a boyfriend or a husband who beat me up.
Thomas is attorney William Bunting Jr., the client of comment Friday because neither here or Thomas had seen the lawsuit.
He didn't return her phone message left to the zorfus over the weekend.
This was from SI.com. Holden was waiting in line in the bathroom with a Tampa Barn of Ember 6.
When Thomas punched her police, Thomas and another cheerleader, Angela Keithley, had emerged from a stall after Pickeren's yelled at them to get their all out of there already.
They were in there doing lesbian stuff.
Yeah.
Thomas, 20, a Pittsburgh North Carolina faces a battery charge into other charges of using a false name.
Angela Keithley, 26, a Belmont North Carolina. See, that's the North Carolina trailer trash.
Yeah.
Face the charges of stripping officer and disorderly conduct.
Now we know why George likes it, says nothing to be fired, and it'll be back in North Carolina.
You know what?
Loose trailer trash.
Some witnesses said Thomas and Keithley were having sex in the stall, but Thomas later denied that.
She and Keithley have since been fired to did from the top cats, cheerleading squad.
The Carolina Panthers.
Let's see, who do they be yesterday of Atlanta, huh?
Yeah.
We'll talk about mediocrity, baby. All these teams they're in, they're out there after that.
A lot of mediocre teams in that league, baby.
You got Indianapolis, Colts, and then you got the rest of the league.
Am I right about that?
There's some good teams, but you got the Colts, and you got the rest of the league, and you're just not saying nothing.
Because you think they're going to lose the game.
I'll say, right, I don't think nobody's going to beat the Colts.
Okay.
And then I think it would be a good time after they go on, if he didn't sweep on through and win a Super Bowl championship.
I think that'd be a good time for Sandy Payton, Maine to come out.
You're fair, right?
That'd be great.
Oh, my God.
That would be good.
Huh?
That would be interesting.
Super Bowl champion, World Champion quarterback, comes out of the closet.
Oh, God.
In fact, you look at him and you think, oh, please stay in.
So anyway, let's get back to these goiim, okay?
This is what's got me whipped up into a frenzy.
And obviously the audience, because religious nuts are what you can't stand.
We can't stand them.
Take all your fairy tales and bury them in the ground somewhere.
Put them in the space capsule.
The article says, who rave for a hollywood?
So this is from the Toronto Star Noil, as yesterday, written by Tony Wong, the entertainment reporter.
Barbara Nicolosi has one problem with movies that have a Christian message.
She thinks most of them are God awful.
And they're quite a play on words there.
They're God awful.
That's cute.
I get it.
Is God awful or what?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
But his wrath shall wax hot and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy.
Heavans Nicolosi hates to remember make the best films, but the former nun wants to change that.
Heavans make the best films.
No wonder there aren't a lot of believers.
So there's so much horrible work out there, says Nicolosi.
Founder of Los Angeles-based Act One, an organization affiliated with the top Christian writers and filmmakers in Hollywood.
The story of the current rise of Christianity in Hollywood is the tale of the lion, the nun, and the billionaire.
What a lion going on.
By the way, speaking of the liars, did the clearance come in yet?
No, but Greg did.
He did?
Yes.
Said, hi, Ann.
Ask me about my IBS.
Yeah.
What do you mean he asks you about your IBS?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
How do you know you have IBS?
Did we talk about that?
That's Irreignable Valsen, by the way, did you summon him?
No, I blame my wife.
Oh.
What's he doing?
Looks fine.
The story of the current rise of Christianity in Hollywood is the tale of the lion, the nun, and the billionaire.
The movie industry has become a big time porting in Belieger actor experiencing the power of faith-based marketing.
This Friday, Disney and partner walled in media releases, The Chronicles of Narnia, the lion, the witch and the wardrobe,
which has the potential to be the biggest hit yet with Christian audiences.
We got Christian music, Christian video games, Christian movies, Christian yellow pages.
Narnia was greenlighted a week after the release of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ,
which grossed more than $600 million worldwide.
How can it be a sentence missing here?
Look at me.
Many people in the Christian community turned their back on Hollywood.
There was a feeling that working in Hollywood was wrong, that you'd lose your soul said, Nika Loci,
we've washed our hands of the entertainment industry.
He's active in the Presbyterian Church is what it says.
But that attitude has changed dramatically since the success of The Passion of the Christ.
Nika Loci, co-editor behind the screen, Hollywood insiders on Faith Film and Cultures,
he formed back one as an affirmative action for Christians.
We have to earn our right to sit at the table again, says Nika Loci.
I wonder if that's the Passover table like Jesus said that.
Is that the one she's talking about? Have a little wine.
Try the wine, honey.
How come they only sat on that one side?
Look, it's the going we're all kept on one side.
To that end on the far right.
To that end, Nika Loci's organization trains Christians to work in TV and fill out the guidance
of some of the tech course that weren't in the Goi-Amen of the tap industry and professionals
that committed Christians, including Ralph Wooder, executive producer of the X-Men series
and Dean Matali, executive producer of that 70 show.
All figures, I told you that little Mexican McQueen on there is the Andy Christ.
Whatever he is.
Oh, I know what he is.
It'll take time but the seeds are there since Nika Loci was spent nine years in a comment
because for studying film and working in Hollywood, it's not just happening in Hollywood
as they move into it's happening all over.
I have another one for the poll by the way, Screaming Queens.
Got it?
We got it.
I'm serious. I'm not sorry about that.
I'm going to change my vote.
For proof that the intersection of Hollywood and Christianity is gained a three-level momentum
on more than one continent in the most unlikely places, you have to take a drive to Scarborough.
At Scarborough, Ontario, eh?
And then there are things missing on this story.
So some kid, 14-year-old Wesley, flips a DVD into his father's laptop and dims the lights.
The viewers don't know but they're part of a radical experiment that could change the way movies are marketed.
They're among the first to see the Canadian-produced movie left behind World of War,
starring Lou Gosling Jr. and Kirk Cameron.
Oh, God. I thought he was a born again, not Kirk Cameron tonight.
Oh, we do it all the while.
The movie expands out events described in the biblical book of revelations where Christians ascend to heaven,
leaving non-believers behind.
Oh, please take us with you.
On second thought, here are going to be there. We'll stay here.
What's that big? They're all going up there. We can still stay here.
Bye-bye.
The twist is that the film isn't available to your local cineplex.
Produces of the Saturday film that they'll distribute this film directly to 3,200 churches across North America simultaneously
and St. Beaties and Scarborough's part of that world debut.
It was a great meant in Scarborough.
There's a lot of darkened at A-time in Scarborough.
By the way, a lot of shootings going on.
It was a great message, a wonderful movie that really drove the point home, says Callison,
who will use the movie to illustrate his Sunday sermon.
After all, nobody wants to left behind.
You want to be left behind?
I've already had that.
Especially Hollywood, while not all films have the box office grossing part of Narnia,
Hollywood hasn't been blinded by the fact that churches typically have video equipment, big screens,
and lots and lots of pews.
But so far, no one's had the host, but a release they filmed directly to the church,
skipping theaters altogether, asking Catherine's Ontario-based cloud 10 pictures is done.
How do you like that?
It goes on, you can read it on our website.
Her rate for Hollywood.
The glam are going to outdo everybody, baby, and Disney has sold out an ABC.
They've got a Christian story on their last ten minutes of every newscast.
Brother.
Speaking of that, speaking of perverts,
Lune Rubbing shuts Peristatu.
Hmm?
Peret Le Shays Cemetery in Paris is fenced off a famous tomb to prevent Lune acts being performed on a statue.
Can you see this?
Nope.
The effigy of 19th century journalist known as Victor Noir has long been popular with women visitors.
This is partly due to his reputation as a romantic figure, and partly because of the effigy's design.
Officials concerned about damage to the icons groin area have erected a fence around the grave,
and a sign probiting in decent rubbing.
Noir, whose real name was Evann Salman, was killed by Pierre Baudepart,
a great nephew of the Emperor Napoleon, after bearing him a challenge to a duel.
According to the story, he was due to get married that after he was killed,
well probably a say to him a lot of grief.
The statue shows Noir in a frock coat and trousers line flat on his back,
with a distinct enlargement of the groin.
The effigy's been held as an aid to love or fertility.
It is said that a woman who kisses the lips of the prostrate statue
and slips the flower into the upturned top head will fight a husband by the end of the year.
A new sign warns any damage caused by graffiti or indecent rubbing will be prosecuted, okay?
No more indecent, enough of the indecent rubbing. Got it? Got it.
Okay, let's see what we got on this poll.
Probably take maybe three or four thousand more calls before two,
before Gelly in for the moment.
And Gelly says it shows better when he does it, and now he says it in that bit all the time.
I can't stand, again, no individual names were really getting very tired of all that picking on the same,
half dozen old farts, even though they were well deserved it,
but I can't stand religious nut, 366,
South Florida driver's 95, the U.S. government 80,
New Yorker's 63, Phonese 63,
Loudmouth's 40, and I see some connectivity there.
People who stink 42, South Florida 41, this poll's 33.
By the way, people who stink, it's not just people that like fart a lot or don't take a bath,
it's people that like put on way too much cologne, correct, perfume.
Oh, Gelly, are we going to elevate it with all those people?
Are you kidding me? I look at you.
You could swoon.
You could swoon.
People who stink 42, South Florida's being a stink 41, this poll's 33.
Rednex 31, black people 31, how about black rednex?
I still, I turned it that story last week, it's a true story last Wednesday,
I still can't believe that anybody could be that rednecky and that stupid.
Sure.
To sit down next to a total stranger, somebody that haven't got any ID who I am and say to me,
oh, I can't stand it when people aren't white, when anything.
You should have said it or Jews either.
I was so flabbergasted, I didn't know what the hell you said.
I know that that's taking you back.
You didn't know what the screamer pealed out of banana.
God, can't stand it when anybody who is a white wins anything?
Drunk 29, stupid people 25, his Spanish 23, go to the dentist 21, Jews 18,
people on cell phones 11, so Greg came in to show that he was there, huh?
My in-laws 9, I mean, when's the last time he came in to make a small talk with you?
I don't know, a couple weeks ago.
My in-laws 9, FPNL 8, being Mary 8, telephone solicitor 7, obese people 5,
white people 5, how about white, obese white people?
Them to, how about fat Albert?
Reality shows for homeless voice people 3, sports nerds 3, the FCC,
Salomente Uno, one for fags, one for free loaders, one for radio chronos,
none yet for screaming queens or doctors.
How about doctors or screaming queens, 177 votes.
We're going to be way over 1100 by 1 o'clock today.
We are just shockingly a radio world, you know what?
So what else does Greg have to say?
Better be better, like that?
No, not even like that.
This is Neil Rogers.
It's 5.69 a.m.
Meos oscaros!
As a new bro hustling, battle with the disco hollering.
Get it!
It's 5.69 a.m.
Shake like a monster boy, you will be new to shot.
Hang in to the knees.
This is it!
Won't have got a baby, the whole of cream cheese.
Oi!
Oi!
Oi!
These are my son, my son, my son, my son, and...
I'm their kosher disco king.
These are my son, my son, my son, and...
He's got to be my son, and...
Fight out!
Oi!
Boogie, boogie, schmoggy, yeah!
We've got to be much made, the way you all are.
You can back, we are broken.
Oi!
We've got to be much made, the way you're tall.
Hey, first, what do you say we grab an X in there?
He's got a good cheer, y'all look at him, this is no jah.
I can eat much, chicken liver, then any men are wise.
Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
Fight now!
Why do you stand on me?
Life is a will.
Life is a will.
Fight out, there's no shakia, who cares?
We've got to be much made, the way you all are.
We've got to be much made, the way you're all right.
He's got some, but so much, but so much, some...
He's got a good cheer, y'all look at him.
These are lots of motos so many.
Thanks so many.
He's got a beat, ahape no way.
Maybe we can try more but he wants us to play a virgin.
And he's trying to show them how much he says his first infancy
Revised by evolution.
But even if it's hard, he loves us,
He matters to us too.
I'm here and I'm living up to my promise, you know?
So far?
Yeah, you don't like that one though, do you?
I like Matsu, that's okay.
About once a year is good.
And like Matsu, once every once in a lifetime is good
and then you realize it tastes like cardboard.
All of it's some bread and some butter and salt.
Now we got a fast 98 votes.
I bet if I refreshed it, we'd have 1100.
But the most important thing is now when Greg came into the pretend that he'd like you?
Well, always.
Oh, 1100 votes on a pool, 1100 even.
Oh, there's only 1220.
That is shocking.
Professor Luz's weight would no diet diet.
I'll be damned.
Do you know that after I ate that half gallon of ice cream and it is a true story, by the way, last week?
Yes.
Leslie's heavily hash.
A bigger part?
Sit down.
My blood sugar was fine the next day and I was down like, let's see.
Yesterday morning, I was down to 191.
That's the lowest I weighed in a very long time.
I'm forced to just morning in fact, 193.
But that's not because I ate so much.
It's that water thing, you know?
Right.
So I'm, maybe I was like tilting to one side, but it wasn't too bad.
It's not a good idea to go out and eat a half gallon or even a quarter of ice cream.
But nevertheless, you can do it once in a great while.
And it kind of like keeps you going.
It's like heroin and addicts, I guess.
Isn't that a good analogy?
I don't know what it does very much like.
I don't know if I could keep you going for a while.
It's like methadone.
Yeah.
When Stephen Hawks was tempted by ice cream bars,
M&M's and Toffee covered almonds at the grocery store,
he doesn't pass them up.
He fills up his shopping cart.
Well, you go Steve.
What is it? M&M's.
I'd rather have smarties there.
I was going to eat them.
No, actually I do like M&M's.
They have those little bags once in a while.
You want one of those?
Yeah, just enough sugar in there to keep me calm down.
You know what I mean?
The real small bags?
I don't like envelopes of M&M's.
You know, not even envelopes.
Like, it's like, little, the small ones.
Like a small envelope.
It's the no diet diet and approach to the Brigham Young University Health Science Professor
who used to lose 50 pounds to keep it off for more than five years.
I'll ride.
I like his style.
Hawks calls his plane intuitive eating
and thinks the rest of the country would be better off if people stopped counting calories,
started paying attention to hunger,
paying some ate whatever they wanted.
Oh yeah, that's my kind of diet, baby.
Stop counting calories, start paying attention to hunger,
pains and ate whatever they wanted.
As part of intuitive eating, Hawks surrounds himself with unhealthy foods he especially craves.
He says having an overabundance of what's taboo helps him lose his desire to gorge.
And that's right.
I think he's got a point.
I think I had a little bit of that no diet diet last week.
Well, let us know how it works out.
In fact, after I made me a gallon would do it.
If I had a gallon, maybe lose my appetite the rest of the week.
Just imagine what a gallon would do, huh?
I'm diet on the here.
Wow.
There is a catch to this no diet diet, however.
Intuitive eaters eat only eat when they're hungry and stop when they're full.
That means not eating your box of chocolates when you're feeling bluer
to eat a big plate of nachos just because everybody else at the table is.
The tradeoff has the chance to eat whatever your heart desires when you're actually hungry.
Like you, every morning a same old crap.
Oh, I'm starving.
You're not starving.
Yes, I am.
No, you're not.
Both of you.
The same old crap.
No, you're not.
You're just conditioned to having all that free food.
You're all like you're headed.
You know, light headed my ass.
Probably.
Do you know how long you have to go without eating before your light headed?
Get out of here.
Yeah.
Like 12 hours at least.
No, get out of town, man.
You're dreaming.
Well, some of us don't have all the reserves of fat like some of them.
How's your ABS doing, by the way?
It's, you know, it's.
Does he also have irritable bowel?
We can only hope, Greg.
I don't know.
I don't think he was saying.
No, then why would he ask you that?
I think he's concerned about me.
Oh, my God.
We must have a bad connection here.
Oh, yeah.
That was one of the all-time, I can't believe I heard what I just heard.
I'm sure he's, yeah, very concerned.
It was just a, not very clever way of coming in and showing, hey, here I am.
I'm here and et cetera and so on.
Yeah, something I think he probably planted those stories.
Now, what were you telling me about that horse that used to race at the middlelands magical mic?
Is that what it was?
Magical mic?
Right.
That means not needing a diagnosis or that.
The tradeoff is the chance to eat whatever your heart is as when you're actually hungry.
One of the advantages of intuitive eating is you're always eating things that are most appealing to you,
not out of emotional reasons, not because it's there and tastes good, he said.
Whenever you feel the physical urge to eat something accepted and eat it, the craving tends to subside.
I don't have anywhere near the cravings that what is it restrained eat or you know something?
I think that's a good point.
You know what, one of the things I do all the time is I'll have lunch.
I'll make like a couple of brought words to something.
And then after I finish because I'm not full and I still am craving that something sweet,
then I'll go out and get my ice cream or candy or some crap.
As opposed to if I just went out and got the ice cream in the first place,
indeed, didn't eat the brought words to the other that I didn't really want anyway.
You follow what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
It would have been a hell of a lot less.
You follow me, Mr. Zagas.
I know I just have a logic of it.
I just, you know, whatever.
Good luck.
One of the, hey, listen, I'm still going strong, baby.
You only wish yours healthy as I am.
Mr. Mr. Always Sick, Mr. Irritable Bowel.
Mr. How's your Kiske's doing?
What are the advantages, my big friend?
I said, how you doing?
One of the advantages of intuitive eating is you're always eating things that are most appealing to you,
not out of emotional reasons, not because it's their entase to it, he said,
whenever you feel the physical urgency, something you're scepted and eat it,
the craving tends to subside.
I don't have anywhere near the cravings that what does every street need you, he said.
Talk should know, in 1989, the Utah native had a job at North Carolina State University.
We're all in, we wanted to return to his home state, but at 210 pounds, a real porker,
he didn't think a fat person could get a job teaching students how to be healthy.
So his calorie counting began.
He lost weight cut to job at Utah State, but the pound soon came back.
For several years, his weight fluctuates until he eventually gave up on being restrained,
either in the weight stayed on.
You'd definitely lose weight on a diet, but resisting biological pressures is ultimately doomed, he said.
Seven years later, and still overweight, his new job at Brigham Young,
Hux decided it was time for lifestyle change.
He stopped feeling guilty by eating salt and vinegar potato chips.
He also stopped eating when he wasn't hungry.
Slowly and steadily, his weight began to drop, exercise up.
His friends in co-work assumed to have noticed that he slumbered Hux.
It astonished me, actually, he said, his friend Stephen Peck.
We were both very heavy, it was hard not to be struck.
He loves him, by the way, a bookshelf and a peck.
I got it.
After watching Hux lose and keep the weight off for a year and a half peck tried to eat him in January,
I was pretty skeptical of the idea.
You can do anything you want so you don't feel like it.
It struck me as odd said, Peck, who's an assistant professor at BYU.
But 11 months later, Peck sometimes eats mid chocolate chip ice cream for dinner.
It's 35 pounds lighter and is a believer in intuitive eating.
Chocolate chip ice cream for dinner, all I can say to that is fat.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
I'm going to have to go to the next one.
Oh, I...
Yes, sir?
Yes?
Do you notice the bites of bass dropping with bushes and prudel rating?
WQA and hello.
More in the open.
I get your facts number, please.
Our facts number is 305.
What are you going to fast do us before I give in the number?
Well, I want to send you a thing about this body wash by Tommy Hilfinger.
But you read the ad for it.
You didn't believe me last week, so I was going to send you the bad for it.
It's a pretty nice show.
OK.
OK.
You want the answer?
Yes.
You're just going to keep...
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
OK, I'll be quiet.
305.
650.
0198.
0198.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Now, let's see.
He's going to send us to think about Tommy Hilfinger.
I thought it was something grotesque he was going to put on last week.
And probably it was.
And still, it will be.
Anybody that uses Tommy Hilfinger body wash is...
I guarantee you a Josh Kordis would be caught dead washing with that.
Tommy's think finger?
No, not me.
No, Tommy Hilfinger.
567-0560.
How about the Jacques Cousteau body wash?
Now, there's an oldie that we could go for.
Yeah.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, what exactly is Cox a hoist?
Is that like an overhead position?
Yeah.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, this is a comment for George.
Quick H-U.
And he already knows that.
Old news.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hello, Nail.
In fact, he probably is just coming in to make sure you still do have irritable balls so we can enjoy it.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Great.
I was car shopping over the weekend for Corvette.
And I realized that you're so dedicated to that automobile.
Maybe thanks.
Did you have your Corvette shift up to Toronto?
Absolutely not.
I have no car here now.
Oh, you must really miss it.
No.
No, you still have it.
I missed the car.
I got two of them.
I missed the cars, but I don't miss driving them because I like to stay alive.
I like to have the survival instinct, which is why I made it this far, I think.
I got it.
The last few years, the revenue in South Florida became such a hassle.
And believe me, the drivers here are no picnic either.
I got a camp guy that takes me everywhere I want to go.
And the driving here is almost as obnoxious as it is there.
Sorry, just I don't miss that.
Oh, you're living a better life than now.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Just wanted to know.
You take care.
Good luck to you.
Enjoy your vet.
I get out there one night on I-75 by 3 in the morning and crank that baby up to about 150 mile an hour and see what happens.
It's the greatest automobile I ever had, the 2005, but then get a lot of usage and that's fine.
It's just the way I like it.
Now, who the hell is Troy always bugging me to drive my Corvette?
No chance, Troy.
You're not my type.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
Uncle Mio.
Yes, I am.
Hi, how are you?
I'm great how you.
I'm very fine.
I just want to let you know that after listening quite a few, a few times to Jimmy Saffelow doing his own hair.
Yes, come to.
I have come to the conclusion that if you listen to him and he gets excited before a big plate, he lowers his voice and it gets real scratching.
And he sounds just like Tom Carvell.
I could have sworn that punchy the whale sport to touchdown yesterday.
I'll tell you one thing.
You remember that old saying ice cream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream?
Well, Jimmy Saffelow is a screamer.
So that kind of fits in.
If you ever hear it, you will get hysterical.
I almost, I almost just let myself listen to him.
It was so fun.
He gets really low and you know, could be a twist is going for touchdown.
I'll be damned.
Check it out.
Okay, thanks.
Love you to pieces.
See ya.
Bye.
Jimmy Saffelow isn't getting exactly rare reviews even though of course the sports local sports broad cast writers are like sucking up big time.
And then again, just like they would do rich walls, they got no opinion about anybody.
You know, there's just everybody's doing a great job.
Everybody's wonderful.
And including them.
You know, Jim Sarny and Barry Jackass, between the two of them if they had an IQ,
a bigger than the thumbnail will be a miracle.
Pathetic.
But if it's in like a rubber glove in South Florida, just like Jimmy Sifilis does.
And Gelly, butch up on those hockey broad cast.
Really, please.
You see, if it was me, I can't say that.
I don't know.
Maybe he's got the hockey package of the size.
I don't know what is doing with it.
But if I was prepared to embark on a career doing that, I'd be listening to a lot of other people not to try to imitate somebody else like right there,
Randy there with a peanut butter in the top shelf.
But I crap rip it off for a generate.
I wouldn't be doing that.
But I like, I would hear how it's actually done by the people are the best and try to create my own style based on how you broadcast the game as opposed to.
I see, yeah, brand-of-cane scars.
And that's just not broadcasting the game, baby.
That's not it.
And I try to give him lots of support, lots of kudos there to beginning.
I thought he was the sound.
And okay, I haven't listened 40 seconds here.
And maybe about three minutes.
But he needs to crank that act up a little bit.
No one was saying crank it up.
I made Gelly.
That's it.
We got Gelly at the Yanta Center with two.
And then of course, Mad Dog sandwich in between one of his couple of days of rough work this week.
Four to six thirty two and a half hours.
And then we got Panther people with six thirty that aforementioned game.
This is a makeup game that was canceled during the hurricane.
The Ottawa Center is the highly touted and how great Ottawa Center is to play the Panther 7 o'clock tonight.
Eddie K. Fall is a hockey game.
Burt's it up, y'all.
This is Neil Rogers.
You fail it.
Space 5.62 a.m.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Gary doesn't know when his microphone is on.
And that's when he says, but it's time to say things.
And now all of his verbal gaps are on one amazing video.
It's John Kerry gone wild.
It might not be a popular opinion, but damn it.
I love Cheely.
Great moving.
Yes, John Kerry is running for president.
And he's running his mouth.
And we've captured every jaw dropping statement on.
John Kerry gone wild.
I'd love to shake my hand.
But I've got to get back so I can get where I can go over.
Some reason I'm strangely attracted to Carson.
It's comical.
It's controversial.
It's downright creepy.
It's John Kerry gone wild.
I don't care what you do to Ralph Nader.
Just make it look like an accident.
Order in the next 10 minutes and you also get this special bonus video.
John Kerry gone wild.
Snoop dog style.
What up?
He's done.
Kerry is up in the hisel for shizzle my nizzle.
Where are you?
Get both John Kerry gone wild videos for the Lolo campaign.
Contribution of only $49.95.
It's off money.
Go now.
It's $1154.
The number on our poll and it's only a quarter to one.
How do you like that?
$12.45 and a poll is alive.
They love our poll.
$11.50.
What's the line we need?
Huh?
What's not the line?
We're going to get $1300 by the end of the day.
During the show today.
That goes to show if we start tomorrow's right now.
I can't stand.
No individual names, please.
That's the poll.
Remember, come up with this by like on Friday by accident.
Can't stand.
So many things we can't stand.
Religious nut 384.
They're way out ahead of the pack.
All them getchkeys.
South Florida drivers 98th.
The US government 86th.
Fonese 69.
New Yorker 66.
Loudmouths 50.
South Florida 43.
People who stink 43.
This pearl 34.
Can't stand it.
Stupid people 33.
Redneck 33.
Black people 33.
Drunks.
Dr.
Hispanic 23.
Gorbidemist 23.
Jews 19.
Can't stand you.
People on cell phones 12.
Telephone solicitors 10.
My in-laws 9.
OBS people 9.
FPL 8.
Being married 8.
Reality show 6.
Sports 106.
White people 5.
Screaming Queen.
Scravers 4.
Homeless village people.
Homeless voice.
Homeless village.
Oh, I got a little confused.
I tied those two together.
Homeless voice people 3.
Fags 3.
The FCC 2.
Three loaders 2.
Radio-cronic 1.
And doctors so far the big.
They love their doctors, man.
Boy, you people run for a big surprise.
They want to most of you die out there.
You trust those butchers, those grave robbers.
All they're doing man is running the big scam men
and their detail men.
Just the details, please.
You know that scam that goes on?
That's why air readdoctor you'll ever go to is got a big,
closet full of pills.
Yeah.
Oh, and every one of them is a pill doctor.
Oh, I'm not really a pill doctor, yes you are.
They all deny it but they're all pill doctors
and that's because they're all in the take.
Right?
From the detail men, from the pharmaceutical companies
that are killing most of you.
5.
6.
7.
0.
5.
60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, you know.
Hi, Neil.
I'm seeing it all now.
I'm driving down the road today getting on 95
with Okochowia Boulevard.
There's a big sign.
Aura is God.
Oh my God.
Pretty bad.
Disgusting.
But what are you going to do?
Sign America is the Chinese say.
Sign America.
We'll have a nice day, Mary Christmas.
Happy New Year.
You're right.
Bye.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Everybody else is obnoxious with their religion.
Why should they be loved out?
Happy Shenuka, man.
Happy Shenuka, Mary Christmas.
Happy Kwanzaa.
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary.
You can see that movie all fall down.
Very, very.
We all get that one for you, too.
You'd like it.
I'll take them.
Who knows?
Is that Liz Taylor?
No, I don't know.
Oh, I'm not Google it.
Do it.
All fall down.
Carmel Holdens in it.
Brand into world, isn't it?
They brand them.
I said, damn it.
Jesus Christ.
10.
10.
Oh, is Jesus in that one?
I'm thinking we're going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I'm going to be in the next episode.
I saw her first.
That's a brand in the world.
I saw her first.
Very, very well too bad.
You know about Warren Beatty.
There's stories about him in Hollywood.
That's what I heard.
They said the brand.
And you may be a cute kid, but you sure can't measure up to your brother.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I'm sure he couldn't.
Who could?
56070560.
Don't answer the question.
Just a rhetorical question.
Okay.
Let's move along.
Erkle Milty.
And pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Well, maybe he had a good moral.
It didn't have bad aim.
That big lead.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know.
Just for the family, it was keep going today.
Make sure he included Q&A in Miami, man.
I hate him.
Take a photo for the Recon.
I hate him.
Stop.
I thought we had his Spanish to cover it all.
And then when I should add to it.
Well, if you happen to be a Hispanic,
then you hate those other Hispanics.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
We can't, if we're going to like dissect every sect, you know.
It's like the fern, like the leading one.
They were born together.
Religious nuts.
I know.
So many different categories in there.
Well, you started it with the bags and then the screening queens.
Well, I know.
There's a difference.
Believe me.
There's a big difference there.
As far as you, Julio, it's only, you're the only ones who see the difference.
You know.
Yes.
Maybe you smell it.
Maybe you know, maybe you think that the Mexican smell different from your Cubans.
Okay.
And the Recon smell different from the Nicaragua ones.
I don't know.
And the Chinese smell well.
And the India people.
So it's made in a kid curry.
WQA M Hello.
You wait here.
I'm not going to go to the African show.
WQA M Hello.
And yeah.
Yes sir.
You know, by the way, Al Franken started 51 minutes ago.
Case Muxo, you sure as hell stuck around too long.
Go ahead sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The reason the doctors give that so many pills is because you ever see those pharmacy sales reps?
Hot hot chips.
They also doctor.
I don't know if they ever saw one female detail person in my life.
They're all been guys.
But maybe you know, maybe you know, maybe you're a little bit more.
Oh, they are.
Hot hot hot.
The guy is okay.
Well, okay.
You don't remember the folding lady?
Huh?
You don't remember the folding lady?
Yes, maybe.
She's the only one I can think of.
All the detail men I've ever known or heard ever seen in doctors or offices were all.
Oh no, I take that back.
Once did the Cleveland Finic.
There was a lady, a detail lady.
And she was there with some old bag too, who evidently was with her.
I don't know whether it was her mother or her girlfriend.
What it was?
Yeah.
It's a real ducky looking old bag.
5670560, pound five 60 leave, Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WQIAM, hello.
Very Neil.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was sitting here show on Friday.
I got some bits and pieces of it.
I remember you talking about a...
Even the front-ruckers, why is it...
You have to take a big Joyce afterwards.
Because they butter the butter.
I just never...
Every time I ever ate there, I had a Joyce coming out of me within five minutes.
Right.
And that's it.
Tell them, tell them, hold the butter, baby, when they tell, give me the butter.
Because you know how they...
You know, they make everything custom made for it, but they have a habit.
They shmere they...
They just shmere the...
They have fun with butter.
So tell them, hold the butter.
It's like when you go to a roof press the same thing.
They brought all the steaks in butter, but as you ask them to hold the butter,
they don't...
They don't use the butter, and then you don't have to make a quick run.
Because they give you so much food there ordinarily.
If you...
You know, if you have like...
Like you and me, with the irritable bowel.
Oh yeah.
If you have a sensitive stomach or God forbid irritable bowel,
then you go there and they butter their...
Oh, brother, you have to make a...
Beeline.
Just pray that there's nobody in there.
That's a good thing we don't do the show in the same place anymore.
My Zen, you imagine the...
The symphony if we ever did go to the magic room together?
I'll pass the chorus, the duet.
Although maybe that's what Lionel Tate was saying.
I thought I'd say he heard voices, but maybe he hears the symphony.
Maybe he's been in the QMT room.
5, 6, 7, open.
And by the way, if you go in there, don't steal the pizza.
We got one guy in our staff.
I don't want to mention no names.
He probably eats...
He probably eats in the...
A...
T-room.
Oh, for me!
No one goes in thinking of that one.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Well, in order to maintain that girth, you don't have a lot of...
A lot of downtime from your eating, oh my God.
Carry's food in his pockets.
Oh, yeah.
By the way, here they put a new lock on the prize door in here,
so we can't steal him or candy bars.
Hey fat boy, you idiot!
He's doing a lot of a job for us too, and a copy like today.
That whole operation back there, if they still had the electric chair, believe me,
we'd have some people including ourselves, Mangler.
courtesy me first online up there.
Although now that we got all these new, what is the guy's name?
Biff Buzz, Biff Poke Robo.
What's that guy from New York?
Jeff Brett?
Brett, that's it.
Brett Boone.
Boone's a bar earlier today.
What's he got for us so far?
What did he sell?
He's gonna send you something to add on to the Emerald Coast copy.
Well, you know, something that's wonderful, okay?
And when is he gonna send it, by the way, for a year from Sookas?
That's fine, but that's an account that he inherited from Troy,
who inherited it from somebody else, who inherited it from way back at IOD,
from 100 years ago.
Go out and sell something, okay?
Go sell something.
And it's embarrassing.
It's humiliating and degrading when he got the numbers that we got as many as Indian people listening.
And this sales department only knows what the hell they're working on.
But maybe each other.
Well, you knew that.
Yeah.
Well, I did know that.
By the way, how's Greg doing?
Deputy QAM, hello.
How are you doing today, sir?
Great.
I got a, I got some stories for you.
I was watching the news about two days, three days ago.
And with my daughter.
And this guy came on and talking about Harry Potter and how it's drawing people to witchcraft.
Oh, yeah.
And frankly, the French saying after singing that witchcraft, I hear it.
It was my daughter looked at me and he thought it was a comedy skit.
She's like, it's seven years old.
Is that, you know, he looked at me like, it was just really funny.
And I was just staring at it like, oh my God.
Is actually people like this.
This is like the flat earth crowd have taken over America.
The, the, the, the, the, the, the loniest, the French element they've taken over the country.
You know, and you can see their track record thousands of years and they haven't really made a bed.
They're still fighting until, you know?
Yeah.
Who's writing?
Give it a good old time, a legend, baby.
Yeah.
Well, you guys have a good day.
I'll, I'll see you down below with the originnings.
Yeah, put my boat with a religious prairie.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
I'm going.
Let's pray for us.
Okay.
Let's pray, but we'll cut the heart.
And oh, you've raised me.
You're all the sort of crap.
All the government might sees all the time.
All the big business tax-free business.
Not too late.
I say we get a combination of that Kevin Chudow guy and a religious thing and get the two of
it together.
Put a little cross in with every one of those books that he sells.
A little crucifix.
Maybe a misvisual as well.
How about a little menorah?
We'll sell our make-your-own crucifix.
Okay, no, horror.
Let's get a menorah.
What do you say?
All right.
In fact, let's go for pizza at Flora.
So that's not there anymore, huh?
Any form of Flora's did we find that up for here?
I don't know.
Oh, and when I was just going to ask you something very important before the break, how do you
feel about the Zerid?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 16Q.
A.
The one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
If anything strikes more fear in the hearts of criminals than two bicycle cops, it's
two cops on one bicycle.
They're getting away.
You're not peddling fast enough.
I am too shut up and steer.
It's tandem force.
This bicycle bill for two is one big problem for a crumb.
We have a 318 and problem.
All units are stunned.
Let's roll.
I got the front.
Wait, you had the front last time.
Okay, fine.
Take the front, but you have to make the siren sound too.
No way.
The rules say the guy in back makes the siren sound.
Whatever.
Let's go.
They're taking a fight out of crumb.
Foulter.
Fine.
But you need to warn me next time you make a turn.
One, oh, one at five, 60, WQM, our big one and two hour.
Don't forget guilty for the momeister at two.
Mome will be back tomorrow, though.
Have no fear.
And Greg is in the building.
Everybody out there was all worried about that.
Greg is here.
No sweat.
No problems.
They were very concerned about George's hell.
I got an article that's very long, but I'm going to read anyway one
in the lines about Neil Bush.
Good.
John Gorenfield on alternate writes, Neil Bush meets the Messiah.
Why is the president's younger brother, Neil, touring with the leader of the moonies?
Those who stray from the heavenly way, the owner of the flagship Republican newspaper,
The Washington Times, a monished and audience in Taipei on Friday, will be punished.
This heavenly way, the Reverend Sun Young Moon, explained, demands a 51 mile underwater highway
spanning Alaska and Russia.
Sitting in the front row, Neil Bush, the brother of the president of the USA,
Reverend Sun Young Moon, the South Korean janitor, religious writer, owns the Washington Times
on a hundred cities speaking tour to promote his $200 billion peace king tunnel dream.
As he describes it, the tunnel would be both a monument to his magnificence and a totem
to his prophecy of a unified planet earth.
In this vision, the United Nations would be reinvented as an instrument of God's plan
and democracy and sexual freedom would crumble in the face of his faith-based glory.
The name peace king tunnel would allude to the title of authority to which Moon,
ABC, claimed, into which US Congressman paid respect on Capitol Hill and last year's
controversial crown of peace coronation ritual.
Moon's lobbying campaign is ambitious and diffuse as the new DC newspaper The Hill reported
last year, and the sheer range of guest reveal this time many Pacific Rim political leaders,
the Times owner is one over, including Filipino and Taiwanese politicians.
And the head of the Arizona GOP attended in the recent stop in San Francisco.
But perhaps the most surprising VIP to tag along is Neil Bush, George Herbert Walker,
Bush's youngest and most wayward son, who made both the Philippines and Taiwan legs
of the journey, according reports and newspapers from those countries, and statements from Moon's
family federation.
While Neil Bush and Moon, while their church could be reached for comments on the tunnel
or his speaking fees, a brochure from Moon's family federation underscores that the
project is God's servant desire, thwarting such past wonders as the tunnel and heralding
of a new era of automobile travel.
Moon reviled the Mades as leader of a group that separated young recruits from their family,
says he's the Messiah, his far-flung business empire includes the UPI wireless service,
Washington DC television studios, a gun factory, and enormous swatza real estate, and he
donates millions to conservative politics.
In 89 US News and World Report linked his group to the Heritage Foundation, other conservative
organizations, because almost all conservative organizations in Washington have sometimes
to Moon's church, where reporter John Judas, conservative theory precautions that they
exposed the church's rule.
What a Judas.
The billionaire Moon has never been one dependent on the Sierra Club having subsidized the
anti-environmental wise use movement, likewise his group anticipates an anti-tunnel backlash
by those who demand the preservation of the polar region's ecosystem and the protection
of polar bears and seals and proposes an aggressive media strategy.
Public opinion polls must be carried out all over the world and it's absolutely essential
that a public relations campaign to educate environmental groups concerned organizations
and residents near the proposed construction sites be carried out as well, Moon has said
in the past that Caucasians are descended from polar bears.
Do you know that?
I do that now.
That's why when you were born you were bare.
In addition to the Time Paper Report, the Bush Brother also surfaced an article last week
from the Minil Times which placed him at a solar dinner in Minil, attended by Washington
Times President, Daniel Moon-Jew and respected Filipino House Speaker, Jose D. Venetia,
Venetia, whatever his name is.
It's unclear if Bush attended an intermediate stop in the Solomon Islands, probably not
probably thought there were too many Jews there.
According to the Minil Times piece, Venetia proposed Moon's idea for Transreligious Council.
The President Bush in a 2003 meeting, President Bush was sent to a call today, brilliant idea.
The Taiwan Paper similarly revealed high-powered support for Moon describing Republic of China
Vice President, Annette Liu, as listening wrapped to his speech.
In the U.S. Moon's end of democracy vision has been added on the floor of Congress.
According to the Congressional Record, on June 19, 2003, Democrat Danny Kay Davis joined
Republican Kurt Weldon, the recognizing Moon's effort to create an international council
of legislators.
This body of provided direct link between international leaders and various religious
peoples and their constituencies, Davis said, were grateful to the Reverend and Mrs.
Sonny Moon promoting the vision of world peace, and we commend their work.
Davis later took part in Moon's March 23rd, 2004 Capitol Hill ceremony, in which he
was brought a gold crown and a royal robe to coordinate him peace king.
The sponsor of the event was Virginia Republican Senator John Warner, who later told the Washington
Post he'd been deceived in the hosting event, a charge that organizes rejected, saying
the ritual was taken out of context.
While Moon's proposal has been deliberated by politicians around the world as a mere religious
council, church promotional materials make clear that it's intended to forge God's father
land and not just idle talk.
Oh, it's a father land.
A video from his group stresses that the UN will give way to a PC United Nations
as Moon terms it with fantastical reverberations.
Like a candle that burns down, sacrificing itself to give light to the world, the light
of wisdom and hope will shine from the headquarters of world governance, the PC United Nations
in all realms of life.
The narrator said in a family federation video, this light will radiate behind the
high barrier separating nations and will illuminate the road to peace, the path of
a family of humanity's hopes and dreams.
Moon has frequently gone on the record against Western-South democracy and individualism,
calling them results of the fall of Adam.
There are three guiding principles for the world to choose from.
Democracy, communism and God-ism, he said in 87 sermon, it's clear that democracy
as the West knows and practices cannot be the model for the world.
Individualism, he also said that the speech entitled, I will follow with gratitude
and obedience is what God hates most and what Satan likes best.
So I guess God likes sheep.
Of course, maybe he's into them.
Lord, it's my neighbor.
Neo isn't the only bush to attend Moon events.
In 1996 his father, President George Herbert Walker, Bush, traveled to Buenos Aires with
the Reverend and won several such fundraising expeditions.
The 41st President, told Argentine President Carlos Menum that he joined Moon and Buenos
Aires for the money and actually known the Korean reasonably well for decades, right?
Former top GOP strategist Kevin Phillips in his book, American Dynasty.
The relationship went back to the overlap between Bush's one-year tenor CIA director in
1976 and the arrival of Washington of Moon whose unification sources are they reported
to be a front group for the South Korean CIA.
Moon and his aides have called such claims, bogus saying his accuses were controlled by
Satan to distract him as campaign to destroy communism.
Reverend Moon is the latest in the line of unusual partners for Neo-Bush in recent years,
including the son of former Chinese President James Amin and fugitive Russian tycoon Boris
Berzowski, who I thought used to play for the Leafs, who's been promoting the younger
Bush's educational software program Ignite according to the Washington Post.
A messy divorce case in 2003 exposes dalliances with prostitutes in Asia.
Moon's group didn't return emails asking how this bore upon Neo-Bush's contribution
to the last week's events whose central theme was ideal families.
Oh no, not Neo-Bush in last preface the 2000 Asia.
Oh my god, and your fat ass governor and his dysfunctional family, and your president
with his nose problem and all of his and his bruise problem and all of his other problems.
Wow, these are role models that we can all respect and admire.
Okay, what do we got here so far?
I can't stand religious nuts 396, like the Reverend Kakamoon.
South Florida drivers 102, the US government 90, Fony 75, New Yorker 67, Loudmouth 53,
South Florida 44, people of stink 44, how about people in South Florida who stink?
Stupid people 36, redneck 36, this poll 36, black people 33, drunks 32, go to the dentist
24, what about a black dentist?
Do you ever hear of a black dentist?
You know what?
Never.
Never.
I bet you there's one, there's got to be.
His spanish 23, Jews 19, people on cell phones 14, telephone solicitors 10, my in-laws
10 screaming queens eight screamers reality shows eight obese people eight FBNL eight being
married eight sports and red seven white people five fags for just your plain old pedestrian
as opposed to the screamers homeless voice people three three voters three the FCC two radio
chronics one and doctors out of 1209 votes is still got the big party like that.
Well you people are sure a lot more gullible than I thought you were you need to buy Kevin
Tudos book you know something if he would give me like a slice I'd promote it on the
year.
How well?
I've done a total turn around I mean you know I mean a whole world is so corrupt anyway
why not?
Those people are trying to be honest and left in the back of the bus that's how it was
in parks to tell me about it.
Yeah.
I just had a realization this morning with who Greg Pete yeah.
Yeah.
TV Lenny right people I was going to say.
Oh yeah those people are trying to like do a real job and be on a straight narrow path
even the air gay and narrow path those people wind up you know sucking them in canal
water that's right but the people are like lie and cheat and steal and you know.
So let me ask you what is that about mad Max again you were telling me this morning before
the show he's a he's quick he was the road warrior.
No mad Max was the condolating hell and hell.
Well there was always her.
Don't remember that?
How can I forget?
How could you forget?
They showed up one day wanting IOD T-shirts and gifts and paraphernalia.
You invited them and yeah.
Yeah I invite them all right hey listen we got a lineup.
Mad Max.
Prominutes after one at five sixty WQA and guilty from the bank Atlantic Center and I'm
going to be watching that again that if there's three thousand people there I'll be shocked.
I want a body comp tomorrow you know paying attention what they put in the paper for
attendance I mean forget about that.
For his last week for the cap scheme when they put in their ten thousand some now what
did you tell me or who was it that told me there were like definitely no more than three
thousand people in there.
I mean I don't remember if that was the game but I remember there yeah it might have
been about eight hundred and the least game was the lowest that that was eight hundred.
Oh my god.
Well I guess nobody gives a crap about the caps.
Oh there's Jack Deletti former LBJ and Mr. Hollywood Big Shot who fancies himself as
some kind of a that was not the one that he took.
That's good.
Well what gives him his big claim to fame and all of a sudden he's a commentator on
everything now he's the great liberal I just don't get it.
And then of course they got that fascist with a beard on there all the time and Akira
Phillips on there talking about fascists.
Seriously we need to take out CNN we just got to go there and just went about taking
my Wolflet's Creed first then Kira Phillips that will do blitz.
Yeah we need to apply and then of course your good friend Solide that he's so late at
fam.
From it after one all of a man.
When people have the freedom to make a better life for themselves and their family.
Right and we of course he's talking about Old America that's before the New Lecture
of the Old Economy and the New Economy that's the Old America's compared to the Bush
America.
We're only the wealthy get wealth here.
Just ask Greg he'll tell you all about how to do it.
Hey it's that most wonderful time of the year unless of course you hate crowded malls
long registered lines crazy crazy shoppers and parking hassles on top of all of these
things.
So this you make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones give them
a dial amateurs gift certificate.
When you call 1-800-Matchers you can order a dial amateurs gift certificate any amount
and any denomination amount whatever and a new bed makes a perfect gift at the last
for years.
When you call 1-800-Matchers you'll choose from the top names in the mattress business.
They got them all they got Ceeley Simmons sort of King Coral.
Sterns and bananas foster and temperpidic speaking of bananas foster how do you feel about
the Zerid?
Did you suffer damage from Hurricane Wilma need a bed for the last minute I feel like
a banana split I probably look like one too.
Need a bed for those last minute on about how they guess call 1-800-Matchers you'll get
same day delivered from eight in the morning till 10 a night and you still pick the date
and time for it to fit your schedule between like Fanny to our window noon to two one to
three three forty five to five forty five etcetera.
And dial amateurs shows up on time nine the nine point seven percent of the time you can't
beat it.
They're like number one a customer satisfaction in the universe.
I've been using them for a long time so before those guests you're right I pick up that
phone and do the same call 1-800-Matchers log on to their website at mattress.com.
Dial amateurs the only intelligent way to get you a great night sleep 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Spokesman.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
A.
Good morning Americans it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
35 year old Jay Charles Miller has been struggling for years with a minimum wage job.
The two less factory worker from Muskegee will suffer no more.
The one eyed man won the power ball lottery to the tune of two hundred million dollars
I'll say it again.
Two hundred million dollars.
His wife Velma wanted to do something nice to show her love.
She went to the store and purchased a pair of crotchless panties.
When she heard her husband come through the door she yelled come in here Jay and get
yourself some of this.
When Jay Charles opened the door and saw his wife spread eagle on the bed he shouted in
the horror.
I don't want any of that he said look what it did here underwear Paul Harvey.
Welcome.
Good day.
One nineteen at five sixty WQM there's an oldie in moldy huh?
Sure.
It's going to best better efforts.
Still haven't heard from Paul Harvey Jr. in a long time.
Thank God no wonder I'm in such a fantastic mood.
We're on track to reach our goal of cutting the budget deficit in half by two thousand.
Here is a man who's spending money like a drunken sailor man like it's coming out of a
sieve like there's road on trees behind a white house unbelievable.
But a beep and look where he's speaking to to a bunch of mugwomps in Kernersville North
Carolina.
That anywhere near your neck of the woods.
I'd never hear it.
Oh Kernersville North Carolina.
Nothing to be fun of them being Kern out of there.
Good God.
We got over twelve hundred votes in this pool.
In fact, I think we got a shot.
You know what I'm saying?
Jimmy would say we got a shot at thirteen and we got twelve thirty one.
And boy is that fun huh?
I think we're talking super well now aren't you?
In fact, just because of that phenomenal comeback yesterday against the girls choking
gagging team I think we ought to.
Here we go.
Just a little bit.
Everybody knows they're chicken ass.
Oh.
Oh.
We're going to fight a spoon of tea.
We take the ball.
We're going to fight.
It was phenomenal.
If you couldn't smell the the fold up there like a deck of cards there was buffalo
bills.
Man, they really suck.
But I think about Buffalo last Friday.
And I tell you that the town sucks.
Everything about Buffalo is grotesque except for the Nebo Roast beef on Kimmelwick.
And those really good sub sandwiches.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Not there on two.
Mark that down.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hi, baby.
I want to tell you something happened in glass bacon that you won't believe.
Okay.
I don't believe it.
I just got back this morning.
I'm on jet lag.
I'm drinking glass of wine to try and unwind.
Thank you.
I want me to eye hit on the slots in the airport on a 500 cent machine.
500 million.
Wow.
I mean, I mean, I even make a machine.
But a nickel machine.
I wheel afforded it a good machine.
A wheel of fortune.
I can't believe it.
They have a nickel wheel of fortune?
Yes.
It is so weird.
I mean, I'm telling you.
I've got 2,000 on the slots in there.
But nothing compared to what I won there.
And I flew America worse, but you're not kidding.
That is America worst.
Oh, boy.
Still bad, huh?
Yeah.
This is my...
What do I do?
Do they have wheel of fortune up there?
Sure.
Dollar in the five dollar.
Oh, I tried to buy it.
My dollar is no nickels.
Oh, I mean, I did it because I playing with light.
I had nothing to do.
And I think, you know, I spend all this money on it.
They are against all the odds because the machines, the machines in the airport are as tight as a drum.
I can't believe that.
Don't spend it all on one place.
Please, I can't.
I only have to do the person that I went with because I had a bottle of $800 from her.
But I had a good time, but I wouldn't mind going back.
Well, there you go.
Okay, 100 bucks on.
Have I get some rest?
Thank you.
Okay.
587 bucks on a nickel machine, man.
It must have been a good machine, man.
A good machine.
You know something?
How do I leave that off the pool?
How about your makings?
How do I leave that off?
Well, you got black people out there?
Huh?
No, no, no, no, no.
Absolutely not.
That's the...
Forget about that.
Well, you're right about the Hispanic thing.
See, we should have worked Cubans and Mexicans.
But this is a whole different category.
No, this is...
This is far removed from that.
The Jamaicans don't come from Africa.
Where the hell do they come from?
Hunger?
Jamaica?
Jamaica, man.
It's a good machine, man.
Oh, gee.
They send me...
And of course, it's not only Jamaica, it's the people from the Caribbean.
They dark and collected people.
I hate to break the news, Ian.
Of course, Haitians, I don't know any Haitians.
So we don't want to be picking on them.
They get real nervous.
But, uh, Jamaicans, I just...
I don't know what it is.
It's just...
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
567, I need to bond with it.
You're making people.
Is that a little bit better?
I think you should.
No, no, it's you first.
I have...
You probably know all that Jamaicans in that hood there.
Keep telling you this.
My best friend since high school down here is a...
Was a Jamaican.
Yeah.
Is was?
And what's he's Jamaican now?
He's Jamaican a whole lot of money, I imagine.
Still, he's a bum.
A lot more new are.
Everybody is.
234 votes in that pool.
Well, we got a real...
Outside shot at 1,300 during the show.
That in 40 cents will buy you like eight spins on it.
The wheel there.
The nickel machines at the airport.
I don't...
I just...
I thought it was going to be like some...
When I was...
Then you think it was going to be like she won $30,000 or something like that?
About 30, man.
No.
Five...
I mean, 587 bucks.
Maybe...
I don't know.
Maybe this is going to change a lot of people's lives.
Would that change your life?
Yeah.
Oh, in that case, I'm going to...
Listen, what I'm going to do is I'll stop...
And I'll send you one for $5,87.
How's that?
All right.
Sure.
Dominick, Dominick, Dominick, it'll change your life.
Can you wait a second?
Neil.
Yes.
I have an idea for a poll.
It's sort of a split-off of this poll.
How about the worst phone call as well as the guy with the eye, the...
Which person?
Yeah, but they're dumb and dumb and it's boring.
567, I just...
We don't want to like give those people a lot of ego...
Just forget about it. Only one kind of person wants us to do a poll like that. Right.
Call them. That's it.
You're fair. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound by when we haven't heard from Paul Harvey Jr. yet.
I'm figuring if I take it off calls, he might speak in there, but I doubt it. Just to brighten up your day a little bit.
WQAM, hello.
Two A.M.
I'm sure you've already had that fun chat with Greg this morning if you could
can family a little bit with Paul Harvey Jr. That would make your day two of your closest personal friends.
Why stop there?
Well, who else?
Well, I never want to like they're not named.
We want to have a special place in their parts for you.
Yeah, I can't say what part.
Welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 and leave a run.
See, I keep forgetting about this 87 minute delay that we're on now.
This 4-day delay.
Actually, this show is being taped on Thursday.
Might as well be the way this delay thing is set up.
And that's of course because we had, oh, I forgot to mention about the stern piece on 60 minutes that I missed last night.
What a shame.
Josh is the only one that's seen it.
And said nothing special.
No, not much.
Just another returist thing because next month he starts on serious satellite.
So it's just another way to get some pre publicity.
And that's his thing, man.
That's his thing is publicity.
He is the number world's number one publicity hound and does a hell of a job at it.
Every time he farts, man, they got to have the fart o-meter to get the flavor and what he had for breakfast this morning.
It's fantastic.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this George?
Yeah.
How you doing, George?
Pretty good, pal.
What do you got?
I'm trying to speak to Neil.
You're speaking to him.
This is Neil.
This is Neil.
I was George before, but now I'm Neil.
I'm whoever you want me to be.
I'm a comedian.
Good to know that it's a Neil.
Yeah.
I know where there's a black dentist.
Yeah.
In Miami?
Really?
You go out?
Yeah, absolutely.
He needs a terrific dentist.
His name is Roger Minobar.
His name is Wai?
Roger Fernor.
He's on 119th Street, North Five.
Oh, yeah, great.
All right.
There's a little free advertising for the black dentist.
Good.
That's excellent.
Because too much of that butter pecan ice cream, man.
Turn your teeth to just rot and write out.
I don't know.
I know it.
Oh, I will say this.
Now, speaking of dessert, see that turned me back
to that bananas foot idea.
I had.
That's probably a bad idea, isn't it?
Yeah, it's a bad idea.
Well, if that's all I had for lunch, just a big old banana
split.
No, no vanilla though.
Look, you know as well as anyone.
Yeah, they're always coming up with books and plans and diets.
Yeah.
There's a little diet.
He's the only one that he wanted.
He didn't even plan.
There's only one diet.
Stop eating and move around more.
I see.
OK, I'll see.
I'm going to move around a little.
All right.
Ha, ha, ha.
I could try doing a show standing up.
I could lift this mic up like this.
Ha, ha.
Is that something?
There we go.
Wait, wait.
I think I'll do the spot standing up.
Where's some like lead weights besides the ones you have on your lead weights?
Yeah.
What are you trying to say?
Bye.
Hey, hey.
Ankle weights while you walk around.
That's your world everywhere.
Now get the ankle weights for Greg.
I hear he's going to be wearing them pretty soon.
Just joking, Greg.
You're OK with us, baby.
Whatever they say.
You know, we agree.
Whatever they say.
And of course, let me just say this about the beesleys.
Remember that action auction thing they had there that I'm lying.
Oh, brother.
Talk about a bunch of scamsters who are you kidding over there?
Pompadopark racing and poker as the gambling action you want, featuring live harness
racing and a great poker card room.
Pompadopark is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
And best of all, admission in parking always free at Pompadopark.
Come root home a winner from the rail.
Brucey Ranger or Constant Danger or enjoy poker in the smoke-free card room
with tournaments every day.
Also, harness, throw bread, highlights, cymbal, casting every day, seven days
a week from tracks all across North America.
Post time is 725 and the card room opens at noon.
In fact, it'd be open.
Let's see.
Is that on, I include Monday or just Wednesday?
I don't know.
So coming joy, fine dining at the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday is dollar night with draft beer hot dogs, so it's more just a
bucket piece.
Pompadopark back in action after Thurakane.
They had a lot of damage but things are under control.
Pompadopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
I think it's probably better if I sat down because I can't reach the button.
Oh, that's so much better.
Pompadopark, a block south, I think even sound better sitting down.
I don't think it's functioning all that well standing up.
In fact, maybe on the prone position would be good.
A block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing
schedule at Pompadopark, call 9-5-4-972-2000 or visit their website at
pompadopark.com.
Pompadopark, horse farm poker, you can plunge on and don't forget
live racing now every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post time 7.25 at
a p.m.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-L.
A bitch in a world where words are seen.
The author designed to God and sat me by St. Louis and his.
Neil, the passion of the mole.
The Lord!
The Lord!
That easy with that whip.
Oh!
The Lord!
That hurt you, moron.
What?
Well, I do your well.
Have you now opted for quite a whiteout dragon that's brought around it?
I'll have a toned body at no time.
And then I'll get a mava like it.
The Lord!
Well, yes, I agree about that anyway.
I'm throwing this for you, stupid.
The Lord!
Boy, this is some finished body.
Hey, buddy, public side better something.
Imagine a shot up and get me something to drink.
Oh, you.
Okay, here.
What is that?
That's my ramen beer.
Get a white-fermented head, Razaket went.
Oh!
Boy, that looks like a nice place to put a lover.
Yeah, we've got a nice meal.
I'll get to have her in the nails.
Who?
You guys don't want your door.
The Lord, the mole, just put the hands out like this.
Oh, no!
The Lord, the mole.
Between the bones.
Between the bones.
Get it in the meat, will you?
Here, I got a seat.
But didn't make it all like this.
No!
Oh, God.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Now, see here.
Ain't you got no stigmata?
Only if I got a, but I really don't want it.
Because you're going to have stigmata.
If you really got a bottle.
You got a house to buy.
You've got a house to buy.
You've got a bottle.
You've got a bottle.
You've got a bottle.
You've got a bottle.
You've got a bottle.
All right, your knuckleheads.
Now, put me like a hunter for bush.
Yeah!
That's the feel of them, though.
Well, I could see the back of the Chinese restaurant.
And the frasma is deli.
When you're right, it's again.
Well, according to my weekly schedule,
and about three days, the judge more runs like you.
And they're then in 2000 years or so.
From now on, I'm coming back again.
There's a little letter at retard.
We'll leave the free world.
Is that it?
No, I'll put the more.
Stand back and have my head some rice in right now.
The early 40% of HSA owners were uninsured.
Oh, there's that little letter at retard.
It did come back.
At least he kept up his promise.
135.
Now, here's tomorrow's poll.
Are you ready for this?
I'm ready.
It's an oldie but goodie that we took a long time ago.
And of course, the reason I'm taking this,
because we were discussing the other day about how the state,
it just didn't change.
The music in South Florida on your radio is pathetic.
It's tragic.
And every time I'm in town, I get in my car,
my beautiful Corvette, and I start punching around
and just desperately trying to find a song that I've heard before
I would like to ever hear again.
Forget about it.
Can't find it.
Hey, by the way, Bob Hamilton, I'm magic here in Idiot.
You noticed that guy finally stopped calling after I bitched him out?
I'll take care of Bob Hamilton, okay?
We know he's in the middle.
And even Ricky Tiki with a cap hates him like boys, I'm sure that.
One radio station you listen to the most for music.
Now, I think I got the music station's all on it.
Do we want to put the no-speakening Las Vegas stations on here,
like WCMQ?
I don't know what they are.
I don't either.
Well, why not?
You better get with them.
You better get this fixed right now.
What?
I do have them straightened out.
I just don't know about the station.
Oh, well, we got a couple of them on here.
We got RMA and AMR.
Radio Amancia, or Romancea, whatever the hell they are.
Amur.
Amur.
There's got to be some convenient up-to-date directory
that you can just, you know, print out or something online.
No, there's not.
I agree.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
So here's what I got.
WEDR, HAL105, Power 96 Y100, Magic, and Bob Hamilton's Inidiot.
Radio Romancea, RMA, Radio Amur, WAMR, the Coast, WRMF, RAMAF, WMGE.
Is it still WMGE?
No.
Is it?
That was Radio Smegma.
Love 94.
Big, Kiss, Life, WKPS, Mega 94.9, WMIB,
WVUM, WHDR, Endola Snail, Suck.
Those are my choices on here.
Radio Smegma, I think, is gone.
It's long gone.
Or is that now MIB?
Isn't that the old 103.103?
Isn't that the old Shee frequency?
Right.
I don't know.
They just keep changing and changing.
And no matter what they change it to, it's still all sucks.
And what I try to figure out, we none of us could figure what Zeta became.
94.9.
What it's Latin.
I know that, but we don't know what the call it is.
We don't know what the hell it is and what they play.
And what it's all about, Alfie.
So that's what we need.
Maybe there's some pop-meat music stations we didn't get on here.
And also, whatever those 94.9 is now.
See, if Duff was there, he'll be back tomorrow from Connectigate.
But if Duff were there, he'd come running in and tell you.
Because he knows the market.
Clariss, out the other hand, he wouldn't come.
Because if it's gone under with sports, he knows nothing about it.
So all he knows is this Waxi 790 and QAM.
And that's it.
And maybe 1400, because Carl Bannonis Foster was under for two months doing sports.
Remember that?
I do.
Let's have 100, at least.
About 30,000.
Four stations in the market.
That's what we need.
By the way, it's WMGE.
WMGE.
But that's what I got on here.
Okay.
That's it?
You're good to go.
Latin.
I'm proud.
Well, I have a dance.
We're Latino and proud.
That's incredible.
And of course, if your older Latino got green teeth, you ought to be older and embarrassed.
And he really didn't be great, but nevertheless, where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
So WMGE.
Or I think I got him.
But if there's anything we don't have at the list, you better call it in or fax it in.
Because once this baby goes up there tonight, it's going to be very official.
It'll be like a humongous server.
Better than arbitrarial.
I'll give it to you that.
WMGE.
Hello.
Yeah, me.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, man.
Okay.
I'm black.
Yeah, my dad is his black.
So there's a black candidate.
I have something for the four today and something for tomorrow.
But today I hate my boss.
I hate the school board.
And I hate the rascal BSO.
But tomorrow, I will think about Underground Station.
About what station?
Underground.
Underground.
Okay, we're looking.
We can put that on there.
Sure.
Underground stations.
Huh?
Why not?
Underground radio.
In an Irish-R-foot pirate station.
What would be like Underground-slash pirate?
I mean, obviously we say pirate.
Well, what do we say?
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
But that's, you know, maybe the underground pirate radio.
I'm not going to rewrite this by the way, Eric.
So if you can't.
First of all, anybody that puts phones on it,
whenever a phone is very clearly, my penmanship is not all that bad,
but nevertheless.
So, by the way, my boss, I can't stand my boss.
That's a good one for the poll today, right?
Right.
I mean, he had like 14 other ones.
He can't stand anybody.
But he's got a black dentist.
So there's two.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, we never did get an answer that about.
We got no German speaking people out there yet.
You just wait.
America is.
Yes.
Yeah.
He has his way.
You'll all be goose stepping.
Is there head-based?
You'll all be a highlander bush.
Let's see.
1269.
We got 21 minutes and we need 31 votes.
Boy, we got a real shot at 1,300.
That's that old lucky 13 again.
And Sunday in Dany Boer Marino.
Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny.
And how about that next saving, baby?
How about that comeback yesterday against the little girls folding
a choking team?
It's not that I don't want to give many credit, especially
that sage dressing Rosen's called Housestein, but nevertheless,
against a team that was just right for the pickings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
A German that's the take-out.
You shall...
Your car.
You love it.
You need it.
And you want to protect it.
But how?
You've tried the club.
You've tried Lojak.
You even put your trust in the wimpy little alarm system that came with your car.
But where did it get you?
Now, the answer is here.
With the Palestinian car alarm.
It's a sound that could wake the dead.
And it sure as heck will wake the neighbors.
The Palestinian car alarm works because it's not a mechanical device.
It's a genuine Palestinian.
And boy is he alarm.
The Palestinian car alarm not only sounds a startling alarm.
It also uses verbal messages to ward off would-be intruders.
You oughta go pro-co-be-hicker!
And if he's persist, the Palestinian car alarm will make them pay the ultimate price.
I won't let these cars be stolen like my homeland!
Time for you to die!
Whether you park on sunset strip or the Gaza strip.
You need the Palestinian car alarm.
I'm dying out of here.
146.14 built two.
Just the fact that out of the corner of my eye, I can see your president there on the screen.
Just gives me spilties and getting like, I'd be as like you guys.
Yeah?
Although, how do you feel about the Zerid?
Sounds great.
What do you got?
Vainis split.
I haven't had a banana split in years.
What's the big deal with the banana split?
Oh, they split the banana down the middle.
Yeah.
Well, when you watch right there, I have a hot-punch sundae on like, Nestle's turtle would be good.
Okay?
Or like, a bastard robins would be actually like on Rocky Road.
Mmm.
That's my favorite highway, Rocky Road.
As opposed to some of the people around there, favorite highways, the Hershey highway.
That's what Sunny Fox always said.
Whatever happened to Sunny Fox, he's still around?
Around what?
He's just doing on the, isn't he unlike the ex-seller?
Yeah, one of those seven.
One of those favorite drivers in the business.
Yeah, one of those seven.
He's the director.
One of those things.
5, 6, 7.
I guess we got all the music stations on here because, hold now for, speak now or forever, hold your piece.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, Gail.
I'd like to add Joe Weber back to your call.
Joe Weber, under the call.
Well, guess what?
We're not putting names on the poll.
I do like that.
What stays in Zion?
WDQAM, hello.
Mr. George?
Yeah, George.
Hi, I got a quick question for you.
If you don't mind.
This did that came on at one o'clock this past Friday.
There was a song about 20 years ago, I think, that that said it was the, uh, uh, not most thing with the Geldie.
And it's that song.
It used to go on for about 5, 6 minutes with like a yodeling guy.
Do you know the name of that song of the group?
Focus, focus, by focus.
Ah, that's what I wanted to get it again.
Like, thank you very much.
You're welcome.
We're going to serve.
Okay, and what's the big call?
Locus, Newcus.
Oh, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ah, yeah.
Back to black.
Left to black.
Back to black.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Back to black.
Yees.
Du du du du du du du du du du.
Nuh, yeah do du du du du du.
Du du du du du du du du du du, du du du.
Good, good, good boy.
Du du du du du du du du.
Du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, hopdala, hop movntala, hopified
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
Yes, yes!
what?
Where are you so late today?
I get it.
No!
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Bygones Walking Walk Solidarity.
Most music.
Double you two a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a!
This is the stage arriving with dark and other calling it pro player part is on through to the loop.
It's time for a change.
The new rule is how you have to show up in your underwear.
And no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have a fun.
Checking out so fun.
My difference lies in doubt so I can get my pick up with the gainess over time.
Just like my droopy loom, back around.
Over my golden mouth.
Now you can see a lot more at the game.
Since everybody is undressed the same and you can look around to see what's hanging down.
This is paradise now.
I never realized how good it would feel being flat.
If my jockey had the football field, Mr. Robbie has gone.
Oh!
And now it's D.P. Parking.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Look at the time that's gone man.
Start on the stand.
I'm on rock, rock, rock.
Jackass, rock, rock.
Rock, rock, rock.
Rock, rock.
First round.
I hated eating it at the football stand.
And if the new team has got underwear man,
before chicks are stared at the fun zone of football.
At the time of the fall,
I never realized how good it would feel being flat.
If my jockey had the football field, Mr. Robbie has gone.
Oh!
And now it's D.P. Parking.
D.P. Parking.
You better tell your friend a clean up your record and fall off a ball.
Okay, they keep showing up all over the place.
Good thing Muffin in town, you know?
We got 13-Everdivose.
That's the most important part of the whole show.
We got 13-Everdivose.
Anybody impressed by that?
No.
Not no Mo.
We keep sending that barrier higher.
So I put an audio ritmo on there.
I did a little research here.
I looked over by Arbitrans and W.R.T.O.
I'm sure there are some other ones on there like an audio swave.
But I don't know what those no speeding waste
if they're music stations or if they're like,
what the hell they are?
And I noticed somebody did not put Jamaicans on this poolman.
I don't know if they're disputing that.
I'll put it on there.
Just disputing what?
Who's the we?
No, because you were talking about how you should have broken it up with more naked skin.
No, trust me.
Okay.
Jamaicans.
That's a different category.
Yeah, I'm on.
Exactly.
Now you're catching on, mon.
It's a good machine mon.
587 bucks in nickels you one earthy airport.
And she calls me to get all excited about, come on lady.
Get serious.
I'm happy for you.
But get real.
First of all, anybody that plays the slots in the airport,
deserves to lose their ass.
Okay.
Here's today's pool.
And I'm not to be confused.
And tomorrow's audio stations and all that other crap, it's very sad.
It's pathetic.
It's one of the great, great discreetest of our industry,
which now is loaded with so many.
You know, I can smell the brat worst cooking on my flavorway right now.
Hmm, man.
I put that under during that last break.
Anyway, I can't stand that we got 13-letter of vote.
Religious notes, 422.
Something we can all agree on.
Anybody with a brain.
We can't stand.
In other words, believe whatever you want.
But just read all the rest of us alone.
Stop it, of Elani already.
Stop with the Christian movies and the Christian video games and the Christian yellow pages
and the Jewish and the Muslim and just leave everybody alone and cut the crap.
South Florida drivers 106.
U.S. government 97.
Fonies 80.
Oh, God.
There's so many phonies running around.
Give me the glad hand and the big, like one you encountered this morning.
New Yorkers 71, Loudmouth 55.
People with stink 46.
Mmm.
South Florida 44.
Stupid people 40.
This poll 39 day hated.
Can't stand it.
Redneck 37.
Black people 36.
Drums 32.
Golden the dentist 29.
Hispanics 24.
Jews 21.
People on cell phone 16.
Screaming Queens 11.
Screamers.
Reality shows 11.
Teleportualistitors 11.
Not that kind of screamers.
You're fair.
F-VN-10.
Being married 10.
My in-laws 10.
Obees people 8.
Sports nerd 7.
The homeless voice people 5.
Watch out when you run them over.
You don't hit any of Mr. Painley as bystanders.
White people 5.
The FCC 4.
Hubman Dread.
The Fags 4.
Freeloader 3.
Doctors 2.
Finally.
Radio Chronic 1.
I've also had an Angel Macons on it.
I haven't had it because it didn't honor yet.
But it better be now.
Oh, it is.
Okay, like I said,
Angel Macons all of a sudden zoomed out.
600 people on there already.
Bye, bye, bye.
When it comes to it.
