Just to be the random center when it was the National Car Rental.
Yes, the center.
The epic center.
Very good.
Hey, Elton, you're fair.
Anyway, you're responsible for really destroying most of my days today.
You watched that, didn't you?
Yeah, I know you.
I went to lunch.
No, no, if it wouldn't have been for you, I'd never even would have dreamed of turning
that crap.
It was pretty fascinating stuff, wasn't it?
Fascinating only from the standpoint of two things.
Number one, displaying what a tremendous waste of time and taxpayer money it was.
What a bunch of bubbleheads we got in Congress.
And number two, showing what a bunch of lying TV.
You know, I got Jose's book right here and I want my money back.
Yeah, you're the one who went out and bought it.
It took him two years to write it and that's why in the meantime, he changed his mind
all of a sudden.
So I think there ought to be a big sticker on here saying, oh, don't buy this because since
I wrote it, it's all stale.
And I changed my mind and steroids be bad, you know.
I'm going to tell you, Ilya and Aros Latenin, thank you very much.
This is the most.
But he is the poster child for everything that's wrong with Miami, that bitch.
You know something, Neil?
She didn't ask one question, no, you know, you're for rambling, but let me just one question.
I'll say what I said at the beginning of the show about her.
She was like the scene right at.
How does this remind you of anything?
I'm going to have to excuse myself, but before I go, I would like to say that Mr. Corleone
is one of the most prominent Ritz said in the past.
And I want to say something about the Italian America, it was in this country.
You could talk about bowling and she would find some way to turn it away Cuba Fidel
thing.
I mean, you could be talking about salad, what kind of home entouching you're going
to eat it poor?
And she could talk it into a Cuban Fidel thing.
She is the most obnoxious disgusting, simple, then bitch, whoever came down to play.
And I'm not sure who looked more stupid.
Her, Jose or Mark, I don't want to talk about the past, McGuire.
And then of course, born again, occurred chilling with his god and a republicans.
You know, oh man, I think Sam, you know what one of the highlights was, it was a slip
of the tongue.
One of the congressmen called Sammy.
Missed you.
Mr. So, so.
That was great.
I love you, my baby.
I'm going to tell you something.
So, leave on it.
It was high entertainment and it was worth.
It was worth tax fair money from me.
No, it was not high entertainment.
Every time that asked another question, they'd go up and down.
I can't answer that.
I don't know.
I'm going to say about that.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Correct.
I've been waiting to say it revealed a lot to me.
Like what?
Like the whole, like the whole, like the whole problem with the whole deal is that
it's a kind of fear to start with.
That Bud Sealeg is the congressman from Schilling's district in Boston or from the Red Sox district
was great.
He didn't like Schilling off the hook.
Schilling said, well, we can, we can place ourselves in this matter.
And he said, well, you've been telling us that for 30 years.
And then he went back to the man who we tuned being there 30 years ago saying steroids
was a problem.
And yet, this commissioner claims he knew nothing about it 20 years after that.
Yeah.
I mean, it tells you everything you need to know about that.
There was a one of the Republicans from Indiana was pretty good too.
But every time they started getting a little bit tough, the chairman would interrupt
while all the house rules say that any public testimony, we can't, you know, and then
they would say, plus you're out of time anyway, so shut up.
So they never really let him go after anybody.
I thought, I thought, I thought, man, for, I mean, I had never seen him in some kind of
public setting before.
Manfred, man.
That guy is ridiculous.
Yeah.
And he's the guy who negotiates for the owners.
Mm-hmm.
But I hope he's a co-saccer.
I'm not saying I can say co-saccer money, man.
Jose Canseco, 16th Street, Ross Laiton sitting there talking about how she walked up to
school, a block away from the whole park where he went to school and how she hoped
silver would talk to those kids about how bad steroids.
Does he?
Well, he was a little bit, he was.
And he wants to commend her good post-personal friend, Rafi and Sammy.
Yeah.
Sammy, who had the court fat.
Yeah, Sammy, who all of a sudden is Dominican turned the Cuban.
She, by the way, looks like she's been doing steroids herself.
She's a little bulked up.
Her head looks like a guy.
If you were married to a guy, it looks like her husband.
I guess you'd be doing pills too, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
I have a little, uh, probably going on probably too much with this theory shadow
of openness.
If you think yesterday's hearings were really captivating, wait till Terry, Terry's going
to be called to invited to testify before Congress.
This is the scan that they've pulled on to prevent them from removing the tube at one
o'clock today.
They're calling her to testify.
So as a result, if anybody interferes with that, it's going to be a federal crime and
they better not mess with that tube.
There's a fact that she is right now.
Of course she's going to go there.
She's going to go testify.
I don't know what I'm saying, but it'd be very captivating.
I think she'll probably see more than Mark McGuire did.
I'll tell you, I like the representative from Missouri too, who we asked McGuire some
tough questions, which you didn't answer.
And then he referred to the highway named after Mark McGuire like it's an embarrassment.
Oh, you know, he was very good.
You're right.
He was terrific.
He wanted to nail him to the cross.
But this all happened yesterday, right?
Yep.
Well, just remember one thing.
We're not here to talk about the past.
That's right.
That's all he had here to look at the weekend.
Oh, I'm not going to lose too much.
He was so embarrassing.
I mean, he had Roy's written all over his red, the complete grotesque phase.
I have a question for you, Neil.
Yes.
And somebody wrote this in the Boston Globe today, a writer who I really expect.
One of the problems is we don't have any comments down here.
You can go to to read anything good about this.
But Sean Ossie, Dan Ossie in Boston, wrote that he thinks this could cause McGuire a
problem with the Hall of Fame.
Do you agree?
Who cares?
Oh.
Don't want to talk to him.
Of course, it cares.
No, no, that's not it.
It's not a question talking sports.
I mean, just who cares?
I mean, Ty Cobb, we did this before.
I told you, as a member of the Ku Klux Klan, there's stopped him from getting in.
Everybody knew that.
I mean, they brought Pete Rose's name up.
Pete Rose and she.
This has nothing to do with Pete Rose.
Well, I don't want to ask you this, OK?
Who do you think is the biggest slime ball, the worst lowlife, Mark McGuire or Pete Rose?
And I agree with that Pete Rose belongs in there because it should be very good for you.
I don't think that has anything to do with Pete Rose being in the Hall of Fame.
No, I agree with the Hall of Fame.
I'm not quite a question.
Answer the question, Mr. Piranoya.
Who do you think is the biggest slime ball?
Because they both belong in there.
Mark McGuire or Pete Rose?
Yeah, I'm not talking about what happened yesterday.
Mark McGuire is like a boy scout compared to Pete Rose.
Yeah, but Pete, you're arguing with yourself because I agree with you.
He belongs in there, but that's not my question.
In terms of lowlife disgrace, my God.
Yeah, Pete is not a fight class guy in a world.
Oh, please.
The story is about him at the race track.
He makes Larry King look like a man.
I've ever just signed 40 more years.
Three more years.
It's yesterday's news, by the way.
We don't want to talk about it.
I sent that over to you.
I'm glad you got it.
What?
The Larry King thing.
That's yesterday's news that was on yesterday.
Oh, it was.
Yeah, we don't want to talk about it yesterday.
We're not here to talk about the past.
We're here to talk about Larry's future for about another six months to lead croaks.
He in an hour.
You know, something like that.
A bigger part.
He in Howard.
Well, you mean extending their contract.
Yeah, we were talking about croaking.
It's a matter of fact, R&R radio records since I scour all these websites.
Got a big piece here about Howard David signs with whatever that.
Yeah, whatever that thing is sports USA radio.
Maybe they're going to talk to you.
Now, see you're just trying to get rid of him now.
He I heard him the other day said that he was bonding with you in a hallway.
You and he had a great chat about something.
I was just listening.
Yeah.
I would say it was more of a bond bonding.
I wouldn't exactly call it a one.
One call.
Would you call that a bonding?
What were we doing there?
No.
No.
I thought to do you getting pretty tight now.
Hey, listen, we got to be one big happy family.
We got that stiff competition now, man.
Yeah, with emphasis on stiff.
Yeah, that's my point.
Well, you have a nice weekend, Neil.
I'm going to and I'm going to watch and I'm crap.
That was yesterday.
I'm going to think about your question.
I'll answer you on Monday.
Monday will find out from Hank who's the bigger the bigger low life Mark Maguire or Pete Rose.
Have you ever seen Pete at the track?
Oh, I sat with him at the track.
Oh, that's why you don't want to answer the question.
I know Pete pretty well.
Oh, geez.
Don't tell me your friends with Pete Rose.
I didn't say that.
I know I said I know my God.
That would be I don't know what to.
I'm probably fall right on the floor if you told me that.
I lose my faith in what I've seen Pete's faults.
Oh, when he sits down with a stack of $100 bill,
which with whichever flusy happens to be sitting at his side and sits and stacks up to hundreds like he's impressing you.
And of course you watch them diminish like like the amazing invisible man.
It is just this is very rapidly.
Maybe Monday, I'll tell you the story about Pete and the Teler at the Gulf Stream.
I could tell you its stories about Pete and dealers in Las Vegas.
Yeah, probably the same as what you're going to tell.
They still have the Larry King, a drawer where they have all those checks that Larry bounced.
No, they don't have, there's nothing left to call stream.
Not everything that is a true story.
By the way, they had a drawer where they had all Larry King's bad checks once upon a time.
I've got a screen.
I thought that was ILEA.
No, or whatever it was or one of each someplace that doesn't exist anymore.
Yeah.
Probably ILEA.
But you know something that's in the past.
That's right.
We're not going to look back at the time when Larry was a 5% or at highlight.
Right.
We don't want to talk about that.
We don't want to talk about him stiffing all those people for the book he was allegedly writing.
They never wrote.
But it's one of these days he's going to pay them all back.
You'll see.
In fact, some of them died already.
The guy that the big fat guy that used to sell dog food in my health food store.
He died already.
Larry owed him five grand.
You got the kids.
No.
I would meet people that I never saw before in my life.
And they'd start out of nowhere.
You know Larry King, I'd say, oh, that son of a bitch ripped me off her 5 grand.
He made up these stories.
He was writing a book.
Yeah.
Right.
Never saw him again.
There is.
I would say if you had to take a pool on the luckiest man on the face of the earth, there's the
one right there.
You only 50 dollars.
Sit.
Just sit there by the phone.
You're going to get a call.
Right now Bill Vines is going to call you.
You're going to be doing my show.
What a BS artist man of the worst kind.
But it goes to show.
A kiss and ask can get you all the way to the top man.
Well, he told me that very same thing.
He was the one who told Bill Vines that I should inherit his show when he left and do some
for me the same things.
So I guess we were both maybe we canceled each other out.
But then again, you know something Hank, that was in the past.
That's right.
Can't hold a grudge against Larry.
Uh-huh.
You know Larry could have paid all those people back.
And I asked him about it one time and he said exactly what he said.
That was my other life.
Really?
Yeah.
Nice guy.
He's making millions and millions and millions and he's such a low life.
Maybe that would be our discussion on Monday.
Okay.
Who's the bigger low life?
Larry King, Mark McGuire or Pete Rose?
I think I'm going to be out on Monday.
I'm going to, I need immunity.
If I don't have immunity, I'm not showing up.
Well, it's either going to be you testifying or Terry Shivell one or the other.
I'll go for Shivell.
Yeah.
So you just make up your mind.
Maybe just make guttural sounds at 10 o'clock.
A lot of good court TV stuff this week.
Really?
Well, look at all these trials that have been going on.
No, that's true.
Robert Blake, the attorney for the trailer, the trailer trailer, the attorney for the trailer
trailer family says I'm going to wipe that smile right off his face.
And now he wants to act again.
He needs the money.
Really?
That would be simply.
He's going to need a lot of money when he has to pay that civil suit.
I still say the bitch had a coming.
If he didn't do a Christian brand or what had done it, somebody else would.
She was just in the nasty conniving, you know?
I agree.
But again, then again, that's in the past.
I hope they had a good meal though, that Italian restaurant.
You notice how there's always an Italian restaurant in the mix, like with OJs, Sparks?
Yeah.
Always an Italian restaurant.
Sparks wasn't an Italian restaurant.
I was a steakhouse.
Oh, sorry.
Whatever.
The one was too much this weekend.
I'll try not to.
I might just have to go out there and give it a shot this weekend, you know?
Yeah, I'll be up.
I'll have Palm Beach counterclub for me tomorrow.
Warm up my machines again and see if I can get that thing cracking for three-four grand, you know?
I'm going to have some good three-year-old races.
It's kind of nice when at five times we look forward to five times come up and the bell starts ringing in the end.
All the best to you.
Huh?
All the best to you.
All the best to you, Humphur.
Have a great weekend and I win a lot.
I actually had you once say yesterday.
I watched the whole afternoon.
You took a day out of my life, that's all I can tell you.
It was worth it.
It was.
Have a great weekend.
Yeah, you too.
I get half whatever you win.
Monday.
I see a lot of you going to hold on.
I'm going to be rose.
Be cloud gibt会驳戮
Report.
jetzt快 actor.
it once.
You first stood.
Goodbye, Chris Farley.
You great big fatty.
Always acting like a great big fat dumb retard.
In every film you've ever made.
Till that poor David's fade.
His career could fade cause.
All he has left is that label.
TV show.
He won't be making muddy movies no more.
And he wanted to be just like John Belushi.
And have John had these children.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots or lots of on Saturday night.
But you were way too young to die.
To commit fat man suicide.
Goodbye, Chris Farley.
What did you eat to?
Blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool.
That would only bring you certain death.
The farmers are upset.
And all you left was some capable movies and a few pairs of your pants.
That will fill to make community poos.
And you wanted to be just like John Belushi.
And have John had these children.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your chest can hold a piano that's 16 wide.
Now you reach the pizza in the sky.
You've got so fat you die.
I'm dying on the hand.
And a lot of other people would end drugs and booze baby.
We'll get into that 10, 14, and 5, 60 WQM.
Spring is here.
And I was a great time to get down to Armstrong Ford.
A home set for some great deals on new O5s.
Right now get behind the wheel of a focus or escape.
With $2,000 cash back from Ford and zero percent financing.
How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back in 1.9 percent financing.
Check out the O5 Ford or Explorer right now to Armstrong Ford.
A home set with $2,500 cash back in 1.9 percent financing.
And don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong Ford.
A home set you get that exclusive tires, parts, and batteries for life program.
Plus a free floor to sun pass too.
Armstrong Ford is proud of our servicemen and women if you're in the military,
if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty,
we service National Guard or Coast Guard, you'll get you a military appreciation discount.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price.
And because like I always tell you, it's a locally owned and operated outfit.
They're going to treat you like family because they want to make you a customer for life.
And I just say one shot deal.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead, there are 307.25 South Dixie Highway, 20 minutes south of the A36.
Check them on that wicked way of at ArmstrongCars.com and then give David a victory call if you like 305-247-5112.
That's 247-51-12.
Grab a little and save thousands on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
And then we'll go to the next one.
And then we'll go to the next one.
And then we'll go to the next one.
And then we'll go to the next one.
On our team, who is cheating, all the players are clean.
There's a share of you.
Show to me that there are you.
It's a violent day of evening.
With any of our brothers, even from the sun.
A's true, they take drugs because we tested day.
You're in full day.
And there's our players.
You're in there runs.
They just were about to be right.
This is my day.
Oh, it's Brian and Papa Obiti, programming the show today.
It's always nice to know it's going to be a pra.
We know Kurt Cobain, Dada, it's something like the gunshot, but it was because of drugs and booze.
I researched all of these very thoroughly and completely and whoever wrote true on here, Miguel, is full of crap.
Did you write that?
Yeah, it is true.
Well, technically it's true, but it was intrusively.
I beg your pardon.
I agree. Technically it's true, but yeah.
I'm not interested in corrections to the pool.
If you want additions, that's fine.
Corrections, the answer is absolutely no.
That was yesterday.
We're here to talk about today.
Von Scott from ACDC.
Fine.
Now the audience is not online yet.
They don't know what they're talking about.
Well, we're kind of backed up for time here.
Which is fine with me, because I enjoy those.
I know, look at this.
Phil Hartman for the pool.
And in your right-hand, this Phil Hartman had nothing to do with drugs or booze.
He was shot by his crazy wife, who then shot herself.
Steve from Nashville.
See, we haven't even started the show yet officially.
And already they're like, I've got a million things for the pool.
What is with you people anyway?
It sounds like you've got St. Vitus dancing your pants.
Too much watching them hearings with Jose Can Succo.
Man, you talk about crap.
I'm really still in my mind, not sure who I would point the finger at as being the most discreet.
I still think Eliana Rosanna, Dana, although very much expected.
I mean, but there was nobody else there who did anything that was unexpected either.
You know, McGuire was going to stonewall because he's a bad abuser big time.
And all those records at his are totally bogus.
You know, Sammy's going to go, I know it's bigger than glaze.
You know, all I crap.
How do you like, who was the one who was a quesinage?
Who asked him the question in Espanol?
How did you like that?
You see that?
No.
Little Dennis Quesinage with a crappy hair piece.
He asked him a question in Espanol.
And Sammy said,
That's Sammy Soso, by the way.
Sammy Soso.
Soso.
And of course, Kurt Schoen, he still is praying in God and is into the Republican.
And say, oh, get out of here already.
And make me want to puke.
And Jose, of course, he just had to change your heart.
Oh, God.
Let me do the yesterday's poll real quick.
Because once I get going today, man, I may go to midnight.
The radio talk show host you dislike the most yesterday.
We had 1968 votes.
We could have done 2000, Josh, but I had to chop it off there at 9 to put today's poll on there.
Of course.
Could easily they're going over well over 2000.
Josh Limbaugh, he went almost over 1000 by himself, 846, speaking of fat and pills.
Sean Hannity, 155.
You see that?
Like about five times as many than some.
Sean Hannity, 155.
Little George Rodriguez, who's on vacation for week 145.
He had a good shot there, George, but couldn't nail down second place.
Bill O'Reilly, 92.
Moe Howard David, 89.
Dan LaBasterd, 80.
Al Franken, 66.
Howard, 65.
Touch, midhead, 56.
The Humper was tied with Michael Savage, 53.
I don't think you'll see the two of them in shool together.
Randy Rhodes, 41.
Steve Kane, and yours truly 28 apiece.
Great minds work alike.
Glenn Beck and Phil Henry, 26.
Yow.
Yowdy, 25.
25.
Oh, Jim McDuffie, 19.
Jerry Springer, 16.
The big, oh.
He had the 11.
D Gordon, Lee, 10.
Ed Schultz, 9.
How could that Schultz have 9?
Nobody knows who that is.
D-Fo had 9.
The man-dog had 8.
Oh, right.
That's disrespectful.
The booster is 6.
Joe Rose, 3, and little Eddie K had 3.
That's yesterday's pull.
We don't want to talk about yesterday.
Monica Balucci, not to be confused with John Balucci, is on today's
web-beated curtain thing.
Monica Balucci was born in, oh, look at that.
Chittade Castello, Ombria, Italy.
Chittade Castello.
That's the city of Lucostello.
On September 30, 1964, which makes her 40-40.
Right?
Right.
She's in a centrality, which is being made next year, not even this year.
Combien Tuganias is being filmed right now.
The brother's grim, completed, but not out yet.
The matrix online.
She hate me.
Oh, she hate me.
Agent Cegris, the passion of the Christ.
Did you know that she was Monica Balucci?
Was in that?
The passion?
The passion of the Christ.
I did, yeah.
I didn't see it.
I know what happened.
Well, thank God.
Prince of Persia warrior within the matrix revolution, sinbed, legend of the seven seas,
enter the matrix, the matrix reloaded, run out of the matrix, have fun with the matrix.
Here's of the sun, ricordate d'éme, irreversible, asterix and obelix, and a whole bunch of others
to under suspicion, a Mediterranean, alos, keaman, ultimo, l'udimo capadano, whatever the hell I mean, was I mean.
You tell me?
L'udimo capadano.
I think that's something about the capa regime.
I don't know what they mean.
The apartment, she's in a whole bunch of stuff.
Anyway, Monica Balucci, she looks fine.
We got to be more than one picture.
How many pictures we got up there?
I would think about 30, man.
So there she is, the prices right now.
The Terry Shivoh thing, before we get to the, I just got too much here to handle.
I'm going to pass out.
Too much stress, too much pressure.
A lot of pressure.
Employing an extraordinary congressional maneuver, House Republican leadership early.
They made a last ditch effort to keep doctors from removing the feeding tube of Terry Shivoh.
And they're going to do it.
Right now, because he has pissed off and fired up.
He has invited Terry and her husband, Michael, to appear and testify before his committee in the Senate.
Also, the House invited them to appear.
In fact, they got a subpoena from Dennis Hasterd, Tom DeLay and Tom Davis.
They subpoena them to appear.
Terry Shivoh, you're going to have to give her testimony.
That ought to be really riveting.
If you enjoyed yesterday at the baseball stuff with a steroids, you'll read it up when Terry has her moment in the sunshine.
And says, mm-hmm, like that.
Now what she's going to say?
Yeah, something like that.
Terry, how do you feel about that, too, Bonnie?
Mm-hmm, like that.
That's bad.
That's really disrespectful.
But I think that's about all she could say at this point of, if that.
So, of course, to show a tremendous waste of energy.
This is your Congress at Work, ladies and gentlemen, we're paying like $80 a gallon of gas now.
We've got millions of people with no health care.
We've got the people don't know where the next meal is coming from.
We've got this enormous deficit.
The American dollar is like worth 15 cents.
And we're worried about the steroids in baseball.
And let's buy all means, keep that tube in Terry's nose.
Okay? That's right. The important thing.
That's right. We've got our head on straight, man.
We've got our predators all straightened out.
When did that straighten that baby out?
Can we still say that? Like I said.
1026 at 560 WDQM.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players.
Palpano Park has got the gambling action you're looking for.
Just a half mile from both I-95 of the turn.
Palpano Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon, goes on to midnight and live racing gets underway at 7.25pm.
Coming up this Saturday, March 19, sounds like tomorrow to me.
Palpano Park wants to thank all of you for your support and the passage of the slot machine vote with a victory party.
If you voted against it, it lost.
This Saturday, tomorrow, Palpano Park will have a special cake cutting ceremony and live music.
And it will be court of night with all race programs, draft beer, hot dogs, sodas, popcorn and more.
All is just 25 cents a piece.
If you voted against it, it will be 25 bucks a piece.
There will also be free minutes of horse rides for the kids.
It's our way of saying thank you for your support.
Come celebrate with our 25 cent night this Saturday, tomorrow.
It's almost as good as free spaghetti.
Not quite. Palpano Park, a block site for the landing Boulevard and a power line road for the current racing schedule call.
9.5.4.972.2000 or just go online at palpanopark.com.
Don't forget, Pukerum starts at noon today and live racing underway tonight at 7.25pm.
You want to see 70 annual Rogers?
It's commosively on 5.60pm.
Good.
Good bye, still a heart man.
Bring the view in as you will win good guys that have so much fun to give.
But you'll marry the psychotic bitch.
A drink of finger cottage hitch.
But the good news is that cheap new self away.
Because everybody knows that you're telling.
They let burners walk every day.
Another laughter has died thanks to your psycho bitch wife who had a stupid face like grin.
And news radio was a main show except that you were there.
And some characters from the sins that lost their voice.
You've found more than this your life would have lasted long.
But she left you no choice.
Good bye, joy the floor that you may know from such.
Still dead, I'm sorry that I've heard a rumble has begun.
And honey, I just blew your head off.
Now Lionel Huts can't get rid of.
She's dead anyway.
Saturday night has fallen further.
In decades since that's the reason you left anyway.
And the toxicity dies because of your psychotic wife with a cheap big bang like grin.
And the sins will never be less shame again.
And I saw this like John S. Supreme to fall.
It's a good thing she said.
Because now they can't defend that bitch you have for a while.
Okay, well I know that I'm true to you but that's where it goes.
Sorry about that.
We'll live at the Friday.
Well, we all hit at the same time.
I'm sure it didn't meet Miguel.
Yes.
Good. Anyway, when I was awarded there we can't say anymore which is kind of sad because that bit was from a few years ago.
But nevertheless.
So anyway, where do I start?
Now see here's Jimmy who means well.
Pretty Prince committed suicide by shooting himself.
Everybody know that.
There's only, oh I see.
What does that mean?
Yeah, but you don't understand the background.
I understand he committed suicide just like Kurt Cobain did.
But the fact of the matter is there was drugs, drugs, drugs, drugs.
That's what it was all about.
Okay.
Lots of it.
So I don't really know what this says.
You're trying to do like I didn't correct the poll.
I did like hours of research.
I poured, oh and by the way speaking of Kurt Cobain, if you really want, if you have a lot of extra time on your hands you have no life.
I have no life.
Go online and you can find 44,000 different conspiracy theories about how Kurt Cobain really died and why and better be better.
But does anybody really care quite that much?
No.
You care?
No.
No.
Do we care about Courtney Love?
No.
Absolutely not.
She shot her leave you.
What?
She shot her.
There you go.
Anyway, now here's the poll for today and I want to get to this Jose Cansoco book and I don't want to do a lot of reading from there because we can't really get upset all the way.
I really don't care.
Who is your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs or booze?
Now that doesn't necessarily mean that the instant that they stopped reading that the immediate cause was.
But you know, the drugs and booze, you can't separate that if you're going to talk about Kurt Cobain and his death and it seems like Freddie Prince.
So if you want to send me a stupid fax go ahead.
If you want to do a little research first and read up about these people, then you'll find out that as usual I tend to be.
Absolutely correct me.
A lot of mistakes like showing up some days but believe you me when I tell you okay, we know our Freddie Prince.
Now, Kurt Cobain was doing heroin.
Right.
He just got out of rehab for crying out loud when his brains were blown out.
And of course then there's a question about was he murdered?
Didn't he really do it?
Although quite frankly it's a lot more significant to I think the human race than the baseball players doing steroids.
See that whole thing yesterday, there are people out there who really believe that this is worthwhile and a useful expenditure of your taxpayer time and money for the Congress of the United States to have some representatives to be conducting hearings with a bunch of stupid jocks and asking,
oh did you take roids? Did anybody else around you take roids? Did you take a shot in a vacuum?
It's for the children.
Yeah right, they're alive.
And that's my point, that's what I'm doing this pool today and I show you how ridiculous it is because in show business actors, actresses, certainly musicians there are just as many and probably a hell of a lot more widely publicized stories about super stars,
doing every kind of drug that's ever been invented, something you never heard of, and hell of a lot more controversial than sprikens, steroids.
And yet are we having hearings about those?
Should we be having hearings about those?
No.
Absolutely not.
Now let's see if we're today's pool, Bradley Noul from Sublime, died of a heroin overdose. Well that's good.
I hope next time you do this pool we can put on Mark McGuire.
Yeah, we can put on Mark McGuire and his bitch ass alligator tears.
Wouldn't that be something that they had to chop his legs off like that boxer?
Would it be steroids?
And of course it's horrible that those people they were testifying and they lost their kids committed suicide.
But you know something?
How many other kids killed themselves with drugs because they were emulating some rock star, huh?
And by the way for that stupid bitch congress wall woman that got up there, it's not 500.
It's 500,000 eighth and tenth graders who've been using steroids, not 500.
She just had a little bit of a misstabilization there, okay?
That's what she says.
She said 500.
They pick her.
Yeah, the number was 500,000 but nevertheless only a couple of off, you know, idiotic bitch.
So here's what we got on a pool so far.
And I'm sure that there are some more, a lot of dead performers because of drugs and booze, especially the drug part.
I mean the idea of the, it's just laughable on the face of it.
Let me say it again, Ilyana Ross-Latin, I hope there is nobody in this audience who ever votes for her.
I know that she wins hands down because she's got that old, the green tooth crowd again.
I hope Miguel certainly, nobody in your family ever voted for that bitch.
Well, most of them can't vote so it's all right.
Good.
Put them back on a banana boat, okay?
Get them out of here.
Damn it.
She is such an imbecile.
She didn't ask anybody any questions, not that there were any answers for it coming anyway, but that was supposed to be the process.
She doesn't ask any questions.
She makes a five minute speech about Raffee and how much we respect Raffee and Sammy and blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm Raffee wouldn't go and play against Fidel and against the Cuban national team because he wouldn't dignify Castro
and how we have the sweet name after Jose right down the block of this school and I went to school, I block away.
Oh my God, almighty.
And Hans Wright, she's just like that scene in the Godfather where he's testifying about the Italian people are wonderful people.
And they're never ever still afraid to train.
And she's going out about the Cuban people.
You know something Ilyana, you are disgrace to the human race.
Rosanna, Rosanna, Dan of the real one.
She's got to be turned over in her grave.
You know what?
Seriously, turning over in her grave.
I bet you that Gene Wilder would like to come there and just take a Louisville slugger and knock her head right off her shoulders.
Her fat head off her fat shoulders.
Man, that performance she put in yesterday, that was one for the record books with no asterisk.
You're all time favorite celebrity who died from drugs, drug, booze or whatever.
John Belushi, no contest, 89.
Jimmy Hendrix, 42.
You know, fat and drugs is not a good combination either.
Fat in anything.
Jimmy Hendrix, 42.
Elvis, 39.
Chris Farley, 34.
Speaking of fat.
Marlon Monroe, 19.
Kurt Cobain, 11.
He shot himself, you know.
Janice Joplin, 10 Lenny Bruce H.
Charlie Parker, 7.
St. Vicious, 6.
River, Phoenix, 6.
I thought he'd done it.
Jack Harrowack, 6.
John Bonham, Led Zeppelin, 5.
William Holden, 5.
Die with a bottle in his hand.
William Holden was great, but he was a drunk.
Freddie Prinz, 4.
Keith Moon, 4.
Shannon Hoon, 5.
Shannon Hoon, 5.
Shannon Hoon, 5.
You know what I keep going, right?
I caught him.
Shannon Hoon.
Okay.
I mean, he's cool.
He's right above.
Looking up.
We love the live, Melan.
Don't we?
The live, Melan's pretty good.
What?
You have that song stuck in my head.
What do you mean by that?
It's like my early, late 18,
late 18, late 18, late 18.
I love that.
Yeah, it's a good song.
Anyway, he's dead.
Shannon Hoon, 2.
Judy Garland, 4.
D.D. Romone, 2.
Bobby Hanfield, 4.
The Writers Brothers, 2.
Andy Gibb, 2.
Steve Clark, F. Lebert, 2.
Bradley Noel, 1.
John Phillips, 4.
Mama's and Papa's 1.
Frankie Lyman, the teenager's Frankie.
Oh, wow.
That's where the Frankie Lyman guy, he's dead.
Drugs.
Brian Jones, the Stone's 1.
David Ruffin, 1.
Temptations.
Montgomery Cliff 1.
Hey, Montgomery.
Bobby.
No, that's not what I want to say.
Monty.
You're fair.
That's it.
Eugene Vincent Nunn and Phil Lina,
Lynette Thinlizzy, 322 votes.
A lot of dead performers.
Let me say it again.
And when we, after the break, I just
a couple of paragraphs again from Jose Conceco's book.
And keep in mind, if you went out there and got suckered
into buying a book, you should demand your money back
because well, it took two years to write the book
and now I've changed my mind.
And let me tell you this crap about the steroids made you look so young.
You could pass for 55 easy sweetheartedly.
You make me look like a queen of women.
I'm 16.
QA.
Another additional.
What is today?
What if Janice Joplin were an Avon lady?
Yes, ma'am.
Help you.
Yes, ma'am.
You could say, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am.
Who would have been the name of the name of the wave of the wave of the wave of the wave of the God of the wave?
What's the shooting next time to find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight?
This bulletin just ends.
It appears that the first lady has disappeared.
Next we ask.
What?
10.26, 14 to 11.
Let's look at that schedule.
We got Mohawar David, who's just signed with SportsUSA Radio.
Mohawar David is two.
We got the man of dog at four.
Oh, right.
And he's a mad dog, by the way, at public 6-0-1 South Andrews Avenue in Fort Lauderdale.
Wow.
He is reading with up in the world, you know what?
Curtis Stevenson, 7-0-10 tonight.
We have a guilty pre-Friede in the etiquette at 10 o'clock.
That's our schedule at QAM.
Match that, Danny Boy.
Okay, here's a fact from John who says,
well, if you have the loser from Nevada on there, then you certainly need to put my hero.
Hunter, rest time, sonon.
You're hero.
All I can say to that is, yeah, get him on her.
Hunter, rest time.
All right?
She's drunk.
Okay, now here's Jose Canseco's book.
Again, what's a good thing I bought this, you know what?
Did you wind up reading more?
No.
Oh.
Well, no, actually I went toward the ass end to try to find some of the stuff that that one congressman
was reading.
Do you see that when he read it to him?
No.
And again, the response from Jose with the straight face was, well, it took two years to write this book,
since then I've changed my mind.
See, this is because he didn't, this is because he's testifying without immunity, and obviously
it's going to be a parole violation.
His big ugly ass is going to be back in his slammer.
He's going to have the ankle bracelet on again when he goes home.
He's going to have to have his visits to my house for 1,500 bucks an hour to have a coffee
con leche or whatever the hell he's doing there.
Give me a break, you lion sack of crap.
And of course, by his performance in his behavior, he raises grave doubts on everything
he wrote in the book.
Although the McGuire thing, there was no doubt.
Well, of course, I mean, the book was definitely just a paycheck, you know.
That's all I wanted.
He just wanted the money.
I would think, well, we don't doubt that, but the obvious question is, did he want the money
by spilling the beans with the truth or did he just make a lot of it up?
That's the question.
We know we wanted the money.
He's desperate.
I'd say, if I were to guess, I'd say it's like 50-50.
50-50?
How much would you bet?
50 cents?
That's it.
Anyway, here, I just, I know McGoug is real upset all the way.
I have a lot of stuff to read here today, and I don't care what McGoug thinks because he's
so accepted that everybody will be doing it.
This is what I spent $36.95 Canadian Gwatin' Vi, and he changed his mind.
Every one of you, every one of you suckers like me who bought the book, you should demand
every fund immediately not sooner.
I'm going to read that sentence again.
I have no doubt whatsoever that intelligent and informed uses steroids combined with
human growth hormone will one day be so accepted that everybody will be doing it.
Steroid usually more common than Botox is now.
Every baseball player and pro athlete will be using at least low levels of steroids.
Every baseball player and pro athlete says Jose the Maven.
As a result, baseball and others sports will be more exciting and entertaining.
Human life will be improved too.
We will live longer and better, and maybe we'll live longer.
What?
We will love longer and better too, he says.
Oh yeah, he looks like a real specimen.
We'll be able to look and have strong fit bodies well into our 60s and beyond.
It's called evolution, and there's no stopping it.
All these people crying about steroids in baseball now will look as foolish in a few years
as the people who said John F Kennedy was crazy to say the US would put a man on the moon.
People who see the future earlier than others are always feared and misunderstood.
Now Jose, now they will fear you.
The public needs to be informed about the reality of steroids and how they've affected
lives of many baseball players, including me.
Have I used steroids you bet I did?
Did steroids make me a better baseball player?
Of course they did.
If I had it all to do over again, would I live a steroid in a rich life?
Yes I would.
Do I have any regrets or crumbs about relying on chemicals to help me at a baseball so far?
To be honest, no I don't.
Now here's the next page, page three.
This is right off the, get right of the box, right at the gift go here,
and then begin at the book pages two and three.
He says, yes, you heard me right.
Steroids use correctly will not only make you stronger in sexier,
they'll also make you healthier.
This is better living through modern chemistry you understand.
Certain steroids used in proper combinations can cure certain diseases.
Steroids will give you a better quality of life and also drastically slow it on the aging process.
If people learn how to use steroids and grow it more properly, especially as they get older,
60, 70, 80 years old, their way of living will change completely.
If you start young enough when you're in your 20s, 30s and 40s in use steroids properly,
you can probably slow the aging process by 15 or 20 years.
I'm 40 years old but I look much younger, he says, likely story.
And I can still do everything that I could when I was 25.
Again, I'm sure referring to his swordsmanship, which quite frankly we don't want to hear about.
At least I don't.
Now we go back to page 283 toward the ass end of the book.
See, I did read to a couple more paragraphs Josh, right on.
And I apologize when you get the book, it will have some paragraphs circled or real little ink in there.
I'll be all right, I'll take a look.
Couple of dog-eared pages, you can handle that.
Yeah, I didn't have to pay the 40 bucks for it.
That's right.
Now, US, it's only a bargain, it's only $25.95 plus a recalculable tax and tax.
By the way, thank you, Mr. President, for those bargain gas prices over $3 a gallon already in California
and coming to a gas station near you very soon.
Thank you, and I'll present for those low gas prices.
Oh my God.
You fare exactly.
Now, getting back to the book.
There's no more pretending what we have to look forward to is a world where honestly about steroids is the only policy
that challenge is going to be demonstrating to people that steroids can be a good thing.
I've never said it'll be easy to educate the American public about all this to get them to accept what biochemistry and biotechnology can do to change their lives.
We're only really getting started on that national conversation and we're in for an awkward period as the revelations about steroids start to sink in.
In the short term, we can count on plenty of people urging baseball to crack down to wipe steroids out of the game.
What I'm hoping for says Jose Kinsako is that some more intelligent forward looking voices will come out and urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids to fight for their place in the game and in our lives.
Does that sound like what he was saying yesterday?
Well, he changed his mind.
Yeah, he changed his mind because he doesn't want to go back in a slam or this slime ball you.
And there's Ilyana Rosanna Dana, which killed her, Radna.
We're very sorry, by the way, honey.
We apologize.
Rosanna Dana, given the sign of the answer and you'll notice by the way, she gave her best kudos to Rafi and Sammy, with Sammy from the Dominican Republic by the way.
He got nothing to do with Cuba, but nevertheless, because she didn't want to get too cozy with Jose there, even though she went to school, a block away.
And he never stole a freight train, although quite frankly, last time I checked, he was Cuban.
Last time I checked, Jose.
And that's why she was trying to do the old cover up there.
Okay, can I interrupt myself?
How about Wolfgang M. Ades Mozart?
Was he a celebrity?
No.
He was the Kurt Cobain of his time.
He drank a lot in party hard.
He died at age 35 and was thrown into a popper's grave.
Well, we'll be for him, okay?
Okay, Wolfgang, you seem to be even moody.
He's okay, that's fine, but he doesn't qualify for a poll.
He's not a celebrity.
Not now.
Not among our slime ball crowd.
Jim says there's a guy who died earlier this year, without whom he may never have had.
BOT-30, ma'am.
Older, he bastard deserves a place in a poll.
Old dirty, that's right.
Remember when he died?
Yeah.
I'm going to have to play that fit with Regis at Old dirty.
BOT-30, ma'am.
He's a 30.
Older, he.
Kind of like Old dirty, you know?
Let's see, how about Rick James?
Yeah.
There's another one for you.
So many.
See, the point I'm trying to make here, and it's pretty obvious to anybody, all of these people,
Jim Morrison, you have to send me that like he's not on the poll.
Did we leave him off the poll?
I need to check.
We left him Morrison off the poll?
That's my bad.
I would know, you're right.
We didn't leave him off the poll.
What a jerk I am.
That was the first one I could remind her.
Nice research.
Yeah.
Up yours.
Go back to Cuba.
Okay, go back with your take a key to your bananas.
You and Iliana, you lope and go back to Havana.
Like to see where Fidel will throw your ass.
Anyway, Jerry Garcia says, oh, not Jerry Garcia, but he never do drugs.
And Jim Morrison.
May I apologize and thank God he facts that he's been in the whole pool and not had Jim Morrison on there.
Although quite frankly, he's still alive.
That's another one.
Kurt Cobain and Jim Morrison, all these cults.
And of course, Elvis, echoed without saying they're all still alive.
They probably have a big party right now.
They're probably doing Roads.
They're probably injecting each other right now.
You think?
That's how Elvis got fat.
He stopped.
Hey, Elvis, you're fairy.
So that's the deal with all these hearings and all this other ballooning.
And the reason for the poll is because like I said, there's 80-zillion people who are admired by young people,
emulated by young people, rock stars, movie stars, all of these people, big names, celebrities, TV celebrities,
drunk drugs, slime of the earth, and yet.
We're not having any, thank goodness, any congressional hearings about that and shouldn't.
And we shouldn't.
That's not what we pay these jerks to be doing with our tax money.
They shouldn't be having the baseball hearings either.
That's what I just said.
That's my point.
That's what we're just catching onto my point.
No, I got you.
What did I say yesterday?
These hearings are absolutely unacceptable, unnecessary and unacceptable.
It's crap.
Just again, goody-two shoes pandering, which is why several of these people just made their flowery little speeches.
And I was kind of concerned like that one black Democrat.
I don't know what her name was, it's simple to me.
I was kind of concerned.
I don't know if he had been an answer or not.
If anybody has anything to say, but I was kind of concerned.
I mean, this is the kind of stuff like, like you'd see on what's that show at a broad suit.
I was at a super nice show, that verbal water show.
The view?
The view.
Yeah, that's the kind of crap.
I was kind of wondering, you know, if you're really as fat as you look on it.
Wow.
And you know something that said part of it is that America is so brainwashed that they really believe this crap.
Just like they were showing on CNN this morning, they were showing the paper of them pulling the statue down,
which was nothing more than a photo opportunity for CNN.
It was all done with a bunch of henchmen.
And they're going on about that in the hole in the ground, you know, where they found a sit-on,
which we now know is a bunch of crap.
The media is not only sick, but the media almost all of these people belong on death roads.
You are the signature, you new Roger.
I'm an ambulance, good luck to get on 566-8-Q-A-M.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
You fairly.
Any questions?
All the world loves a cloud.
So this April Fool's Day, this radio station is going to make a fool out of you.
That's right.
We're going to turn you into a laughing star.
Just be the tenth color when you hear this star.
And we'll get your pants down around your ankles.
Tie your hands behind your head.
Paint a smiley face on your butt cheeks and lock you out of your house.
You'll be the center of attention in no time.
Remember, they're not laughing at you.
They're laughing with you.
With you and your butt cheeks.
Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of,
since they've already done quite a good job making fools of themselves every day on the air.
Employees who never the less wish to drop the pants in public or encourage to do so after leaving the station possible.
Be an April Fool.
People listening for your chance to win.
Love an O2 at 560, everybody.
QM, happy Friday, too.
I mean, you know, that one guy from Massachusetts, I guess, was reading that little ass-in thing from OJ's book.
But I'd like to know how come they didn't read the paragraphs that I just got through, especially that last one.
We're only really getting started on the national conversation.
What I'm hoping for is that some forward-looking voices will come out and urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids
and fight for their place in the game in our lives, huh?
See, this is what Congress does. There are a bunch of melee mouth woosey's, man, the overwhelming majority of them,
who just sit there. It's like they're in awe to be in the presence of these super-jocks,
and especially the God Squad Representative Kurt Schilling, the anxious Kurt Schilling,
with all that every other word was either God or the Republicans, which, of course, nowadays, it's the same crap.
Man, I especially like the part where Sammy had to have his lawyer read his opening statement because Sammy no speeding ways too well.
But that didn't bother early, Anna, man. Rosanna Dana.
How can you people have any conscience and find that somebody like that bitch is a represents part of South Florida in Congress?
How is that possible, huh? It is absolutely unacceptable.
Anyway, don't get yourself all excited.
56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon Singular wireless line. Maybe some of the people watched that.
Maybe they have some thoughts, or maybe not, or maybe they got some more dead people for our pool.
Did the drugies, huh? Perhaps. Perhaps, or maybe not, or maybe they just don't give a flying leap.
WDQ-I-M. Hello.
How many of this is Jesus in Hollywood?
Yes, sir.
Yeah. One of the fucking meals.
You're talking to him.
What do you do about the Lava Blakeets, or often the lick little Kim?
Ah!
That was the best call of the year!
Oh, alright. It's only the middle of March, but that was the winner.
We're going to send you a $1,000,000 in play money.
That was good.
Yeah, and Paula Adrill, she may be getting in big trouble too, by the way.
That's all those stories.
But I don't want to read them right now because McGill get really bent on a shape.
5.670560, 0.560, 0.560 on a Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Don't forget that attorney for the Bakley family since he's going to wipe that smile off or write his push.
That's what he said.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
It's pretty amazing that they want to protect young, high school kids because they're draft age.
Yeah, that's right.
Keep them alive where you need them.
Keep them alive so you can check them over there to be blown up.
For our fodder, for our fodder.
Yeah, for the oil that we're not getting.
Fodder for the mill, right?
Yeah.
Okay, take it easy.
And I might not forget.
I want you to say it.
Thank you, Mr. President, for these little gas prices.
Absolutely.
Thank you, Mr. President, for the low gas prices.
Fight for the iron California and then in white.
In California, that's right.
We could be over there.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pallee.
Okay.
See you at the pumps.
560, 0560, 0560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
This is what you wanted America.
This is what you got sucked into.
And maybe you're paying a wicked, wicked price.
There's people dying a wicked death every day.
And the House of Representatives is holding hearings, talking to a bunch of illiterate jocks about crap.
Should we put an asterisk next to the record?
And Mr. Sealing, are you really as dumb as you appear?
And the only thing we have to fear is Donald Fear.
Get out of here with his crap.
By the way, they had some more NHL meetings just.
They had nothing happened.
No, they hate each other like poison even worse.
Good.
Yeah, the NHL, and they reduced the salary cap off.
They reduced it from 42 out of 37 million.
So as far apart as they were before, just forget about it.
That's all.
That's my suggestion.
Just forget about it.
Just send some more money to Alan Cohen so he can buy a bunch more race horses.
He likes it.
WDQAAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you have such spaces on this, but I was interested in the Mohawar Day, but yesterday.
Yes.
That is FBI, television, 13 years ago, both majorly baseball that I had a steroids problem.
Yeah.
Was the president push part of the Texas Rangers ownership group in that time?
He owned it.
Yeah.
So he should be shouldn't be for Congress.
Yeah, well hold your breath, Tally.
I'll call you up as soon as that hearing takes place.
That was one of the things they pointed.
And they kept trying to say is that the owners knew about it and the managers and every of
people all over the place, the trainers and court court showing you all, well I don't
know, nobody knew not, and I didn't hear about these things.
He's too busy reading his Bible.
Kurt, you don't have time for that crap for this garbage.
An hour and 53 minutes from now, if I weren't for all this right-wing hysteria about Terry
Chivalen and his grandstanding of theirs and they're sticking the federal government into
the state of Florida's affairs, if I weren't for that, she'd be having that tube removed.
It would take some time for her to die and finally have some release and relief, but that
ain't going to happen now because the right wingers are going to show you just how much
they care about life.
Or maybe they're just trying to like, remember when the first president of voice said he didn't
like a broccoli, remember that?
Yep.
Maybe now this Republican group is trying to say, well we changed their mind like Jose,
we like vegetables, after all.
We love him.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello?
On Goliath.
Yes, sir.
I think that the Congress needs to start doing something a little bit more productive.
How many freaking people get killed by alcohol?
Forget the roses.
How many people getting a car crash and just kill like 20 other fucking kids?
Yeah, right.
Exactly, very well said.
A little bit too much emphasis on the kids, but nevertheless.
A little bit.
Just a little bit over the top, but I appreciate his emotion.
5, 6, 7, look at the emotion of this crowd, man.
Are they whipped up to a frenzy about this or what?
No.
No.
And I didn't expect so.
You see, the aliena Rosanna-Dana thing, I want you to explain to me.
I guarantee there are people listening right now why you would vote for this insane person,
for this ultimate panderer.
She is the ultimate.
I mean, all people in politics pander, but she makes the others pale into win significance.
A one note Johnny.
Like I said to Hank, they could be talking about what kind of home enthastia you're going to eat on forum,
and somehow she would tie that in to a fidel and Cuba.
She could tie anything into that crap.
They could be talking about drilling in Alaska for oil, and she would tie that into castro and Cuba.
That's all she knows.
Ilyana Rosanna-Dana.
She is my least favorite person on the face of the earth.
Come, even Doug W., I like compared to her.
Wow.
Even Anne Coulter, I like compared to her.
She is the anti-Christ Rosanna-Dana.
How do you read it from?
She is the, let me say it again, she's everything that is wrong in Dade County wrapped up into one piece of pus.
That's her.
WQAM, hello.
Nice call.
That was her.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Talking about stupid things that our government is doing.
I'm a high adopt and I take care of Greyhound.
And the interesting article seems to be that the Kansas State legislature, this is a state where they raise a lot of Greyhound for racing, has passed the bill saying,
Greyhound are not considered dogs because they are not raised as f and do not f and are not under the regulations that are regulated.
Well that's canvas, why is this practice practice practice?
Is there still to do with their creationism thing? There are a bunch of other thoughts.
Now a bunch of more on it, but I thought you might find that interesting.
No.
Okay, thanks.
56705, did you find that interesting?
No.
Not even remotely, but he thought I might.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, Pally.
What's up?
Is it a great attack dollars or hard work?
All the problems the United States has, we're talking about these dumb jokes.
I say let them stick the needles up the rest.
Oh!
Alright, excellent job.
Hey he was fired up.
There you go.
And pissed off.
56705, 60.
Well at least we got somebody down there with a little bit of emotion and that otherwise, it's that heat man, the heat the humidity.
No, I don't know what it's actually a nice day today.
A little wintin' after all the rain, my gut.
From what I'm hearing, it's a mirror, you haven't floated away, it's almost like a tsunami.
That's a week.
No, it hasn't been raining like nonstop for a couple days until today?
Yesterday all day.
Now see, that was a bonus for me because on TSN here, which carries a lot of ESPN programming, they were carrying the hearings.
And they were going to like cut away at four o'clock to the golf that Arnold Palmer golf crap in Orlando.
And there was Arnie, they showed him what his pants up to his knees and they're waiting around in all the water on the greens.
You know, I mean get a life already, will you please Mr. Palmer and Mr. Nicholas, all we shouldn't pick on him at your grandkids' drown.
But even so, it's just that really angers me too.
People who just fritter away their whole lives and cock a rye like that like golf.
What did you do with your life?
OIA was in the golf.
Yeah, WMQAM, hello.
Dr. Phil, if you're on the baseball, WMQAM, hello.
Neil, it is so amazing that our government made so much money and time trying to favor vegetable.
I don't get it.
Yeah.
First they were going about steroids in baseball. Now they weren't about saving vegetables.
There was a huge article in World of the Yesterday's Sun Seno.
It was in the opinion page. It should have been on the front page about the whole mess.
Yeah.
Nobody's going to read it. Nobody can read it.
Of course not.
They're oblivious. Your government is frittering away your money like it was come out of a faucet somewhere.
They're like peeing it right down the drain, man.
You know, they talk about separation of turtions.
Hey, then you know, the federal government does this thing and the state government is a bunch of hoolie.
Exactly. Somebody end up with saying, thanks a lot, Pallie.
Good luck.
I'll see you right at the border, maybe. I'll see you at the peace, bridge.
Oh, there's Terry.
And there's Ricky Tiki Sanchez and Terry Shabot.
There's everything else.
Everything we do really in and everything we're peeled about.
All the reprimanded one thing.
The decisions or rulings that have been made by courts.
How often do we see something like this?
Yes, well, he's got under with him.
Kindle pulled the coffee.
Almost unheard of.
And just as we see this agonizing personal debate between husband and parents, illegal, I mean, a political debate between right to life and death with dignity,
we're now seeing an evolving constitutional debate with a courts on one side of it saying this is the kind of personal individual case which the courts are to decide.
The legislative branches on the other.
And our history and our traditions say that courts don't tell presidents how to conduct war, Congress, whether or not to raise taxes.
And the legislature doesn't decide the life and death issues, the human rights inside of an individual court case.
There you go. Nice going, Candle.
You finally said something good.
You need to kneel, Rogers.
The rest of the way on 5.60, you should be in A.M.
Yes.
Freedom and faith, cheese.
A guy in a dance.
You failed.
Never was his hair or seem to have a care, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe.
White thing drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe.
Your bottle was hot, and now it's Kurt.
They ain't got Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
Made a million in hour, never took a shower, Kobe.
He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mach Pit, Kobe.
He'll be Elvis the King and say, Grunge, was my thing, Kobe.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
Let's take a look at that pool, see how it's percolating.
We got too many things going on all at the same time.
We got 446 votes, who's your favorite all time celebrity who died from drugs or booze.
Not necessarily, I mean, like immediately, but you know, as a result of.
Got it?
John Volushe, 129, Jimmy Hendrix, 54, it's no contest just like yesterday.
And Elvis, 49, Chris Farley, 44, Marilyn Monroe, 21, Kurt Cobain, 21.
I think he's still alive.
No, he's got the 14, sorry.
Lenny Bruce, 12, Janice Joplin, 11, William Holden, 11, Jim Morrison, 8.
We apologize again for putting him on the late hill win.
What you think?
Charlie Parker, 8, John Bonham, 11, 8, Sid Vicious, 7, River, Phoenix, 7, Jack Kerawak, 7, Keith Moon,
11, the who's 6, Judy Garland, 6, Jerry Garcia, 5, Hunter S, Thompson, 5, Freddie Prinz, 5,
DD Ramon, 4.
Joy Ramon, by the way, dead from lymphoma.
Just in case you were wondering.
Do you know that?
No.
Shannon Hoon.
Stop being a bad bad bad bad bad.
Oh, you're a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad.
I can say you're a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad.
I love it.
Anyway, he has four, Shannon Hoon.
Older and he basures got three.
Now let me forget to play that bit.
Bond Scott from ACDC's got three.
Bobby Hadfield and the rights and his brothers.
Billy Medley and Bobby Hadfield.
The rights and his brothers who make me want to puke three.
Andy Gimff III.
Steve Clark, a deaf leopard, two Rick James one.
Bradley Noelle, Sublime one.
John Phillips, Mama's and Papa's one.
Frankie Lyman, the teenagers.
We know who gave that vote.
Right.
The Frankie Lyman blow up dog guy.
Brian Jones of the stones one.
David Ruffin one.
Montgomery Clifch, he's got one.
You fairy.
Gene Vincent and Phil Lidoff of the...
I think Lizzie, none.
None for Gene Vincent.
Be Bop a Lula.
Do I remember that?
Of course not.
Do I remember be Bop a Lula on Capitol Records and Gene Vincent?
How is it big in this time for about five minutes?
Let's see.
Here's...
Oh, thank God somebody finally responded to my pleadings, my screechings about this crazy
as bitch.
She's a congresswoman like my little dog was a congressman.
I think Tiny would have probably said something that made more sense.
And it was Cuba and Fidel and Rafi wouldn't play...
She makes a speech.
This isn't a place for grandstaining and speeches about Cuba.
It's a terrible thing.
It's a hearing.
What?
The camera's a role and that's right.
Here's the fact that I couldn't agree with you more.
This is from University Dodge.
It must be from Kimbobo Camp.
I don't think he needs to go back to school.
Who?
Kimbobo.
Why is that?
Because of the spelling.
I got news for him.
He makes more sense than you do.
He says I couldn't agree with you more about Ilyana Ross bitch.
He should go straight to hell and take all of the Diaz Bullards with her.
So no matter how you spell it, after you are...
Absolutely correct sir.
Whoever this was at University Dodge.
We love you Kim.
We're going to hear of it.
But we love you anyway.
You're a good guy.
Plus you don't mess with him.
He's just too big.
Oh.
Look at this guy.
Huge guy.
Now here's the latest and the not so greatest on the...
I'm trying to keep you up to the end.
This is nothing anybody cares.
I don't care.
Who cares about her already?
I care about her as much as I do about the steroids.
As a deadline looms, US Senate Republicans sought to keep severely brain damage.
Terry Shive will arrive today with an invitation to bring her to Washington.
And an attorney for her parents said they hope to move.
We'll buy them more time.
They're supposed to move to 2.00.
1 p.m.
Oh, we're going to be here right in the middle of this.
Isn't that exciting?
Very.
The Senate Health Committee has requested that Terry Shive will ander husband Michael appear in an official committee hearing on March 28th.
Earlier today, a House Committee was issuing congressional subpoenas to stop doctors from disconnecting the tube.
Michael Shive always waits a year long battle, years long battle, with his parents in law containing his wife who's been in a persistent vegetative state.
Florida since 1990.
We would not want to look at it that way.
Since 1990, 15 long excruciating years and they won't let her die.
Courts have cleared the way for him to remove her feeding tube as early as 1 p.m. today.
The tube has removed twice in the past and then reinserted as the battle continued.
I think that Tom Delay ought to take that tube and put it right in his stomach.
Right.
That's it.
It is a contemptive Congress to prevent or discourage someone from following his opinion as finished.
David gives an attorney for her parents said that's what the US Congress is saying.
We want to see Terry Shive.
We want to hear her testimony.
Mmmmmm.
Or just like that.
Would that be great?
In fact, maybe we can get her in Helen Keller.
She won your heart in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifestyle of achievements.
And now, with the discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey,
deaf Jan Records makes available to you.
Helen Keller sings the blue.
Very good.
Terry.
Oh, man.
That's her testimony.
Anyway, I don't know what you're yucking about.
What are you yucking at?
What's she going to say?
The family is prayerfully excited about their daughter going before the US Congress for the whole world to see how alive she is.
Oh, yeah.
We've seen how alive she is.
He said that despite her brain damage, she would be able to travel a statement from the Office of House Majority Leader Bill Fist of the House Majority Leader Bill Fist of the House Majority Leader Bill Fist of the House Majority Leader Bill Fist of the House Majority Leader Bill Fist of the House Majority Leader.
And then, Tennessee, today, said the purpose of the Ahring West Review Healthcare of Policies and Practices,
relevant to the care of non-ambulatory people.
And, of course, there's certainly no grandstanding going on here.
First statement noted that it's a federal crime to harm a respected person called the testify before Congress.
Oh, man, oh, man.
What has happened to the USA?
It's really sad.
How are David Joinsports USA Radio Network?
Absolutely.
Mojoin Sports USA for the 2005 season is the lead play by play announcer for the Networks Weekly NFL and Colors Football Broadcast.
Oh, no, no, no.
It comes to the network following three seasons as the voice of the NFL Miami Dolphins and lead radio voice of an NFL football for these Super Bowl for six seasons.
David's resume also includes stints of the broadcast voice of the Jets, Boston Celtics, New Jersey Nets and Milwaukee Bucks, currently hosted daily talk show at WNQAMIME.
That's on radio and records.
That nice going there, Mo.
And, Mo, man, Jim Sarni writes, well, he writes that thing about Mojo, how are David?
There's a comfort level in appetite I have doing radio on the national scene.
Mo says, and then Jim Sarni writes, forget about Mark Bandamere's Dolphins New Play by play man on 790, the ticket.
Bandamere signed a three-year extension with the Houston Texans.
The former U.M. announcer didn't see the play basketball.
There's an ESPN 1400.
Reminded local listeners just how good he is.
And he is.
Luke Shamby, who may now be the front runner for Dolphins, dubbed it his first baseball game for ESPN this week.
And he will be on again Wednesday, when ESPN 2 does the Cup Diamond Back game.
I watched the money ESPN 2 already.
Was he good?
Yeah, they were.
Love's book.
Were you even saying that were enthusiastically judged?
No, I think he does a great job.
He does a great job on baseball.
Wednesday, when ESPN 2 does the Cup Diamond Back game, he'll be on again.
Shamby will work with Rick Stuckliff and Steve Stone.
Steve Stone?
You're fairie.
And then Jim Sarni, who's a little bit behind the time,
Jim managed appears to be out his Dolphins analyst.
Well, we know that.
So it's not appears to be he's out.
You're out, Jim.
Sorry, we said that with great sadness in this May.
And of course, they sure how stupid the parties involved there were about that deal.
And that business about them calling him up too nice to go at home,
giving him that the ultimatum.
Can you imagine that?
Give him the business.
Yeah, give him the business.
Unless you do a talk show for us, you're off those Dolphins broadcasts.
They know he, see to me, that's contract tampering.
They already know he signed five more years of QA and they're calling him up,
giving him ultimatums.
I'd sue their ass over there, okay?
I take their ticket and stamp it and then stick it right where the moon don't show up.
Right, right.
27 past 11 at 5, 60, 70, QM.
Hey, even after all this time, some of you are a little queasy about buying a bet over the phone.
I can't imagine why, because I've been doing it for a long time.
And a lot of other smart folks at QM do the same.
When you call 1-800 mattress, the number for dial amacres,
you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy.
So there's absolutely no risk.
1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else in industry
because they do a better than anybody else.
Once you try it, I guarantee you'll never go back to a showroom again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-arounds, no showroom should end against no rip-offs,
just factory direct prices on the best brands you know trust and love.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling the company ranked number one in
Prestomer satisfaction.
They carry the best names in the universe they got them all.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Tempority, and Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
And dial amacres offers no payments or interest now until 2006,
what's not to like?
Call dial amacres toll-free, 1-800 mattress for all the details.
Like I said, I've been using them for a long time as his moh,
and George, and Miguel, and Fatboy, and all the smart folks at Q-Way.
I'm all satisfied customers.
Call them today or log onto their website,
macrars.com, for the best sleep you've had in a long, long time.
The smart, the easy way to get you a great night's sleep, 1-800-MATTRES.
You can't stay to the needle Rogers.
And we'll simply...
1-5-60-MAM.
Try the you bastard.
Oh, how about a David and Joel?
We got a little ticket to Pacere.
First Wallace will be dirgin' us.
My daughter's in pictures, you know.
She waits for the prestigious Miramar picture.
But he shut up and first Wallace has on the phone to call.
The one you missed or willest, did it?
How do you do?
Welcome to my show.
You, and what a wonderfully glistening buddy of Hoyt you do have.
So, you're a joisy boy, huh?
Yeah, not for Brooklyn.
They got in spot at a oiled entity.
Except that I died at Beth Beach with the bad fish.
They're by the way something to do.
You're in that business, right?
Yeah, you know how it is.
Did you ever wake with it?
It rained into the bird?
No, it didn't.
Well, I just did.
I did not know he was gay.
It's hard to believe, but there's a gay.
So, you know, one of those things, you know, when I drive home,
I have to pull off the road to think about this, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Next movie, hit a bomb.
I hope.
Favorite cheese, I can read it.
Well, thank you, Mr. Willis, for this luminali cool.
Yeah, Mr. Personality.
Oh, how'd you like for me, Bruce Willis, for a day, grief of it?
I love it.
Yeah, you're so stupid.
You are.
You're gay.
You're fair.
Number 33, 27-0-06560WQM, we got Moa-2, man-dogged-four from publics,
6-0-1 South, Andrews Avenue and 4-Lotterdale.
You're going to go over to see him?
No.
Why not?
I'll be busy.
Curtis, 7-10, 8-K, 10 o'clock, doing what?
Chasing a Josh's mother around the building.
By the way, I want to apologize to Josh Curtis' mother
for making those comments last week, because I didn't know.
Why didn't you tell me that?
I thought you knew.
All were compared to Dorine, she's probably pretty hot, I would think.
No comment.
I'm not asking you, I'm asking Miguel, Ziz, I'm not going to ask you to see your mother
is pretty hot.
Oh, geez.
Cargis is up some really nasty images.
Yes, me, what guys look better?
Then you've got some of the sandbottles.
Like Jose Canseco or Kurt Schilling.
David Letterman and his girlfriend, thank law enforcement officials for uncovering a plot
to kidnap their 16-month-old son from their Montana ranch saying they were forever grateful.
Isn't this heart-wending?
Whatever that means?
The man charged yesterday with hatching the scheme, Kelly A. Frank.
Worked as a painter with the talk show host, 2700 acres spread near the rugged Rocky Mountain Front.
The 43-year-old Frank who quoted the police had planned to hold a boy in his nanny for $5 million ransom.
What a slimeball.
Kelly A. Frank.
I wonder if he's kind of Del Frank.
In a statement issued by the Publicists for Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants,
Letterman and his girlfriend, Regina Lasco, praised the FBI and local authorities,
will forever be grateful for their talent, suffering, and determination to be seriously pursued this situation.
The couple said in a statement. They also said,
Stephen Rubenstein, a spokesman for Worldwide Pants, said he couldn't comment on whether Letterman's family was in Montana
at the time of Frank's arrest.
The host of CBS' late show taped three programs earlier this week,
but the number of coverage of the man's college basketball tournament, preempted this Thursday and Friday shows.
Well, that's a problem with CBS to get them college hoops on their non-stop.
No matter what you want to watch, it's just not on there because they got west-witch-a-tall status
playing Boise State the Girls School for the Blind.
Come on already.
Okay, it's all very important.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Neverland Housekeeper says kids' drink and slept with Jackson.
Drink.
A lot of that Jesus' juice getting spread around.
Michael Jackson's former housekeeper described Neverland Ranch yesterday as a place where children became wild
during long stays with it without their parents, drank Boos in Jackson's presence,
and often slept with a pop star.
You're fair.
Instead of in their assigned guest rooms.
But under cross-examination, the woman testifies he never saw Jackson serve alcohol to minors.
Additionally, he says he believed the accuser and his brother were staying in guest rooms, not Jackson's room,
during the time the voice as he was molested.
Testifying in Jackson's chalbomal station trial, Keke IVnier said Jackson would focus his attention on particular children,
all of them were boys between 10 and 15.
Huh?
She said the string of boys included movie star McCulley Culkin, the accuser and the current case and his younger brother,
a boy whose family reached that multimillion dollar settlement with Jackson 93 after a alleged molestation, and Frank Tyson.
A Jackson associate now in his early 20s was named as an unindicted Culkin's spiriter in the current case.
The adab goes on and says, but for a year, our 40-year work that they Jackson owned for about 12 years before leaving in September 2003.
Also, yesterday, one of the investigators who searched Neverland, Sargent Con, able to the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department testify that he found books with nude and semi-nude photos of adolescents to the rest of the Jackson's office,
and the office also contains surveillance equipment that could be used to monitor phone calls.
However, under defense cross-examination, he said he could not say for sure whether it had ever been used,
didn't know whether the equipment could be bought legally, also conceded to could have been used as part of the security system at the ranch.
And a partridge in a paratrooper. Now comes the most important part.
The biggest story of the day, forget about those steroid hearings, forget about Terry Shilwell in that vegetative state.
Little Kim faces jail.
Oh my god.
Right, isn't that the most important story of the day?
That's right. Poor Kim.
Like that guy that called all bent out of shape about how veredigates off, a little Kim made me go into jail.
And quite frankly, after those pictures we had on there, was it yesterday, Josh?
No, it was a little days ago.
Yeah, two days ago.
Oh, brother, she belongs on death row after that.
No, in fact, George does for putting that on there.
She is nasty.
Oh, you're gonna, huh? That's why you got here.
No, and George is suspended for putting little Kim on it.
Yeah, let's play the game like they used to on the first game.
George isn't rehabbing.
Or George got so many votes on the poll yesterday about you, Haydom, that he's not here today.
He's home looking his wounds.
He needed that break.
Right.
He's not even here to hear the story on the swapping, on swinging, white swapping.
We'll get to that.
Rapper, a little Kim has expected to be sentenced to jail time after being convicted of
perjury yesterday in New York.
Oh, no.
How can this be?
The pint-sized performer who won a Grammy in 2001, hung up for her performance alongside
Pink, Maya, and Christine Aguilera on the song Lady Marmalade.
And if I ever see that video again, I will absolutely bust my TV screen.
Don't you hate that?
Yes, pretty weak.
Oh!
And you know, when I was in Amsterdam, that's when that was out.
The summer, a couple of years ago, went a bit hell out of it.
And every, no matter which MTV channel or music video channel, and there must be 50 of
Movedeer, every two minutes there was...
Oh, geez.
Be happy that we're playing a video.
They play a lot of videos over there.
That's where you find out what music is all about when you're in a place where they play
music videos, as opposed to the US when they just have a bunch of stupid, so-called, you
know, reality shows.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, she was being tried for obstructing the course of justice, conspiracy, and commit
perjury, and making false statements.
The charges stem from her connection with a shootout between her entourage and associates
of a rival hip hop artist outside New York Radio Station.
She was not 97 in 2001.
Oh, it's those east coast rappers and the west coast rappers again.
Oh, man.
Prosecutors alleged that the singer lied to them during their investigation and during grand jury
testimony.
I wonder what old dirty would think about this, you know.
Yesterday, the singer beat the obstructing justice charge, but was found guilty on three
counts of perjury and one conspiracy charge.
The singer told Prosecutors she was wearing dark glasses, and therefore did not see her
associates, Damian Butler, and Suif Jackson take place in the shootout.
But several witnesses placed the two at the scene with her.
Though she left the court silently, the 29-year-old rapper later released a statement saying the
verdict left her disappointed, the rapper will return to court June 24 for sentencing.
She faces up to five years behind bars for each count.
How do you like that?
Go right up, Bobby Blake, he walks free and poor little Kim.
She's going on the inside.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die, from being able to make you do
the
I should never keep them down.
I'll take back mostly drunk inside my cowboys.
I'll give you time for the fact that bars, they'll let these boys your doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You shriek to sign that for my intestines.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you've
given this time.
I would act in need to fall low.
Here by your feet that well I swallow.
Why can't you lend me so you can laugh?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
My foul will block inside my heart.
It can take my turn to go out.
Welcome.
It's good, that's good, that's good.
It's good, that's good.
I'm tired of you.
Number 46, another good butcher job at Mount Sinai.
14 to a new in a Qion.
536 votes.
Who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs and booze?
Let's find out when those congressional hearings are going to be about what's going on in Hollywood?
What's going on in the world of music with all these fill-pop and druggies?
I mean the notion that those hearings should have taken place yesterday is so ludicrous and so ridiculous and so totally unacceptable.
There are no words to describe.
Leave it to me.
John Belushi, 146.
They love John Belushi.
Jimmy Henry, 166.
Elvis, 59.
Chris Farley, 53.
Marilyn Monroe, 26.
Kurt Cobain, 18.
Lenny Bruce, 14.
William Holden, 14.
Jim Morrison, 12.
He's moving up there.
He's climbing up the ladder.
Janice Joplin, 12.
Jerry Garcia, 11.
John Bonham, 10.
Charlie Parker, 9.
River Phoenix, 9.
Judy Garland, 8.
Older, 8.
Seven.
You don't keep reminding me to play that thing.
About 30, man.
Yeah, right.
Hunter S. Thompson, 7.
Sid Vicious, 7.
Is Sid Vicious?
Not Nell Moe.
Jack Kerrow, 7.
Keith Moon of the Who's Six.
Freddie Prince, 5.
Shannon Hoon.
Oh, that's a key of slow-through mind line.
Live Miller.
No way.
Let's play a play called to a clock,
when you say,
forget a 40-year-old.
Maybe a 50-year-old.
All I can say is that my heart is pretty bright.
D.D. Ramon, 4.
Bond, Scott, from ACDC3.
Bobby Hempfield,
the righteous brothers in Andy give each F3.
Andy Gibb,
Bradley Nuelos of Blind,
David Ruffin, 2.
David Ruffin, 10.
Steve Clark, Deaf Leopard 2.
Rick James 1, John Phillips of A.
Mamas and Pop is 1.
Phil Linnett of Thin Lizzie 1.
Am I saying that right?
Linnett?
Linnett?
Why not?
Dr. Bob R. Not.
Frankie Limon 1.
Brian Jones of the Stones 1.
Montgomery Cliff.
You fairy.
Had one.
And Gene Vincidone, have any.
Bebop, Alula.
They don't know he R. Gene.
They don't remember he at all.
What kind of a name of a song is that?
Anyway, Bebop, Alula.
Could have been working Nelson and Bebop, baby, right?
And then you got West Life with Bop Bop, baby.
But you had Bebop, Alula, with Gene Vincidone.
And they're having hearings on steroids.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on either right.
I think that Congress is on drugs.
I think that anybody who votes for Iliata Rosanna Dana is got to be on heavy, heavy medication.
Has got to be taken tremendous handfuls of pills and drugs and all kinds of shots in their ass.
You got to be a lunatic.
What is wrong with you people?
WQA.
Hello.
QA.
Hey, Neil.
You have a chance to hear our five year delay.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
What are you got?
Come on.
Listen, man.
I had adopted a small dog.
And I'm really upset that the government is worried about the steroid use.
Okay.
Well, let's put him on a list.
Yeah.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Neil.
That must be Ted Jr.
Yes, sir.
Now, the judge is on vacation.
Yeah, I'm going to throw his on vacation with the pony boy.
It's okay.
Why don't you go back to your life and have a blast and he'll open this Michael.
Okay.
You idiot.
70 QA.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Your show takes four commercial breaks every hour yet.
So here we take six.
Yeah.
So who cares?
Just want to let you know.
Don't care.
Don't care about Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
And the least bit.
Don't listen to him.
Don't care.
And now that's a really important call.
And here's a guy that's got such a light.
I have no idea.
He's counting the commercial breaks each hour.
Well, he just thought he'd let you know that.
Oh, I see.
Well, I'm so delighted to have that very important information.
And you wonder why Ilya Nara was so there was Anna Dana represents South Florida.
Listen to these calls.
That'll say everything you need to know.
Everything you need to know.
You will learn on this show.
Believe me.
Everything.
Not most everything.
Every single thing.
You will need to know especially about the South Florida mentality.
About the people who inhabit that place.
Not this place.
That place.
I say proudly and with great relief.
How many QAM?
Hello.
What about Johnny Cash?
Yeah, he had a little problem here in Ayrlong, to line.
He walked the line.
The fine line, but not fine enough.
He was a mess for a while.
Yeah, he was a handsome problem.
I think that's a good choice for the poll.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
At least he broke the monotony there, okay?
Johnny Cash.
What do you say?
I say yes.
He's on his way.
He is on there.
Right now.
He walked the line.
Old Johnny Cash.
He couldn't say.
And toward the end, he was looking really bad.
He kind of looked like, oh, and they got Terry Shabo's brother on CNN.
Who's going on about how vibrant she is.
And she's very much alive.
And they just painted a bad.
And while he's talking, they're showing her.
And she's not any kind of life support.
I guess the feeding tube is not considered life support.
Is that what he's trying to say?
Because if they were moving the feeding tube,
she will die in a very, just a few days.
But he claims she's not any life support.
Whatever he's saying.
But she's very vibrant and very much alive.
He said they hit it with five shots.
And she's still alive.
So he said, 70 QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
I also do a talk show.
And I wanted to compliment you.
What do you mean you also do a talk show?
What does that mean?
Who are you?
My name is Steve.
I'm coming to say you're a compliment.
Do you want to hear it?
Go ahead.
But I mean, you see you're also doing a talk show.
I mean, that's provocative.
Where do you do it?
I'm going to need a compliment.
I need to compliment you.
When you picked up on B.B.A.Lula,
that was the late Steve Allen's biggest hit on this history of his TV show.
Yeah.
He read that off there.
He used to be a...
I forgot that in the magazine.
Do you do a talk show where?
Here in town.
On a radio station in town?
Yeah.
On a real over the radio station?
Yeah.
And who are you?
My name is Steve Charlton.
Steve Charlton?
Charlton.
Charlton.
Charlton.
Like in Sydney, Charlton?
Oh, Charlton, Charlton.
Yeah.
What station are you on, Steve?
Well, I don't like you for five and a half years.
You know they switched in L1-1080.
What's that?
It's all Spanish was $50,000 in the G.H.O.M.A. thing I could get.
Well, good luck to you, Steve and say how to Steve Allen.
Okay, I think you'll be joining him soon.
How do you like that?
Was that incredible or what?
That's really good.
Woo!
This day has been so smoking, man.
I can't even bring it into the scribe to you.
Between that very first call,
which was so good, I forgot what that was.
It was sensational, but I forget it.
Is that the one about Little Kim?
Yeah.
I forgot the first call.
It was Little Kim and Barretta.
And now this guy, Sidney Sheldon, or whatever his name is.
Sheldon, Tim or Sheldon Solomon, he's on 1080.
1080 on you.
Oh, I forgot to ask him what time he's on, so we can be sure and miss it.
10-2.
There you go.
And listen, we can't compete with the toast OJ and Omelet and Gritz and whatever.
Can't compete with that crap.
You'll see.
And Sheldon.
And we got Jerry Springer now.
We got the booster.
Man, they're just piling on now.
How do we stay on the air?
How do we do it?
I just wanted to point out that Lynn Sanduels is on serious radio every day.
And Lynn, even though she is a friend, she's a broadcaster like Josh's an expert on bodywash.
Yeah, in other words, she's like you.
She just kind of like dabbles around with it, but she's on serious.
So maybe obviously, she needs some serious help.
And yet, I haven't heard or discouraging or an encouraging word from a certain somebody, you know?
Nothing or more.
I haven't heard a word in the last 24 hours or something, really rotten in Denmark.
That's okay.
We'll keep fumbling our way along.
I'll have enough money to take the wood by and make my contribution.
I'll somehow get through.
I heard somebody, hey, Sheldon, who's that Norma?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Now, when do you say I'm off your feet?
Yeah, damn.
Yes, sir.
That's Reverend Jones.
WQA-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
That's how I was taking a walk.
And I, it's too while you say people here are like such a jerk, man.
You can't even walk with it.
They will say something, you know, like a call, you know, like obscene names.
Really?
People here are like jerks, you know?
I can't wait to get out of here, you know?
Well, good luck to you, Pally.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll see you on a banana boat.
567.05.60.
They are ripped up about these, uh, roid hearings, man.
I am telling you.
In fact, if they really wanted to get the attention to South Florida, they had hemorrhoid hearings.
I'm sure that we get a much bigger, a two-in-audience than they got for these steroid hearings.
But Hank, you know, talk me into watching.
Oh, you will watch.
I know you.
And I wouldn't have watched.
But I came back from watching.
I turned the thing on.
And quite frankly, I couldn't turn it off.
I could not turn that thing off.
You were hooked.
I was absolutely hooked.
No question.
Absolutely.
Right.
No, it's Tammy Sosa.
I love you, Miami.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I can't say.
I don't know.
I can't say.
I don't speak in English.
Hey, wait.
I mean, what was he even doing there?
What was he even doing there?
And Mark McGuire would have, you know, as soon as he started out with the tears, and the money he's raised to him, and for children abuse.
He's alright.
I don't want to see here.
Yeah.
I'm not here to talk about the past.
I'm not here to talk about the past.
Hey, how are you feeling, Mark?
I'm not here to talk about the past.
Hi, however.
Was yesterday Wednesday, Mark?
I'm not here to talk about the past.
How are you doing today?
Pretty good, Pali.
He was near.
I am in the woods with Mr. Lissar.
All day with Dean Martin for the Epo.
He drives away from booze.
He had a few in his time.
I was there.
That was a big pull on.
That was all part of his stick.
He did more like it was.
Yeah.
It was a real guzzle, I thought.
Trust me when I tell you, Pali, yes, and I have to drink a lot more than he ever did.
You know, I'm a Jerry.
Man, they made an extra team.
Look at Jerry.
Yeah, he did.
Well, Jerry, of course, he really became big in the industry.
Although I think his head is back to about two thirds, kind of like a melody.
I want you and the bottle together, and me.
And I like you.
And you're still something to do.
It's made my point of view for it's not safe.
You were listening to me all the time.
I want you to see me.
You are.
We gorilla us with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Ro-Hey, I'm gonna use the hour.
Take that in.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Pup daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you a puppy.
Yo, yo, man, yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-P-A-C-L-Rina, or D-Inlet?
Oh, man.
Is the $100 question, man?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million dollar question.
This is the first one.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a lifeline?
Yeah, I wonder what I got, what do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience.
There are too many white people in here.
There are 50-50 in here, can you help me?
Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right, who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty, we call him.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Registra Filman from who wants to be a millionaire, how are you?
Hey.
Got your friend here, pup daddy.
Yo, dirty, what's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
All right, all right.
Uh, old.
What's up, me?
Old dirty, uh, pup daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And, uh, the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
What's up?
Yo, dirty, finish this off for me, all right?
Hey, man.
Pickering, dickery, blank.
Is it a doc, b, p, c, marino, or d, in a bit?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
I know this, man.
I know it.
I see a spear.
Are you sure?
I'm about 30, man.
Listen, a lot of money, man.
I'm about 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Time's up, uh, old dirty.
Said, Pierre, whoo.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Got to pull the audience.
No, I like to add a lifeline.
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines of yours.
One, you have two lifelines.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you're so 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc.
It's a A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got an Arminator.
Run, you run, you white foe.
Run, shoot the hot five gunner heights.
You're up there.
It's a 1204 at five sixty, WQAM.
About 30 minutes, man.
Five six seven.
They don't forget to flip it that, by the way.
Thank you.
Five six seven, o five sixty, pound five sixty on you, Verizon.
SigmaRider Science, we had not one person called a show,
who admits to ever voting for Ileyanaroos and Adana.
I mean, realize, most part, they're lit on our crowd.
Huh? It'll live in your show. I just said it's for the most part. It's not our crowd, but I guarantee there's a few out there
I bet you there is a
Third man! And believe me 5 6 7 0 5 60
Count 5 60 and leave a rising and singular wireless line WQA. Hello?
Hello? Yes sir.
You know? Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. How are you doing?
Good. What I was thinking was Sam Kennison?
Yes, Sam Kennison is excellent. That's a good choice.
You know?
And thank you so much for having me.
Have a great day. And goodbye.
Sam Kennison, what do you say?
Some of the things I was eating on the phone, which I don't want to hear that.
Oh, I did just have me a delicious piece of assed seeago cheese.
What?
A piece of assiago cheese. Have you ever had that?
That's how that went man. It's good. It's oh, it is great stuff.
WQA. I am hello.
Now that the lawsuit is in full swing.
WQA. I am hello.
I want your booth nearly.
WQA. I am hello.
He's on Sundays. 3 to 4 and death.
WQA. I am hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I think they should implement a stereotype or not a stereotype.
Just a drug testing policy. Just in the whole US Congress.
I mean, I feel like you have to.
That's the best idea I've heard.
I feel like the last time I started the war.
I mean, that is the best we got.
I mean, you have someone to question, but you don't have to tell them.
They don't even have to answer it.
Yeah.
It's like a big show.
Of course, it's just a dog in a pony show for the cameras.
That's all.
I mean, who voted for these people?
I want them to say to the...
You're a new man.
Your neighbor is your cousins, your uncles, your monkeys uncle, your everybody, your distant relatives.
They all voted for these people.
Well, they should be sure to have to do that.
The top adviser to Senator Hillary Rodden Clinton thinks fellow Democrat John Kerry
ran what was basically an inconsistent campaign from President last year.
Accorded a published report.
Clinton and Kerry are considered potential rivals for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination.
I mean, if Kerry really believes that he's going to run again, all I can say is that is...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
The Kerry campaign had a different message every two or three weeks.
And Lewis, director of communications for Clinton's political action committee, told
forward a weekly New York City-based paper aimed at a Jewish audience.
Boy!
Lewis's quoted as saying that Kerry campaign kept trying to actually convince the put a presidency
together line by line, planned by plan.
She said people don't vote for plans.
They vote for presidents.
Asked about the forward report Lewis told the AP that her comments reflect general post-election
conversations about campaign strategy that were discussed throughout the party.
I worked very hard for John Kerry's election.
Lewis told the AP saying she was deeply sorry he lost.
It doesn't sound like the end of Lewis.
I worked with it.
The Kerry campaign in 2004 said Jenny back as a Kerry political aide after reading the
forward story.
Kerry and put in a very close back.
I said it.
They're working together.
A lot of good bills.
He's doing a big fundraiser for her in Boston.
He had a lot of big fundraiser for in Washington DC.
As Senator Clinton said after the election she thinks John Kerry ran a strong campaign
said Clinton's spokesman Philip Brains.
Right.
Hank Shinkoff, a veteran Democratic operative, said Lewis's comments are not helpful to
Hillary.
What Hillary needs is a smooth playing field.
He said all this does is create waves.
Don't make waves, baby.
We want a real smooth playing field.
And by the way Hillary.
You're fair.
560-70560.
Oh, there's Terry Rhymeswood, the ferry.
Court's basically asking that the federal court here in Tampa review the actions by the
state.
What they are trying to do is put anything in motion.
Anything at all that will guarantee that doctors do not cut off her food.
It went so long time in the bad.
It went so long time in the bad.
You were thinking that, weren't you?
560-70560.
Yeah, well, we got 51 minutes and not that we're counting or anything like that, right?
51 minutes until they're supposed to take out that tube.
And if Hillary Anna was anywhere nearby, I could tell them exactly where to stick it.
They don't want to talk about her.
Okay.
The most embarrassing person on the South Florida landscape.
There is nobody even close.
Even your friend, ask Governor Jeb, isn't in the same league with her.
She just gives me spielkeys, man.
She takes my guts and twists them inside and out.
You can tie them into a knot.
Nobody can cue me.
Hello?
Hey, the crow's on steroids.
I shot him up.
Yeah, good.
Keep at it.
Just make sure we don't come back.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Sam Kinnison was killed by a truck driver.
I don't think he belongs on the pole.
Yeah, but Sam Kinnison wasn't, yeah, that's okay.
Whatever.
See, I don't have the background.
I have time while I'm on the year.
That's why I did my research last night on these other ones.
Yeah.
I was in the last opening act on his left New York State tour.
Really?
Doing what?
Sir, I'm a comedian.
Yeah.
Do we know who you are?
I doubt it.
Are you on with Sam Shapiro guy in the weekends on 10?
I don't.
No, I'm not.
If you work real hard, man, maybe someday.
Okay, thanks for the info, pal.
Yes, sir.
Sam Kinnison was hit by a truck and truck driver.
He didn't die from drugs.
Even though, of course, he did a lot of drugs, but in the meantime,
get him off of there right away.
See, this is what happens when we take the word from the audience
and we don't do a lot of heavy-duty research.
Right.
I'll have to see if Eric is there.
No, yeah, he ought to be there by now.
It's 12-09 for crime out loud.
Yeah, after.
I'm sure Eric is there right now working feverishly on whatever
he's doing trying to make a couple of bucks,
Robert Couple of Nichols together.
John Valushi, he's got this one one.
I hate the ones where the winner is in it,
but it's a good battle after that.
Who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs
or booze or as an after result?
John Valushi, 167, Jimmy Henry, 76, Elvis, 66, Chris Farley, 61,
and it's way down after that.
Tamarro Lennman, row 29, because we all know she was killed anyway.
Kurt Cobain, 19, Jim Morrison, who we put on late,
we apologize profusely, Jimmy might be listening now.
He's got 18.
Lenny Bruce 17, William Holden 17, Janice Staplan 14,
Jerry Garcia 13.
That Jerry Garcia is okay.
It's not their best flavor by a long shot, but it's okay.
I do, I really hate hogging now.
I'm so mad at them, I could just...
If there's one thing I cannot stand, unlike Kirstie Alley,
it's cookie dough.
Well, what is the big deal with cookie dough?
No idea.
In fact, the one person I remember who I worked with
who just loved cookie dough was Rick Riley,
and that's right up his alley, man.
That is his taste.
He is the definitive goi is Rick Riley.
I mean, cookie dough.
The ice cream is okay.
I mean, it's not bad.
It's not bad.
All hogging does ice cream is there is one word to describe it.
Okay?
Watery.
Real ice cream isn't watery.
Even if he put it in the microwave and nuke it for a little while,
like I do, to soften it up so it doesn't have to like, you know,
it's okay.
Turn it on your freezer a little bit.
You have to put it in your freezer.
Who the hell puts it in my freezer?
Are you dreaming, mister?
What?
I never get ice cream.
I never have it in the house long enough to put it in the freezer.
You must be on drugs, man.
Let's get some clear white dust going.
Bring this one to the floor and eat it all.
To put it in my freezer.
You fell.
Yeah, what are you thinking about?
You're crazy.
You're crazy.
Sorry.
It comes out of the bag.
I don't know if I can eat it or want to eat it.
It goes right into the microwave and that's it.
67 seconds for a pint.
I don't want to go into a court and be on that.
Oh, go ahead.
What?
67 seconds?
In the microwave.
You melt things like a lot.
No, it's not though.
That doesn't melt.
Because when you listen to me, when you buy it from the supermarket or convenience store,
most of the time it's really frozen very hard.
It's like a rock.
Yeah.
So I mean, you get it home.
It's softer already.
No, my places are very close by.
Believe me.
I run back to the house.
I race.
Especially if you're on the first side.
And just about.
In other words, you never took my ice cream and put it in the microwave
and you could do it a little bit to soften it up.
You've never done that?
No.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, my God.
You probably eat that dulce de leche stuff for other humans.
That is such swell.
That's good.
Have you ever had that trash?
No.
Don't.
Don't.
It's not good.
It's crap.
I remember when I started talking about fish food on a year and all our Cuban friends were calling.
Well, that's a good stuff.
I'll manage your special.
But I've told you that new dulce de leche, it's hot.
Oh, it's hot.
It's more watery.
It's crap.
Oh, man.
And even I'll see the Gordon Cow is embarrassed by that crap.
It's your life, baby.
It's more watery.
It's more like the plastic bag.
It's more like the plastic bag.
It's Friday, you first.
Hello, Jenny.
I just lost 15 pounds.
Just 75 to go.
Because the only thing I can always mean to call I.D.
Better, better, better.
But that advantage ring me down
And it went from routine
And it was idea
A cursed reality baby
When am I getting my desert?
Doing candy cray because you'll be in a row
I like to consider myself quite a little plum
But you're still pretty in your late writing shirt
And I'm just damn sexy in your triple ex-bake hope skirt
Actually not a hoops skirt
It's one scary sexy evening
I want to see what's it doing
And have a hidden TV show
Go, proceed, go
Satisfied, you betta-ing
All that rock would keep going
Go, proceed, go
Corridor
This is like a giant angel out through the snow
Go, proceed, go
You'll look crazy
Go, a room for you, we don't care how much you grow
Go, proceed, go
You'll take your big ass as guests go
Wreck them
You're still pretty girl and you got that all over sex
Oh yeah, she's about a sexy as a humongous flying melon
I take it one thing, the same people who voted for Eleanor Rosanna
Those are the ones who we'd all say dilatient
I'm telling you that right now
I just did an exhaustive study on it, I went online, I examined it
Did you try it?
I have tried it
Back in the day when he first called in there
And coming in a time when I was discussing Ben and Jerry's fish food
And to discuss Hagen does
Dulce de laitier, at the same time that I'm talking Ben and Jerry's fish food
In the same breath is like, it's blasphemy
It's like talking George W. Bush in the same breath with Franklin Roosevelt
I mean, it is absolutely unacceptable
Speaking of unacceptable, wait till you hear this about it
And then speaking about Bush and right wing lunatics
Austin, Texas, the Friday night lights in Texas could soon be with a bump in and grind in cheerleaders
Legislation filed by representative Alledwoods
Will put an end to sexually suggestive performances at athletic events
And other extra-correctular competitions
It's just too sexually oriented, you know, the way they're shaking their behinds
And going on, breaking it down, set it towards the 26-year veteran of the Texas House
And then when you say to them, don't get involved in sex unless it's marriage or love
It's dangerous out there and yet the teachers and directors are hoping to go through those kind of gyroscience
And he's getting all worked up about it evidently
Under Edward's rule, if a school district knowingly permits sexual performance
Frons from the state would be reduced and an amount to be determined by the Education Commissioner
I guess by the same number of dollars, X number of dollars per each shake, right?
Yeah
For every bump and grind
Edward said he filed a bill as a result of several instances of seeing such ribald performances in his district
J.M. Ferrius, owner of Austin Cheer Factory, said cheerleading officials would welcome the law
Cheering competition, he said penalized for suggestive movements or any vulgarity
Any coaches who are good wouldn't put that in their routines, he said
And most girls cheering on Friday nights were trained by professionals who know better, he said
I don't think this law would really shake the industry if all infected would give parents a better feeling
Mostly dads and boyfriends too, he said
Although cheerleading is must meet the same no-pass, no-play academic requirements of athletes
Cheerleading is not a competition strengthened by the University Inter-Skullisectly, the governing body of Texas High School of Sports
The UIL also does not have performance regulations for squads who cheer for the teams at state championships
I think it should have been cut out a long time ago Edward said it needs to be
Tone down, when it's out, tone it down, cut it out
Don't say the late game might ask, 5.670560, pound 5.60 under Verizon and Singular Robus lines
WQAM, hello
Welcome, Brian, we have a victory
WQAM, hello
Hey, I'm going to be happy for you
Yes, sir, okay
Hey, I always put my ice cream in the microwave, you have to get up for a couple seconds
It tastes better like that
Right, I know you like the heat bar, have you ever tried the heat bar ice cream with the shells?
The candy shell that you pour on it
Oh, no, that's not, it's being diabetic, that would put me into a coma
I could do that, even if I couldn't handle that
Hey, how about a poll about best ice cream?
Okay, vanilla is going to win, man
Come on
Hey, trust me, when I tell you, I'll bet many bells life on her right now without even thinking about it too long
I will have some of it when this weekend, man
Okay, so you have to work on it on Monday
Yeah, vanilla ice cream, any kind, you know
Am I right?
Any kind, go up vanilla ice cream?
Vanilla ice cream wins hands down, it is the most widely bought ice cream, not in America only, but in the world
In the world
And by the way, again, go back to the poll today, end of the musicians, any actors, no-one celebrities
Far transcending, because baseball, to be very honest, where they lost a lot since they last strike
Transcending baseball by a million miles, just like the NFL past it, like it was standing still for America's real past time in the favorite sport
The actors and movie stars, singers, all of these people, musicians, rock stars, these people are, many in the head and shoulders in terms of influence over young people than baseball players
Can we agree on that?
Is there any debate about that?
No
With kids?
With young people
They're talking about teenagers, high school baseball players with a steroids, high school kids, adolescents
Who do you think you're more into?
Musicians or baseball players, universally all around the world?
Yeah, musicians and other people
Okay
Not talking about little kids, I don't think we have too many little kids doing a steroids
Although, yeah, never land, never land, I understand some of them have them, I'm not really sure where they came from
W&Q-A-N, hello
I'm Detective John Kibble
W&Q-A-N, hello
I mean, I like to change the subject before I go
Yeah, I'll let you one, Reverend John, change the subject to what a jackass you are, we all know that already though, and have a wonderful weekend
W&Q-A-N, hello
Q-A-N
Yes, I'm a whole different young
Speaking
Nio
Uncle Nio, it's Mark Sallow, how are you, sir?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Nio, I just wanted to tell you how
As the old salad guy, just mentioned his name a couple of days ago, I wasn't trying to say hey we needed to dig you out of the woodwork somewhere in Mark Sallow with your challenge but
Oh, did you? You did mention my name, I love that name
I haven't been able to hear you as much as I used to.
Now why is that, Marthillo?
I've been busy, different schedule, I'm on the road more in the morning.
I haven't been able to catch up.
I just wanted to tell you, number one, biggest fan of Jose Concejo.
I adore him and I bought a blow up on.
I was finding the rest of the way.
Why is that?
Because he's full of crap or because you're taking it to Roy's, is that it?
No, I think he's something to do.
I want to see that they're talking about a pay-per-view,
or he goes under a light detector on pay-per-view.
So, Marthillo, ask you a question.
Wait, would you listen to me?
Because I know you're all whipped up into a frenzy.
You should must be on some kind of drugs.
Would you listen?
I'm only kidding.
Here is a man who peddled a book, who peddled a book, and goes in front of Congress yesterday,
and because he doesn't want to go back to the slammer for probation violation,
he says the book took two years to write and now he's changed his mind,
and you're singing his praises, you want to blow up on.
No, I'm only kidding, but I do think there is no way to talk about it.
No, I'm only kidding, but I do think there is some honesty,
behind some of that.
And there was only good thing about it is it'll clean up the sport,
even though I don't think steroids are all over.
Are you listening to this show?
Yes, sir.
He says what I'm hoping is that some more intelligent, forward-looking voices
will come out of an urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids
to fight for their place in the game and in our lives.
And your Kiss and Jose, what?
No, I agree with that.
I agree with that.
But as far as they're concerned...
You agree with what?
No, I agree with what?
I agree with that.
That the people in baseball ought to come out for steroids.
Well, no, but that the truth should be known.
Did you hear anything that I just got to...
Have you voted for a alien or Ross Layton?
Never.
Can't stand the best.
Yes, you have.
I can't stand the worst.
Have you ever had Hagen Daz dulce de laece ice cream?
Never.
Don't forget.
Yeah, I think you've had fish with them.
No, I think the fish with it, I swear to you.
But you better.
Yeah, that goes back about 10 years.
All right, call me again in 10 years Marcel, I'm not too soon.
Now, did you hear that?
Did you follow that?
I read him something very clear, very specific, and don't let the words confuse him, man.
America, the land of the dumb.
You're the stupidest.
You're the stupidest.
You're the stupidest.
And exclusively on 56 people, there's no reason.
Oh, what's the problem, officer?
The floor from the rear.
The floor from the rear.
The floor from the rear.
If you're God driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelts safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise.
Courving and fighting.
But the annoying few others.
So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law.
The law.
You better cover speaking of eating.
Yes.
I agree, Carter.
Tony Feetson.
Tony Feetson.
Oh, thanks again to Brad and Tony Feetson.
He is the heat of man.
He is just great.
He's our new hero.
I has been for a long time.
Always comes through for us.
Always feeds the whole entourage.
Never asks for anything.
Never comes in.
And like tries to get free plugs.
Never, you know, bugs that crap out of us.
Huh?
Good people.
They are great people.
They're right up there on 441 at 190th, is it?
Some like that.
What is it?
What is that?
It's a random box.
It's on your side of the box, there, of course.
On a box.
329 Northwest Check-in-App.
Thank you.
There you go.
Loris and Michael Jackson's child sexual is expected to argue whether
Juris should hear testimony from another accuser who claimed he was also
molested by the start age 13.
If I admitted the evidence of the 1993 case, which was never publicly heard, could
prove crucial that the troubled pop star has accused a fondling a now fifteen year old boy
two years ago.
And by the way, this is the AP version of the same story about the former
made Kiki for Nye.
Yeah, she's now having out with some stuff now.
Now, I remember earlier it said that most of the avoid that he got close to and invited
this thing or would be between 10 and 15.
She now says that Jackson picked some children over others to spend time with them all
boys aged between 10 and 13 and that number keeps going down just like the boys keeps going
down.
See what I'm saying?
No, what do you say?
Full of crap.
10 and 13.
Paula Abdul may be charged in Carmosat.
See, first we got a little Kim and Bobby Blake just got off and now we're going to have a
civil trial on his ass.
Prosecutors are considering whether to file criminal charges against Singer, Paula Abdul for
in-legs to run freeway accident last December.
Frank Madelhan, the city attorney spokesman in LA, said a Mercedes-Benz belonging to the American
Idol judge, jumped another car December 20th on the 101 freeway in the San Fernando Valley.
The driver apparently failed to look while changing lanes and didn't stop to exchange
information.
Nobody was hurting the accident and the driver and passenger in the truck cart took down
the Mercedes license plate number and photographed it with a cell phone camera.
The plate was traced to Abdul.
Abdul was out of the country yesterday.
He could not have been able to be reached for comments that her publicist Stephanie shared.
How do you like that?
Speaking of California, by the way, and again, we've said it a couple of times today but
you can never say it too much, especially for that one punk.
You know, that Marcelo thing?
That's typical.
Why does he have to lie?
I haven't heard from that guy since IOD.
He's out of the thing you ever called me on the station.
Ever.
And I made some...
Remember Josh, I made some comment the other day about Marcelo and the challenge from IOD?
Yeah.
And I'll let us send you calls and I said, oh you must have...
Oh, no, you talk about me?
Come on, buddy.
You hear that though, yeah.
Yeah, right.
You're so full of it, man.
You've got salads coming out of your ears.
You used to bring salads in to be healthy but there were the ones with all the marshmallows in there
that what do they call that stuff?
Bored, I know.
Yeah.
In a salad?
Yes.
Come on.
Okay.
The little marshmallows, the tiny ones, they have a name for that.
And it's all...
It's like pure sugar, the whole thing.
It's like, you know, diabetic's nightmare.
So thanks a lot Marcelo, but we'll see you tomorrow.
I mean, that conversation, that and Iliana Rosetta, then they've been amazed all these years I've been on the year and this time.
Right there.
Now, getting back to California.
Our Californians rated to pay $3 a gallon for gas.
Some already are.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The 76 Union Station on Pacifico's Highway in Malibu is doing risk business despite self-serve pumps selling regular unloaded at $3.5 a gallon and supreme unloaded at $3.15.
I think what they mean is premium, supreme unloaded, well, whatever.
From Malibu residents who don't want to step out of their luxury cars, in other words, full-serve, which has...
Does anybody even do full-serve anymore unless you're like a real idiot?
No.
No.
But those who want it, full-serve pumps are selling fuel at $3.33 for regular and for high-test $3.38.
Thank you, Mr. President, for $3.38 gasoline for those low gas prices.
Thank you so much, Mr. President.
You're fair, Rick.
Yeah.
You're about to go vet.
Huh?
You're about to go vet.
What about it?
That's why I'm over there.
That's why I don't drive it all that much because I can't afford to put any gas in it.
I'm telling you, it's in pristine condition, man.
It's in pristine condition.
Have you ever need anybody to drive it around?
No, no.
Who's your all-time favorite celebrity?
Now, you haven't seen my red one, the new, the 2005, the red one?
The Keyless Entry.
Yeah.
Cool.
Not a night-year regular Corvette red, but like a new red that came out with, like metallic red.
Oh, man.
Or you got a red one.
Keyless Entry.
Keyless Entry, as long as you have the key like in your pocket, the door opens, you sit down.
No key, no ignition.
Very nice.
You press a button that starts up.
When you get to where you're going, you press another button and the engine shuts off.
When you walk out with a key in your pocket, automatically you get a few feet away from it, the door's locked.
How do you like that?
Nice.
It's for lazy slabs like me.
Anyway, you're all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs and or booze, and we are not going to have any congressional hearings about this.
And the reason I'm doing the poll again today, if you tune in later, is because these baseball hearings yesterday,
one of the most embarrassing episodes in the history of the United States Congress of which there are so many,
and now we got the Terry Shive O thing today.
It just never ends.
Important business, they just can't seem to get done to take care of really important issues, to take care of people.
Can't do it.
But they're going to protect all these kids from steroids.
Yeah, your mama, who you can.
John Belushi, 183.
Nobody's going to come close to Belushi, man.
Not even close.
Jimmy Henry's 85, Chris Farley's 71, 1171.
Maryland, Maryland, 29.
It's way down to Maryland.
They killed her.
The Kennedy's killed her.
Jim Morrison, 22, Kurt Cobain, 21.
Bill Holden, 19.
John Bottom, 18.
Lenny Bruce, 17.
Janice Joplin, 16.
Andy.
Oh, Andy Garcia, that's what we're thinking.
Oh, sorry.
Jira Garcia, 15.
You like Andy Garcia?
Yes.
Like I said, sorry.
Yeah, you and George.
It's a Cuban thing.
It was Cubans.
Old dirty's got 12.
See, it's a good thing I played that fit.
We got old dirty moving up.
River Athenus has got, where is he?
He's got 11, 2D girl and 11.
Charlie Parker, 10.
Everybody else single digits.
Even said this is only a nine.
5.6705, 60, 0.560, 60 on the Verizon,
singular wireless line.
More Howard David at the new star of sports in the US said,
what does that never?
Whatever it is.
More will be along the tune in, Matt Dogg, from Publix at 601 South
Andrews, 704, Lottardale, 47, Curtis, 7010, and the K10.
That's it.
No games today.
Now what's the story on CBS?
I'm sure they've already got some of those games on.
You think?
Yeah, I thought I'd know.
Oh.
For yourself with a great tasting less filling, Miller Light.
Oh, sorry, they're in commercial break.
The hardest thing Ohio right now.
Oh, strong.
On the floor.
And it is out of bounds.
Touch last mile.
Ohio.
The game is ahead 16.
It's been a while.
First, we have to wrap up the Marin and take it to the day of
Pacific State.
The ability to convert, that's why zone is a dangerous weapon
against Florida.
Where do they find these guys?
He sounded a little like that to St. Patrick.
Right.
A little dig by tell on heavy green booze.
I don't know if I go for it.
Is that the only game that's on?
No, there's got to be some other game because that's in a
Kour's light spot right now.
There's a bunch of games going on, but the only game, you know,
in our sports station, we get one game.
That's it?
That's right.
I got games up the old yin-ing here, man.
Well, you got all the games all over the place.
I got Gulfgerman Aqueduct racing going on.
I don't know if they know Zade.
Those are dangerous.
This guy and others can be.
We have to step there.
Is looking for a cutter?
Yeah, cut this.
How many QA and hello?
Does this meal?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I just, uh, yesterday I saw that Iliana Rock-Latin is
inclined for the chairperson on the, uh,
House International Relations Committee.
Oh, my God.
And I've been to the website and she's in charge.
That's why the Middle East, their international relations.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense to me.
Now, when was Cuba in the Middle East?
Did they?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But the only thing is, is now we can answer what the problem in the Middle East,
Iliana Rock-Latin.
It's her.
If you ask what the problem is with anything, it's her.
If you have bad diarrhea, man, she caused it.
Yeah, but yesterday was their day.
It was St. Patrick's Day to Green Tea's Day, I think.
You know, I forgot about that.
That's right.
I forgot that.
Okay, Palli.
All right.
Good luck to us.
Iliana Rosanna-Danna, baby.
You notice nobody wants to touch her with a 10-foot pole after that performance yesterday.
It was Cuba!
Cuba!
Cuba, fit down!
Yeah.
Five minutes of rambling on, like a, like an autobiography.
And how much she loves raffi and sanny and Jose, you better go down there and talk to them kids at Coral Park High.
And I went to school up to street and everybody hates me like poison and I'm a bubble head and Gilder Ragnar's rolling over in her grave.
You're listening to Neil Lowe, which he had with Dio with the deaf on five and so does him.
Oh, God!
Then the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I don't know, my little robot.
I don't know, I don't know.
I'm Rosanna-Danna, like that that I'm here to say.
Based only on my Hispanic, sounding name I'll be in office for life and owe it all to you.
The foolish constituent side, thunder to you.
You're a former tiny little island.
That's maybe 20 feet wide, y-y-y-y.
No one else can buy your wine.
Outside the day, county mind.
I'm a Cuban, I can be when it's a city and for me to be as bad as.
It's great, but promoting community time for the media camera.
And the professional media, Calamere, not my sweet like Daniel Xavier.
For your meeting with causes and your habo, the end of your time.
You're fair, right?
Well, 47 at 5.60 W.C.
It's very timely that you sent me this note here by Joe Castelloping in town and says hi.
Is he there?
No, he's not here.
Oh, well, who sent this?
I did.
He's got like here in person.
Oh, I see.
Hi, Joe.
The reason I say that is because Joe does his auto racing show on XM.
Right.
And at one point, we discussed, he brought it up.
He called me and, well, you know, XM needs some programming out of you.
But it looks like right now because I just got an email from a certain norma
and it looks like we're going to get serious maybe.
Good.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
What you're excited about it.
Don't sound like all too psyched and whipped up into a frenzy.
Okay, good.
You know what I mean?
You know, Joe, you need to do something.
You've been hanging around with Dave Ann Boring to it on, you know?
That's the problem.
Plus that lady like your body, that lilac body wash your shower and without any.
I lack.
Lilac, you know what you said?
No.
Oh, you said it smells like lilac or something like that.
Just wash it off.
Okay.
Wash it off and assault too when you'll just be fine as wine.
Oh, speaking of that, wait, wait, wait.
See, this is America for you.
Oh, we got 12 minutes into the day.
Remove the tube or not.
We'll be right on top of that, baby.
We'll be all over it like stink on Maddie Bell.
Guess who's getting wedding proposals?
Scott Peterson.
Of course.
On Scott Peterson's first day on Death Road, two women called San California San Quentin State
Prison to say they were interested in mirroring him.
Police spokesman Vernellie Cretanden said about three dozen women called San Quentin with
a message in support for the prison's newest bachelor convicted and sentenced to die for
the murder of his pregnant wife, Lacey.
Two of them actually indicated to our staff their purpose for calling was marriage.
Yet it's not unusual for a night to get married while on death row.
Peterson wearing orange prison scrubs and shackles arrived at the notorious prison about 4 a.m.
Beneath his young study was wearing a bulletproof vest because of security concerns.
It was removed once inside the compound.
Cretanden said that his Peterson was placed into his 41 square foot cell.
He sat on his bucket and stared at the wall.
Scott, I guess you want to lay down, taking that note, officer said, he responded,
man, I'm just too jazzed to even think about sleeping.
He's jazzed.
And with that, the cells middle door locked shut and the prison staff walked away.
Oh my god.
And I was in the van.
One of the guards turned around and yelled, you fairy.
And I was in.
I didn't like that.
Two marriage proposals on the first hour that he's in the slammer.
And you think they're on a lot of really sick, but and you wonder why Bonnie Lee
bakedly got her a side.
You wonder why he had a comment.
I don't care what anybody says.
It's one of the few things I agree with George wholeheartedly on.
The bitch had a comment.
And he knows about, you know, that kind of thing.
Does he?
That's right here.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, I knew you had a good afternoon.
Good afternoon, amigo.
Listen, Scott.
We've been moving.
A seven o'clock today, Iliana Roselet and Nicole, the three human, so-called Q-honestations
in the night.
Oh, my God.
OK, to give a report of what happened.
Like, I mean, she worked for free.
You know, the three stations have two reporters in Washington, Bill Lick and Diablo and
Herd.
And she said this and I'm quoting almost the most free, like the most important part of
what happened yesterday is when Rafaelito, Rafaelito Mim Palmeiro said that he will not
play in Cuba.
What costume is there?
I have those mirrors.
OK, that's what the most important scene of the whole thing.
Oh, yeah.
Isn't that what the whole hearing was about just to make sure to get a few shots of
the hell in there?
I thought that's what it was all about.
Oh, my God.
I knew it.
I think she would pander or anything like that.
But at three stations between seven and seven thirty days of money, can you know how
amigos like that?
And you'll notice there's now one person in this town who will call in this show and admit
they've ever voted for her.
Oh, my God.
She is in my district, by the way.
Yeah.
And you never voted for her.
Me.
I will vote for King Kong if it runs against her.
She is embarrassing.
She is a shame.
And if one issue person, nothing else.
She hasn't done anything for that drifted in 12 years that she's been in Congress.
By the way, have you watched Bach's Sheet for Ins�ive?
Now, I'm all done with him.
I watched him two nights and when he said, OK, that was the end.
That was the end.
Thank you very much.
OK, don't keep that.
No, never watch CBS.
There was a bomb.
Sheifers, the anti-quest man.
We are thinking the same.
OK, doke.
He's a little too hokey.
I'll send him to OK, finokie to the swamp.
OK, doke.
I still have ego, amigo.
And don't forget.
OK, doke.
See it.
OK, doke, doke.
Rubber, doke.
Bob, shefer, my ass.
What?
Bob, I'm telling you, CBS has got the CBS eye is crying like Alice in Wonderland.
Man, it's just pouring out the tears.
They're going to drown the sea of their own tears.
You're like this story from Buffalo.
There's not too much to like about Buffalo.
I guarantee you that.
They've ever been in Buffalo?
Never.
Josh?
No, not me.
Don't do it.
I won't.
A toilet.
No, you don't.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
What do you mean you know I'm talking about?
The T.P.
The what?
Oh, I wonder where you see that story.
Ah, I have faith.
Yeah, right.
Read them on our website.
No, actually.
The Buffalo area's county budget crisis is taking a toll on the bathrooms at least one
public building in Buffalo.
Erie County has had to slash 2,000 jobs and cut back on services in order to close more
than a hundred million dollar budget shortfall.
In the wrath building in downtown Buffalo, workers report that the bathrooms aren't being
cleaned or maintained.
One long time worker in the building tells Buffalo's WGRZ TV that there's no soap, no paper
towels or toilet paper in the restrooms.
It's big in the WGRZ.
Is that the CBS affiliate I wonder?
Let me take a look.
No, that's WVIVB.
There's WGRZ right now.
They got family feud.
How much money do the person give in church each week?
You said $50.
About $3, man.
I want a great church.
No.
Survey said.
Not too good.
Anyway, that's WGRZ.
You're not amazing.
How could anybody else in the world do that?
Just pop it right on there.
The wrath building is up in many county offices, including the county executive, Joel
Gianbra, the department of social services and health department.
Here's the upshot of this story, which I nearly got sidetracked because of you.
It's so bad.
Some county employees are bringing in their own toilet paper and other supplies.
The workers told WGRZ.
It's like working in another country.
A bad country.
And that is Buffalo.
I arrest my case.
Oh, with all due apologies to fat boy and woodie-graver, man.
That is this.
That's Buffalo.
A turlitt.
$56.705, $60.506.00 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Why is George so afraid?
WQIM.
Hello.
Any of you?
Pretty good.
I had a little radio access other day when you were doing a hall of fame poll.
And I was over there at $7.90.
Yeah.
How come I can't hear this guy?
Is your phone crap out?
Hello.
Yeah, yeah.
I lost you.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Anyways, I flipped over there real quick.
And this guy comes on with OJ McDuffie.
And he goes, you know, that ginger Rogers at $5.60.
So all you guys are terrible except for Joe Rose.
And OJ McDuffie didn't say anything.
And then they call her goes, you know, I'm the worst chronic on QIM.
I'm the Shamba guy.
Oh.
So that's the best news in the years.
We can ship him over there, man.
I'm going to have a minute, please.
I mean, not only is he a circle,
it's your Julio Sagicronic.
He's a poor.
He's not.
No, whatever.
But you get the point.
I mean, he's harassing those guys.
He's not pranking you, man.
What do I tell you?
I've told you that a million times the chronic,
they don't have any loyalty.
Anybody that will put them on and feed their egos and then try to give them some semblance of a life,
they'll go anywhere that somebody will listen to them and put them on for five seconds or more.
It's tragic.
And it's been closing.
Who are?
Okay.
Good choice.
In fact, I'm not sure which and then I'll be the poll one day.
What's the best line by El Patino, either.
Cuba.
Right.
Or you ferry.
You're a single.
The little Rogers.
Yes.
Oh,
you're a.
On five sixty.
A.M.
Yeah.
Yeah, there goes the audio of all that was that.
Yeah, that was that.
See, I was having problems all day.
Oh, no, I just died.
It was at the last spot in the break.
Yes, it was.
I'll be there.
Well, it's maybe it's a good thing that it died because Terry Shibos tube will not be removed.
Oh,
Pinellas County judge.
I should a restraining order and they will not be removing the tube as we speak.
I like that.
So I can't miss a chance to like break some hot news.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
A long, long time ago.
It was nineteen hundred.
Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store.
Just ended the Spanish American war.
So they ported like it was eighteen ninety nine.
The war events that made you shiver.
But there were times we did deliver a promise that was kept.
With that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent.
A century we were present.
This is how it went.
My, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we'd
tried for the century.
It's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put in their way into light.
And the start of radio.
Signified had his month to think and want to theory and explain.
And the Titanic that story we all know.
Well, World War I it soon began with shooting arch two princess herding and millions died from the flu.
And last thing it was brand new.
And then Russia had each revolution.
And a fire connected both the oceans.
The novelies we won't see again.
A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we'd
tried for the century.
It's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
And that his, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And the, that's his, that's him.
And the, that's him.
And his, that's him.
And it's she, she's he's not that loud.
Already he's, anyway.
Finding a heaven made I write an Old Testament.
Franklin Winston, they were soon to be winning, starting with the D-Day invasion, but at what an appalling cost!
In Russia no one did the frost, and Germany they finally lost, discovered the horrors of the Holocaust!
Batman little boy and old a gay, changed the whole world on that very day, we know had just begun, and tried to move by the sea tongue!
The first player in baseball that was black, if we all got their homeland back, Massachusetts selected Jack Gohan, who could he have gone by?
And we were singing my, my how they decided to fly, since it started Sunday, upon it many tears we'd decry, for the century it's time that we say goodbye, and all happened in a blink of an eye!
100 years have gone by, separate for equal means such a fuss, a grossitude died when on the bus, holy oh cured with a vaccine!
In Russia, scared us big time, with spot-knick, our troops in two who re-a-quick, discovered the double-killix scheme!
Oh, a J-F-K left us way too soon, but promised to get us all to the moon, you re-is first in space, yet the pill we did embrace, and the French said, be-quined to the night, cubus-n-is-all gave us quite a fright,
Southeast Asia is on new fight, a hundred years gone by, and we were singing my, my how they used to fly, since it started Sunday, upon it many tears we'd decry, for the century it's time that we say goodbye, and all happened in a blink of an eye!
100 years have gone by, Niels Geistep was the big news, Roe Burstway gave women right to choose, Nixon resigns about water gates, got the troops out of Vietnam, had hostages taken by Iran, and a virus!
Made us too scared to go day-to-day!
A test to baby's health aloft, some guy named Bill started Microsoft, Chernobyl explosion, the Berlin Wall gets broken, the US's R says goodbye, some students in China they did try,
seven died in the Florida sky, a hundred years gone by, and they were singing my, my how they used to fly, since it started Sunday, upon it many tears we'd decry, for the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in a blink of an eye!
100 years have gone by, we were singing my, my how they used to fly, since it started Sunday, upon it many tears we'd decry, for the century it's time that we say goodbye, cause 100 years have gone by!
Well, don't get a chance to play that, but I figured it's really long, you'd be chance to get all the stuff straightened out there, or not, I was just gonna say that was really long, yeah hopefully it works, it's looking good at the moment, do I want to try that, let's not do it, I don't want to, here's the Terry Shivodeal,
this was getting of a very pain, the eye holly, I'll come back, here's Tom Delay in a bunch of mugwumps, okay, a state judge today temporarily blocked a removal of the feeding tube that keeps severely brain damaged, Terry Shivode alive, as legal wrangling continued,
and then the average fact congressional Republican staff were testified in Washington, he's gonna go up there and say, yeah, which would be a lot better than testimony they didn't heard on the Roads yesterday, I guarantee you that, whatever she has to say or make a sound, it's gonna be a lot more useful and meaningful than whatever was said yesterday, very true,
Penelope, Penelope Circuit Court Judge David Demers ordered that the feeding tube remain in place past 1 p.m. devil, which of course it already is now, while fellow judge, a George Greer who is presiding over the Shivode case deals with conflicting legal issues, the Senate Health Committee has requested that Terry Shivodeal and her husband Michael appear at an official committee here in March 28th, earlier today, a House Committee was issuing congressional subpoenas to stop doctors from disconnecting the feeding tube that keeps her alive, don't you see our fat ass governor's fine hand in the middle of all of this?
The hospice where Terry Shivodeal has received a subpoena late this morning, spokesman, the woman Louise Cleary said, officials they did not disclose the next steps. At this time, we are monitoring developments and consulting with legal ethical advisors to determine what to do, she said.
The Senate's committee hearing to be held March 25th at the hospice here on Capitol Hill on the Senate side, meanwhile, an invitation for Terry Shivodeal and her husband to appear at the board.
I just got to her saying that I'd rather hear the occurrence of.
The House Committee has received a subpoena late this morning, which is a very important issue.
The House Committee has received a subpoena late this morning, which is a very important issue.
I think it's important. I stopped that last spot that was cut off in this bridge.
When I sure make it a very long break, and especially on a heels of an eight minute bit, which is the longest one we have either, I do believe.
That's almost like blasphemy.
When you're paying Josh Cordis, they're kind of money to pay him, they're not doing it to do these kind of lives, extended copouts.
Right, and it's a very bit, it's pretty long to it, isn't it? Not even close.
The one that we can't play anymore, of course.
Of course, that's just about any of them. It's like 95%.
That's 425, man. This bit is 8-something.
8 minutes and 19 seconds. How do you like that? I like it a lot. That's good. See if it was bad in just a time killer, that would be bad.
Hey, here's something that's good. Fritz and Franz Beerhouse and the Gables bringing the very install fund back to South Florida.
Why not combine say, good and tag, and sample some of the most delicious German, but very inquisitive, anywhere outside Northeastern Europe?
Schnitzel brought where a salad's in strut, all in that atmosphere that would make the Von Trapp family proud, and don't forget to worst down our leader boots.
It's enough to get you into your leader hosting, to get you into your leader hosting, and not is what it says.
I'm in a knot. Fritz and Franz isn't only making the hells come alive with a sound of music.
It's turning coral nibbles into a very, very little Frankfurt, because it Fritz and Franz, it's October fest every single day.
You'll find them at 60 Merrick Wages to Block West of Miracle Mile. It's the ideal meeting place for those of you who would like to march to the beat of a different tuba.
So call 305-774-1883 for directions that monthly worst down our beer festival information, and be sure and tell them that old, brought-wrestlever needle since you're by.
That's 305-774-1883 for Fritz and Franz Beerhouse, not your ordinary Oompa place.
It's a piece of meal, Roger's exclusive money. 5.62 million.
Why the, you bastard!
From the producers of American Idol.
Comes a heart-borne collection of favorites, interpreted by America's sweetheart, Jerry Shival.
You're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you
don't want to say. Look how she's smiling.
Yes, it's Terry Shival, live from room 214.
The other exploitation available now from the sub-legint rest.
Good job, Terry.
Florida 36, Ohio 28th and 1,000 meters.
You ready?
Yes.
Now, why is that?
You got a big bet on it?
Yep.
Me too.
You're generous.
On the hit ABC show Desperate Housewives, speaking to the generous, she can destroy his marriages
because spouses lie and give cut.
But we found couples who say they found a way to enjoy the company with others.
Without the deceptions as ABC News, it's called the lifestyle or swinging.
And a racemate where couples have sex with other couples and there's no secrecy.
Brian and Old Gut Depp and Brock got married four years ago.
Now they run a business together and after work they like to go to a club in Fort Lauderdale called Trappies.
It's like other night clubs with the dance floor buffet and bar.
But it's not like other clubs because in the back there's a locker room where couples can get on dress.
And if they want, have sex in different bedrooms with other couples or watch each other in hot tubs.
It's called Swinging or the Lifestyle.
The way they write this, like this is some kind of a revelation like a new and exciting.
Yeah, like who's ever heard of it before?
Right.
Isn't it immoral, it says?
Four couples I talk with said no, it's a good thing.
What we do is not illegal and I don't believe it's immoral Brian Depp and Brock said.
Crystal participates in lifestyle with his wife Lavon said, I don't want to be 85 years old looking back on my life like,
man, I didn't have enough sex in my life.
Another Swinging couple Bob and Tess thought were colored sweethearts.
Most of the couples we talked to didn't want their last names used.
They've been married 18 years and five years into the marriage decided to try the lifestyle.
Tess was the first woman I ever kissed in my whole life so you have to have an innate curiosity of how would another woman feel?
I no longer have that curiosity Bob said.
Swinging was Tess's idea.
She heard about her from a girlfriend and was intrigued.
She figured their relationship was strong enough to get a swinging and try.
You have to be completely open and honest with each other.
She said, won't they look back at their lives until they ruled the intimacy they had with each other by having sex with all these other people?
Oh, wait on it.
Who cares?
Are we caring now?
No.
Let's get the most important story of the day and of the weekend of the century.
Cuban President Fidel Castro has criticized Forbes magazine for the infamy of listing him among the world's richest people with the net worth of 550 million bucks.
Trump change.
But third man.
Once again, they have committed the infamy of speaking about Castro's fortune, placing me almost above the quaint of England he said in the speech to top officials of Cuba's ruling Communist Party military and Poles.
They communist this.
Do they think I'm former Zairean President Mabutu or one of those many millionaires?
Those thieves and plunders that the empire has suckled and protected he said in reference to his capitalist arts enemy, the U.S.
What they should be doing is looking for the money of all those people he said.
Castro's 78 in the power since 59, city was considered suing.
So second straight year he's appeared on the Forbes list last year the magazine put his worth at 150 million.
So that means he made 400 million last year even I didn't do that.
That's pretty good.
You were close.
On Tuesday Forbes published a story on the fortunes of the world's richest rulers and had the state including Castro, Britain's queen Elizabeth.
And the Sultan of Brunei say number of examples of capitalism did not qualify for the world's billionaires list.
The weekly financial magazine said that valuing these treasures can be tricky.
And the past we've had to rely on a percentage of Cuba's gross domestic product to make Pidel's fortunes they said this year,
we use more traditional valuation methods comparing state-owned assets Castro has assumed to control what's comparable public-created companies and a partridge in poetry and nobody cares about that either.
I'll tell you one thing they definitely do not care about and that's the Roids.
Don't forget on Monday even when we got the weekend come up Monday to rip Hank and ask when we have our crossover.
He's the one that caught me in a watch in that crap yesterday and if I wouldn't have done that I wouldn't have opened up the Jose book again.
I wouldn't have talked about it and believed you me.
This audience doesn't give a fly and leap about those hearings about Jose Conzucco, about Mark, let's not talk about yesterday McGuire any of them.
No they don't.
They absolutely do not.
I'll bet you your life on it right now.
Do you think they really care all that much about it Josh?
I don't but hey, I would answer questions.
Don't waffle now. Don't wait for a signal from your boyfriend over there.
I want an honest answer right now.
The public.
I think they might.
They do.
I think they do.
So wish he was you.
No wonder you even working with that Dave Ann Boying too long.
And now with that Rossi Bernstein there's got only nose.
Between the two of that, between those two man, you're going to be using cashmereable K-body watch pretty soon.
Lilox, daffodils and pansies.
You fairies.
See?
I'd lay off of that stuff real quick.
Not good for your image.
Okay.
I don't think people care.
I really don't.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I mean, it did kill some good time.
Q-A-M.
Oh, I was just showing.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Towns and yellow.
They're good baby.
They're really good.
Yeah.
I am good at that one on hold.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey Neil.
You're absolutely correct sir.
I don't give a damn about those hearings.
Your audience does not care.
And those guys are wrong if they think that they do.
Yeah, I should never brought that up today.
It's thanks fall.
I'm going to blame him on Monday.
Not only that, but when I find out that he's buddies with Pete Rose,
I'm going to have to take another look at the Humper.
Yeah, well, these guys are sitting there with you.
Are not with you, but down here in Florida.
They're wrong.
They didn't.
They're wishy watchy.
They don't want to take a stand, man.
They don't want to say the unpopular thing.
The public doesn't care about stare-eye fact.
The public generally speaking, they'll care about baseball.
Period.
Much less outroins.
baseball balls.
Yeah, very football.
Thank you.
How about you football?
You see, hockey?
Better than baseball.
I thought we were going to get ourselves out of that hole
that I dug for myself.
If they put these dole ends on CNN again,
I will personally go to Atlanta and knock their tower
right off the ground with one finger.
The dole ends.
That's how desperate they are.
I'd rather see Johnny Dole in on there,
and I'd rather croak them, see him again.
I think what's more shallow called the day
that was a kiss it is for us.
The minute you weigh in, hello.
Go to my clothes, act.
WQA Am, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
This is George Beacon from both of his home Florida.
From both of his home Florida, I know what that is.
From both of his home Florida, that's right.
I totally agree with you.
These overpaid baseball players don't deserve one minute
of my time, where they take steroids.
They don't take steroids.
It totally doesn't affect my life at all.
Yeah, why the hell should we care?
Absolutely.
Why the hell should we care?
You're a tax money when hearings about who's doing
with Roids.
Yeah, who cares?
Let them in the war.
Let them get some prep age and leave the rest of us alone.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Good call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean you could feel the whole thing sag once I started talking
about this.
You can feel it.
When you've done this for 8 million years, you know they just
don't care.
I wouldn't have watched that crap yesterday if Hank wouldn't have
begged me and pleaded you've got to watch it.
I know you.
I don't care about baseball, Humper.
It was one of those things though that once you started
watching it, you couldn't turn it off.
Not because it was so captivating, but because it was
so bad.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I mean the questions were terrible and the answers were like
a mumble.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I had to keep going up and down the panel.
So all four about I don't know.
I got to know a opinion on that.
I'm here to talk about the future not yesterday.
I'm Mark McGuire, seriously.
I would have loved to have consic what it's taking to baseball
bat and just slugged him right in the hand with it.
It would not have been great.
Give a standing ovation.
And then go back to Ileana.
5, 6, 7, 8.
See what I mean?
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
I'm here to have a good morning.
He will be the first to clear a dirty table
and claim the title of Iron Bus Boy.
I am ready.
I am ready.
I am ready.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nobody keeps clear the hopsc tipos yet to clear a single plate.
And he keeps looking to him and while people get out
He keeps treating me.
Mr. Kozami is going to steal my Theme Y horn.
Mr. Kozami takes out this guitar
for more weather.
Mr. Oofboi Taking advantage of this guitar
of this guitar
to give it to you, it can take a book when I come back to town, just because if I give
it to you, then it won't happen anymore and I won't be able to read any of it on the
air.
Right.
No, no, I thought that the stuff that I read, especially after what he said yesterday and
totally sold out, I thought that that was enough to make anybody like do summer salt
cartwheels, just want to pee in their pants.
Nothing.
Zippity do die, you know?
And then of course, Marcheolo calls you and I read something to try to like reason with
him like, yeah, I like to have that.
I mean, you better move that, you know, you know, you know, I could have been talking
in swath, he knew to him, he had no idea what I was saying.
But I'm going to read something else, fight him again, and of course, you're going to
be there all Monday to Thursday next week too, record judges on vacation.
I don't know.
Leave what you mean you don't know.
I don't have them told.
Nope.
Well, whatever, okay, whatever it is, Kacer Rosseroff, you're there, you're there and if
not, you and Josh's mom can go out for a cup of coffee.
Absolutely.
And see what you can do to straighten him out.
Greg Polass to write for BBC News, writes and I am going to read this in spite of it.
In fact, maybe he won't be there Monday through Thursday because I'll read too much.
Sorry.
Greg Polass writes, the Bush administration made plans for war and for Iraq's oil before
the 9-11 attacks, sparking a policy battle between Neocons and big oil.
BBC's News Night has revealed two years ago today when President Bush announced U.S.
British and allied forces would begin to bomb Baghdad.
Protesters claimed the U.S. had a secret plan for Iraq's oil.
One side of them had been conquered.
In fact, there were two conflicting plans sitting off a hidden policy war between
Neoconservatives at the Pentagon on one side versus a combination of big oil executives
and U.S. State Department pragmatists.
Big oil appears to have won.
The latest plan obtained by News Night from U.S. State Department was we learned, drafted
with the help of American oil industry consultants.
Insiders told News Night that timing began within weeks of Bush's first taking office
in 2001, long before the 9-11 attacks on the U.S.
And Iraqi-born oil industry consultant Fala Al Jiberi said he took part in the secret meetings
in California, Washington and the Middle East.
He described the State Department plan for a forced coup d'état.
Mr. Al Jiberi himself told News Night that he interviewed potential successors to
Sodom Hussein on behalf of the Bush administration.
The industry-favored plan was pushed aside by a secret plan drafted just before the invasion
in 2003, which called for the sell-off of all of Iraq's oil fields.
The new plan was crafted by Neocons intent on using Iraq's oil to destroy the OPEC
cartel through massive increases in production above OPEC quotas.
The sell-off was given the green light and the secret meeting in London headed by Ahmed
Chalabee, shortly after the U.S. entered Baghdad, according to Robert Ewell.
Mr. Ewell, former Energy and CIA oil analyst, now a fellow at the Center for Strategic and
International Studies in Washington, told News Night that he flew to the London meeting
at the request of the State Department.
Mr. Al Jiberi once Robert Reagan's back channel to Sodom claims that the plan to sell-off
Iraq's oil, pushed by the U.S.
installed governing council in 2003, helped instigate the insurgency in attacks on U.S.
and British occupying forces.
Insurgents use this saying, look, you're losing your country, you're losing your resources
to a bunch of wealthy billionaires who want to take you over and make your life miserable.
So Mr. Al Jiberi from his home near San Francisco, we saw an increase in the bombing of oil facilities,
pipelines built on the premise that privatization is coming.
Philip Carroll, the former CEO of Shell Oil USA, who took control of Iraq's oil production
for the U.S. government, a month after the invasion, stalled the sell-off scheme.
Mr. Carroll told us he made it clear to Paul Bremmer, the U.S. occupation chief arrived
in Iraq May 2003 that there was to be no privatization of Iraqi oil resources or facilities
while I was involved.
Ariel Cohen of the Neocon Heritage Foundation,
oh, told NewsNight that an opportunity had been Mr. privatized of Iraq's oil fields,
he advocated that the plan is a means to help the U.S. defeat OPEC,
and he said America should have gone ahead with what he called a no-brainer decision.
Mr. Carroll hit back telling NewsNight, I would agree with that statement.
The privatized would be a no-brainer.
It would only be thought about by somebody with no brain.
New plans obtained by the State Department, by NewsNight and Harper's Magazine of the U.S.
Freedom of Information Act, called for creation of a state-owned oil company
favored by the U.S. oil industry.
It was completed in January 2004 under the guidance of Amy Jaffe of the James Baker Institute
in Texas, formerly U.S. Secretary of State, of course.
Mr. Baker is now an attorney representing Exxon Mobile and the Saudi Arabian government.
Oh, my God.
Oh, sorry for reading that, Miguel.
Okay. We already know they're all a bunch of crooks.
So what do we care about more about the crooks or about the steroids or about those
NCAA hoops? What do we care about?
What do we care about?
Now, we don't care about hoops.
I get the poops from the hoops.
Give me a break.
They've got too many games out all at one time.
They're like 75 games.
I'm gonna say, it's so boring that they got golf on one of these channels.
Look at that.
Chicago, where the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee opened up a five-point lead.
Thanks to it, McCance, three ball.
And we'll be out there.
With this three ball, one ball, we don't care.
How do you like that?
What's this game on here?
Beyond Williams.
This is the first two circuit bracket games.
There's a few better in Nashville.
But it's the next goal of the odd second game.
But this is Florida on Ohio again.
We just started the second half.
Okay, I'm sure you're watching that.
You're not listening to West.
That's one of the reasons that we're a little bit down today.
It's got nothing to do with what I was talking about the steroids.
See, you give me some bad information.
That's nothing to do with that.
They're all watching the Avaskaball.
They're college hoops, baby.
Gators, Gators, Gators.
They don't have time for us when we got the Gators, right?
March madness.
When they're watching the Gators,
they show us multators.
That.
And sort out where the Satina fits into the process.
So the seven ball, now, they're still
being analyzed.
Beating tube will not be removed
until further order of the court.
Final question, Jeffrey.
Could Michael Shiveaux just say,
all right, that's it.
Forget it.
I don't want to argue about this anymore.
Here you go, mom and dad.
Good.
Go over, do whatever you want.
I'm out of this.
And then this whole thing could just completely go away.
Well, yes, he certainly could.
And that would be the end of the legal process.
And she could live on apparently for many.
And this would go away for many more years.
Michael Shiveaux, for better or worse,
and people can pick up their own minds about that,
has said, look, I am doing what Terry wanted.
And, you know, this is her wishes.
I am her spokesman on on.
Well, I'll tell you what, the president
better intercede personal.
I hope his fat ass brother calls him on a phone
says you better get your nose in the middle of this,
because otherwise, they're going to take out that tube.
WQA and hello.
Could you pick up eating tube anymore?
WQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil, get a styrofoam for you for Ken Maldon.
Yeah.
Girlfriend is under the age of 100 is a waitress.
OK, good.
That's good.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, thanks for reading that article from the BBC.
I like that.
Can you actually listen to it, huh?
I would.
I would.
I'm a little bit more old if I had to have that on agenda.
No, no, no, no.
That's where you can really find out what's going on in the world.
Like, now, the reason I call was, you know, it's crazy how
OJ can be out playing golf and Robert Blake's
going to drive through the desert and go get a cocktail.
But that really crazy, scary lady, Martha Stewart,
she's on house arrest with an ankle bracelet.
Right.
We're not to worry about her out there.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Well, if she gets out of the house,
she might start passing out some of those poison cookies.
You know, she could be dangerous.
Yeah.
All right, Neil, thanks.
Good luck to you, pal.
Yeah, Martha Stewart, we better play that to Mottie Python,
but you know what?
Because she's an up and he rich bitch.
And we better get her ass out of here.
21 till 2.
We've got more Howard David.
It's, I'm sure it's going to be all over those college hoops,
man, like Stink on Grey.
Yeah.
Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
I'm losing money.
I'm quite 50.
You, A, M.
Hey, you Jennifer Capriotti here.
And when I'm at 11 balls on the court,
I'm getting stoned off my ass.
And I get my best hits off the Jennifer Capriotti
at his ball, can bomb.
That's right.
It's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball, can bomb.
Cops will never suspect this innocent looking gang.
Just empty the balls, screw on the ball,
filling with water and yours that can destroy brain cells.
The Jennifer Capriotti way.
Oh, this is so smooth.
It's the bomb that thinks it's a tennis ball can.
A tennis ball can that thinks it's a ball.
Proceeds benefit when Jennifer Capriotti
rules the best foot.
Normal approved.
OK, don't panic.
Cool.
Just reaching for the last page of three fantastic stories
here right at the SNO, the show, tremendous.
According to reports, stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones
will stop onboarding a airplane at London's Hito Airport.
After the design on his t-shirt caused an unexpected security
alert.
Oh, my God.
While on his way to airport security
to board the flight, Jones found himself questioned
after repeatedly sitting off the metal detector
before the design on the singer's t-shirt
provoked one guard to claim it would prevent him from flying
at all.
I beat this.
I went through the metal detector.
Jones is quoted by website contact music as saying.
So they took my belt watch and phone off.
The guy takes me aside and says, you know, you're not
supposed to wear that.
I said, not supposed to wear what?
I honestly didn't have a clue.
A security man then pointed to the singer's t-shirt, which
featured a picture of a pistol with a flame coming out
of the top.
I was like, what am I going to do with a gun on a t-shirt,
Jones continued?
So we called this superior over.
By this point, I was like, you're having a laugh, mate.
So we started asking me if I was embossed with anything,
but it wasn't.
I thought he was going to ask me to strip down and change.
I mean, I thought as if my t-shirt was loaded.
How do you like that?
Well, you never know.
The t-shirt was.
Buying a new name.
Speaking of that, when it's Connecticut,
a former Stanford police officer has been charged with
a lute conduct involving a toy banana.
Arthur Britanna and the toy banana.
Arthur Britanna, 62, had been on probation for lute conduct
more than four years ago, was arrested this past weekend
after police said he placed a toy banana in his pants
and flash people.
All right.
Great.
That is great.
Wasn't great for him, though.
Britanna was charged with Britanna with his banana,
which charged with breach of peace interfering
with a police officer.
Over a span of time, there were several reports
of a subject wearing extremely, this is great.
Over a span of time, there were several reports
of a subject wearing extremely tight pants
with an obvious ball stuffed down this pants
in Roger Petroni, Jr., Britanna would allegedly
greet passes by on the busy street while trying
to draw attention.
At times, he placed a bag in front of his pants,
then moved it and showed the balls.
It was a yellow plus child's toy banana,
Patroni said, and had a smiley face on it.
How do you like that?
That's fine, I betcha.
Britanna was released on $5,000 as bond
for March 21 appearance in Stanford,
Superior Court in Stanford, connected it.
I guess he won't be doing that again soon.
And here comes the best, St. Petersburg, Florida.
A five-year-old girl was arrested,
cuffed and put in the back of a police cruiser
after an outburst at school where she threw books
and boxes, kicked a teacher in the shins,
smashed a candy dish, hit an assistant principal
in the stomach, and drew on the wall.
Oh my God.
Oh no, you're in the wall.
The students were counting jelly beans as part of a mat.
This is a five-year-old girl.
The recounting jelly beans as part of a Ronald Reagan
math exercise at Fairmont Park Elementary School
when the little girl began acting silly.
That's when her teacher took away her jelly beans
outraging the child.
Minutes later, the 40-pound girl was in the back
of a police cruiser under arrest for battery.
Her hands were bound with plastic ties.
Her ankles in handcuffs.
Oh no.
I don't want to go to jail, she said moments after her arrest
Monday.
No charges were filed to girl at home with her mother.
While police say the directions were proper,
school officials were not pleased with the outcome.
We never want to have a five-year-old child arrested,
said Michael Bissett, the district's area three super-intended.
The district's campus police should have been called
to help and not local police.
Yeah, who called the cops?
Some goofball.
She's been appropriately disciplined
out of the circumstances.
They said the girl's mother, Inda,
can say she's consulting an attorney.
She's never going back to the school.
They sent my baby up, she said.
Ha ha ha ha.
They sent my baby up.
I can spell out lawsuit as in miles away, can't you?
Yeah, like how big?
Off a five-year-old fat lawsuit.
That's not even nearly as amusing as Mr.
Bertana with his banana.
Now, speaking of not so amusing,
a day after actor Robert Blake celebrated his acquittal
on charges of murdering his wife,
and the bitch had a coming.
A lawyer for the victim's family
who said yesterday he would wipe that smile off his face
in a civil case at a hasty pace.
Blake 71 held a jubilant news conference
after being filed not guilty Wednesday
in the May 2001 shooting death
of his estranged trailer trash wife
of six months, Bonnie Lee Bakeley.
The star of the TV show, Barrettia,
was also acquitted of soliciting
a former stunt man to murder Bakeley,
and the jury deadlocked 11-1
under fighting him, not guilty,
asking a second stunt man to kill her,
in favor of fighting him, not guilty.
But the verdicts don't end his legal saga.
He's also the subject of a wrongful death civil suit
brought by Bakeley's family,
which was held over to the conclusion
of the three months criminal trial.
I'm gonna wipe this smile off his face, Eric Dubin,
the lawyer of Bakeley's family told CNN yesterday.
Dubin said the family felt that Bakeley portrayed
in court as a star-struck grifter
who ran a mail order sex business,
had been murdered twice,
once in the car, and once understand.
I guess that's just to make sure, right?
Blake was charged with fatally shooting Bakeley
in his car outside an LA area restaurant.
The evidence was largely circumstantial,
based on the testimony of the two stuntmen
whom jurors said they found unreliable.
Dubin said he planned to take testimony
for the civil case from Blake within two weeks,
have them back in court in July.
In civil cases, a verdict is based
on the preponderance of evidence,
and the jury's verdict does not have to be unanimous.
A lower standard proof than a criminal trial.
Kind of like our glucose personal buddy, OJ, right?
OJ.
Now he's paid all that money back, hasn't he?
No.
Every dime, every cent, every penny?
How many cent if he had back so far?
About 30, man.
It seems that he will rush us.
It's collusive way on 560,
and AM.
The number I wrote the other day
will not duck hunting with a judge.
Thank you very much, the FCC.
Thank you very much for finding me.
5,000 bucks a foot, so I'm really out of luck.
As more than high a device was judging me.
So you very much, the FCC,
for proving that we speak citizen-free.
The clear channels, a dear channel,
so how it's done must go.
A term agent, Royal Astrom, doesn't like strong words and so.
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for Russia in love.
So you answer very much.
So you very much, dear Mr. Bush,
for your rowy curly sitting on your tush,
for Halliburton, and Ron, all the companies in pale.
Let's send them a clear signal and sick marker straight in jail.
She's an operative rich rich, and at least he isn't.
So you answer very much.
You ferry.
So you think,
you're a shady dude.
You and everything you do.
Your pace maker must be a fake.
You haven't got a lot.
The smarter's I'm concerned you're just a face to face, so far.
And ask for condolences, she's an intellectual.
So for your own sovereign remarks.
So you very much, the EPA.
For giving all the laskers oil away.
It really is a bummer when I come to my home.
The ozone, the no-go zone, now that Arnold's here to say.
The nuclear inter-games are going to take place in LA.
So you also very much.
Absolutely.
So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
You also very much.
She's an operative rich rich,
that Martha Magnumus take about a 158.
We got Moistan and Baye, who's now the voice of what?
Something.
Sports, something at work.
And then we got a mad dog from Publix, holy moly man.
He is sure spreading his wings, you know.
He's getting around.
Mad dog, 601 South Andrews, 704 Lauderdale,
Publix, Curtis, evens in a 10.
Any K-10, and they punch your guts out, show.
Okay, here's the result of the poll today.
And this, of course, what I said before,
and I won't talk about the steroids again,
because nobody cares.
Nobody cares about those hearings.
The things is embarrassing and humiliating,
and degrading as the performance was all the way around,
especially Mark McGuire and Ilyana Rosanna Dana,
and everybody else, and Jose, who changed his mind
but by the book anyway.
Who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs or booze,
and of course nobody's having any hearings about those
because, you know, why bother?
John Belushi, 226 Jimmy Hendrix 101, Chris Farley, 85,
Elvis, 79, right there on the Crapper, Jim Morrison, 37.
He'd be doing a lot better when we left him off.
Although I'm surprised he's only got 37, eight, two.
A little bit.
That's bad.
Marilyn Monroe 34, Kurt Cobain 28,
G. C. Linto Great, Lenny Bruce 21, John Bottom 21.
William Holden 20, Janice Joplin 18,
Jury Garcia 17, old Dirty 15,
by the end of the weekend he'll have...
About 30 men, I'm more than that.
Judy Garland 13, Charlie Parker 11,
River Phoenix 11, Hutter rest Thompson 10,
Bond Scott from ACDC 10,
Sid Vicious 9, Keith Moon from NewHuad 9,
Jack Kerawak 9, Freddie Prince 7.
And what was that show?
It was with the Red Fox or...
She'd go on a man.
I got the team by Jose Feliciano.
You want to hear it?
No time.
Well, I like that though.
Andy Gibbs 7, Shannon Hoon from Blind Melon 6.
Sorry, I already put it away, Josh.
Rick James 5, Bradley DeWell from Sublime 5,
and D.D. Ramone 4, everybody else teeny tiny table.
Bye, bye, bye!
