Pardon me. I said I guess a lot of we must not be gambling no no because that's it's a word would be morally wrong
I guess that the racing that goes on in the highlight that's that's not gambling either
You know that the state is in partnership with and takes its cut
Governor is doing now
He's now gonna beat this thing now that it's already passed in Breyer County and
And
They've got a technicality on them
But they're going that they're saying that they don't know the I blame the proponents I do too
They ran a class class three slot. Mejana should have been specific if you leave anything up in the year to these great rob absolutely
That's what he's famous for subverting the world of the public with his devious plans about class size
He's a piece of crap man and way you know the curl high as in by the way
I'm gonna agree with you 50% out from yesterday morning
We'll give bush 50% and the
The hero 50% of the blame fitting pity. Yeah, because Karl Heisen is a total sellout
He's just like all the others he pretends to be like an independent journalist who doesn't you know told the party line
He's just another shill after I had a call yesterday
I looked online and I read his column from Sunday right what a piece of crap
I'm always in mind Carl Heisen
I don't know what got into him on this one not no more what got into him is they got to him and
He doesn't mention one word in there about the fact we already got it with the Indians and with the cruise ships
He mentions nothing about that and oh, it's not specific
Yeah, the enabling legislation always has to be passed in any state by the legislature
That's not strictly a Florida thing. That's just the way it is
You can't you can't compound it on a ballot because then it makes it a duel
It makes it makes the issue unacceptable for the ballot. You know all these challenges we've had over the years
You have more than one issue on a ballot. It's not it's not legal. You can't do it
But the pro side but they try to bring up very poor lots
They ran a poor campaign and and the proof of it is I think there were two problems with it one
They did it in the name of education. I thought that was a mistake and I'm talking about you know what they were trying to sell and
Secondly was because people don't want to put money into education because they don't trust where it's going
And I know that he also heisen also fails to mention the column where says oh, we don't know what we're getting
It's all up in here. They met with the the
Board of Education people they met with the county commissions in both counties
They put it in writing to the 30% of the gross of profits
It's all in writing from the operators of the Appear mutual
I'm going to tell you this Neil if they aren't clustering slots and they limit the hours and they limit the amount like the $20
It's gonna go over like a printing code it doesn't matter because nobody's gonna get anything right
And I
And I
An assistant another way of sticking into public education, which of course is another one of his specialty and another way of sticking it to the public
Not giving him what they voted for right, but the art or you know
He only knows two ways to do things you either disenfranchise people so they can't vote in case they're against what your side is on or
You make sure that you revoke what people voted for that that disguise about, huh?
Well, that's called a dictator which he and his brother specialize in that's the big thing
I got the beast made a face at me when I
Referred to him as a Nazi earlier in the show
Oh, he's a little bit of a whole family the grand father did business with the Nazis
I don't see anything wrong with that more and more everyday there are articles
I'm reading about his brother being a Nazi. I'll present anything. Yeah, always missing is the little mustache
Let me just read one thing here. I do not reading on my own show without reading here. But now it's my show. It is your
um
Pools among Republicans had slipped from 52% paper slots at a 30 in a matter of days because it was
Governor Jeb Bush the Republican governor who's especially popular among these Cuban communities blitzed his home turf last week and labeled the slots a bad
bed
How do you like that? I know that that's what they listen to if if any of the Bush family tell them to go to a cliff and
And jump the only one knows how high and how fast you know what that would be a
Start
Hey
Hey, man, hey, man, yeah, have a good show and have a great day and don't do what I did yesterday don't lose too much
I yesterday I lost too much. I just went home watch basketball. Yeah, well, that's that's a good safe
And I won five out of six
Well, you just you never lose. Let's face it. No, I do you're just a miracle man. That's me or full of crap one of the other
No, I'll tell you when I lose but I lost
Bad day. That's one of those things. You know, I'm in a great mood today the sun is shining. It's always another day
Sun's out here, too. Well, there you go. Too bad it wasn't shining on Tuesday
No, that's the excuse now. It was a great rainy day and this one didn't show up and this group didn't show up
Yeah, well, I'm going to the excuses and say say around the track me. Oh, there's no point looking up a horse is rear end to see what killed him
back home here comes the bunny and there goes
Sonny
Have a great day, too, and don't eat too much
I could offer only one tip for the future
Back strange and people will leave you alone the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own the andery and experience
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps these insane feelings while the kernels go sneak crackle and pop
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much
Rick a stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect
Take lots of pills one of them might work
Occasionally ask a stranger they've heard anything from Lewis
be annoying
During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon a funeral
Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees
Say the word titty without smiling
Try to figure out who said Paulie George at starin movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school union tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire he'll take a million dollars for one of his books
Try to find the secret to caretops success
Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a thought cost this and toss them on the lawn next door go on a car trip without cost this and force him to stay in his car seat
Try to dribble about cost
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no ear willed anyone unless you don't like them then school on their own
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap
Ask a hell's angel with he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
Smith and old lady
Imagine gober pile in the gay bar trying to get lucky do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it embrace it
Protect it and it is so often take it out for a nice knife
Karen not to care
Come while you eat
Act strange and people will leave you alone
It's 1007 happy a Thursday to a boy. I'll tell you the week is zooming by in it
It is especially with that ballgame mister two-bound game ended about what they do range it out
Well, so we got a little bonus there with Curtis Stevenson yesterday because George wasn't gonna come back on to a 15-minute show at the ass end of some stupid exhibition
Ballgame ice-cold George they're told Duff stick it baby. No, I didn't I wanted like a girl in the
Took pity on me. Well, he could relieve
244 votes on the new pool already, but we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. That was a great line. Hank. It's a start
That was sensational and I think he had his some right on it there. It's a start
There's the cliffs of Dover, but then again that's got to do with Dover down
We don't want to start talking about that again. Do we have any cliffs?
They don't have too many clists in for a world. Maybe all the California trash more. Okay
Just take him to like a hill somewhere it overpass. Yeah, or maybe just at the edge of the the beach
Just head out there into the beach in fact
Maybe they can look for a sloy muse with some of the old you'd lost too as a matter of fact
Just keep going east on a1a
Get to a1a and then just head east and keep going till you get there. You'll find it
Very sad, but that's outflow to madness and a grips of a bunch of people who just refused to come at the 18th century
They're just in the stone age and whatever the Boochmeister tells them that's so what they do
They do and and like we just said it's you know more like a dictator than a governor
But we'll get to that. Let's like I just said not get ahead of ourselves. Shall we should we not get out of ourselves?
Here's yesterday's pool
Kind of interesting 1525 votes and you notice now I'm putting the new pool up there like early in the morning
Just a little bit in switch just to give you something to do and keep you on your toes to get you involved a little bit
Those of you 50 people were still left listening to QAM. Hey, listen. We're doing just fine. Okay. Everything here is all we're fine
I'm worried baby Greg is out of the country
Clarence is up there in Virginia for some stupid ass you and basketball game again
Duff has got the keys to the kingdom now
Do we ever find out who that was yesterday? It was like making those groaning sounds?
It could have been any of the people in there with no it could not have because it was a fairly deep voice
Which leaves out leaves out several of those people dupshed. I don't have a deep voice
Ray Perry has he sounds a little bit like Jack Nicholas
Yeah, I've got a lot
Gary Sarner has that whiny, you know very orthodox voice who else was in there?
It wasn't Miguel because he's got that tell tale
Spanish thing, you know
Yeah, so even a groan from him is like a little in a sponule
I don't know who that was didn't seem like I couldn't have any of those that crowd
Maybe it was something that we don't know like one of our new
Sales people something like that or maybe our new promotions lady
Which is Josh Curtis's mother?
Why didn't you tell me that before they're opening a mouth and making all those comments?
Well, first of all is a terrible cycle of all had I didn't know you were going to be making those comments
Well, how did I know that? You referred a lot before anyone had a chance to tell you anything you just went on
Oh to hell. That was very easy. You know you mentioned it the first time we've mentioned it before one
Longs, mothers are in promotion, but you're up there to help me that
Another promotion's assistant. Well, what is he keeping furring things? Yeah, she's redhead
But what is she? She's the internet sales manager for power and Q a
Internet sales manager what what is that? What do we sell on the internet?
Stuff
The internet sales manager what if I ever heard a scam? That's it
Internet sales manager my ass
So in other words, she just got some kind of a phony bogus thing there under payroll. Well, that's nice
Why not everybody only one right? We got a whole bunch of people like that
Whole bunch of free loaders back. We couldn't might actually be able to pay you guys a little bit if we didn't have all of that
Whole crowd there. I think Sam is still on the payroll. I bet you had the grades like yeah
I believe it and probably even scurran just just to buy her silence. She's probably still gonna check
1525 votes in yesterday's pool what talk host Niel has worked with other than a Q a m
Did you like the best Phil Henry back in the days when he was really great. We like him a lot
Are you sure? Yeah back in those days. We hate you like poison now that you sold out and turned into a right wing bushlicker
You idiot you feel hungry 440 votes. It wins by landslide never listen to you before Q a m 232 over 15 percent
So we've you know ended a little how many people we added in these seven years
Suds Coleman 229 they love suds without Rick not to crazy about Rick but they like suds
Randy Rose 170
None of the above 84 that's the crowd that don't like anybody we hit him all
Mike Winnery 83 well we sure miss him what a good guy that was just
horrendous Rick Riley we don't miss him a lick 67 we don't miss you Rick we can't stand you you're an idiot
Uh the bird 63 miss him a little bit. Yeah, he was uh even though you didn't like him
What he had his moment he was uh on Zeta he was very good
He added a lot to the show no matter any word listen to that anyway. So what do you know? I never said I didn't like him
Oh
You're gonna start that crap now just like yeah, Riley and you were singing it over again
This is pretty as good as who did you hate more Rick Rowney or the bird think about it right the bird 63 build called her 31
Boyce a long drop off but you know bill
Had been on for years that made you 27 but that's shocking Dave Caprita 22
Jerry Wichner 19 boy he and Sammy Smith are probably singing together in a big old red neck tent in the sky
As they drive down a Ho Chi Minh trail
Brook Daniels 12 Joey Reynolds and Craig Worthing 11 the police apologize to Craig for that being an lump in with Joey Reynolds
That's that's disrespectful Jerry Williams and Alice Ryan tell Ada peace
Alice Bennett had five and Chris Baker had uh oh my god three votes. Oh my god. One drop in the three votes. Oh my god. Oh my god
Oh my god. Oh my god. That was his show right there. Oh my god. It was pretty exciting
1013 at 560 WQ way in I've got two sets of rips
oh
Well he's a talent happy that's me
Oh who got the money from his daddy
Oh and it's like my little daddy
Oh we've been a jetter that's crab me
Oh well he's a talent happy
No but they're silly
Well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna win
He might as well just move right in
Sing hard
Sing hard
He has a golden spoon he was born with up his ass
So look out all you Jews get ready for the gas
He's a talent as he does the boy
He'll give our table rights to Wally
Oh finding the talent as he has a level A
Well he's a very well-pidu with very badges
You who never pay to do by make sure we'll all be screwed
She called
She called
She called
Any smart food in that race against buddy but hey why do you think they call it
Gilbert? Victoria Lanyray
He's a talent happy that's me
Oh
He'll be the KKK happy
Oh
Gilbert
Lany
I was mentioned in Georgia before the show and I think it first
Next year oh by the way
Aurea Giovanni is a beating curtain today
I think she was not the first one to say but she did say
Oh god
She said
She also said that
And if you take a peek you'll understand what I'm talking about
Aurea Giovanni was born November 3rd, 77 makes her 27
And she has got humongous basumbas which obviously are not real
There is not a China man's chance in hell
That those are real is there
Well with a little bit of tears
trivia on IMDB she enjoys new beaches
Well as a matter of fact when you look at her resume
It doesn't appear to be an awful lot of like serious acting you know what I'm saying
Yeah comedy mostly
Bubba girls
Mystique presents H2O with like several Hs
Naked Diva
Virtual App dancers
Abreana erotic idols
Girlfriends
You go girlfriend
13 erotic ghosts
Beach blanket Malibu
Survivors exposed
Blondon brunettes and Aurea
And a bunch of other
A real sex extra porn necopia
Going down in the valley
Oh
Center full Babylon
And a bunch of other crap
Girls of Penthouse 4
So there she is Aurea Giovanni
Nice tag into a born in El Abo
But nevertheless nothing's perfect
Including her face
But that's so we don't want to get into that
Now what I was just saying all about the Mafia and Batista
Full Hensio Batista
Okay
Well known and widely known
And a one would even try to dispute it
That the mob
They hind and rots of the world
Myrlansky and Trapecanty and all the others
They were paying Batista
Enormus amounts of money under the table
So he would look the other way
So those casinos
Those beautiful casinos in Nevada
Would the flourish and bring in tons and tons of money
An enormous amount that they were siphoning in their pockets
Of course
Nice. So he got he got a nice piece
That's how he been robbed
He's not a big piece
That's right
So I just mentioned that
Because in Cuba they love the casinos
And it was one of the great tourist destinations
And everybody was having a wonderful time
And it was a great thing
But as soon as somebody named Bush
Says
Oh go out there and it's going to bring in crime
And it's going to be the end of the world
And you're all going to go bankrupt
And lose your lunch money
And it's gambling as evil
See
This business is imposing his personal views
And everybody
It's like the same thing with the Christian prison
The same thing
This business is imposing your religious values
On the rest of the states
It's supposed to be the governor of all the states
Not just the goyam, okay
Not just the old, tootless Cubans
He's supposed to be the governor of everybody in the state
And when people in Broward County say overwhelmingly
We want Vegas style casinos slots
Which everybody knew that's exactly what they were talking about
And he comes in and tries to subvert the will again
I say recall, baby
I say uh
Lynch Bob
That's what I'm saying
Good luck
Lynch is ugly fat ass
And his wife and his whole family
And of course
That daughter with a crack problem
Got a big, a big, a big problem
He's got a big ass and she's got a big crack
Problem
Speaking of that, let's get to some of these other things before we get into that whole deal again
I didn't think we'd have to rehash that
I thought the election like Hank said was over already
But uh, I guess not
And that jackass that called her at the end of Hank's show
But well, he's a good gambler
And that's the baby
He's against gambling
And how the hell can he be a proponent of a lottery
Which is the worst bet in the world
And let me tell you another thing
Not that I want to start talking Canada again, A
But you know, you win the lottery here
There are no taxes
It's paid in one lump
And there's no annuities
But in Florida another one you have to pay through the notice
If you win the lottery in taxes
But if you win like say 10 million dollars
You get it over the next 700 years
They get it by your lucky 20 or 30 year annuity
Which a lot of people be dead and buried by the time they get their money
And if you want an all-in-one lump sum
Then you take a significantly smaller amount
Than what you were supposedly thinking you were going to win
That's what's called bait and switch
It's called a fraud is what it is
If you want to worst bet your chances are one in a trillion
But that's not gambling
That's okay, that's kosher
And of course keeping mine that's his subverted that money
They didn't use it for what they said that we're going to use it
I just mentioned those things in passing
Fat ass governor
You piece of turg you
You disgusting Nazi bastard you
Man, I'm not sure who I hate more
Him or his brother
Because you know he's closer to home
Right, the jester
Piece of
I won't even say it
I was speaking on that
What a good segue
Cordalene Idaho
You know the kind of people who live there don't say
Cordalene nice people
Oh yeah
Homey, home is fun
Now teenagers agreed to admit to three counts of disturbing the piece after anonymously sending
Seaman frosted brownies to a fellow student
The recipient shared the treat with two other teens police said
Shared the treat now this is from the sophisticated press
They must be going to the wrong dentist, you know
They said the 17 year old Cordalene high school student was upset after a prank in which the other student put peanut butter in his tea
Sandwich days before
He told a school resource officer that he hated peanut butter
And made a more mad than he could explain
Me too, I can understand
The teen later told school resource officer Jeff Walther that he got the idea putting his Seaman on the brownies from the movie
National Ampouins van Wilder
In which characters in pastries filled with dogs seem into a fraternity house
It's those evil liberal community
That's right just like those video games baby same thing
Everybody's gone crazy
Kids pumps are running nuts in the streets
Tell me every
The student was arrested and booked into a juvenile detention center
He's since been released on a judge's order that he has no contact with the students who ate the brownies
Those brownie hounds
The youth has to be sentenced April 4 on the three-minister meaner counts which each are punishable above to 90 days in detention
The victims parents were notified that children were tested for anything and could have been transmitted through body fluid
Although panhandle and health spokeswoman Susan Cough said the chance of the students' health thing effect will be extremely remote
School superintendent Harry Amin that declined comment on any school discipline against the teen
What what did that was that I
He shared the treat with two other teens
Oh
The sweet treat yeah, I just to show you that Florida not only the people have in an
Upstate Florida and in the panhandle now are the people I've been says but even the animals
This is even it Whitney on passions will be a very nervous when she hears about this
Can't wait till her forehead and baby is born by the way
Lake City Florida and we're gonna Lake City, I'm sure
Man, that's almost as good as sophisticated as two egg and okotobi and pohoki
You'll love that cherry pie and up pohoki man
Kid and born with two faces in Lake City Florida. There's nothing worse than a two-faced cat
When Teresa Morrison's cat had a litter Tuesday
She noticed something was different about one of the kittens. I thought it had a growth on its face
She said got a picture of it here. It's really disgusting looks like one of those shrunken heads
Yeah, that's what it looks like the kid has two mouths two noses and four eyes you mean you decoder head and urine
He said he's never seen it never the kid is nursing from its mother which the vet said is a good sign
Doesn't say from which mouth maybe both maybe it's like you know
Taking turns she oh I see she's speeding off one mouth now sometimes goes to the other but she's not getting an open
Morrison said in the mouth either the vet told Morrison he didn't know if the cat has one or two brains
Just like our management team. We're not sure if they have we know they don't have two and we're not sure about the other part
Didn't know if the cat has one or two brains, but having one would give the cat a better chance to survive
I still think it over that line from Hank. It's a good start
That was special he said the kitten lives
If the kid lives 48 hours. He's got a good chance of living a full life
Wednesday morning Morrison named the cat doose isn't that great or is that great?
He named the cat doose
That's what Josh told me last week that George was taken I'm doing
I was disgusting by the way. Don't ever say that again. He's taking the doose that was
That was worse than the stuff you said about Dave Ann boring and Rossi burns things. I don't know what it was only one oh
27 past 10 at 560 WQ a.m. And I'm gonna tell you one thing about Florida
It's never been boring because it's always a hysteria. It's always the same turmoil and nothing can ever be done smoothly or intelligently
It's always got to be embarrassing and hand not slow not fast just half fast
George Aaron the taxi cab I said driver
several times
You look that mean so quickly
Well, he was in a dog
So I acted out my pocket you read and with my arms the trees I made
No bunk speaks English and a model are you sure?
I went down to my yeah, I met which where the weather is nice and sunny
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of fortune beam he says no on the end of what does that mean
The butter's English
That cornered
Delhi
Hell I think I've in Pakistan speak English
Are you think go back to Iraq
ah
I came here many years ago
Learned my ABC
I don't say much as gross years I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in American now stop making this
You know
27 to 11 at 5.60 W Q a.m. We got Mohawar David and
Two mad dog at four is that an abbreviated show a tough assignment tonight four to six thirty because we got
Canes warm up at six thirty nine. I know a tremendous audience will be tuning for that
ACC tourney to her canes in Virginia seven and nine thirty
Joshua
What's his name dear? I'll be there clearance with the beast and Joseph Gaki and wow
Oh, wait a minute is the how can the beast be there I thought he was there this morning with the Hank he is
So it's only gonna be Joseph Gaki and clearance
I don't know oh boy that don't sound too kosher to me tend to two us any came from Cheetah and the Cheetah and Halendale
You know we never mentioned that supporting news radio and just as well overnight two to five and a one because we're embarrassed
We also never mentioned a big five to seven in the morning even though we're embarrassed about that
But at least it's a local show. I wonder how he came down and at the
Star-saving on the election Tuesday. Remember how we came down on the election in November
Yeah, first he was for Kerry and I went bad being and then his neighbors decided that he must have
Burning crosses on his long and changes mine. He voted for Kerry. Did he really? Yes. Have you know that?
That's what he says did he talk about it on the year then he voted for Kerry? That's what I heard
That's really scary by the way his name is Orlando Al Zagiri and anyway, right?
Yeah, just we don't want to give bog this thing down because we got to get into this whole thing with your obnoxious fat-ass governor
But just to make sure that you understand things are just fine. Oh, we're fine. I rack things are going swimming
We will gunman shocked at a police chief and two other people and drive by shooting at the Iraqi capital today
A day after a 30-city found dozens of corpses some bullet riddled others be headed at two different sites
Gunman and two cars open fire on a pickup truck carrying Colonel off mid-Avice the head of police station in central Baghdad
Killing him his driver and a guard in the northern city of Kirkuk gunman killed an accountant working for Kurds
Kurds at the television station belong to the patriotic union of Kurdistan where the two main Kurdish parties
Carol struck a police patrol with the roadside bomb in the southern city of Bosra killing two police men wounding three
In northern Kirkuk a woman identified as now while more hammered who worked with the US forces was killed and drive by shooting
Three unidentified men were gunned down in central Baghdad
Another was killed when gunman opened fire on a bus in northern Mosul two police officers were killed and two others were injured in clashes
Within surgeons
disputing Washington's version of events Italy's premier said an untied intelligence agent was shot to death by US troops in Baghdad
Head informs the proper authorities that he was heading to the airport with the freed hostage
Prime Minister Sylvia Burlusconi also told lawmakers that the car carrying agent Nikola Calapari and just liberated hostage with traveling slowly
And stopped immediately when a light was flashed at a checkpoint before US troops fired on the car
If the terrorists don't catch it the US troops certainly will
And also yesterday a suicide bomber in a garbage truck loaded with explosives and at least one gunman shot their way into a parking lot
In a during attempted dawn to blow up a hotel used by western contractors in Baghdad
At least four people including the attackers and a guard were killed and
Last but not least iraq's interim planning minister
Mosli al-Hafid escaped death yesterday after government open fire on his convoy in the capital two of his bodyguards
Were killed and to others were wounded
But other than that everything's going well
We're probably swimmingly well in our rack
We can turn the mark. Let's look at the good things that are happening to rack even though half the country still doesn't have electricity
All of these things
Don't confuse people with the facts. Okay. Let's take a look at today's pool, which we haven't even got to yet
We got almost 400 votes. How do you like that?
See catch him off guard a little bit throw the new poll on her get like a it's our head start program
Get the new one on there early in the moment give him a little something to do keep him out of trouble off the streets
381 votes pretty impressed with that the biggest problem with date County is
And we got the let's see three six
Eight choices on here. It's a banana republic 128. I mean is there any doubt about that? No
Nobody speaks English. That's why I played that again
And we could play that every day. It wouldn't be too much. You know
No, I'm just trying to make it a wrong guy nobody speak it English. I know. I don't speak English
Well, well, what do you guys do with you live in date County? No, I don't even you got out. Yeah, I got out years ago
You got out. I don't think Josh ever lived there
Nah, wasn't because there's a lot of spring that which is pretty damn far from day last time I checked
Even fat rich just before his death there. He was planning to get out
I think that may have had something to do with it, you know
I think it was probably a date County conspiracy. They probably poisoned his
Kudai dip
It's a banana republic 128 and date nobody speaks English 88 too many old right wing cuban 74
You see a connection between those first three there
You know, there's a little bit that's okay the traffic 40 that was Georgia's 40
Or pissed off about the date traffic although traffic in Broward is not exactly what you call a picnic
But nevertheless it's heads and shoulders is it really oh yeah? I'll go out and buy something right now
I'm gonna get my st ives a body wash. Don't forget the face scrub the politicians 22 never met a politician
We liked in date County all a bunch of crooks thieves if these tramps
garbage collectors and they should be just awful the name has changed the faces change
You know, it's either link in the as-valard or this the as-valard or Ilya and her Rosanna Dana this are you know
It's the same same crowd always pandering always dividing always appealing to you know
Stone age mentality
Uh, politicians 23 the non-Hispanic don't vote 16. That's the worst problem with date
I think they got a good point should have a bigger number than that
16 a much bigger number but they don't want to admit it
The Miami-Herald 7 by the way speaking of the Harold if I can just interject here momentarily remember a guy named Max Castor
I read many of his very fine articles on his show. Yes, and Max Castor of course didn't tow the company line the
Interact harmonies the hysterical old toothless
Damiracar crowd mentality as a result the hero no longer carries for the last many many months now the Max Castor column right
So that's probably why Carl Hyerson finally decided to do tow the line, you know
One toque over the line at the hero anyway
Miami-Herald 7 and nothing nothing wrong with dated. It's great only seven out of
392 votes not exactly what I call a
Siddling endorsement for life in date county. So that's our pull right now
Max Castor what he wrote some really great stuff
We sure don't want to put that in the hero because we're too busy pandering and like I said the other day
They can pander all they want the fact is that they know spaghetti and graze crowd doesn't read the Harold or L
Herald they read the diary the L the audio date us americas. Did I say that right? Yes, okay
I'm telling you right now all right very very few of these people read the L
Herald because if it's in the Herald they don't want nothing to even there are stood enough to realize that the
Herald is full of crap and just pandering them see people don't like being panned or two
I know that you're in a gratuitous way
They like being panned or two if it's done in a subtle way and they're too stupid to realize it's happening
But if it's in a very overt or gratuitous way they resented like you're not kidding me. You're not one of us
You know get lost see what I'm saying mm-hmm Alex and Miami says now before you go off on me
All says go off on me. This is something I heard now what you're take on it
If I read this the way you wrote it Alex we'd both sound very moody
You literally I heard a lot of people vote against the slots to our room for when casinos come down to Miami
Right supposedly casinos on our days agenda if we have slots in the three-per-mute rules once casinos around the ticket
These facilities will fight and vote again it in addition to the existing opposition
I know you more than anyone else
No more. Yeah, so please oh yeah, I know more than anybody. I know one thing. This is a idiotic Alex get where the hitter life
Cut of science fiction is that a lot of people voted against it to leave room for the casinos are their casinos coming to date county? Oh no, not last time I checked
We should have put Alex on the pool too. I think you're part of the promise we'd heart
Hey
We
Did
Should
When city around hell rose and gladdened on the sun
Any sprue they take drugs
Cause we shed it, day you are in
Ferdri Commodation
And alcanzit for within their Grounds
Ravens were heard out in thee , Brian
Welcome.
Okay, 10.27 at 5.60.
I'm here to fetch from a very irate and irritated Cubano.
Not irate with me, but irate with what's happening in Dave County.
He's getting hell out. Nice going, amigo.
After 30 years, 9.1.
And 9.1. Some finally leaving permanently to a blue state where there are living and breathing people
who like to have fun in my little business.
This past election date was the final nail in the coffin.
I'll be glad to be away from many things, but what I'll be most happy about is that I'll no longer have to deal with the homophobic misogynistic hippocritical,
one-dimensional so-called exalcommunity who have turned this place at the miserable open sewer that it is on all levels.
And I'm Cuban. Dave County can each smit and die as Roby said. Good luck to you.
Remember Roby Young?
The people are so damn bad that not only you have to be brought up by that bandit action,
but if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't.
You don't have real people that send for a...
You don't have it on your regular number.
I always asked to be a guest on one of your talk shows or an I think it's your AM, the WIOD.
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
I worked on your station in 1964.
I was a short-of-permanent guy in Miami.
That by time, and I influenced people who by time.
If you people can't get it together to be a better radio station,
and if you were at a panel red station or an EVS station,
I suggested you take a damn frequency, which my grandmother's friend, Jesse,
who they put on the air in 1926,
that you turn the damn thing off and get out of the business.
You need a lot of the exchange of yourselves.
My name is Roby Young, and the telephone number is a motel in Miami.
Roby Young 13, you people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 1926.
I ran to damn thing and I was running around.
You were incredible.
You have no credibility in radio.
Now, give it all to Jesse before I get on the phone to mention,
you get on the phone to me.
You can take this back on a little more.
Just to say a little bit of true, but it will be because he's doomed anyhow.
More guilt, Messerite.
We're not even on I would be. We're still doomed.
That was Roby Young, and by the way, the number 13 in a hotel,
Motel, whatever the hell was.
Yeah, unlucky number, you want to know why?
I'm dying on the land.
He's dead.
Roby Young is dead. That's right. He stayed in room number 13.
Don't ever do that again. Unless it's Matt Sunde, or Dan Marino,
stay away from 13.
That's why a lot of hotels don't even have a 13 floor,
because there are a lot of idiotic superstitious people out there.
Bush rolled beats slots and dead.
Oh, Hallelujah. It says the right wing fat ass governor.
Hallelujah. All you people do step to long.
Do step to the cliff and jump when I told you it.
And like Hank said, it would be a good start.
It's a good start. That was a special moment in my life.
Anyway, as Tuesday's election approached the coalition of gambling interests,
that was put, this is in the hero of the course, you see the way it's written.
Yeah.
There was pushing a battle initiative to rob slot machines at South Florida race tracks
and a high life front.
New and had a problem in Dave County.
Pulling among Republicans, it's looked from 52% in favor slots, just 30%.
About 30 million.
Matt over days. Again, among Republicans.
The reason? Governor Jabbush.
The Republican governor who's a specially popular among Miami-Dade's Cuban communities
blitzed his own turf late last week and labeled a slots and issued a bad bet.
The industry attempted to blunt the bush effect by boosting turnout in black communities,
a familiar tactic among South Florida's checker board of ethnic voters,
former U.S. representative Kerry Meek made automated phone calls on Monday and Tuesday
and appeared on black-oriented radio, but on a gray raining day on which turned out
barely top 14% in day, they just didn't work.
We had people arriving at the polls in Liberty City in Overtown telling us they were voting
because Kerry Meek told him to said, Ron Book, Chief lobbyist for the industry group,
but we didn't have enough of them.
How many did they have?
About 30, man.
In largely Democratic Broward County where the slots initiative won 57% of the vote,
amid an 18% turnout, Bush had far less effect.
And that's because we don't have that right-wing element, the old toothless crowd in Broward County.
Thank God.
Thank...
Deal, God!
In fact, most of us in Broward County are refugees from date who escaped who ran a hell out,
like me and George and a whole bunch of people we could mention, but we won't do it.
Let's mention all the names, and that will take us right up till 315.
All right, tomorrow.
Pre-Sync level returns without available yesterday,
but it was clear that the first lot's campaign landed lots of votes in the condos
as well as among early voters in absentees.
In Dave County, we turned to show a solid no, a solid no vote,
and the predominantly Hispanic precincts in the county's central and western areas
outpulled the urge vote in predominantly white and black precincts at the county's north end.
So in other words, the no votes were coming from the ass end.
Pre-Sync's in Little Havana, Coral Gables, and Kendall have the governor's fingerprints all over them,
book said, while the post-lice forces scored best in areas such as Northeast Aid,
Liberty City, and Overtime.
The Cuban community followed the governor in the enormous fashion book said,
oh, what a surprise, what a shock.
It was a big come down for an industry effort that raised $6.8 million in campaign funds
over the few months' time and paid millions to help defray the cost of election in both counties.
A week ago, book said industry poll showed the campaign nine points up, and Dave.
Early voting, no wait till you hear this.
Early voting had gone strongly in favor of the slots in Dave,
according to a Harold analization, total absentee in early voting in Dave County
was 57% for and 42% against, and then Bush suggested the turnaround came after he and his allies
made their last minute dash.
Bush met Wednesday with Miami-Builder Sergio Pino, who sank 100 grand in the anti-slot's effort
and bought up time on Spanish radio to campaign against the measure.
I'm really proud of my community for saying they don't want this as part of a future of their community.
Bush said, now two years from now they might get another chance at it, in which case it's a private citizen,
I'll be with my brother Pino and be fighting the plan again.
We'll be fighting again, because it's evil, it's disgusting.
Crack is good, crack is really good, smuggling crap out of the country through customs.
That's really good.
Right?
Having your kids running around screw their girlfriends in cars in a parking lot, and brought daylight
and tala has to be good, that's great.
But gambling is immoral and he's been a good Christian and he is opposed to it,
and therefore we must do step along in the line.
Because the governor, the fascist governor, he's against it.
Therefore we all must be against it.
You are doomed, all right, to quote Roby Young, the state of Florida, South Florida,
you are doomed.
Right.
No chance.
So even though it passed and growled with a crap wound, in fact now we get the nice story.
All the stories, we're going to hear calls, just relax.
Okay, we got four hours today, no baseball game, no howard's turns show,
we just did a nice four hour show today.
Empowered by his victory, keeping slot machines out of the day,
county governor, Jeff Bush put the fair mutual industry on notice yesterday,
this, this story here is enough to make you cock out in your pants.
This is the worst, this is the worst piece of dirt I have ever,
you turn right in my life.
This is, it's almost un, they leave them really.
Empowered by his victory, keeping slots out of date,
governor, fan asked Jeff Bush put the fair mutual industry on notice Wednesday
that it shouldn't hold out hope for any Las Vegas style machines.
Instead, Bush suggested that if he gets his way,
the four-broward fair mutual sites would end up with the same kind of video slot machines,
the same kind of crap that now being used at the Indian casinos, airzats.
Legislators haven't held July 1st to write the rules for regulating
how slot machines will operate in Broward, which voted heavily in favor slots Tuesday,
and set the rate for taxing their profits.
The fair mutual's loss in date has prompted some legislative leaders to suggest
that were obliged to impose tighter restrictions than the industry wants.
See, my boy, I said it and had to pass overwhelming in order to get them to do what they ought to do,
and of course, in date, they didn't even pass at all.
I think that there would be increased momentum for a stronger regulation of the industry,
due to the fact that it's had lukewarm receipts in Southeast Florida,
since Senate President Tom Lee, a brand-in Republican,
as if he's got anything to do with Broward County.
He's a turd.
Las Vegas style slots can have bigger payouts,
and believe to attract more players.
The fair mutual industry warned that if legislators affine slot machines the way the governor is suggesting,
it would gut the intent of the constitutional amendment the industry spent two years,
and more than $22 million to get passed in November.
That's not what the public demands.
It's not what the public has voted on, said Ron Book.
The public voted on slot machines, which are Las Vegas slot machines.
Not thing go, not poker, not old maid, not gin rummy, dummy.
Go fish.
Go fish.
Yeah, go a wonder, a fish called Wanda.
The governor repeated his month for Wednesday that gambling should be illegal in our state
and said that they restricted them.
Listen to that.
Gambling should be illegal in our state.
That's what your fat ass governor says.
So close down the lottery, close down all the tracks right now,
because your fascist governor, your dictator,
he's not even a governor, he's a dictator,
he tells you that gambling should be illegal in our state,
and unless of course it's church bingo, so you can be in a good Catholic,
he don't want to restrict church bingo.
And that a restricted definition of slot machines might enable him to sidestep negotiations
with the state's Indian tribes and potentially kill the expansive gambling at their casinos.
This is a man who is constantly, that's his specialty, tap dancing around the law,
tap dancing about what the public votes on and wants.
Whether it's the class size amendment, whether it's real slot machines,
whatever the, will you people want, this freaking fat ass,
he's gonna find a way to get around it, and you people down there,
you green-tooth old pro's, man, you are a disgrace.
All you do is put Dave County on right at the forefront of disgrace,
embarrassment, and humiliation and degradation.
Whether it's Los Van Van, you remember that whole episode,
whether it's Alianito, no matter what the hell it is,
it's always the same old tired crap.
It's the Alianna Ross, the Rosanna-Dana crowd,
and the, uh, Lincoln DS, Bullard Crap, same old tired crap.
Never gonna end.
Never gonna end.
It seems like there's an endless supply of these people for crying out loud.
How is it possible?
Though these people ever die?
The fast enough.
Currently, the Micah Sucky and Seminole Trabs
implore to have our notice class two machines,
or video lottery terminals, a joke.
They look and feel like many slot machines,
that they use a video display rather than individual readles,
the big difference.
A player on a class two machines actually competing against other players
in the playoffs determined by how much money all players are putting in.
In Los Vegas, they're all slots.
And on this class three, the player is playing against the house,
which can set higher payouts at whatever level the establishment wants.
Bush believes that if the paramutuals get traditional slot machines,
the Indians will be entitled to them, other forms of class three gambling,
such as Black Check, Relent, and Crap,
so we've got a story on that too.
They're pushing for it.
They're pushing real hard, the engines,
which I hope they don't get it because after what they did in November,
screw the Indians,
and what I say, and all their cigarettes with the worms at them too.
A bunch of phony balonies.
Oh, you know, they can't have that.
It's gonna destroy tourism.
It's gonna destroy our way of life out there.
Hard Rock is good, and the paramutuals they're bad.
Right.
Man, oh man, this unshine state my ass.
What a tropical depression, man.
I am so...
I kissed the ground.
I kissed the desk that counter everything.
I could be in Cordelaine Idaho,
and still feel like they're the same way.
Well, maybe not quite as happy.
Not to be in South Florida, not to be in the...
I was...
What?
Cordelaine's great.
But you've been there, I have not.
I've been there.
I've been there.
Like Ponderade, beautiful, hilarious.
I saw this to be paid ahead, right?
I saw this to be paid.
Loose slots?
484, y'all.
That's not the kind we're talking about.
Oh, totally.
484 votes.
Look at that.
And we're not in red to 11 o'clock,
and we almost got 500 votes on there already.
How do you like that?
Because we've got an early start, man.
We got the early bird voting.
You want to sing to Neil Rogers.
And this is the group's biggest air on 566-16-8.
The UAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
And I'll turn it on the energy source to help decrease our deep tendency on the middle
of the soil.
So trying to provide people with more prices, and if this is a new source of energy, that could
be a better idea.
That looks like we've sexually used a puppy to get the best of the time.
So, then you use the oil you have around the house.
Maybe oil, KY-Lord, or Gintura.
My personal favorite, the oil from a tune again.
And do your part for the word and status.
And for our favorite, in all mighty way, there was a person flying west saving the bus.
And if you don't make your own flight, it says another word.
And I'm going to turn it on.
And I'm going to show it in the direction of whoever it is that's a biscuit.
And for Trismitt's shot.
And I'm going to get you a beer.
I'm dying on the year.
level 020560 WQM Happy Thursday, 2 year.
501 hosts on the pool in that first hour.
That's pretty impressive, even though we wouldn't have met that, right?
Impressive.
Not, of course, with our heads start, our early bird voting.
The biggest problem with Dave County is it's a banana republic, 173.
Nobody's speaking English, 116.
Too many old right-wing Cubans, 92.
No question about that.
Incribles.
The traffic, 53.
You see the big drop off from that first three to the next one.
Mm-hmm.
The public fish in 27.
The non-Hispanic don't vote 23, which of course that ought to be like right near the top, or maybe even at the top.
Nothing.
Date is great.
Nine.
Nine.
Nine people say nothing's wrong with Dave County.
No problem.
And it's great.
And the mommy here only got eight.
Rhymes would great.
That's because probably most of those people don't read that fish wrapper.
And it's quite frankly a good choice.
Oh, look at that.
First ever marijuana regulation bill introduced.
In a historic first Vermont State representative Winston Dowland of Durby Line Vermont has introduced a bill to end marijuana prohibition in his state and replace it with a system of regulation.
You know since Ben and Jerry's came out, reminded me like, and isn't that the home of Howard Dean last time I checked?
A system of regulation, 8.390, co-sponsored by Representative David Dean, another Democrat from Westminster, is the first such bill ever introduced by state legislators.
This is the beginning of a much needed debate, not just in Vermont, but throughout the nation said Neil Levine, director of the State Policies for the Marigewini Policy Project in Washington DC.
We applaud Representative Dowland for having the balls to say something that most politicians have been afraid to acknowledge.
Marijuana prohibition is just as complete a failure as prohibition of booze was in the 1920s.
Amen.
But that ain't going to happen in America not in this climate that we live in right now.
No.
In this repressive boo-stepping climate in which you live.
Zion America is the same Poland.
WDQ-A-N, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Did you hear it?
WDQ-A-N, hello.
WDQ-A-N, hello.
You have a Q-A-N?
I got an answer already.
I'm sorry.
Does that count a male or a female if you had?
WDQ-A-N, hello.
567-0560.
This is a great star.
Let's see, how many was that that was like, over four, not too good.
Not too good.
Even so many are when littlely bad, it better than that.
WDQ-A-N, hello.
It's a male.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
If I may make a couple of comments on Governor Slingblay.
Yeah, Governor Fanace, yeah.
Yeah.
Some of them regarding the, you know, the, uh, plot machines.
And some of them just regarding education.
Regarding education, uh, this guy changes the vote every time somebody votes for something.
Reason number one here is, his new proposal is to offer teachers a $2,000 bonus a year.
If they decide to turn their back on the classroom size amendment.
So instead of dealing with the issue in hand.
What that's called is blackmail.
Exactly.
Instead of dealing with the issue in hand, which the people voted for enthusiastically, his idea to straighten it up is to offer a $2,000 bonus to teachers to take on an additional 8-12 students per classroom.
Sure. What's not to like about that? That's $40 a week.
This guy is a piece of garbage.
Just imagine all a lot of, a lot of retickets you can buy from $40 a week.
A piece of garbage.
Amen.
And only also to say real hard.
Where does man guy reelected is a, a stupid as the electorate is in Florida.
How does man guy reelected? Is that a, be one of the most incredible mysteries of all time?
One of the things that also did not come out by the way is the way that he tried at the last moment to sway voters in Broward was to say that if Broward passes the plot machine amendment,
that he was going to take the share, a fair share of that money and directed toward, um, vouchers for private school.
Oh, that's great.
So this guy has got his own, he doesn't know what the whole thing is.
That's all, that's what a dictator does. He just makes it up as he goes along.
He can't run his own family home in the health. Can anybody trust this jack off to run the state?
But I guess he's gotten some good stuff for Nuello.
He's garbage.
Have a great day, pal.
Maybe that garbage truck that picked up James Woods and wants to pot a time in America could pick up our fat ass governor.
Although I don't know if he could squeeze his ass in there, you know.
We could be a lot of, a lot of stuff flying on that garbage truck.
How many QA and hello?
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Uh, question.
I'm really confused about this vote, the way the vote went.
Uh huh.
Normally in a, uh, the very republic.
Yeah, right.
In a general election, all votes are counted.
I'm, I'm confusing myself.
The count is equally not counted by county.
Now, why would, why would this vote a county?
Because that's, that's what the measure was that was on about November, just just to allow Dade and Broward
to have, uh, the per mutual.
But what power Dade and Broward votes counted equally instead of, you know, Dade votes being, you know, counted here because the per mutual.
No, no, no, no, because each county had its own election, even though they were on the same day.
They could have had them on different days, but I mean, they just had it on the same day to simplify.
But they, there were two separate elections.
Uh, one in Dade and one in, um, right.
Well, in fact, the per mutual span both counties doesn't that count for something?
Right.
Yeah, but, but regardless of that, the per mutuals that are in Dade County,
they had to abide by the result of the Dade election.
Unfortunately, no ones in Broward.
That was, uh, their deal, two separate deals.
So how would we, do we screw that up too?
Right. Well, what do you mean?
I, I don't know how you could lump them both in together.
The idea was to have county, uh, left of voters in each county have control over their own choice, which is what people supposedly wanted for years.
Okay. Got you.
That's what we passed in November.
All right. Thanks. Thanks.
That's what they passed overwhelmingly in November in South Florida, by the way.
But the nevertheless, here's Bob and four Lauderdale faction says it seems to me that you have a Daya.
Uh, doesn't understand about the will of the people.
Oh, come on, Bob, come on.
Will of the people my ass.
Forget about it.
You're talking about a dictator.
Look at his brother.
Look at the whole family, man.
These are a bunch of crooks.
These are a bunch of Nazis.
Grand Paul was doing business with the Nazis.
They never met a Nazi.
They didn't like these are people doing business with Banda, or Bush with the whole Saudi world family.
Who are you, Kidman?
And by the way, thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you for raping the American public and doing away with those bankruptcy laws.
And thanks for the new budget that screws the middle and lower class.
And more tax cuts for the rich.
Thank you so much for the great way you're treating the veterans too.
And all those thousands of soldiers that you said are going to be slaughtered.
Who come home and can't get their benefits.
Thank you so much, Mr. President, the dictator.
PS, let him take his worthless cat test and shove it where the sunbone shine also.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Is F-Cat?
Maybe it's a two-headed F-Cat, you think?
Let's see.
Yeah, I think we got a two-headed Bush.
I think it's the same monster.
And keep in mind, by the way, that your governor, Jeff Bush, even though the media doesn't want to tell you about it,
he's a very prominent member of P-NAC, the project for a new American century,
a real Nazi organization if there ever was one.
Who are redrawing the map of the world and deciding, you know what this is like?
This is like the non-group at the hero world.
They sit around and have those meetings behind closed doors, those supposedly secret meetings.
And they decide, what's good for you, what's good for me, and what's good for South Florida.
And then they go, you know, go about their way of trying to like a brainwash the public
and propering the eyes to get their way.
Whoever elected anybody at the frickin' Miami Herald to decide what's good for South Florida, huh?
You losers, you, you quizzlings, you fairy Elva Chapman.
I like, I just love that.
Better so much.
See, when I saw that, it's the only heavy day.
Elf, you know, we're just ranting and raring.
You fairy.
It's just so beautiful.
Like Hop on the Talk to us, he leans up from the point of view.
Are you talking to me?
If I can hear something, the way that they're all talking to a Kevin Spacey in there is the way I would love to come back and talk to Greg Reed, if he ever comes back from his endless vacation.
I would just like to stand there and just spew all of that.
I would love it.
We'll put it on here.
You give me sexual assignment to do it.
You fairy.
WDQAM, hello.
I need a job.
Yeah, good.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Great job, man.
Love you.
More and over, you think about something.
The Senate killed the minimum wage thing.
I'm sure you know about that.
Yes, I just mentioned it.
And then in the same false swoop, besides the minimum wage, now you can't go bankrupt either.
Right.
So you can't go bankrupt and you can't get any more minimum wage, but it's the same time.
You better go step in the line, Mr. You're starting to ask some real nasty questions that I can't just call them up.
And you draw out a few through the A.M.
And then they give themselves raises and keep the drug companies from getting used to.
Right.
So why don't we have the same kind of drug companies?
Isn't it nice that the FDA suddenly had a change of heart after they were begged and pleaded with by mercineolily and Pfizer and all these other grave robbers?
Oh, well, maybe Viox isn't so bad and maybe Celebrix isn't so bad.
And let's put all of these things because they still got a whole crap load of them to try to sell now to pedal and they got to get their money out of it.
So we'll say, oh, you can still put it on a market.
We'll just warn you that it might be in my career.
What a popular crap.
The FDA might ask.
This is what the A stands for in FDA.
Oh, I was going to say the A stands for two right?
And then dumbass.
You should have on the money as usual, my man.
I'm on the money, all right.
That's the one.
We're more and more like the matrix every day.
I swear, I'm just a copper top.
Isn't it amazing that the public sits back and you talk about people who are easy to manipulate?
Even the Germans weren't this easy, you know?
I mean, you know, they should be thinking about this.
You know what?
Maybe I should be a Jewish kid in the head.
There you go.
That's what I am now, man.
They have no.
What are we talking about?
We're going to have everyone after us.
I better hang up before they come after me.
They're coming to you.
When you hear them, I kind of do a man.
I've had out of the bed.
Watch out for that two-headed can under.
Come in and maybe I'll get it'll get its heads together.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Martha, you are going to be one terrific, super, tremendous apprentice host.
Thank you, Donald.
I can't wait to say you're fired.
Easy, lady.
Those two words are trademarked.
But I've taken the liberty of writing down some alternate catchphrases for you.
Here, read the first one.
All right.
This is a tough one.
You've just been sold for a pack of cigarettes.
I don't like that one, Donald.
Too bad. That's one of my favorites. Read the next one.
Okay.
You're going up to the suite and you're going down to solitary confinement.
I'm not sure.
I thought it was pure gold.
Next one.
I have inside information.
You're out of here.
Beautiful.
Next.
I wouldn't hire you to work at Kmart.
Nice product placement.
It's showertime and you just dropped the silk.
Everyone's a winner.
Donald, I'm not paying any of these.
You drive a hard bargain, Martha.
I'll have Carolyn and George and Bill and Kelly come up with some new ones.
That would be a good thing.
No, no.
Anything but that stupid catchphrase.
Say it one more time. You'll fire it.
1119, what is he going to have my nerves or what?
In fact, even more so than her because she's like, you know, like non-existent in my world.
Okay.
But he just really aggravates the living crap on me.
Can I say that?
No.
Tribes to push for full range of casino gambling.
Tuesday's vote of proving slot machines give these.
Now, we had a call on this year today and I don't want to have to confuse the whole issue
because he went through this whole convoluted thing about it.
My, the courts will have to decide this, but nevertheless.
Tuesday's vote gives the Seminole and Mikrasuki tribes unwelcome competition.
But it also gives them leverage and their push to bring back nuts, just slot machines,
but crafts, blackjack and other biggest out gambling.
And they're Florida casinos.
Federal regulators said yesterday the state must now negotiate in good faith with the tribes on a gaming agreement
called a compact that would allow expanded gambling exchange for a chunk of the profits.
If Florida doesn't negotiate fairly, the secretary of the interior could ultimately give approval for it anyway
said Sean Panasonu spoke to the National Indian Gaming Commission.
Such a move is unprecedented in these sets in states usually reach agreements.
But of course, that's not Florida.
It's still early, but the NIGC thinks that this is greatly strengthened the tribes' position
that the state must negotiate a compact, Pensano said.
If the class of gaming is available in the state, then the tribes should be able to offer that class of gaming.
The tribes and federal government must wait to see how the state legislatures crafts the new law.
The federal government defines class three games as having odds that remain constant including crafts, blackjack,
roulette and traditional slot machines.
That's one of the open items Governor Jeff Bush said yesterday.
There's nothing in the initiative that said we have to have class three slots.
See, that's another reason he doesn't want to let the class three in because then it opens up the other stuff too.
And you know what they say?
Gambling is evil.
The evil door is gamble.
That's what the Bible says somewhere.
We haven't founded yet, but it says it's evil unless of course it's Church Bingo.
Right.
Right, look at that film man.
Are these people you see this is what really I don't know why I'm surprised.
I'm not.
They can do anything to you people no matter what it is that you do.
And you just said, you know, I'm the one that sits here gets all whipped up into a frenzy and I'm not even there.
What the why give a crap?
What do I give a crap?
Who now cares?
Yeah, but you're forgetting.
The far end.
And their friends sit on your ass and don't complain about it to me anymore.
Okay, if they want to have a plane old maid instead of a real slot machine, don't complain to me.
Especially you losers and they'd count you all sit on your ass on Tuesday.
Oh, it's raining a little bit and we really don't care and we're not going to go.
Oh, then too bad your mama.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I'm fired up about this scam one thing.
I just want to feed the one out of the bad ass governor here.
Yeah.
You know, it's how this is a family place.
I brought my kids on a beach place, a family atmosphere.
And you know what happened?
I got harassed by drunk.
Yeah.
Okay, so we went to the Seminole Hard Rock.
They did the one o'clock at a great time.
Mm-hmm.
Spend about 300 bucks.
You can wear a sickle of a crime there?
It's unbelievable.
It really is.
Yeah, by the gun on a dog's nose piece.
It's a thing on a machine.
He should bend over and then...
Okay, exactly.
That's what he's talking about, the Fed ass governor.
Well, it's a big target anyway.
There is just this neurotic, this sick, this twisted obsession with him in that state.
I have no idea what it's all about.
Why he's popular?
I just don't get it.
What is it that he's done?
Well, you have D.V. his plans.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
And in spite of that, he wins.
He doesn't just win.
He wins in a landslide.
I have a feeling that they were scared,
crapless, a Janet Reno.
I could be wrong.
I think they were the ones that got Bill and Brian in there.
Just like the Carl Roll crowd were the ones that got John Kirin there instead of...
and got Howard Dina, the real quick...
I was scared of it.
What do you mean by that?
Not the theater.
He's got a lot of votes in the Cuban community.
Yeah, right.
From all those...
Ilianitos.
Right.
Ilianistas.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sitting here and day pissed off as usual.
Yeah.
That's what it does to you.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to Broward in the next step of Canada.
And George, you're a factor.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Here's one good one for you.
The mayor of Hollywood, I think it's Mayor Galanti.
Yeah.
She was talking against Casino's because it would bring crime and bring more money for public
services.
But then she turned around and when they opened up the Indian hard rock casino, she was all
all-all and she was there cutting ribbons and doing all these wonderful things.
I wonder how many stacks of cash she's got hiding under my table somewhere that big.
Well, it's no different in downtown Hollywood that's getting billed up and one of the builders
and developers had to be her son-in-law.
Uh-huh.
Have a great day.
Life is a beach baby.
Don't forget it.
5, 6, 7.
I mean, it's just Gypsy's tramps and thieves.
Those are the people running south Florida.
Running it into the ground.
Oh, we made it what it is today.
Any group of people, I would say that.
Boy, I'd run for the hills after saying that.
Anybody wants to take credit for making stuff?
Or the outdoor toilet that it is today?
I mean, once upon a time it was an outdoor funeral home.
But at least, you know, you know what to expect.
It was a lot more planted than what it is now.
Now it's just rampant chaos where every group is chasing the other group farther and farther.
Pretty soon most of the people I used to live in, they're kind of going to be living like in Fort Pierce.
Buffalo, I'd say.
No, not a good choice.
WNQAM, hello.
How about Funbag?
How about what?
Funbag.
Craig.
Oh, Funbag.
Maybe he's squeezing it right now.
Sound like it.
What do you mean, crank?
How about Funbag?
WNQAM, hello.
Yeah, speak to me.
Speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
All right.
The Cuban people, you should give a credit to them because they've given you material throughout the years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's a bit of excuse for what they're doing today, County, right?
That's a real good rationalization.
And also, there's a pivot point.
Okay, let me tell you again.
That's a real good rationalization for always go stepping to the right wing crap, okay?
And to make you an embarrassing and humiliating the County in which you live.
You see, if you want to take it personalized as an ethic thing, then go right ahead because that's generally the way people react anyway.
Oh, what are you picking on the Cubans for?
You know exactly what segment I'm picking on and always have and always will.
Those people need to be removed, man.
And they need to be, we need a people transplant.
Those people need to be sent to South Dakota.
North.
Or who the hell cares?
I'll give a quote to Scott in the comments.
You're allowed to pick them far away so that they can't hock to all the people there.
Oh, if you're down, nobody up there's going to give a crap about Fidel, okay?
And if you're a great leader, Bush, if he was a real man, instead of going over there and making up all these stories about invading Sodom and all this other crap, instead of that kind of garbage, he'd be right down there.
You would already have Fidel out of there. We'd have him with his head in a noose.
And by the way, speaking of Sodom, a former US marina participated in capturing Ausdit Iraqi president Sodom Hussein,
said the public version of his capture was fabricated.
X-Sargent Nadim Abu Rabbe of Lebanese descent was quoted in the Saudi daily El Medina Wednesday yesterday,
saying that Sodom was actually captured Friday December 12, 2003, and not today after is announced by the US Army.
I was among the 20-man unit, including eight of her percent, who searched for Sodom for three days in the area of Dauer near Tekreet.
And we found him in a modest home in a small village, and not in a hole is announced.
We captured him after first resistance during which a marina, soon in these origins, was killed.
He said, Sodom himself parted them with a gun from the window of a room on the second floor, then they shouted at him in Arabic.
You have to surrender. There's no point in resisting.
Later on, a military production team fabricated the firm of the film of Sodom's capture in a hole, which was in fact a deserted well.
I think your government would lie to you, just like that stage carrying out of the statue there in Iraq,
that CNN was all set up and ready to do a film for you.
I mean, Jesus, one of you people are going to wake up and step the daffodils and stop believing the lies.
That's their specialty, do a juror, man. The lie of the day. The big LIE.
Which interesting enough, that was the Nazi specialty, too.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, IRS tax problems have way of ruining all the aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally, just like our sales department.
You can never really forget about the IRS problems they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat.
Well, CPA Genie Buckwald and the Buckwald Tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind.
Which is why other top CPA law firms are further clients, too, the Buckwald Tax firm when they have problems with the IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now, maybe this may be you have an IRS lien, a wage levy, O payroll taxes and penalties, a lot of settle for thousands less than the only time to pay whatever the deal.
The Buckwald Tax firm can help you out. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately from IRS to my estimate, if not sooner and best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS either.
Because the Buckwald Tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions, you don't have to go.
Call them today with the O-10 Grand, 100 grand, a million, anything in between an IRS taxes. These are the people who can help you out the Buckwald Tax firm.
Call 954-575-2800 today for a free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com. That's 954-575-2800.
You are the same as me, the real Rogers, exclusively on 560-1800.
It leaves a good take to knowledge.
If you're a fan of the Popeel Pocket Protector, you'll love Ron Popeel's newest invention that's so good, it's not available in stores.
Presenting the Ronco Nerdy Spring Break Kit.
Oh, well, I had an antisopea, and a tazie goes back and alien testivities.
Well, now you can, because the Ronco Nerdy Spring Break Kit comes complete with everything you see here.
Sublock with an SPF of 987, Flabber Mutashoort, a Star Trek Voyager T-shirt, and Black Knee High Sox. How much would you pay for something like that?
Well, that depends entirely upon fluctuating global rate kits.
But don't answer yes, because if you order now, you'll also receive a giant P-Chomp relic and a book on quantum physics through B-Ball hot chicks and bikinis walk right past you.
Look at that jar.
Please, the maker, equate, and as it were, you're in top to me.
Don't go away. Pick up your mom's phone and order the Ronco Nerdy Spring Break Kit while the fly's last.
So why is that no chance of running out anytime soon?
Just set it and forget about it.
27.0560WDQM, and I'm just forget about it.
Well, how are David or two in the Man Dog and Four?
And then we got that basketball crap at 630.
Look at that, full of manner. These people whipped up into a frenzy or what?
Like I said, I throw in the towel. I surrender. I wave the white flag, the same one I wave to our sales department yesterday, just to do whatever you want.
Just cash the check, like Berkeley said. Although I sure hope it shows up. It's kind of hard to cash with it, isn't sure what.
But aside from that, because this crowdman is just as indifferent and passive and, you know, there's just no passion.
I'll say it again. Why is it going to change? It's not ever.
We could come back 7,000 years from now. It's going to be the same as Swill.
567.0560.0.560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
And this is why they run over you, man. Like they're like they're driving a tank.
Like a mech truck. Just rolling right over your limp useless bodies.
In fact, take a look at the poll. You see, you didn't want to take the blame themselves.
It's always somebody else's fault. 631 votes. The biggest problem with Dave County is it's a banana republic 215.
Nobody's speaking in English 148. Too many old right wing Cubans 121. The traffic 61 of public season 35.
The non-Hispanic dollar vote only 27.
Yes, they're making your memory is bad. But on Tuesday, it seems to me that's only two days ago.
Or a day and a half ago when you come right down to it. Nothing. They just grade 14, 2.2%. Right.
And the Miami hero 2010. They love the hero. It's a masterful piece of Swill. WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, you know, when Joseph L. Bush was running against McBride, the poll showed them at almost a dead heat.
And then mysteriously after the election, Bush went by this landslide.
Yeah. You're not suggesting another fixed election in Florida. Are you sure just like the one in Dave on Tuesday night?
Well, what's funny is that we preach to all these other countries from our high before it's about democracy.
And we have to have observers watching them. And we don't even have that gone on over here.
We had international observers watching the 2004 presidential election in the last election.
We had international observers. That's how trustworthy we are now.
And they still didn't get it right. They still didn't catch the die-bowl to fix in Ohio.
Well, you can't see what's going on inside those wires. You know, the other thing is that Carrie just played, rolled over and played dead for George Bush.
I mean, there were both members of this secret society over there at Yale. And instead of challenging, I think we're doing a secret handshake behind the scenes of the S-May.
Well, I think there was a lot of palm scratching going on there.
More than there's scratching more than their palm.
That's what I'm saying.
Anyway, you know what? I'm moving out of Florida here in about 10 months.
Yeah.
And I also have 29 years of the job. So I want to wish you a happy anniversary. I know exactly how it feels 29 years old will each up.
Thanks a lot, pal. Good luck, you're good move.
Here's your guys getting out. The good people, so many of them getting out, man.
When a doubt they get the hell out. I mean, just, you know, you like the sunshine and the palm trees and the mosquitoes and things like that.
But they're just so much, man. They're just so much just overwhelming. It just beats you down every single day.
Like being beaten up with a sledgehammer every single day. Like trying to climb straight uphill, you know.
W-2-A-M, hello.
Hey, oh, I want to go. Very good.
All right. You know, I want to get on that point about the people.
Usually if they push, tell them to jump off a cliff, those out to high.
But Hansa, that's a good start.
It's ridiculous because it's not the same people have been streaming for 40 years.
The same thing about the developer, and then for what I think I haven't been into the policy for a long time.
But it started going against the Democrats and the federal republic after this early on thing.
Is that how they get to the world?
They've been voting Republicans since the day that they got their toe wet on the put it on the shore.
It's because anybody to the left of Hitler is communist, they're communist.
Don't forget these people. There were never was any democracy in Cuba.
These people lived under a right-wing dictatorship under a fascist, Fohensio Batista, who was a totally corrupt.
See, to probably be a know that the people, it's just like with Bush, the haves were doing great under Batista.
The people that had the money, had the skills and the education. They were doing great.
They loved the fascists. They never had a fascist in like...
They were nothing about democracy and about freedom.
And these versions, they keep voting against their interests.
They're like sheep, because if they have an R after the name, whatever they do is good for them.
It's just like these bushels and these evangelical people that have these proud sheep.
There are a lot of people who like sheep, you know what I'm saying?
One other point.
I'd be proud of it too when he came right down to it.
I think this guy is still hypocritical. He's just pushed because...
I saw, remember when the Eileen War knows this guy was just jumping at the bitch who's too executed?
And he turned around at the camera and has a face that says he's pro-life.
And as soon as he gets down...
He only pro-life for Terry Shival and the fetus huggers. That's what he's pro-life.
We should lynch him.
I think we ought to take the two-bottom Terry's nose and stick it up in his...
That's what we ought to do.
Big target, like I said. Have a great day, my lady.
I'll see you.
Oster came, you'll be the spy.
6705, 6705.
We're going to start broadcasting.
It's fine, you old tomorrow.
No picket, English here, man.
No obli-engly, sa-ki.
We know where it is.
Where it's going.
We see the handwriting on the wall.
And in English, I'll take you that.
Foreign country in my ass.
I got that man.
And then every public day in Miami, they'd...
That's it.
How many QAMs? Hello?
Yeah, I'm calling. I was wondering...
You guys are setting up something on Andrew's Avenue.
We're setting up something on Andrew's Avenue. What does that mean?
For Lauderdale.
Setting up what?
Setting up what?
That's a third of the scene.
Oh, yeah, QAM. We're setting something up.
That's going to be our Broward Studios on Andrew's Avenue.
Yeah.
Right where Reno's used to be.
Maybe the van.
I'll pick the name of that restaurant.
That was a good place to have the good joint. Reno's.
Do you ever eat there?
I can't recall.
Oakland Park Boulevard and Andrew's Avenue.
I'm sure it's under a different ownership.
We've discussed that before.
Good hot dogs and burgers and stuff.
Get it, Reno.
What?
Get it, Reno's?
No, not Janet Reno's not that butch.
I heard that the QAM has...
Hi, Neil.
You know, I find the British hypocrisy just amazing.
Not surprising, but amazing.
Here's a job complaining about having lots of seven places
while his brother runs around the country trying to get people to be able
to life's savings in this dark heart.
Exactly. Good point.
Right.
And when you people please stop saying can I speak to Neil?
She's a poor screen whisperer.
So, water's unbelievable.
100 years.
Oh, nearly.
At least about 30.
He lives in happy anniversary and I know you can't change the world
but you make it a little more tolerable for me every day.
Notice all the pieces of the puzzle are starting to fit together.
Say them saying.
Have a great day, Palli.
Thanks.
What is a good guy?
I see it goes to Shrew.
You can take about 100 calls.
You get somebody's like a fairly rational.
Let me add a couple.
Hey, by the way.
Yes. By the way, something.
There's a van hit going on on Andrew's Avenue at Triple A appliance.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Let me ask you a question.
Uh-huh.
That call that we just had.
You kind of just sent something up on that.
Now, was that like an inside job?
I mean, see, I don't get any of these liners anymore.
Well, no, no.
That's the rejoin I just came back with.
I just didn't really listen.
But it has no impact.
Nobody listens to those.
It's like that treasure rather thing.
Nobody's paying anything.
With Joe, Eugene, QAM and Bokie, Brian.
Nobody's paying any attention there.
When the king speaks, man, that's when they listen.
That's when they open up their ears and their other parts.
And they listen, man, they absorb it.
I'm not against the reading those liners.
Uh-huh.
Nothing to be fired then or read a snappy liner.
If, of course, I'm right.
It just drives.
Unless you have to go to South Carolina with Susan Smith, that bitch.
Well, why the hell is she still alive?
She was on the biography of the other night.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
They didn't want to kill one of their own.
Well, you know, something they deserve Susan Smith, all in Mugwomps in South Carolina.
I'll kill her.
I think just, you know, because like Peter Marshall used to say on Hollywood Squares,
Turn around his fair play, I think the Dark Post in South Carolina should have lynched her ass.
How do you like that?
Yeah, just for special.
She made a best story about some black guy, you know, took the kids.
Yeah, right.
Nice.
Two friends.
You look, and by the way, you should kid, even though he's a Mugwomp,
and when he speaks, it makes you a lot of farts.
You should kiss the ground at that David at your ex-husband, man.
It would even touch you, honey.
He sure has got a pretty mouth.
It's your listening to Neil Rogers' exclusive.
It's the TVAM.
Absolutely.
Deal, God.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You're talking about people.
Yeah, yeah, or about people.
Yeah, yeah, I'm falling with the fake news.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're gonna go and find them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, find them back out.
Yeah, yeah, we're gonna find my girl.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just sit over there and hear me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're not being heard.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
You gotta kiss your left and someone.
Well, there's a question that his behavior is certainly
that of an innocent man.
You know what?
The judge has just issued a bench warrant in LA for Michael Jackson
because he was late to court.
You see where he went?
Where'd he go?
Take it to hospital again for reported bank problem.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You're on anybody this time.
Yeah, the problem is gonna have to clear out the whole
of Florida hospital.
So, a bunch of other people who are like an emergency surgery,
you're gonna have to like be surgery interruptus
and probably croak over there because Michael's got a bad back.
I heard he was bending over backward to cooperate.
First of all, when he saw that little kitty of the day
the one he molested, who was he kidding?
Is there anybody with a brain who thinks that he's innocent?
No.
So, I think you have nothing to be finer than to read a snappy line.
I think you have a really other pages from Bell Stop today.
Noon to one.
That's what that caller was trying to talk about.
Inarticular caller who was like,
I'm not Andrew Zavidu, Noon to one.
A AAA appliance at 430 North End Reservant on 4 Lauderdale
stopped by to win our usual crappy and embarrassing and humiliating QA and prizes.
But, you can register to win tickets through upcoming Marlon's home game.
And what does that mean?
Register to win tickets.
What is that?
Drawing a record.
Oh, get out of town.
What are you talking about?
No, seriously.
Register to win tickets.
You have to register.
Can't they even spin the wheel?
There's no wheel.
Why not?
Not at the bad hits.
I probably reconcreds a gun and that gila meat.
Yeah.
And thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
First we got the Michael Jackson story.
He's back in the hospital again.
Even the Mafios are jealous of his shenanigans and antics to avoid facing the,
what do they call it?
Spanish acquisition.
That's it.
Gas tuffs, $2 a gallon.
Thank you, L. President, they booed you.
Thank you, Mr. Dictator.
We're in low gas prices, man.
We're invading your back and sticking up our hose to it.
I paid $2 30 yesterday.
That's for premium, I'm assuming.
Diesel.
Diesel?
Yeah.
Holy moly, you know Janet Reno?
He knows her well.
I hope you're very careful where you're sticking that hose.
Triple A says, serving gasoline futures are to blame,
still below record high of $205.
But it's on the way.
They say by summer it's going to be like $2.252.50.
Oh, and you know something?
I forgot this to story.
We had the other good news from Iraq earlier today.
Just a whole bunch of it.
Pages and pages of it now.
A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a Shi'ai mosque
during a funeral today in the northern city of Mosul,
killing at least 30 people.
But 30, man.
Witnesses and hospital officials be saying,
hours after gunming killed two district police
to use in Baghdad, things are going swimmingly well.
And, I don't know what is this.
George's buddy, Andre and Westchester, is this something
I really care about?
I don't know.
I'd like to vote in machines.
80% of all votes in America are counted by only two companies,
die bold and ESNS.
There's no federal agency with regulatory authority
or oversight of the U.S. voting machine industry.
The Vice President died bold and the president of ESNS
are brothers.
The chairman CEO of Die Bold is a major Bush campaign
organizer and donor who wrote in 2003 that he was committed
to helping Ohio deliver its elective votes to the president.
A Republican Senator Chuck Hagel used to be chairman of ESNS.
He became senator based on votes counted by ESNS machines.
Chuck Hagel long connected with the Bush family
was recently caught lying about his ownership of ESNS
by the Senate Etherks Committee.
He was on a short list of Bush's vice presidential candidates.
ESNS is the largest voting machine manufacturer in the U.S.
and counts almost 60% of U.S. votes.
Die Bold's touchscreen voting machine, I mean we know all of this.
Die Bold's touchscreen machines have no paper trail.
There's no way to verify that the data coming out of the machine
is the same as what was put in by voters.
Die Bold employed five convicted felons as consultants
and developers to outright the central compiler computer code
that counted 50% of the votes in 30 states.
The third line!
Nevertheless, you don't think our country would like fixed elections
in Iowa's day?
No way.
There it goes.
Now, let's figure the 50%.
This is my goal now.
I've got another 50% story on here every day.
Say better, I get busy.
You like it and shoot up a whole bunch more rappers, okay?
Way to be hit.
Rappers, 50% and the game made nice yesterday.
Doing an appearance at a renowned Harlem charity
signally a thaw on their headline grabbing feud.
We're here to show that people can rise above
even the most difficult of circumstances.
And together we can put negativity behind us at 50%
whose name of course is Curtis Jackson.
I'm almost ashamed to have participated in the thing
that went on last couple of weeks at the game whose name is
JC On Terror referring to last week's shooting outside
hot 97.
I heard a member of his posse.
I'm here and I'm a polygedic, he said.
Is that a polygedic or apoplectic?
His posse.
Is that the posse comatotis?
The pair also announced a mutual beef not giving back to the community.
The rappers held up oversized cardboard checks.
50% of group in Jamaica, Queens, not Jamaica lives in the island month.
Jamaica, Queens, Dode, that's the wrong island.
Dode, 150,000 of the Harlem boys choir while the game of
Compton, California gave 103 grand of the Compton Unified
School District Music program.
Oh, I'm sure he knows a lot about music, the game.
Outside and inside the auditorium dozens of city police officers
and private security guards kept their watchful eyes.
Whose follows last week's shooting outside hot 97
Greenwich Village.
Police said a member of the game's posse was shot three times.
Outside the studio after a confrontation over a 50 cent
decision to kick the game out of his entourage, G unit.
The rappers themselves were out involved in the melee.
The rappers also came as 50 cents new album,
The Massacre released days after the shooting sold an estimated
million copies this week.
I think it's fantastic for that part of American culture
that really embraces this kind of low life, violent,
aberrant mentality.
I think it's fantastic.
They got their own music, you know?
Yeah, well, everywhere else.
682 votes on the poll.
The biggest problem, let's go on.
I mean, this is very embarrassing for Mezzero.
He is a lawyer with an impeccable reputation.
You know, when you have a client out on bail,
you are essentially as the lawyer vouching for the fact that he will appear every day.
And the fact he issued a bench warrant, wouldn't that be great if they threw his ass in the slamer?
Oh, they're arrested.
Oh, yeah, they don't like those peanut files on the inside, man.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, remember Father Gagan?
I wonder how he's doing.
Father Gagan.
682 votes on the poll.
It's creeping along.
The biggest problem in date with Dave County is it's a banana republic 227.
Nobody's speaking English.
162.
Oh, I saw great bumper sticker the other day.
I don't know what state it was from.
Maybe actually it was an Ontario plate, but it had all kinds of bumper stickers slapped all over it.
It said, welcome to America.
Now speak English.
Now?
Yeah, now.
It's in right now.
Speak it English.
Anyway, nobody speaks English in day 162,
which have been hearing that forever and ever.
Is it ever going to change?
No, I don't forget about it.
It's a language as a weapon, just like the French.
Too many old right-wing Cubans, 134.
The traffic, 63, a big drop off from those first three that seem to be tied together,
inextricably woven, whatever that means.
The traffic, 63, the politicians only 39.
The non-Hispanic don't vote has got only about 30 men,
which of course is a travesty, and a classic example of people refusing to take responsibility
for their own inactions.
Nothing, date is great.
14, that's a whole 2% on nearly 700 votes.
14 of them say, oh, another wrong with date, it's great.
And the Mimeo hero 13, that's it.
Carl Heisen, you sell out, you phony, you lying, sacked a craft.
You are just as low as the amenities that are just scraping around the bottom
at the, wherever the hell you're hanging out, by the barnacles there.
The Manatee hugger, Carl Heisen.
They ever see him and Dave Berry together, and Tom Feeder, same person,
different trench coat.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of the gas prices, I got a question.
Why is diesel higher than even super?
Diesel is always higher because it takes,
it's the least refined, the least refined and easiest to produce.
Well, ask the people in Amico, man.
I'll take you to get it, that's why.
Yeah, because they'll get whatever they can else squeeze it out of you, man.
I drive a truck and I've got to call it, try my customers, that's the money now.
And, you know, everybody says that everything you fetch is one ton of trucks,
so it's going to ruin the economy, I think.
Well, I'm telling you, man, those diesel bikes are going to kill us,
but before they're done, Rosie, Janet, Ellen, 5670560,
now, Kristie Elley, what's her story?
Please don't tell me, she's another fact.
Well, we don't care.
Well, who cares, you know, how could anybody find it anyway?
A lot of them.
The other two A and hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was reading that article, the one where they were comparing what happened in Germany,
whatever, and what's going on in America today.
And when you get to the very end there, because I met you when you were talking about it,
when you said you could see the W Morphantoulai swastika,
and just put a shutter down your spine, just reading all that and what's going on.
It just, there should be somebody out there who could morph that and put it on your website.
Yeah.
The thing I do is cross the dumps, they make the V's, the V's, or I'm sorry, they can do V's.
Yes, it's pretty easy, right?
Yes, pretty easy, but it'll be pretty interesting to see that,
but it just sort of shuttered down my spine.
Can I make a suggestion?
Yes, sir.
So you were talking about the Cubans and the Leboblobs.
The Cubans, the Cubans.
The Cubans.
Who is the biggest sellout to their people?
Like right now, you know, you got some of these Gays, like 25% voter for Bush,
and then the Catholics voter for Bush, and then even the Jews, 25% voter for Bush.
It's funny you mentioned that.
I was thinking about that as a pull just yesterday.
So it must be a psychic connection there.
I was thinking about, no, no, it's a tough choice.
But the right wing Jews, the right wing Gays, the right wing blacks.
It's, you know, you've had your Allen keys, and you've had David from,
and a bunch of other self-hating right wing Jews.
Who we leave out.
And of course, Ms. Fudge and all of those other self-hating facts,
Jeff Ganon, Dukhurt, this crowd.
Right.
I'm going to print them out.
We'll do that.
Maybe we'll do that pull tomorrow.
I'm going to print them out as Catholics.
Yeah.
And he, I try to tell him, you know, there's a lot of Protestants and Bible sufferers
who will never vote for Catholics.
And he's like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
On PICC, C-A-M.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q-A-M.
All right.
Remember the Iraqi celebrations as they voted for the first time, January 30th.
Remember those images, voters holding their index fingers high.
Purple E income the fingertips proving they had voted.
Well now you two can feel the pride, courage and excitement they felt with Krayola's new,
fingertip courage.
Hey look, my fingertip is purple and I feel so proud and courageous.
Each kit comes complete with a vial of purple ink and easy to follow instructions.
Wow, you've got a purple fingertip too.
You must be proud, courageous and exciting.
Hey, and your fingertip is brown.
Oh, yeah.
Always.
Give it two quack.
Yay!
Krayola's new fingertip courage.
Hey, and your fingertip is green.
Yeah, I'm Peris Hilton's boyfriend.
Yay!
Just 1995 in the Yards and Crafts section of your favorite department store.
Come on to it, 560 WDQ.
I'm happy a Thursday to you.
We got 1235 for Michael Jackson to show up in court.
That's 935 Pacific time.
Or he's going to get his ass arrested.
Ooh, yeah.
And it says Jackson posted three million dollars bail would lose the money if he's arrested.
But he's on his way right now.
And it says, it's on way for Bronco or in a big black limo.
Want to take your choice.
Maybe A.C.
Cowling is in a back seat with him, you think?
A.C.
A.C.
Michael Jackson was late for his trial today in the California judge trying to pop Superstar
Childblemal Station City with issue a bench warrant for Jackson's arrest if he doesn't appear in court within an hour.
That was at 1135 this morning, our time, which means by 1235 our time, which isn't about 32 minutes not to be exact.
The order by Superior Court Judge Rodney Melville came whatever.
The dramatic developments today came in the dramatic developments.
The accuser in Jackson's Childblemal Station trial was scheduled to return to the witness stand.
Michael Jackson's defensive attorney told a judge today that Jackson is in a hospital with a back problem.
But the judge said he'll issue a bench warrant for Jackson's arrest and forfeit that three million dollars bail if Jackson didn't appear in an hour,
which he's now got 31 minutes in counting.
Okay.
Put that clock on her.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
We got that ticker.
Who I am.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Yes, plenty of you talking about this.
I tell you a funny story.
I lived in Broward like 22 years.
I knew there were the West Coast.
I'm over here in most visits.
But this morning, before I left, I heard an over news.
It surprised me that you should have known when the Broward
was really upset about what Bush is doing.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
They don't care.
And there was something I scattered in the resolving.
home now because either they were used to be run by a dictator now they got one
dog again. Exactly correct you they never met a fascist they didn't like
and have a great day you got your thumb right on it. 5 6 7 0 5 you know something
like I started to say before and I as usual rudely interrupted myself with
that final line up. What's you know well there's nothing I'm gonna do about it
right just just you know tape the crap and sit back and enjoy you know like a
rape case just sit back and enjoy it and smile and pretend you're having a
good time. That's all. Play back and think of England because they're gonna do
whatever they want to do to you it's the most passive place like a
jello would be an under him. In fact Bill Cosby's probably upset about that
that's the insult of the jello lovers. Like maybe Tappy O'Couple putting you
know there's just limp really sad. 29 years and nine days of this trying like
wake the dead trying like a squeezed blood out of a turnip. Just can't do it man
like trying to squeeze water out of a bowling ball. What kind of tough can't do
it. WNQ I am hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes I am. Cool. Hey long time
first time. Okay. Hey can I switch gears a second. First of all I'm not on
line nine am I. No. How is that determined by the way. If somebody calls in how do you
just say that line nine is the long distance line it's a different number. Oh
could you make a ton of people. Anyway because it's the most of the people are
calling nine deserve it. Oh okay. Hey you know what I'm from down here long
time now. I'm so sorry. Yeah I know I'm so weak now I can't get myself out of here.
Yeah. Anywho. Chuck thing. I've over the years the long over the years I've heard
you speak of Chuck's Inc. Yeah well I was the guy that had to retrieve his teeth
from that glass of tropical acres one time and it was embarrassing. Oh that's gross.
There was. Anyway you know I he had to finish in him. Oh he had a show in Miami
like in the morning. Well my cousin and I we were on that show when we were
little kids like. Wow. I'll be damned. Well you know what he used to do with
spot for velvety farms. Yeah and he would eat the vanilla ice cream I know you
don't like vanilla ice cream but you know little kids like all kinds of ice cream.
Yeah because little kids had no clue right they're tasteless. And my cousin he was
he was kind of fat and he was hungry and we wanted some ice cream and this is
true I swear and we I had asked him if we could have ice cream. Yeah and he said
there wasn't enough but he was sitting there eating it. Right with that guy scrubby
I think his name was scrubby he used to play the organ his organ. Well he used to play his organ
well I think that's the end of that call. Five six seven we don't know why we pick it on
a poor skipper up chuck. Can you believe that? We like skipper up chuck on an
issue he's a good guy he's 110 years old he's you know doing cemetery village
spots and colossal back spots and things like and so we did find his teeth in a
place one you know that was a good show. Screw these punks in the little
gallery that they have. Yeah they have your parents right?
They're for the stars like right. We're from skipper up chuck okay when you're
a star broadcasting as we well know where the guys to get the free food you go buy
your own. The guy who's already fat in the skipper chuck. Exactly how we saved his life
fat tub of crap. Somebody can chew a anelo. Yeah nearly knowledgeable one listen can you
maybe help me out whatever happened to this Alaska last it Alaska pipeline where we were never
going to have to depend on foreign oil. Come on cut the grill if you call up Randy Rhodes okay
come up Al Franken and Catherine Lampere okay but he'll ask a pipeline I don't want to it's
boring okay. Boring. The Alaska pipeline has got nothing to do with the Saudi
royal family don't you understand man when you've been to find they open up your eyes and see
what's going on around you man. When he's going to sniff the daffodils and the pansies and the
lilacs for Christ's sakes. Its rape is what it is the rape of the consumer and we keep being told
oh but what a bargain is in Europe it's like four bucks a gallon of most pleasant and you're
only paying two bucks it's a real bargain. Right. I would love to know what banned our bush and
George W. We're talking about on the balcony there at the White House today following 911 on 912
whereas they were walking around with a glass of wine and banned our bush with smoking his big fat
stokey. I would love to have been a fly in a wall here in that conversation wouldn't you yes yeah
I got to live there. Yeah I sure do as well because all of the shenanigans all of the stuff that's
going on right now not any of it could have taken place without 911 not the single slightest bit of it
from the Patriot Act to the hose attack in Iraq all of this other stuff which by the way there are
thousands and thousands and thousands of that Iraqis now and but who's counting not to mention
the 10 to 15 thousand wounded American soldiers which we don't hear very much about that because
it's too embarrassing because when they come back to this country they get screwed we don't care
about them no more and then if we can patch him up and get him back in at least two or three pieces
we send him back again for another rack attack because we love we're running short all this crap
about how we're going to like go into Syria yeah we should live so long we're going into Syria we
can't even handle a rack to slaughterhouse but let's talk about the good things that are going on
there right look how it canestays perfect after we went oh yeah look at the great job that they've
been with the women over there they're still walking around with a little worker three three
yeah right 731 votes although I will say this lot of his panics must have moved their act of
that war because they're all running around saying I poppy yes there are 731 votes the biggest
problem with Dave County speaking of aforementioned is it's a banana fricking republic 248 and of
course the people will say that are absolutely correct and man if we have any man's out there all
the one I don't think so nobody's speaking in grace 172 too many role right wing Cubans 142
the traffic 67 you see the huge drop off I mean you're you know you choose to have a lot of
votes 67 but a big drop off from those top three that are intertwined they are interwoven man
they're related like everybody named Gonzalez and Martinez they're related and Rodriguez
the politicians 41 the non-Hispanic don't vote only 31 votes for that oh yeah that's right
it's easier for you people that said on your fat ass on Tuesday and Dave County now it's them
Cubans fought not us that we said that we let a small handful of people banana vote people led by
our right wing fascist fat ass governor decide what was going to happen is it makes no difference to
and gonna change my life see this is the county where the area not just Dave but they don't care
enough to send it very best they don't care enough to send anything as we discover just about
every day on the show for 29 years they don't give a craft to send anything 31 votes my big fat
pimpley smelly butt nothing date is great 17 or eight not wrong with a 2% 2.3% and the mommy
hurled 13 12 13 when that's an unlucky number be sure and tell what's his name that Ruby Young okay
you know even after all this time some people still think it's really dangerous to buy a bit
over the phone kind of a strange deal it's a smart way to shop trust me when I've done it for years
when you call 1-800 macros the number for dollar macros you'll find out that they've got the
most liberal exchange policy so there is absolutely no risk did you know that 1-800
macros is more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry so once you try you'll never
go back to a showroom again you'll get no nonsense no run-around no showroom shenanigans just
factory direct prices and the breast brands you know what trust you know we left off Mr. Ego
from that point yesterday speaking of take a risk do over oh yeah we better do the poorly and
we let Steve came off at air Mr. Ego oh geez you ought to get a voter too when you call 1-800
macros you'll be calling the company rank number one customer satisfaction and they carry all
the top brands in the mattress business not some off names they never heard of they got the best
silly sirda Simmons King Coral Temporpetic and even Steerons and Foster Hewitt and now
the auto macros offers no payments or interest until 2006 so call him today for all the details
even more Jorge Miguel thank boy and yours truly satisfied customers for a long time because
is the only smart way to buy you a mattress right over the phone so call him right now or log
out of their website mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES I looked up trainees
um
my
I'm a side that's a good fight
With every single thing that's just your side
Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
I'm a side that's a good fight
I'm a side that's a good fight
I'm a side that's a good fight
You say, Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
You say, Jesus, we're God
We say, Jesus, we're God
We rapping and clapping
Lawrence is something we know
I'm going to talk to you about the rest of the stories we've gone through.
I'm going to talk to you about the stories we've gone through.
I'm going to talk to you about the stories we've gone through.
I got asked why I read yesterday by Doug Thompson, the Governor of Blue, the American
Hitler.
So I was working at CHIMP.com today, and plus of course our website, the
Internet and the Internet and the Internet and the Internet and the Internet and the Internet.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Great article.
That is some right on it.
Anyway, Michael's on his way.
This is a more melodrama, more stage BS.
Go in there.
That's typically the first door outside the...
He's only got 15 minutes to get there.
He's going to put his ass in his nose and jail.
And to arrive, he knows that if he's out here, everybody expects that Mr. Jackson will be here shortly.
He must be sweating bullets right now because this is not obviously very good for him.
Yeah, and you know what's Tom Mezzaro's hair turned white for his client.
And the judge has been so forgiving and understanding and solicitous of this jury.
That he doesn't want to upset them.
He knows they have lies.
He knows it's going to be a long trial.
And you know what's how he keeps saying, no, is no.
It's not for himself because he's upset about the court.
But because he doesn't want Mr. Jackson to disrespect the jury in a time that jurors are taking in order to be here every single day for this case.
All right, Miguel. Let me just give him quickly back in. Jeff, while we wait for Michael Jackson to show up a bit.
We're showing a shot outside the courthouse there.
Car is going by. Not the one we're looking for yet.
Not the whiteboard, Bronco. Not the black Lincoln limo.
I see a tree.
I see a big tree all there.
Yeah, not a palm tree like you'd expect in California.
But a big like, hey, what is that?
I don't know. It might be a fight.
It's like an Elm tree. It looks like to me.
Piece of crap. Maybe it's a fight history.
But anyway, there's a bunch of, but at least four people out there.
So obviously there's tremendous interest.
Oh, yeah. What a crowd. Look at that.
It's almost as big as that crowd.
It was there to see the Sodom statue yank down at the, I'll see it and just happen to be there with their cameras and Christiana Ammanpur.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, you got a laugh, folks.
You got a laugh. You got to think with a several grains of salt because the American public is just like that scene in network.
We're afraid that away is talking about they've, they've shot up, screwed themselves, limped and all of you know that's you I'm talking about.
They just don't give a flying rats ass anymore.
So that's one thing about the right wingers.
And two days election was a good example of that.
You know what they did that pulling about Republicans voting so heavily against the slots.
They're motivated, man. See, not that many were motivated because only 14% showed up.
But the ones who did show up were the motivated crowd.
Whereas the middle, you know, the independence, the liberals, the progressives, the anybody to the left of Tilda Han.
They're not more highly motivated. They're like, come see, come see, we're upset, we're pissed off.
And that's about it.
Whereas the right wingers, man, they are rabid. They do it. They show up. They get on the admit, they go nuts, they go h-m-it.
And you see it all the time. But as we just continue losing it, you know, it sounds like a movie with John Stockwell.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Good afternoon, sir. Yes, sir.
Yes, you do have to laugh, sir. The American people are, as the David Mirrors said right after the election, 60 million people can be that stupid.
Right. I'm sure hope we still have that on our website, by the way.
Absolutely. This whole deal with what happened on Tuesday, and I'll be the first to say that it amazed me.
I'm like, can't, I live in Avatar. I live like two seconds from Broward. And I think I'm going to continue heading north.
Yeah, so I'm going to move.
But I saw this. I mean, it was so obvious in the last two weeks of the whole campaign, how the two local birdcage liners, and with all apologies to all the birds out there,
came out doing their usual line.
They've been doing it for years.
Yeah. I don't know if you saw there was a short little thing on Monday, I believe, or maybe even Tuesday morning about how Mickey Erison and his wonderful, nice way, had donated his bonus to the tsunami relief and all that good stuff.
I mean, it's everything is so obviously.
I'm making Erison's answer to the question about that, the hero.
But, you know, I suspect that we'll try it again in two years, and maybe by then somebody will wake up who knows I hope we hope to be that a lot of here by then.
So I could care less. Me too.
All right, Neil. Good. I'll see you at the border.
All right. Okay. Let's see. Here's a guy walking with a hat.
I'm right. Everybody on the back of the victim's.
I don't see. I'm looking out through that chain link fence out there outside the courthouse in LA.
I don't see any cars coming through there right now to you. Yeah, but that guy was walking awfully fast.
I see a photographer there, a camera type person with a big camera on his shoulder.
And I see another guy with one of his long parabolic microphones.
And I see two other reporter type stand right. And then I see another tree there. Now that's a fight. Just re-entered.
I don't know. What kind of a tree is that? You ought to know your tree expert. It's a shrub.
Yeah, a shrub. That's it. Yeah. A shrub just like a president day.
And the duty room is just killing time.
I'm always happy.
I got 10 minutes, baby. 10 minutes in counting. If that clock ticking down again, man, 10 minutes or else we're going to throw a vase in jail.
Four fifth of three million. Do not pass. Go do not collect 200 pesos and go straight to jail. Michael, Michael, with your bad back and all your other bull.
What a joke. Talk about making a mockery. And of course this is what he's been doing.
You know, just laughing at the public, laughing at the system. Positive that they're going to get him off.
And you know something. I'm not so sure. Because even though this family of the one kid turns out to be a real bunch of slime balls anyway, the fact that a matter is that he done it.
You know, right. They found the magazines. They found the DNA. They found all of this other stuff. He done it.
The secret room. And he's been doing it repeatedly. There's no question about it. He's a pedophile. There is no doubt none.
Zero Zipini Duda. He's been getting away with it for years. And just like they were talking about yesterday about that Debbie Roadcraft that with his blonde, haired kid.
There isn't a chance in 10 billion that either one of those kids are his. But nevertheless.
Well, maybe maybe they bleached it out of the sperm too. And such as out of his face. I wonder if that's before they put it on the brownies.
We're still waiting, by the way. I want to keep the audience up today on this because they're much more concerned about Michael Jackson, that trail of the mayor about what's happening right in their own backyard.
The fact that your fat ass governor just what? That's it. You know it. Just two days after the election already, your fat ass governor said, aha, not so fast. You voted for it, but I'm not going to let you have it.
You people ought to be revolting, man. And believe me, I've talked to many of you and I've met somebody and I think you're well on your way.
Revolting is the word just tragic. The indifference, the apathy. And you can bitch. You know, all you want about them. Old Kubanos with a green teeth and everything with the dominoes.
But there are every tenors in election somebody blows that whistle just like those just like those flamingos and highly a man.
They're goose steppin' and they're marching. They're on parade to go down there and do their thing. And Carrie Meek gets on air calls all you dark folks. And of course they 10 white people in Dave County.
Who knows where the hell they live? And did they turn out? Oh, now. That's fitting. I'm still looking here, man. What was that for? Oh, they're in the sleep. Yeah, everyone else.
We understand through two different sources now that he's five minutes out by one account and 15 minutes out by another. Well, 15 minutes ain't gonna cut it. That would be 242. That would be seven minutes late. Throw his ass in jail.
I'm telling you, I would probably not only get a very stern warning from this judge, but most likely this judge would remand him into custody, Judy.
All right. Oh, yeah. I don't like the Michael D. The Slammer, baby.
I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding.
There's less than one phone. You got problem.
Speaking of your asset, Cory, you slime ball Michael Jackson has asked the judge in his trial for permission to speak out above his alleged misstreatment at the hands of the set of Barbara Police Department.
It was awful. They put me for my warm cozy California king bed, what I was watching we runs up mighty warfare power rangers.
They start my mansion like I was the dumb was saying. They were calling me horrible names like KU and stop running and sit right there.
I tried to defend myself by saying I am rubber and you are glue and whatever you say bounces up me and sticks to you, but it did not stop them.
They scared my metal all over my furry white bunny slippers and smashed my bubble making machine to smithereens.
I tried to keep them out of my secret room and I'm throwing pixie stick dust in their eyes, but they kept coming.
It was a nightmare. Why are the police allowed to treat people this way? I am an upstanding citizen who wants only to have his privacy and an occasion or sleep over the theme party.
Who should say my guest didn't want to play the popular party game what's in my pocket? That is my business and the business of the family's defense attorney, not the police.
I have bruises on my new nose and red marks on my butt tops, though that's not from the police.
They shackled my wrist and shoved a posh ball into my mouth and said, who's bad? Actually, maybe that was a dream I had last night.
Never mind. So please, please, people, you need not be roughy and for same nasty things to me.
Sixth and fourth may break my elephant madbugs, but names they also hurt me.
We're waiting to wait till we get on serious, man. We start getting 80 million calls today from all over the rest of the country.
And these people are going to be blocked right out. Won't that be great? Oh, I can't wait.
Anyway, we got two minutes. Jackson's got two minutes to get to court. And angry judge issued in the rest ward from Michael Jackson.
It after he failed to show up for his child molestation trial on time. And his attorney announced a singer was being treated for a serious back problem.
Superior court judge Rodney S. Herman Melville said he would also forfeit Jackson three million dollar bail unless he appeared in court within one hour.
He's got two minutes and get that countdown going. The jury wasn't yet in the court when the judge entered.
Jackson's lawyer Thomas Messero Jr. is here. He's getting wider by the minute said Mr. Jackson's at cottage hospital in Santa.
He is with a serious back problem, but he does try to come in the judge. Obviously angry.
We peered and fired up declared. I'm issuing a warrant for his arrest. I'm forfeiting his bill. I will hold the order for one hour, meaning 12.35 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Messero who's requested that the judge talked to Jackson's doctor when the phone was turned down said a short time later that he's on a way.
All of a sudden he had this back step right back in a place like magic.
Hospital spokeswoman Jander Runeo said he let Santa in his valley college hospital 8.45 a.m. at 7.45 our time.
It's about a 35 mile draft from the hospital to court. Runeo had no comment in his condition. Messero had been observed and he is again.
Look at that. Looking at his watch.
Oh, Paul. We've got his brain charges.
I have been less impressed by the strength of the case than I thought I would be.
But there's also one legal issue on the horizon that really will have a big impact on the resolution of the case.
Dr. Runeo, a side-want-making and real Michael Jackson was accused in a civil lawsuit 1993 of similar sexual misconduct with a boy in an entirely separate matter.
The judge decided whether he will allow evidence of this prior.
Well, yes, what it's called 35 and there's still looking.
There's Tom Ezro and, uh, yeah, he missed the boy.
Let's see if the judge has got the cons to stick with it.
The stick to it in the sock. You go, judge.
I don't see no limo. I don't see no whiteboard broccoli. There's that guy with a goofy head again in the blue shirt and the cell phone.
Of course, everybody has got a cell phone. He's got a one. Even the chimp on passion just got a cell phone.
Pressure.
I don't, there's still stand out there on the sidewalk out from the courthouse and here comes some bald-handed geek.
I don't know who the hell this guy is. I don't know. Let's see the cops.
And there's still just standing there looking and looking and waiting and hoping and praying and their peeing in their pants and they're sorting their undies and it's 1236 almost.
And, uh, it's already a Jackson Mrs. Judge's deadline. Benchward takes effect.
Oh, he better watch his ass in there. I'll take that right now.
He's in big trouble if he asks me if they put him in there. Don't you think?
They're not going to have to put him in solitary. The excuse will be always a big celebrity.
Right. I got a good idea.
It's a compilation.
No, yeah.
Those hardened murderers and criminals.
And they don't have like that. So it's smooth criminal.
Yeah, there you go.
What happens whether or not they remand him into custody immediately.
Our pool source here is also saying five minutes which probably comes from our deputies or Santa Maria police as well.
So within five minutes, two lay Jackson will be here. Two lay will be very interested to see what the deputies do when he gets here.
And then certainly once he gets into court, what now that's interesting because when he does get there if there's a warrant for his arrest and they hand cover him and they drag his ass inside, right?
Right. That'd be sweet.
Well, what is it when that wouldn't you think that's what's going to happen? I mean, should happen.
That's what should happen.
Somebody just outside of the runner like crazy.
Right. Right.
It probably got the runs to was told earlier that helicopters were on the way up from Los Angeles.
I don't think our Santa Barbara stations or affiliates have helicopters. Maybe a couple of them do.
But it's sometimes difficult to pick up his if they don't know where he is. It's difficult to pick up where his motorcade is because it is long stretches of the sea.
At least OJ with a white Ford Bronco, he'll have to do it right. You know, they could track them all the way up and down the freeway.
This is crap. We ought to be tracking it limo right now when you think it's hard to tell why from the other.
Oh, and have you noticed that have you ever noticed the bodyguards? Nobody talks about it anymore about the nation of Islam and all these big black bodyguards.
He's got that that's also the media is just quiet. That up for some bizarre reason.
It was all that controversy about were they or were they they they motorcade? Uh oh not making his ears.
Here's what we're going to want to say to us and we can actually read what it is.
They're going to listen to me from the various fans who have gathered here. Mr Jackson getting ready to pull in here.
Oh no.
Screams. Yeah. What are we seeing?
Right now we well here we go.
The doors open quickly and
they're more quicker than they normally open here. There's one that big black bodyguards that we've been going for long.
I'm going to hold it in.
That's getting another one.
But there's a there's the thing you see.
He's in there in the second part and there's a there's a terrible brown shirt that he's got handcuffs on his thing.
If deputies are going to remain him.
What is one of the jacks and all those people in that show is that you was Joe Jackson into the court house.
You're doing a little playback play because you look at the speaker already.
It's kind of hard to see how the big thing from the angle of the big nation.
There's a big nation with the skin in his chest and doesn't seem to be moving too quickly out of his car.
You're not moving too quickly.
You're coming out of bad back.
You're coming out of the first part.
You're going up and that is that.
It's going to happen here.
It's always coming out of me into court.
They got that up well.
Of course it's not raining.
I got the upper one anyway.
I didn't think it was looking at that.
Look at that.
It looks like a pajama for him.
Or maybe he's in the hospital.
Oh, that's right.
He's wearing pajama bottoms.
That's right.
Very slow.
A T-shirt, a black sports jacket, and blue pajama bottoms.
What a back-and-blat.
That's the...
That's the...
That's what it was like.
It was very heavy.
He's wearing pajamas today.
He always wear...
He's wearing pajamas into court.
It's called it in.
I was fairly losing.
You wouldn't think this is part of that side show.
Would you assist him by his body?
This is the center of it.
Let's listen.
He's not going to be a Lexi-Lift in here.
Go ahead.
The fans will be able to get the uniform.
They want that Jesus juice.
They don't want to be a shipman.
They want to ship through that straw.
Something that Jesus juice.
There's a tremendous crowd, at least.
It's seven or eight in Myres, South Side of the Kodas.
Now they're coming through the metal detector.
All not the fans here are probably under 30.
Santa, walk a little like a higher now.
He's going to be under his boat back on top.
He's wearing...
Look at Zahdi.
Like he's under influence of something.
Or today, whether or not the judge buys it now.
Those weren't stamps you were looking, Michael.
Yeah, blue pass like deadline, several minutes ago.
Mr. Jackson, now in the courtroom.
And now it's up to the judge to see how he's going to handle this...
This very prickly of pops to open.
Oh, you can't say that.
No, no, no.
So Miguel, he did appear to be walking more slowly than you.
Oh, Judy.
Of course.
He's walking more slowly.
He's got a bad back, you stupid bitch.
Judy would rip my ass.
Oh, do we long for the days of Bernie Shaw?
You know, he probably slack her right upside ahead.
If he could be there right now.
But old Bernie Shaw.
He's going to take the lead.
20-0-1 at QAN.
Michael's in court.
On five to make the journey.
TVM.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Oh, it's been the race.
Almost a mile.
I'm going to make it to the best.
Gonna be your wife.
And I don't turn on the radio.
I'm going to sing up my nose.
Lou just going my mind.
I'm about to keep my sheep.
The night with me.
And the night with me.
And the night with me.
And the night with me.
He was accompanied and supported by his bodyguards.
His attorneys, including Tom Ezrow.
And his parents were also in attendance.
He went through the metal protector right through this door here.
And about 15 or 20 seconds later, he came right back out again.
Michael Jackson looks like he's clearly in distress.
His hair was not toned.
He was wearing his impeccable costumes today.
His misdeeds seem to have a listing of a left a little bit
as if he's having a lower back problem.
His back of the courtroom now is 420 hours.
Everyone is inside and he will wait to happen.
Diane Diamond from Court TV who fancied himself as a real journalist
or a partner in crime Nancy Grace.
And he looks like he's in distress and he's like listening to the left.
Oh, give me a break.
What a fake piece of crap this is.
Will it ever end?
Will it ever tell the truth?
Diane Diamond, my ass.
Anyway, how's that pull coming to you?
We'll get back to it.
We'll see what the judge says.
And of course, now we see what they're terrified of
is they don't want to like manhandle him because then they'll pick up
where they lost up before we do his charges about how the police man handled him.
And they bruised him in a set.
Remember that?
Yeah, yeah.
All about crime.
Oh, here's the instant replay.
All day long.
Oh, yeah, the instant replay when he umbrilla.
And of course, the sun is shining.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
They've had a lot of rain in LA, but not today.
And the sun is shining and everything is just fine.
Blue skies, but they got to have that huge umbrella over Michael,
which finally when they got to the mental detector that was in the van.
There's all the nation of Islam guys.
There was big, tough, nasty bodyguards.
And there's daddy who looks like he's in a bag too.
Maybe he was sharing some Jesus juice with Michael this morning.
The biggest problem with Dave County is that's our pool today.
793 votes.
It's a banana republic 267.
Nobody speak in English.
191, a source of ongoing frustration that will never change too many old right-wing
Cubans 153.
The traffic 74, the politicians 45, the non-Hispanic don't vote.
That's still stuck on 31.
Oh, man.
Yeah, that's easier to blame other people.
Right.
Point the finger with everybody else is their fault.
Nothing wrong with Dave.
Dave is great.
18 out of almost 800 votes, 2.2%.
And the Miami Herald is on the S&M, as usual, 14.
They're on the bottom of the cage.
Okay, let's get these calls cracked up.
I don't know.
I have some really heavy duty stuff here.
I wanted to read.
Maybe I'll save it for tomorrow.
Stomping on the bill of rights from the email.
Facts this to me.
And made in America, Wahhabiism.
It's a great article from the early times by William Faxardow.
The Christian right is their own brand of extremism.
Long overdue.
I'll save it for tomorrow.
Oh, why you do that?
Because I don't want to gloss over.
We got all this Michael stuff coming up.
Probably have to have like, uh, uh, read this interruptus.
I don't want to do that.
All right.
Plus we got many important calls that are going to be pouring in here.
Can you see it?
They're pouring in by the ones.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You should lecture him if he's genuinely sick.
But the issue of notice will be very important.
You know, of course, everyone understands that people get sick.
But, uh, judges don't like to be surprised.
And if he was not informed at the earliest possible moment,
that Jackson was planning, uh, on, on not attending or, or asking to be excused, you know,
a lot of things has to happen and won't have to happen.
And one of the things judges are always very concerned about is the convenience of the jury.
So if the jury came in on time when Jackson knew he wouldn't be able to come to court,
that's something the judge is going to be very concerned about.
How anybody could be that stupid to believe his dog in ponies.
And again, here's a media packaging this and presenting it to you like it's a real thing, you know.
WDQA and hello.
Please go on the page yourself.
I think you hear a little local show going serious right now.
No, okay.
Thank you very much.
Robert Jowler.
A little local, local, thank you.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Sally.
WDQA and hello.
How come you know how are you?
Okay.
This guy's making a mockery of the system.
I'm telling you.
No.
Yeah, you know, even Bill C'mon, any importance of showing up for trial on time.
There you go.
And he did what his pajamas either.
Right.
I mean, if you're going to stop and have your backside checked, it's going to cost you $3 million.
I mean, that's crazy.
Exactly.
Anyway, love you.
Thank you.
I hope it was okay as a matter of fact, though, because otherwise he's going to get a lot of use where he's going.
Talk about slamer.
WDQA and hello.
My girlfriend's birthday tomorrow.
WDQA and hello.
QA and.
Yeah, well, I called Neil.
I didn't know he knew precious that your friend Ron, the pro-sec Ron.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, hey, this is going to be actually a rare sensible call.
No, come on.
This is the first one we want one of those.
See these, these, these jobs, they're just upset because once we do get on serious, and we have 80s Indian calls from all over on North America, then you won't be hearing them no more.
The Garling guy and you know, those guys.
They, you know, a personal friend of Rimmers here.
But don't hold that against me.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, I got a chance, even though we don't have hockey.
Oh, no, please don't do that to me, sir.
If you're going to talk about hockey, this is going to be the shortest phone call you've ever made in your life.
Well, it has actually had something that I was going to ask if you ever saw any A.H.L. games up in front.
560, 7.0, 560, 0.560 on the horizon and what?
You warned them, you know?
Yeah.
So as soon as you mentioned, Rimmer, there should have been the end of that call.
Talking about the, if there isn't a collective bargaining agreement.
So here's a little leaf sludge from Leafs TV.
What prevents...
There's Jeff Merrick in the bill of fat bill of water.
There's nobody cares about that.
When you stop, stop that enough Rimmer try to destroy my show.
And by the way, you're a liar, Rimmer.
I wonder how much he took at that 600 bucks for that phony perg glasses that he got from that joint down here.
Oh, brother.
Who are you, Ken?
Try to say, I'll give you the guys number.
He'll make it right.
Yeah, right.
A bunch of Chinese eyeglasses.
Six times the thickness of these other real glasses I got.
Probably cost 100 bucks in Rimmer pocket at the other 500, you know?
That's how it works.
WNQA Am Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
One thing first.
I agree with you.
One hundred percent this state is nothing but a backwards fascist state.
That's a toilet, man.
It's a hopeless case.
The people don't give a crap.
They're indifferent.
They have no passion for life, no passion for anything.
They just don't give a crap, you know?
That's right.
And I can't wait till that fascist governor gets out of office.
I really do because I think the state might better off with...
Oh, yeah.
So, you know, our first gay governor, Charlie Christwin, he gets in the...
Yeah.
That'll be exciting.
Because if you think the Democrats are going to come up with a candidate who's going to be your next governor,
you are dreaming.
In fact, they're even saying, now Bill Nelson looks very vulnerable and I can understand why.
He's another weak sister.
Too bad Bobby Graham couldn't just hang on forever, you know what?
He was the last white hope.
WNQA Am Hello.
Michael Vista.
WNQA Am Hello.
Yeah, and he, how are you doing?
Okay.
He was speaking of Rimmer.
He is a cheat because when the All-Star game was down here,
he was like, the initial All-Star game, right?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I'm not here about the initial All-Star game or Rimmer.
Okay.
Either one.
The other day, remember the other day when I was getting a scratchy throw and I thought I was getting like another cold and everything?
Because the weather one day was like 45, the next day was like five.
And that hasn't had to do with that, too.
Scratchy throw and I'm sitting there watching Wheel of Torture on TV at seven o'clock.
I could do every day.
And the phone rings and it's Rimmer.
Couldn't get him off the phone for like 20 minutes.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, I don't try to tell him.
You know?
Oh, you don't sound like you really want to talk.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, a similar crap.
WNQA and Hello.
I'm Danille.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Actually, it's a matter of fact, I'm safe, but I'm doing fine.
Well, great.
I just want to let you know, down with Governor Jeff Bush,
and this is the sound you're going to hear when Michael goes to the slammer.
Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy.
Roy, Roy, Roy, Roy.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Roar, roar, roar.
Yeah, that sounds like it.
In fact, maybe he'll have burning roids by the time he gets out of there.
Maybe I'll talk to him so I can suckle before he goes in about where to insert,
where to inject those roids.
Where to put the needle?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7 right in the middle of his nose if he can find it.
And he only had two nose jobs, you know that, don't you?
Right, yeah.
They were just really baking.
Right. They were just good jobs.
Extensive.
WNQA and Hello.
Now, why don't you understand what stashes I'm in?
WNQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Michael Jackson.
What equals my faith?
WNQA and Hello.
What's got my program?
WNQA and Hello.
Hold the drill, Roger.
Hold it, you're holding what?
Neil.
Yeah.
Grab a controversial show about...
Oh, jeez, get a life, okay?
By the way, Dick Feinberg at Toppittapar says he's got some news for you, okay?
He's got some big news for you, nothing that they got the slots through.
Instead of a flag hanging from the flag hole out there, everybody at Toad Board,
your ass is going to be hanging along with your boyfriend, too, sweetheart.
WNQA and Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
You think it's just Florida?
Look who's governor of California?
Yeah, and that's right.
I'm here.
It's the founding of America, man.
What have I been telling you for a hundred years?
Of California, say it right, man.
California.
WNQA and Hello.
And, Neil, what were you saying about bankruptcy in Florida before?
I said, Florida is a bankrupt state.
That's bankrupt of any moral values.
That's what I said.
When they vote for gambling, what does that tell you?
Bankruptcy in Florida.
WNQA and Hello.
I told you these calls are going to be great.
Who wants to read those stories?
Who I am.
Who did I got you?
Hello, Neil.
How you doing today?
Pretty good, Pally.
How are you?
I'm doing terrific.
Thank you, sir.
How would you like to know your inform of opinion, actually?
You know, why is that possible?
You know, you couldn't be more right when you say that, my army said, but I'm not repulsive.
Yes.
But why is it possible that if you turn into 92.3, are you a guy in Spanish guy there from 12 to 12 o'clock?
He can say anything he wants, including any person in the book.
Right.
You make a far sound and you get 10.
That is correct.
Half a million dollars for each far sound.
You're telling me why is that possible?
Why is that a calendar?
You cannot do it.
Well, what do you mean why can't I do it?
Because the FCC doesn't care about them.
It's like everything else in South Florida.
There's one set of rules for people, those speaking English.
And all of a sudden, we'll tell the rest of us.
That's right.
What would you expect in the banana republic?
I have a Puerto Rico.
Oh, okay.
See you.
By the way, PR Ralph gave us some bad information yesterday.
That was your friend.
And what do you expect to get an info from your friend?
Tell you about the recon for a long term.
Jesus, man.
Talk about a swish blade.
That was, oh, the game, I want to do your favor.
Let's see, you know, the game has been rained out.
I'm sorry to give you the bad news.
And of course, I don't blame him because the point that I made yesterday
at about Nunech was very valid.
It's still valid.
And that is, we've got to get information from the audience
as opposed to our middle-level management people.
Who are, you know, desperately trying to find some kind of a chore
or some kind of an errand to run to justify their resistance
and meager paycheck.
That would have been one of them.
You know, to keep their thumb right on that situation,
to keep us abreast of what was going on.
And so, of course, the later on coming out, who is the one that came to you
and said, oh, they're going to be available now to 20 to a two.
Won't you do a 15 or 20 minute show?
The two of you that.
Ha ha ha ha.
Right.
After the fact, right?
Well, he said stick around just in case they don't.
But you want to say why we took that?
And he said, stick what?
Yeah, this.
Stick me out of it.
I bet he did.
Why has he got to find something to do?
You know what?
How about he's been demoted?
Now that he's kind of sitting in there.
Now, you don't have to go talk to the salespeople
anymore because we've given up that whole deal.
No more copy, no more work.
Just to cash the check, baby, like Berkeley says.
Berkeley says just cash the F in check and leave the rest of the school.
It's commutively.
Doesn't expect it to roll on Jackson momentarily.
I got it.
Or a friend.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
That's your call today.
Like I said, I started off whipped up into a frenzy.
Hank was whipped up about it.
The governor subverts the world of public again.
He's threatening we're not going to have what you voted for and brown on Tuesday.
And this public man, you are again, apologize to the people who make jello as limp as a wet noodle.
Nothing moves them, man.
I'll say it again.
And then that told me, had even though I can't see the result right now, you are so full of crap.
The problem isn't with the old yellow teeth crowd because there's a limited number of them.
The problem was all the rest of the community that doesn't give a flying crap about anything.
It's just rolled over and you've seceded, man.
You've seceded not from the state but from life.
You've just thrown in the towel just like we do with the sales department so we can relate.
Somebody QAM, hello?
QAM?
Yeah.
I was calling Neil.
Yes, sir, speaking.
What's it like?
Okay.
Okay, I want to say thank you for sticking your face in the face of George Bush's Nazis.
I wish that you would keep it up.
It's a great thing to remind everybody that our freedoms are slipping away.
Okay, well, they're very obviously whipped up a door for friends you about it.
Sure, and I'm going to continue banging away and banging my head against that cement wall because you can tell from these people are calling sure we do.
They are really civically and governmentally and humanly in the crap.
Okay, the pool is back.
Our website is back.
Thank the Lord.
Not too exciting, Eric.
Almost a half an hour here of paranoia and psychosis.
Not good.
Michael Jackson's accusers now on a witness stand.
Michael, Michael, he's in there and is put in his PJs.
Maybe they get a little something going on.
Maybe he brought some Jesus juice to crawl with him, huh?
Michael's already in his PJs.
What do you think?
There you go, just roll the bed out.
Yeah, went in doubt.
Whip it out.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
Roger.
Roger.
Ah.
It's a little bit funny.
And then what a trick.
I saw deeply face little losing captain June.
There is his side.
He's got all the numbers.
He got all the materials.
Including her party with the New Yorkers.
He got all the text messages to her famous friends.
There were cell phones winging in Hollywood and all the words were savings fans.
And these little bit cutters and cattle riding in.
All went to the cell stores and turned their phones in.
And now we know every time a pair of his phone.
We know the private number of shareuses.
Now that he's gone, he's gone, he's gone.
It's all about the next.
So she said he was constantly without all the gifts.
And speaking of that, limp biscuits singer Fred Durst is doing 10 website operators who posted the rockers homemade sex tape after we stolen from his computer.
Possibly by the same hackers who got into reality star, Paris Hilton cell phone.
The lawsuit filed a federal court last week.
It states more than 70 million damages and any profits the side operators reaped in recent weeks within when the three-minute clip of Durst and a former girlfriend began appearing on the internet.
In the complaint Durst contains the 2003 video was never meant for people viewing.
It was stored in Durst home computer, but hackers managed to break into the computer remotely and make a copy according to lawsuit.
In December, Durst manager was contacted by the owner of an adult video firm who asked whether the single would be interested in making the video available commercially.
Durst attorney's then cell letters or any of the defendants to stop.
Cut it out.
The lawsuit claims the side operators invaded Durst privacy misappropriated his name and likeness.
Durst who secured the copy rights to the video before filing the lawsuit also claims the websites are guilty of violating US copyright laws.
Since the lawsuit was filed many of the websites that said they would pull the clip most of them have purported to comply.
And the person Durst attorney be saying.
Who now wants to see that unless it was me find out which girlfriend it was.
Right, we're still waiting.
Okay, we haven't found out yet.
It's still on somewhere but I'm not going to I don't want to find out.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, we don't need the tourists.
852 votes on the poll.
The biggest problem with date kind of.
I'm thinking very seriously by the way I'm reaffirming my life.
And I'm thinking very seriously of going back to that what we did those seven months where I stopped taking the girls.
I mean this is beyond garbage.
You know, what's the point of having a phone system for like five people?
You know, you got the crazy pro-zac run who needs to be put in a rubber room somewhere.
You got the you know we got.
Yeah, I know.
And that's it.
All too well.
Yeah, you sure do.
And I'm thinking of just going back to that because your calls basically folks blow.
They suck.
They bite their the worst.
The absolute worst.
I've been to this for a hundred years.
Almost 30 years, right?
About 30 minutes.
It's time I have never heard such a carcassity of swill of Schmidt of horse lung as comes over this phone.
Pathetic.
And every you know again if it was alien man we'd be getting calls from you know home the phones of A.B.
Bring it off the hook back during those days.
It's only during the times when we have these device and hate hate best that's when they get into it.
Yeah.
But any other time like like now when the governor says okay forget about that vote.
I'm going to do whatever I want to do.
And they just roll over and play dead.
That's what they do best in South Florida is playing dead.
Maybe that's why Terry Shivoh she had to be like the state the symbol.
You know states have songs in sigma is she had to be the insignia on the state bag.
Terry Shivoh with the tube.
Yeah 857 votes the biggest problem with Dave County is it's a banana republic 291.
Nobody speak of the English 208.
Too many old right wing Cubans 164 the traffic 78 the politicians 47 the non-Hispanic don't vote 36.
Right.
Nothing.
They just rate only 18 2.1% and the money here with 15.
Well there they go.
Here come the intellectual callers now I know it.
I know if I threw out the to the gauntlet down to give them the challenge the intellectuals would come on.
That's rather testimony on the very same issue.
He said that his brother had a seven up can and that he really remembered that because red wine on the brim of it.
And of course he knew that that was unusual.
Who did that song red red wine?
So we're into the place and I'm sure the defense will see on this where you have a story that seems common.
But when you look at the details they're starkly different.
Well there you go.
That's the court TV a little bit different.
The same crap.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, you all.
Hey, you all buddy.
OK, pal.
Listen, man.
I'm not a, I'm not, I wouldn't share a little intellectual color but people right have called it.
I think pretty pathetic, but I got to tell you.
Flutter as far as supporting anything and I'm a musician and to get people to come out for original music and then it would come to clubs to support anything outside of the state.
I think that of what they know.
Yeah.
It's just pathetic.
You know, they just stay in that little safety cube wherever it is in their house.
And that's it, man.
And then it's like that with everything.
What sports?
I know you hate sports.
I'm not a big sports guy.
And music wise, I've seen it, you know, I've seen it all along.
You know, go out and play and get people to come out.
You do an original music, something different, something new, something refreshing.
Doesn't matter.
It's sad.
It's funny.
It's funny.
It's funny.
It's an $85 bill just like the year that the panthers went to the Stanley Cup finals and everybody had their flags going and their rats and everything.
Well, you love that, you know, and now you couldn't find five people out of pain.
You've got to be proud about it.
Good shot.
I just want to tell you that a long time list for man and he's got the good boss buddy.
Good luck to you, Poundy. Thanks a lot.
Yeah.
Now let's see.
I had, I think I schmitcanned it here.
The thing about Ed McMahon, Jesus.
Oh yeah.
Ed's a home.
He's a cook right in baby.
And that bad fall, I'm not sure why.
I think I have a good idea.
I just started mentioning it.
Don't we care about Ed McMahon or Lid?
Not really.
No, no, actually it would have been better news if it turned out that he was in the hospital on a verge of death because we'd rather have him go then Johnny.
Here is Johnny.
Either way, but why?
Now why do you say that?
I wasn't a big Johnny Carson family.
You wanted him to croak as opposed to Ed McMahon.
No, no, because he was already out of our line.
Oh, I see Zeratva.
You've never used for him anymore.
So therefore, yeah, I see.
Even before he went off the air, we didn't have any use for him anymore.
No wonder I hear that you talk behind my back.
That's right.
All I've had for about another four years when his deal is over and I can screw off and croak a wicked horrible death.
I heard that.
I mean, Johnny Carson was...
I don't know what I thought.
You ever stole a freight train?
You gave me a lot of people, so I came up with Ed on the other hand, because he's a professional ass-licker, kind of like Larry King, without the suspenders.
Plus, of course, I'll never forgive him for the American publishers, sweepstakes, ripoff, bullcrab.
Him and Dick Clark.
You notice we don't hear any more about Dick Clark?
Nope.
You notice that?
After we finally had the load on from the aquarium, they didn't have one stroke, but a second massive stroke.
And he's like, mew-like-like that.
Last thing he was heard saying was...
I'm dying out of here!
I was into real Roger.
I'm going to have to split the deal.
I'm on 560, 60, 80, 80, 80.
Mr. Dialex, quite like Sean Connery, from his roles in the hunt for red October.
I am a little somebody who comes up to the untouchable.
I am a Chicago police, but now the master of ethnic character acting can teach you his secret techniques at the Sean Connery Academy of Access.
Good morning students.
Today we'll work on sounding French.
The beat of the me, Bonjour, would you have any consults he will play?
Bonjour!
Bonjour!
Would you have any consults?
Well done.
At the Sean Connery Academy of Access, you'll learn the best accent if the one you were born with.
No class.
Guess which accent I'm doing this type?
A Scottish accent?
Close.
That was my Mexican guy.
Oh, I should smile, amigos.
So whether you want to do a Scottish Chinese accent, a Scottish German, a Scottish Iraqi, or a Scottish rapper...
I like to take this up or too much.
It's a show to hold my home.
In Rome today, at the Sean Connery Academy of Access, and soon you'll be able to do any accent imaginable, as long as it's Scottish.
145 at 560 W.
I'm sure you might want to mention to your fat friend Eric there that my stance page is stuck an hour ago and it's not going anywhere.
I just mentioned that in passing.
A little website, website is interruptus.
Choice point.
Remember about the choice point people are getting files and everybody's speaking of secret files?
Right.
Choice point files found riddled with errors.
Deborah Pierce held her rare and precious document in her hands.
It was a story of her life as told by Choice Point Inc.
She wasn't supposed to see it and an anonymous source had smarter to be for a tour.
But there it was.
Her national comprehensive report, 20 pages long, a complete dossier of all the digital breadcrumbs she's left behind during her adult life.
At least that's what it was supposed to be.
Pierce said she felt an uneasy twin-general stomach as she began to flip the pages.
A dozen former addresses were listed along with neighbors and their phone numbers.
Almost 20 people were listed as relatives and their neighbors were listed too.
There were cars she supposedly owned, businesses she supposedly worked for.
But the more closely she looked, the more alarms she became.
The report was littered with mistakes.
Choice point, now in battle database giant aggregates data from hundreds of sources on millions of Americans.
The reports are then sold to thousands of companies and government agencies.
They want to know more about their clients, customers or employees.
But wouldn't Georgia or well be proud of what's going on these days?
Amazing.
He would be just a busy bite.
Almost as busy as Michael was there on a way into court kind of tilting, listing off at the left.
Honest footing. Right.
As first reported by MSMEC.com, the company last month warned 145,000 people
that criminals posing as legitimate businesses had access to that information,
putting them at risk of identity theft.
The incident sparked discussion about the larger industry of data collection,
made up of companies known as commercial data brokers.
Choice point is the largest, but there are hundreds of other firms that collect and sell private information for profit.
Choice point also had a host as a host of important government clients, including the FBI and other intelligence agencies.
Oh my God.
The offer at a Georgia based company to try to be interviewed for this through a point of reporting reported toward the firm's website for additional information.
The company separately announced Tuesday that it's hired a top official of the TSA,
the Transportation Security Administration Review, how the company screens its customers.
That's great.
Love it.
And here's a great idea, finally speaking of the FBI.
FBI director Robert Mueller suggested this week that Congress considered borrowing terrorism suspects from legally buying guns.
After an audit found that 47 people on a terrorism watch list were approved for purchases last year.
I'm sure you've seen this story. Yes, I did.
Gunsails are denied a convict, and he also saw that Wayne Loppier, who is a legitimately crazy person,
the head of the NRA, he, uh, he know like this.
Gunsails are denied a convicted felons, fugitives convicted drug users, illegal aliens, others under federal gun laws,
but a GAO report may public Tuesday point it out that being suspected of having a link to a terrorist or a terrorist group is not among the nine criteria that prevents somebody from legally buying a firearm.
It only triggers a more intense background check of the person before a gun dealer can sell them a gun.
We ought to look at what can be done to perhaps modify the law, malerful members of a House appropriations subcommittee.
The National Rifle Association says the current law is protecting Americans from terrorists while allowing citizens to free them to own guns.
Wayne Loppier, the NRA's chief executive and gunslinger, said under the law if the FBI's national incident criminal background check system gets a hit,
that somebody's for a gun permit on the terror watch list, the government official will put that person on list other counter-terrorism personnel are notified.
And of course that gives him plenty of time before they go out and throw a whole bunch of people away.
And wow, the neighborhood of the school and blow a bunch of kids away.
They don't even want to go out and just blow a bunch of a pain in the air shop or anything.
Whatever else they want to do with it.
How do you like that?
Senator Frank Lautenberg, Democrat and New Jersey requested the audit, reacted with a call to undo a year old law that requires the FBI to destroy records of applications to purchase guns within 24 hours of approval.
It's aiding an abetting terrorist. He said lots of times you cannot cover the date you need in 24 hours.
Hey, listen America loves their guns. We love them bullets flying. We got 50 cents. We have a rapid guy's man blowing each other away.
And it's probably a cultured part of the passing scene man, right? Right. They're down. So we're on mess with it.
A veteran 60 minutes staff resumed CBS yesterday for alleged age discrimination and defamation, charging that the network used the flawed report on President Bush's National Guard service as an excuse to try to ease her out.
When it out, ease her ass out. Esther Carton Gainer, 67 Foddle lawsuit on the last day of the pandemic. I didn't see that last night either.
Look, I wasn't home. I wanted to see Dan's last telecast.
I wonder if he's a short statement. Courage. Courage.
What does that mean? Courage crap.
I guess he was going to sign off every night on the news case with that, but he got a last out of the studio when he started doing that years ago.
So he dropped the idea because all the crime charges and that's the way it is. Remember Walter? No, you don't remember. I saw some pictures and that's the way it is to December 20.
He's reading the magic bullets. No, yeah. That's all I need to know. Anyway, Esther filed the lawsuit on the last day that Dan Radler, the newsman, presented the Bush report appeared as anchor of the CBS evening news.
Cartagan, understanding corporate papers that a defamation claim is based on the statement by Leslie Moonvers CBS chairman and CEO.
Oh, on the network's website January 10 in that statement, Moonvers says Cartagan or had abrogated her assigned function and CBS news is the worst for it.
Moonvers made the statement on the same day that an independent panelist and its report on the Bush report.
Cartagan, assistant corporate papers that are ruled in the story area was minimal.
She says she was directed on September 7 to read the transcripts to make sure excerpts of interviews were not used out of context.
She says he already been demoted when she was moved.
We moved to senior producer of 60 minutes in May of 2004 and made senior producer of 60 minutes Wednesday.
She said she was replaced at 60 minutes by a woman 20 years younger, which is part of the basis for her age discrimination claims.
She said she was scripted for senior producer title and her pay was reduced by 20%.
Sounds like sour grapes to me, you old bag. Right.
It's a little bit guy that said I would be. What the hell was his name? You'll never remember. Larry Justice.
Oh, my. I can't believe that. Oh, my. Hey, Molly, is this man on top of it today or what?
For justice, we must go and see Larry.
File the age discrimination suit against I would be because he got killed on that weekend.
Well, that was all your fault, too. Remember? Yeah, I always get locked in there. You bet.
Yeah, I was also a part of that. He was younger than you, I think. Yeah.
And the fact that the matter is they got him off the air because it shows suck. That's why.
Now, if you're telling me that Mo'Ready has Bruce Willis on it, 230.
Is there something going on that we ought to be aware of? Yeah, actually, I found out that his daughter is an executive at Miramax.
Yeah, Bruce Willis is film coming out. So they're going to promote it.
Mo'Ready is an executive at Miramax, right?
And Bruce Willis has a film coming out that they're going to promote.
What does that have to do with sports? Is it that one you were telling me about? No.
Oh, okay. Now seriously, what are you talking about?
I'm telling you that's what's going on. It has nothing to do with sports.
Oh, I see. Promote it. That's why I was running. In other words, we have a format change.
Right. Or it's just kind of an attachment today.
Oh, right. I see. Okay. Just today we're like, which is fine.
We already heard plenty about, you know, all speaking of sports.
Jose Konseko, Jason Jambi, Mark McWarran, four of the baseball players were subpoenaed yesterday to testify before congressional committee.
If it's against the sports steroids policy, I got Jose's book right here.
I read 22 pages. It's still sitting there. Kurt Schilling, Sammy Sosa, Raffy L. Palmer,
who on Frank Thomas also was subpoenaed to appear at the March 17 hearing of the House Government Reform Committee,
along with the players Association of Hidden Donald Fierre,
baseball executive vice president Rob Manfred and Sandy Olverson and Sandy Ego General Manager Kevin Towers.
Can Seiko Fierre and Manfred had agreed to testify? Manfred will speak on behalf of baseball commissioner Bud Light.
The remaining witnesses, however, made a clear reason by flatly rejecting the invitation to testify,
by ignoring our repeated attempts to contact them.
They had no attention of appearing for the committee committee chairman, Representative Tom Davis,
and Representative Henry Waxman, ranking Democrats and the statement.
The committee will conduct a thoroughfare and responsible investigation.
It's important for the American people to know the facts on baseball's steroids scandal.
Do we care? Absolutely.
No, not.
You'll Roger.
And exclusively on 5.50 AM.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and Seiko?
Yes.
Travel sovereignty means that. It's sovereign.
You're a...you're a...you've been given sovereignty and your...
...you're a sovereign entity.
And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
The British land, the Christian farm, where you want to go to hell with his guys.
Ah, who got it? Where to the British land?
The British farm, where we'll be the rest of the Patriots' tribe.
Oh!
Oh!
Right, right, right, the world's the ruler of the tribe.
Oh!
The British road is closed, there's a terrible blowdown.
Oh!
I'm the candidate, where the handle's gone.
The British, who the emperor is calling for love.
Oh!
Bang, bang, bang, chug, directly into your...
Bang, bang, bang, the fortune's actor is to...
...whoa!
...chains his name to the doctor, fun to be.
But they're bundled by a party of marineries.
Oh, we're followed by the British as I said.
Oh, busiers are all voices on their head.
And our names on were raven by snakes, so on, they get in the kingdom of the takers away.
The hearts fired in a ghost snappy parade.
Oh!
We'll walk with it with the great diademical day.
Oh!
Integrate, fix it, wanna get there, dance.
We put the front and forth the bent out of this.
Oh!
Right to the Lord, give forgiveness with your joy, so closely appointed, you.
So, and down to this revival school, this fortune will be never with the rank and flow.
Oh!
We need this land, this gift of the way you hold for the hell you die.
Oh!
We need this land, this gift of the way you hold for the hell you die.
Bye, bye, bye!
