Alright, big tune in audience for that.
Panthers and Dallas.
Oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Third man.
I'll have a huge audience for that.
Real ratings builder.
Yes.
Well, you see they're just packing the joint over there.
Why do I hear this echo every morning now?
Can you hear that?
No.
I hear a big echo, big booming echo.
That's okay, maybe it's an omen.
Omen.
So how are you doing today?
What's going on?
Going to dignify the other place by talking about this crap.
Now, Dallas said it's a publicity stunt.
I don't give that much credit over there.
Yeah, like they will.
You know what, they would need to pull the plug on our antenna.
You're a tower.
And they still wouldn't have any audience to make a dent against what goes on here
between 10 o'clock and 2 o'clock.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, they're not making much of a dent the rest of the day either.
No.
But this business, well, the audience, and you talk about it, I'm sure, right?
You know what?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
I'm 79 in the ticket.
They got big news here.
They said Rosenberg walked out.
That's a bulletin.
Yeah.
For the 85th time, they got into a contract on here with his co-host, O.J. McDuffy.
Neither one of whom belongs on the air, by the way.
And John Weiner, the general manager who also doesn't belong on the air, said no,
the foreign doesn't belong in management either.
Right.
Doesn't belong in the business and didn't belong inside the building of any radio station.
It's been made.
Notice it's been made whether they'll be continue to be paired in the 10 to 1 slot.
McDuffy admitted he was upset because Rosenberg, while working alone, didn't spend more
time talking about the dolphins during Monday's show.
Rosenberg apparently stung by the criticism walked out of the studio during the first
hour of the program yesterday.
Well, what we do?
How many people heard that?
About third, man.
McDuffy says, I went off a little bit.
I didn't mean to go off.
I just wanted to hear a little more dolphin love.
Oh, God.
I hope we can work together again.
I'd love to work with him.
We're good.
We're family.
Rosenberg declined to comment.
And then Mark Eisenberg was kicked off the show by Rosenberg.
Eisenberg, Rosenberg, and Goldberg.
You ought to be over there, not.
Handle the final hour of Tuesday's program.
Meanwhile, Luke Shamby, very right, says Mollie, offered to become the radio announcer for
the meds.
So you know, Dan Welley, you have to be a moron not to take that.
Right, right?
Yeah, I hope he gets it.
What would it mean?
You hope he gets it.
They've offered him the job.
Oh, they did offer him a job.
He's got it.
He's got it if he takes it.
Why wouldn't he take it?
I don't know.
I think he will take it.
That means he'll be out of there.
Very, very sad.
I hope he takes it because then he will be the marlins.
Are they meds guy and Bob was shoesing is the jet sky and both of them started here as
producers with me.
Yeah.
So I'm glad to see that happen for them.
Well, yes, it is.
The stugots though.
Well, not everybody works out.
Can't be perfect.
You can only take them to the trough.
You know, whether they drink or not is up to that.
Exactly.
Whether they drink or maybe they just stink.
I don't know.
Yeah, well, that too.
So that's that's very big exclusive day about Sid Rosenberg and OJ McDuffee.
It probably isn't publicity stunt.
I leave it to Barry to be the one to write it there because he's trying desperately to
do it.
Let's have another from surprise.
It's not on the front page in the herald today.
Oh, it's big of the herald.
It's really fascinating to me how every day, every single day now, the sun sent us
got one story about the sloths thing and the herald story is almost diametrically
opposed.
Yeah.
And even if it's on the floor, there could be nine months.
Could be nine months before the first coins are dropped in the old slot is what the herald
says.
It's like a prank.
It's like a prank.
Drag in her feet and drag in her feet.
At least Castro got one thing right.
He said that the jet bush was a fat ass.
Not that it wasn't sent that for a long time.
Castro probably picked up my material.
I sent that into you yesterday.
I didn't know if they got it to you or not.
No, they didn't.
But I had sent our website, fat ass governor.
How could I miss that?
Yeah.
But this is a slot thing.
I guess, you know, they actually the Senate plan makes sense.
Yeah.
Because that's why the house won't go along with a sliding scale of taxation, depending
on how much money they generate.
But how the house deal is aimed at trying to like kill it.
It's aimed to try to like, it's like the whole concept of Tallahassee who are in partnership
with the permuchels and they do everything in their power to kill them.
And it's the same thing now.
You know, what kind of a partnership is that?
Same thing with the house.
Oh, 55% tax rate.
They can only have a thousand machines in each place and yadda yadda.
It's just a bunch of crap.
And it's typical 40.
You look at every place else, not just up here, but look at the Delaware and every place
where the slots came in and the permuchels are going through the roof and they're bringing
in all this money for the state.
And it's working like magic.
It's working fantastic.
And nobody forces anybody to go.
If you don't want to go and lose your money, don't go.
That's all.
I'm going to a clock this afternoon.
Make a nice contribution.
Now, the Senate plan is 35% on 125 million and 55% on 500 million.
Right.
Well, that's OK.
The sliding scale, right?
Why should there be any objection to that?
Yeah.
But of course, they're never going to make the 500 million if they don't let them have an
unlimited number of slots or at least 2000.
2000 is a pretty good number.
Woodbines got 17 numbers.
They're going up to 2400.
But 17 numbers, 20.
That's plenty of people.
Plunge in millions every day.
Believe me.
Trust me.
I can tell you.
But not as Florida, man, they just continue hanging on and hanging on.
And no matter what the thing that amazes me is that they're not like there's a revolution
ought to be going on.
Something ought to be happening.
Keep having elections about different issues.
And the public votes are one way.
And then it's like, well, we don't like it.
And I'll so I screw you.
And then the poll comes out about your fat ass governor in 52% say, oh, we like him.
Based on what?
Based on what?
Maybe they like a fat ass.
Maybe that's why we're doing so well.
Yeah, do you ever think about that?
Maybe Florida's the end of the guys with a big fat ass.
The governor's certainly doing well.
Because although I'll say our performance certainly exceeds his.
Jesus, God.
Where did they take that survey?
Probably in Ohamka.
The Lake Ohamka Turnpike Plaza.
Pensacola.
Two egg.
And in downtown Miami.
Yeah, no, in Sweetwater and Halea.
Probably a Rollshouse.
Now, you know, you can be a denial all you want.
But I mean, we've both been in Florida for a hundred years.
And the fact of the matter is that it's a redneck state.
It's a Yahoo state.
And to get outside of South Florida, outside of the three year or four counties, basically.
And it's, uh, it's like Alabama.
Like Mississippi, Louisiana.
It's a mugwump country.
That's it.
How are you talking?
Yeah.
How are you playing all those songs yesterday?
Yeah.
I like that.
Well, I was going to play music today.
Maybe that's our new format.
Oh, you know that's one.
Huh?
I know that one.
Oh, dude.
Bouncecare.
Oh, we've been on that same pitch for a little bit because you're saying I have an arrest rate.
Oh, it's on my time.
Paul and I were in the casino last weekend performing at the falls of your casino.
I saw them a couple of years ago in Las Vegas.
Yeah, how were they?
They were good.
I heard they were very good.
I have a friend that went with me to the falls and I didn't go to the show.
He did.
But I was too busy.
Tons of my guts out.
I went to see him at the Hilton.
They were good.
And if you play your cards right, I can't, I don't know what the date is, but it's got to be very soon.
Because it's almost the end of the year.
Sometime in December, Wayne Newton's at Fallsview.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a good reason for you to go and I recall.
He's going to be here too, someplace.
Yeah, next month.
Sad.
How very sad.
Well, the wainer is, uh, I don't think he has a lot of voice left.
Is that Wayne Newton or Wayne Heisinger you're talking about?
No, the Newton.
I'm burned out on that whole thing.
You're talking about that.
You're going to stay in fine if not the, I just, I can't, I can't exert one ounce of energy.
We're in about that crap.
I don't care anyway.
So, uh, who cares?
Yeah, well, you don't, you live in Toronto where you now have AJ Burnett.
That's, hey, what about these blue jays spending all of that money now?
They're spending the money like it's coming out of a faucet.
They spend 121 million dollars on two guys.
Right.
And they're playing in a place called the Roger Center.
I think it was nice of them.
Yeah, I haven't been there that long.
We named the state even honor of me.
They all got it.
The Roger Center.
You haven't been there that long either.
No.
Four years.
I don't care how many guys they sign.
I have to compete with the red socks and the Yankees.
That's not going to be easy.
They'll do it.
We'll see.
They'll be almost as hot as the Raptors and the Leafs.
In other words, Lukewarm.
More of the Raptors case.
Less than Lukewarm.
Tepid.
Well, on that note, we'll see what we got today.
We got Moe is back again today.
Two days in a row.
So, you don't have our direct TV.
We don't have our direct TV.
Oh, I'll be damned.
I thought that was being taken care of last week.
Duff.
Hey, Duff.
You're fair.
Well, you know, they're all too whipped up worrying about their own security.
We can't discuss the reasons why on the year.
But they're all likely.
There is a story here.
And the other thing is that we don't have a site for the Christmas party.
Really?
So, I'm not sure.
Probably we don't have room for any more trades on the log.
I don't know what that is.
I haven't been to work on the station.
I had so many trade outs on here.
This place has got...
I asked the other day, who's got all the Rolex watches?
You got one?
No.
I sure don't.
Maybe George has got it.
Yeah, I got it all right, but I didn't watch.
You know.
I just don't get where all this trade-out stuff is going.
I know who's got the Jaguar as I know that.
I don't know about that.
They've always watched I'm a Christmas party.
How do you know that?
Because I asked and they said,
where's a Christmas party?
And they supposedly had a site and then they've lost it.
And some other is no site for it.
I'll be damned.
Maybe sad if there was no Christmas party.
Yeah, what would Brett do?
The new sales guy, yeah.
Your boy, the beast was telling us the rest of that story.
I think I better tell out in the year later.
About that meal down there at Bernice at Bernie Coast,
our steakhouse, now he's trying to grab the beast salad
and everybody else's food and just...
Try to grab the beast food.
Yeah.
What is he crazy?
Well, he hasn't been around long enough.
Where do we find these people?
I still say that they must have it stamped on their forehead
loser and big bull letters.
Loser, New York loser.
We'll link to re-lock them.
Most of the people from New York,
how it's a 90% of the people from New York
who came to South Florida,
came because they failed there.
So that's why they came to South Florida.
That's not why I came.
Well, you were just a punk when you came to South Florida.
That's true.
Although Brett, he's just a punk too.
He's not going to succeed.
In fact, I would say, like by the birth of our country,
by the fourth of July, he'll be law.
He won't even be a memory.
What if our cable would be fixed by then?
What do you mean you're cable?
Do you mean your TV?
I don't have TV anyway.
I doubt it.
I was probably a lie about that.
I mean, it was only 1,300 bucks.
We could have taken up a collection among the employees
and if they're that desperate to pay the bill.
Yeah.
Any change in progress on the freaking stock exchange?
It's on the NASDAQ, BBGI,
and they can't get the direct TV cranked up again
because they won't pay a $1,300 bill
and haven't paid the bill for months and months and months and months and months.
So Brett, let's go to Wall Street and talk about this.
Maybe we'll get it.
Yeah, yeah. That'll really work.
Yeah, they know it.
But there's no sense to do things.
These people are with no shame.
And you'll recall that with our contract renewal negotiations
not too many months ago, you'll recall that whole episode.
I guess it's about a year ago now.
Yeah.
For a time sure flies.
That was a very pleasant time.
I survived.
I'd survived one year.
Yeah.
Two to go.
Now, how many suspensions in this year?
Only one for one day.
So lamenté uno, and that's not too bad.
No.
Well, let's talk about David Samson.
I'm due.
Let's talk about the Marlin.
I said...
I talked about that food in a press box.
Well, you know, the best part of it is
that people keep flying out the door at our joint,
because it was screw in that you got suspended twice over that bitch.
Well, she's long gone.
So you can't...
No, I was longer one suspension.
Huh?
That was the only one.
No, but it was...
They used that as an excuse the first time.
That was a live course, but that was the first time.
Don't you remember?
When you were talking about the food in the press box was the real reason.
Oh, I didn't know she had anything to do with that.
Oh, yeah.
But you were making terrible comments about her and the water Nazi.
Unacceptable.
About Greg's personal friends.
Because that's basically what it is.
It's a fraternity.
You know that, and we're on the outside looking in.
Or a sorority.
Well, that's another story.
You fairy.
Anyway, have a great day.
You too.
Got a break to do here any second.
Okay.
And say how to bread.
Speak you tomorrow.
How do you host?
Heat fans.
You're Miami here releasing a limited supply of previously held seats for sale of the general public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday.
October 4th at 10 a.m.
And start as low as $10.
And it's good.
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
Publicity's fine.
For unlimited supply, we'll go fast.
Call 1-800-4-NBA-Ticks.
Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticket master location.
Heat fans.
Mark your calendars for Tuesday.
October 4th at 10 a.m.
This is the day individual games tickets go on sale for all heat home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad.
With Shaq, T-Way.
Two-Hell-Bath.
Jason Williams, hands-wand walker and Gary.
Got a dental floss.
You love the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard yet live in constant fear of avian flu.
Well now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath.
Oh hey look honey.
It's a brown-headed cow bird.
It's beautiful and no longer contagious.
The electric bird bath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu or eradicating power.
Look honey, it's a white-rested nut hat.
Correction deer, it's a smoldering black-rested nut hat.
And if you order the electric bird bath now, we'll include a free box of polywanda and exploding cracker.
Pollywanda cracker.
The electric bird bath.
Because dying of avian flu is for the birds.
10, 13 and 5, 16 WKS kind of cute, ain't it?
Yeah it's cute.
You'll be pleased to know that once upon a time in the west and happy miss each have one vote now in our poll that's going on today.
Aren't you excited about that?
Well, nope.
I'm even more excited that it's already time for the first break.
10, 14 and 5, 60 WQM, we got Moa 2, we got Bull or Curtis at 4.
What kind of a schedule is that? Bull or Curtis?
Do we have an update on that?
Nope.
Jesse Agra with 7 and we got the Pantheon Preview Day to clock.
The Pantheons at the Dallas Stars to play the Stars with Mike Medano and Stu Barnes at 8.30 at nightfall by the Epcot Show.
Rich Room filling sound from your iPod, we're talking of course about the power of the Bose Sounddoch digital music system.
I keep hearing at the echo and I don't know what the last call about now.
Now, well what did you have seen out a lot better?
What did you have open?
You know, I'm going to tell you, I braved, I'll start this spot over in a second.
I braved the coldest day.
I've ever, I can't even imagine it being any colder than yesterday.
The windshield was minus 17 and I walked blocks to Kinkos to send out that FedEx.
So when it arrives today, you better kiss the package, okay? Kiss your package.
I will.
Well, the other said he would.
He's double-dead.
How psychically?
He just walked in here.
Who did?
Duff?
Yes.
And?
Or is that about the schedule as a Boa Curtis today between the 4 and 7?
Boat.
Okay.
Let me cross that on a schedule.
Like I started to say, rich room filling sound from your iPod.
It's the power of the Boa's sound doc digital music system, of course.
It brings the music on your iPod delight, even charges your iPod while it be planned.
Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear.
And that's because only proprietary Boa's technology lets you get the most of the music on your iPod.
The system is friendly with iPod.
iPod mini.
iPod Nano and iPod with video.
It's sleek appearance, soundlessly blends with your iPod almost any room-day core.
It's easy to use, even covers the remote that controls the sound doc system.
And basic questions for your iPod from across the room.
But the room filling sound of the Boa's sound doc digital music system delivery, new iPod experience.
Insert iPod, stick that baby in there and hear what happens.
Experience the sound doc today at Target or Tweeter or Shrupper Image or Circuit City or ConfUSA or Apple or Best Buy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516QA.
The Boa's sound doc digital music system delivery, new iPod, and Apple.
But now, the Boa technology is heating up even more.
Introducing the microwave bra, the bra with a built-in microwave.
Honey, I've got a surprise for you.
Is that a new bra?
Uh-huh.
And there's more.
Boop!
Buckhorn.
The microwave bra features two cups that quickly heat up two cups of coffee or soup or whatever your hungry man desires.
Honey, I need to heat up the leftovers.
Go ahead.
Help yourself.
I can never get these things open.
Just let me do it.
Tonight, dinner is on you with the microwave bra.
The best microwave ever.
Come and get it!
So Sodom walked out of the trial and just like OJ and what's his name walked out,
Sid the Rosenbergstein Golds, the Gold and whatever's name it.
And they've adjourned the trial to the summer 21st.
Any interest?
No.
Who cares?
20 past 10 at 560WQA and speaking of Iraq, only good news.
So let me entail good stuff.
Suicide bombers attacked in Iraqi police academy yesterday killing at least three dozen officers and students and wounding scores more on the day of scattered violence coinciding with the trial of starting with Sam and says here.
Now, what does that mean coinciding with the trial?
Has this been going on before the trial started?
Yeah, but you know, they like to say stuff like that.
I see.
This is the Washington Post, the allegedly liberal Washington Post.
The US military said the attack in crit around 1245 PM when two men detonated explosively and vested the police academy in Eastern Baghdad.
Among the wounded was an American contractor, a military statement said it said no US military personnel were in the attack.
One of the bombers blew himself up near a group of students outside a classroom with the academy thinking the source was a mortar or rocket attack.
Iraqi police officers and students fled to a bunker for shelter and inside the bunker was second bomber detonated his vest, more bloodshed and guts and stuff flying around.
But then again freedom is expensive, you know.
1710 votes on the podium.
Yesterday what radio station you listen to most from music?
South Florida is a vast wasteland when it comes to music on your radio.
Your radio is as worthless as last year's halava.
Don't listen.
They all suck 741 43.3%.
That was my vote and I would tend to agree wholeheartedly.
Even though I haven't heard the new mega 94.9.
How is it?
How does the mega 94.9?
Is that the Spanish?
No.
Yes it is.
Latin and proud.
Right.
Oh I'm not, excuse me, what about HDR?
Is that the one I'm thinking of?
The new rock station?
Right.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, nothing to hear here.
Like I said, 43.2% of the all suck satellite radio 201.
By the way, Howard is having several bomb movements today and the press will be there to cover them before he goes on serious satellite.
WBGG 130.
BOT 30, man.
Magic 101.
Love 94.77.
Kiss 76.
Underground slash pirate radio 61.
We're going to round your asses up and send you all to jail.
The coast 47.
Y133.
HDR 32.
The red OY 100s ass.
KP S 28.
Even with their very low power now.
WV UN 27.
Hot 105.
Not so hot only 26.
WRMF 22, which isn't even in the market.
It's a Palm Beach County station with 8 billion watts.
Power 96.
21.
Not our crowd at all.
And we totally disassociate from anything to do with MSF.
Some of our people will continue studying their pizza.
WJMA 20.
Mega 94.9.
17.
17.
You're people.
Incroyable.
WEDR 17.
WL YF Life 16.
The music of your life.
And if that's your life, all I can say is.
I have no life.
88.16.
What is it down in Homestead, in the Goulds, in the Ranger, in the Summer?
88.16.
WL YB 5.
WRTO RITMO 4.
WAMR and RMA.
Amor and Romancea.
And however you pronounce it was element of UNO apiece.
17.
Not too strong.
So anyway, before we delve into that movie thing and our God forbid, like you said, what they're going to be suggesting.
First of all, they don't understand the question.
It just, it wears me out, you know.
This wears me out.
Until payday, though, which is Friday.
Payday's Friday, Clarence.
This Clarence, there I haven't heard from him today.
He is here.
Well, it's got some stinkin' nerve, man.
I probably didn't want to tell him that payday was Friday again.
Well, actually, I'm glad that he did not come in because he just keeps whining about the same.
Ah, but I mean, I don't care.
Okay, whatever goes on there, that's your problem.
You deal with it.
All these insecure people.
And of course, I can understand why several other people in that place are insecure because they're only there at one individual's bidding, you know.
So that's why people are very nervous.
Anyway, very jackass rights.
And if you weren't listening when Hank was on what we did, our famous crossover.
In a development that's bizarre, this is very jackass this morning in the prestigious Harold, okay.
Which it may be just another stupid-ass publicity stunt, although it certainly isn't going to work.
Because if people are listening to them in the first place, they're not going to listen to find out, are they on today?
Are they talking to each other?
No, none of the people mentioned in this story other than Booster.
And none of these people belong on the year in the first place.
Barry, you idiot.
You cyphalton.
You fairy.
In a development that's bizarre, even for the bizarre world of talk radio, Barry, right?
Seven-Eighted A Ticket Host, Sid Rosenberg walked out of his show yesterday after an on-year squabble with his co-host and former dolphins receiver, O.J. McDuffie, who doesn't belong on the year to say hello or goodbye.
The station lady who removed McDuffie from the year for the final hour of the program, John Wiener, aka Stu Gottz, the Humpers former producer, who's that he's got a lot of money.
Seven-Eighted General Manager said no decisions been made about.
Here, what this is like, this is like if we said Jesse Adler, the General Manager at QAM.
What are you laughing about?
Todd Keller, the program director.
Anyway, John Wiener, the GM said no decisions been made about.
Well, they'll continue to be paired together and ten aimed to 1 p.m.
So only now will have to get a fiery porch from the audience and find out.
Somebody needs to tune in to find out if they're on together because we're very concerned about that.
McDuffie admitted he was upset because Rosenberg, while working alone, didn't spend more time talking about the dolphins during Monday show.
Why should he care about the dolphins? He's from New York anyway. He's probably a big jetspan.
You know, there's New Yorkers come down, pretend to be dolphin fans.
Rosenberg apparently stung by the criticism walked out of the studio during the first hour of the program.
Another one, he's went and down, he walks out. That's just a thing. He keeps like taking a walk.
I went off a little bit, McDuffie said. I didn't mean to go off. I just wanted to hear a little more dolphin love Monday.
Oh, that's just basically one of them. He's just happy they won.
Yeah, where is the love? Where is the love? I need some love. I need some novice.
By the way, if somebody teach him the meaning of those Zyiddish words, they're going to use Zyiddish on the air, Mo.
Just to figure out what they mean. I'll let them like tape.
I hope we can work together against this. Oh, Jay, I'd love to work with him. We're good. We're family.
Well, you made me family, but you sure as hell not good. Rosenberg declined to comment.
Mark Eisenberg, he got Rosenberg and Eisenberg and Goldberg, who was replaced by Rosen.
Eisenberg, who was replaced by Rosenberg last month, handled a final hour to his day's program.
And I wondered what Joel Feinberg thought about that. Huh?
Feinberg, Eisenberg, and Rosenberg, and Goldberg. You following the pattern here?
Oh, meanwhile, ESPN Informer Morons announced a Bug Shambi about the only Goi in this whole page here.
Seven Nights host from Monday 4 is molding an offer to become a radio announcer for the New York mess.
And if he doesn't take it, he's got to be crazy, even Joshua Grease would add. I do.
You have to be nuts. Number one market in the country, the METS mess. Wow.
Then he'd be, uh, then he's got a chance to be like a superstar.
The booster who's got a lot of talent, not a talk show who's never going to be a number was, but a good guy.
Well, until he teamed up, until him and Daniel Abastard started hanging it out, hanging it out together.
Now, today's poll, which we'll get to momentarily, we already have over a set 739.
And you'll be ecstatic to know that happiness has won vote.
And once upon a time in the West has got two. And that's because, see, happiness is much too heavy and disturbing for this audience.
Our audience is too emotionally delicate. They couldn't handle it.
This is really...
Not as if this is the show, but it's...
It's 5.69 a.k.a.
5.00 a.k.a.
This is in the first few movies he was just a kid, but now his voice is changing, and he's getting sick.
And on his upper left, he was growing further, that little Harry Potter, sure is a teenager.
He's formerly in awkward, embarrassed by a car.
It can't wait to get reminding, in the backseat of a car, things who get the first face, if he sends the magic words, that little Harry Potter, sure is a teenager.
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
Going through the G.
Where did he think his story has all gone?
He's in the bathroom again.
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
He's a teenage wizard, why is he a teenage wizard?
Look at the phones that go like crazy here.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
This guy told me I was the fire report, but it's just amazing.
They got a guy on there that will not criticize anybody or anything ever.
And he talked about two guys that it's the illiterate hour as you listen to him.
They looked careless upon that statement.
Yeah, exactly. Well said.
Thank you.
Well, obviously not too many because they're still doing a cheer.
Nice going, Joel. I find Berg and Eisenberg and Rosenberg and Goldberg and
Greenberg and what about Bob Greenberg?
Who? WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a question for you.
What about Eddie Iceberg? Yes, let us.
I think it was Iceberg, let us on the salad that Brett was trying to steal her from the beast.
Yes, sir, go ahead.
As far as this cut and run rhetoric from the Republicans towards the Democrats,
why not embrace it? Why not say yes?
We want to cut and run.
We want to get back on it.
Yeah, you know something.
The Democratic Party makes me want to vomit.
I saw that article this morning and I'm sure you did too about how the Democrats are like,
oh, oh, it may be bad strategy to be talking about cutting or...
The Democrats have to say they make it so obvious that they're political animals.
They don't care about the fact we were led into war based on lies.
And all these innocent people are dying.
All they care about is will it play in theory?
You know, Democratic Party deserves all the bad things that come to it.
They're mostly a bunch of whims. Nancy Pelosi finally grew up here
and Howard Dean continued to open it up a big mouth like he always does rightfully.
So, and right away, oh, Jesus, this may not be good for us.
Well, screw them, including Rahm Emanuel and a whole bunch of cowards.
All right, you know, you're back.
I hope they all are open, Julie Bremen.
Okay.
Man, speaking of Rosenberg and Solomon Dershowitz.
Dershowitz.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hey, where is it?
Don't think I'm a president like that. That's bad.
WDQ, why am hello?
Yes, well.
Yes, sir.
Are you going?
All right.
Listen to you every day. I look at show.
And you were talking about what you spread out articles that issued articles at all.
And, um...
Yes, I'm a right-hand margin, man. I've adjusted my margins at inelping.
What I do is I plan on my computer always to have my pen on purpose to landscape it.
Okay.
Okay, that's what I do.
If you want to do it, do it.
Also, because it's good for me, I'm having this done wrong, man.
And, most of the time, it's going to go. It's going to go.
It's going to go.
What's it, did he say?
Mr. Moman.
Oh, Mr. Moman.
All I heard was...
So, it's landscape.
I've got a lot of things to do here. I've got to go down and get that package.
Got to tune in here a little, Jimmy Cifilis.
Not thank God I can't hear that.
Boy.
Not to do enough harm to them when it was embarrassing play by plays on Sunday, Jimmy,
but not beyond a year to fill in.
To fill in?
And the sad part of it is, Jimmy's a good guy.
Like Hank, I like Jimmy Cifilis. He's a decent guy, but he's not ready.
For prime time, anytime.
Just not ready.
You follow him, Sam?
I'm saying it would be a great idea if they put him on there permanent from 10 to 2.
Yeah.
In fact, when the booster leaves 10 to 3, it sounds like a deal to me, doesn't it?
Sounds like a great deal.
Oh, yeah. Take up that whole rating, that midday rating thing, 10 to 3, all 5 hours.
They're Cifilis hour.
And you know what, I'm going to play when we come back and honor the Jimmy Cifilis hour.
Take it up.
I'll give you 40 guesses, Dion won't be too happy about it.
Forget about it, we're back on WHIK, Hank 103, New York's only country station.
That was that face Hillbrook.
Jeez, Mary did that guy who's all managed to pitch for the maths.
Hey, they could've used him this year, eh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, here's a no one from that carry underwear chick on the hips.
He's got a mess.
Hank 103, New York's that was Jesus' take to wheel.
Hey, now for not, and I got in the cab the other day, and it wasn't Jesus behind the wheel.
You know what I'm saying?
But it was some guy who smelled like he'd been dead for 2,000 years.
He's a new Kenny Chesney.
Honey, nice.
Oh, that's Kenny Chesney over here.
He was Mary good at drawing from the Jerry Maguire, huh?
She dumped him after she looked at it at cowboy head.
He isn't sought.
Wronged on worse than Julianne's.
Hey, hey, hey, here's a new George Strait on WHIK, New York's only country station.
He wonders how.
He's back in knockdown.
George Strait on WHIK, New York doing she let herself go.
Obviously, a song about Winona.
Hey, hey, hey, George Strait, what a last name like that.
You'll never play Broadway.
We'll be back with more country heads after these messages.
Don't go.
No way.
Take one on trade.
When it comes to...
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
All the slime all the time.
It's the moment, the moment, the moment, the moment.
It's the moment.
Hooray!
Hi, obviously, you noise enjoyed.
But you was easy!
Oh, Derek, you're slowing the frame and tempo, please.
You think he'd enjoyed you break it?
Oh no.
At the door of the door, you took it too.
And now, please...
I think so, NPCs, that you can either den nutzen wanna.
Game is Double K, you know I must code blanks to threaten him.
You mean to the part of the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door?
It's a pain of death!
When I used my own soul as a rightful idol,
Ah, yes!
What were you doing?
I came to settle all the pain
They beat me out of the darkness
The door to the door to the door to the door to the door
Baby, the door to the door
You got to beat me out of town
This is the door to the door to the door
The door to the door?
The door to the door to the door
To the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door
You and the door to the door to the door to your door to the door?
You drive the car, you drive the car, you drive the car!
The door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door, to the door to the door to the door door to the door
Youibly, silver, leather
What else do we do in the waiting Camp?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I ain't never said no to the door.
No, I need to do it.
I need to do it.
No, I need to do it.
I get to do it right here.
Oh, speaking of that, don't forget we have to pan through
game tonight from Dallas with Gully and Nassali S. Red,
you're Andy.
Jeff Faxson says, when Jimmy Cipolis is doing the
offense game and something happens to get him
excited, he changes voice and sounds just like Ethel
Merman, check it out to Jeff.
I don't need to Jeff already heard many reports.
And they all verify exactly what you'd be saying.
Ethel Cipolis.
Well, what kind of a team has a play by play guy named Ethel
Cipolis anyway, huh?
That means when they have Ethel Kennedy, right?
Ethel Merman, but Ethel Cipolis.
And thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices,
by the way, speaking of Ethel.
My good, I already have struggles for freedom.
Oh, yeah, freedom at the pump.
790 people sound a pool today.
What's the pool today?
Neal, well, I'll tell you.
Other than Godfather's part, the first one on
the second one, and you know what's
how I didn't say part one and two.
Yeah, other than the Godfather's, what movie has had the
most sensational acting performances?
Now, maybe Godfather III would qualify for the greatest
of bad acting performances, right?
But the best, the most sensational, in other words, a movie,
not just a movie that was great, but that everybody who was
in it was just outstanding.
See, there just aren't that many of those.
Now, cook who's next is a way ahead, 134.
And rightfully so, why not?
What everybody was great in there for Mr. Martini.
They were and the chief and nurse ratchet.
And of course, Mr. McMurphy,
McMurphy and Billy, but the vivid all of them.
Characanquinemption 806.
In fact, actually, I think that movie was filmed at QAM.
Wasn't it the cook who's next?
Characanquinemption 86.
Yeah, Mr. Mancini, Mancini was a man of Belle.
Ben Gary Glen Ross 77, Scarface Fitty by Fitty.
Pufflips now 49.
Godfellas, good fellows 48.
The Kilomockingbird 37.
Network 35.
Schimbers List 32.
Oh, I got to see that.
Yeah, he did.
Oh, I get some of my list.
Doctors, doctors, strange.
Did you watch the way to gun yet?
No, but I know.
But why not?
I'm saving it for the weekend.
Gosh, dang it.
I go and spend all that money.
Amazon.com and I zoom that thing down there.
It's in your hands yesterday.
Right.
And you're still squeezing it.
I'm telling you, it's pretty good.
I can't wait to watch it, but this weekend.
It's better than pin.
And pin was fine.
I mean, nothing wrong with pin, but it's better.
Schimbers List 32.
Doctors, strange.
There's a 30-dumistic river 24.
I remember the Mystic River Bridge in Boston.
I think I saw the Mystic River.
What is that?
I don't know.
I didn't see it.
Well, Google it.
It sounds like I've seen it.
I'm pretty sure I've talked about it.
I did see it.
And what is it?
Good performances to be sure.
Well, that's what I hated that whole way.
Just about one.
Someone gets accused of a crime they didn't commit in blah, blah, blah.
Oh, well, what's that kind of thing with the Mystic River Bridge?
I don't think it is.
I think it's the Mystic River.
Anyway, it's got nothing to do with the England.
Unlike harmony, for example.
Gone with the wind 23.
The excess is 23.
On the waterfront 23.
Hey, Stella!
He could have been a contender.
Marlon Brando and Lijay Cobb and what's your name?
Eva Marie Saint.
K9 Mutantly 18.
Wasn't that the one that Robert Francis was in?
Great said Teenie.
Yeah, 16.
Magnolia 15.
Now that should be doing better than that.
But like you said, nobody's seen it.
Easy Rider 14.
Requiem for Dream 13.
Should be doing much, much better.
Oh, yeah.
Gaines in New York 11.
Monsters Balls 9.
Should also be doing much better.
Chinatown 7 Sunset Boulevard 7.
They're not old enough to remember Gloria Swanson.
I'm ready for my close at Mr. Dan.
Mulan Rouge 4.
We're a window 4.
That was his favorite.
You fairy.
Man, I'm sure in candidate 4, once upon a time in the West 2,
in happiness, Solomon Te Uno out of 800 and 3 votes only 1.
Now I think they liked it.
They're just afraid to admit to it because we're going to think
there are a bunch of pedophiles.
He wasn't the only character in the movie.
I mean, he was tragic and pathetic.
But the movie was really about the parents and the three daughters.
Right.
It was about the lives of the three daughters.
The whole family.
The whole dysfunctional family.
And Ben Gizar was daddy and Louise Lasser was mommy.
And it were like their marriage was all screwed up.
And it were like part and company.
And he was sleeping on the couch and also sleeping with other dysfunctional
bitch in the condo.
And the daughters, all three of them were screwed up.
The one became the famous writer.
And she had problems.
She had issues.
They all had issues.
To say the least.
And then of course there was a what's your name?
It was married to the pedophile.
So that was a big part of her problem.
Plus the fact she was a simple, simple, and a bimbo.
And the other one was the joy.
Now it's just a little bit slow.
So that's why I think of that thing on passions where everybody hates each other.
The fictitious town that it takes place in a new England is called harmony.
So you see the irony there.
It's called harmony.
Everybody's in each other's throat.
I get it.
And in this movie, the most dysfunctional of the three daughters,
which is Sandela Herne was Joy.
Who was the most joyless creature you've ever seen in your life.
She was just a mess.
An absolute mess.
Her life was a mess.
She looked a mess.
And of course that Russian that she went up in the sack with.
He was a real mess and also a thief.
At least he totally was a thief.
Can I at least have my guitar and CD player back?
Oh, that is so good.
So it's a great cast.
And of course the dog.
Yeah, he didn't have a lot to do except at the very end.
But he sure he did just the right thing at the right time.
Anyway, they don't like it.
They didn't see it.
They have no idea what it is.
You know what?
Most of you are better off.
Mayor James E. West, mostly of office this month,
actor voters recalled him in a special election sparked by allegations
he used a city computer to win a game and over the end.
That this is the spoke-can mayor recalled in last night's election.
West, 54.
I wonder if he's kind of Randy West.
Mostly this position when election results are certified December 16.
He hasn't been charged with a crime yet.
But FBI agencies, computers from his home as far as investigation,
I said I'd divide by the will of the voters obviously and they've spoken
West said I'm at peace with their decision and disappointed.
The recall election was launched by a local resident Shannon Sullivan
who said she felt vindicated by the results.
West, a former Boy Scout executive and sheriff's deputy,
was elected mayor of Spokane in 2003 after serving more than two decades
as a conservative Republican in the state legislature
where he voted against gay friendly bills.
A little more than half of the 110,000 ballots male the voters
were counted the first batch of results for the last night.
Although 65% voted to recall him only 35% said I'll leave men there,
the old pervert.
The recall campaign began after the spokesman review newspaper
reported in May that West was a closet home assessor who visited gay chat rooms
using his own city-owned laptop computer and offered internships
and other favorites to young men he hoped to have sex with.
How do you like that?
And there you fell.
Yeah, so he's out.
I told you that was a good news paper.
They spoke in what is it?
Stokesman review.
Disposurement?
Right.
The EM read a comment at a what?
No.
Let's get some more movies for this poll.
I got the new book of Brian, this too, as a matter of fact.
I know how it is.
With the holiday season upon it,
can't be and I have decided to step out of the carotid and spread the legs of Joyce around you.
And it comes to people who hear, comes to people who say,
I'm going to be some fun order now.
My mother would have told them I am into my mouth.
Can't think of a woman.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I can't do it around.
I can't get bored.
I'm getting high on a high holy day.
I'm going to stay home.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
I love talking to her.
That was a good start.
Here's a good fact, too, that idea.
I almost put this on in myself.
I figured if I put them all on it,
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
I would put them all on it.
And we have to repeat this record on every Brit
a word every gadget
us see it in every day now he's going to do that while he's peddling trying to get
public support for the war and we're going to be right there to help him if he's
speaking if he's talking to himself in the tea room we're going to put it on the
ears so we can like to persuade the American public that all this death and
destruction and bloodshed is good for the world it's good for you.
Thrive concepts is a going strong man I've been talking about them for over 20
years now because I've been using them in my homes for that long but with the
holidays upon us it's time to make the call to have your home sanitized not just
your carpeting all kinds of all of these all of these things as well like a
poultry cleaning leather cleaning drapery cleaning or we have a rug cleaning water
damage restoration pet odor treatments mattress cleaning of dust mites and so
much more and during this month during December drive concepts has got a special
offer to keep us sleeping like a baby no matter how clean your home is it's
almost impossible to eliminate those nasty microscopic dust mites and you
also know that dust mites are the number one cause of allergies they're
opinion the arse so do yourself and a favor your family a favor get rid of those
dust mites they by calling dry concepts so whether it's your carpeting your
poultry leather furniture drapery or we're gonna rush on this month special
dust mites cleaning the only company ought to be thinking about his dry
concepts they do a phenomenal job at a very fair price and a written guaranteed
price to up front before they start doing their spectacular job and date
brow of the Palm Beach is called ride concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071 that's
1-800-248-5071 or log under their website at dryconcepts.com don't forget
with dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight this is
Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
this is the Neil Rogers show this is your brain any questions
here's my story said but true about a girl called
this morning
I asked a super question or
we put 12 angry men on the pool or not
yeah we did where the hell is it right there
right right there you're sitting on it because it's your right now my pool
oh okay I see what happens the Eric a cost grew up the oh I'll fix that oh
I understand in other words that the it went on tomorrow's poll it went on
tomorrow's poll well this is what happened we start doing all these polls at
the same time well I know that is well in other words we can't walk in two
gum at the same time we got zero four does he know what to make an adjustment
yeah out of here go see a chiropractor if he didn't adjustment okay cut the
crap fatso and what was the other one to see there were a couple other ones
that we had put on here and I noticed it's the same pile that we had started
with well I'll tell you this this place I think I'm gonna pull a Sid Rosenberg
and walk out that's what ducks suggested should be a publicity stunt from
pages of the papers tomorrow I could be a woodbind by 1130 what do you laugh
in about what do you laugh in about that every every damn thing we try to do
it's better be careful we are get this done you come on just slap it on there
Eric you'd have a garbage all the reason when to find job again these polls
ready for me to like switch switch to pull and what the hell how would that fit
in tomorrow's poll I don't think that it's a fit soon you don't understand and
you don't want me to explain it to you I don't want you to explain to me I don't
want to know I just want to see 12 angry men because it'll go get a lot of votes
anyway what's this thing you just said to me conservative you said a
conversion campaign there's another page if you want it no trying to counteract
the loss of membership in vitality and one of Judaism's principal groups the
conservative movement yesterday launched with the leader said it'll be an
aggressive effort to convert to Judaism the Gentiles spouses and children of
Jews have made outside the faith in other words goyem the movies of
breakwood centuries old Jewish tradition of shunning conversion efforts in
other words live and let live an aversion traceable to the that's the only
pretty much the only two good things I could say about Judaism is that and the
cuisine deli other than that tell with it an aversion traceable to the
hostility that such efforts generating countries with Christian or Muslim
majorities even the wise Jews didn't consider the idea of converting Gentiles
until late 20th century the new policies needed to preserve Jewish families in
the face of high rates of intermarriage and assimilation among American Jews
said rabbi Jerome M. Epstein chief executive officer of the
Hudson and Gargobach a lot of crap here's something more important okay
governor Jeb Bush said yesterday that's your fat ass governor Jeb Bush that he
was honored that Cuban president Fidel Castro referred to him as president
Bush's fat little brother in Florida see I'm not the only one who knows you've
got a fat ass president well even even that bearded jerk Fidel knows that it's
out there everyone can see it yeah Castro made the comment while wondering if
the governor had helped a suspected anti-cumeteris enter the U.S.
Cwendo Transfer Police Monday and is November 17th speech at the University of
Havana students responded with laughter I'm flattered and honored fat ass
Bush said with a smile but then turn serious I will take any criticism from
Fidel Castro all people is in honor given the fact that you know eight million
people I believe live on the island eight million people are repressed and
they've been that way for 40 or 50 years thank God we got free honest
elections in Florida Jeb and then when the people of the state vote for
something you have to man to make them sure that they get what they voted for
not to be criticized by a man like that who's repressed people for such an
extended period of time is a high honor Bush and he can call me whatever he
wants oh how about ask how about that okay that would be good this is a good
one for the poll if we get it on their deliverance yes it is how do we ever leave
that out even Ronnie Cox is good man movie I can't stand him he just gives
some I know he's he's always never she you know yeah that's what he's supposed
to be that's that's right and I will be anyway in his speech Castro insisted
his comment was intended as constructive criticism forgive me for using the
term fat little brother the Cuban leader said it's not a criticism rather
suggested they do some exercises and go on a diet don't you think I'm doing
this for the gentleman's health Bush 52 this is according to the Sun
several article Bush 52 is put on a few pounds since taking office in 1999
October he told pupils of telehassy elementary school that he hasn't been
walking enough that children were urged to wear pedometers and take 10,000 steps
a day to keep it but Bush managed only 735 steps that day how much 735 steps
is probably just not the one from his big Lincoln cotton it'll be a door at the
rehab clinic where his whole family is hanging out and then back in the limo
again let's see training day why are there no wal-marts in Iraq too many
targets that's cute that's it I like that training day for the point got it we
got it we're going to add these on air we just I just playing with an empty deck
here we're good now I see I see Donnie Darko was on there in 12
angry men which 12 angry men's already got no votes and then this one training
day training bra training day simple crap speaking of crap a signal to the
world financial community oh god it's just pop pop pop pop why don't you just
make it all Bush all day instead of CNN it's a B a D all Bush all day
man in those Orthodox Jews I'll think it's a some kind of a Jewish station
Ha-Bah and now what it is a B a D Ha-Bah
WQ a.m. Hello come in a Q a.m. Hello
Bill yes sir I got one for you yes
no sir documentary there are no acting performances in the for 9 9 11
that's that's a sad part people like Dick Clark they're not acting direct
and natural that's really good when I cute yeah
9 9 11 sure it was meant to be cute yeah yeah I'm very clever just like
I'll be honest people sit out there for hours and hours what can I say what can
I do it I really bust his ball luckily like that Friday's payday maybe not
gonna do as good as a big fat one headed my way and there's probably a big fat
one headed Georgia's way to be able to afford it on Friday because you got
your bonus check in there from the reading there from the summer book it was
like the this is the middle of December he's getting the bonus from the summer
reading book that that that's just pathetic is what that is whatever yeah my
life not to mention maybe getting reimbursed for all I money they could
have got no oh you already got it all yeah all right all right well wait a
minute let me just I just like to cancel that birthday check yes
wm hello it burns on a pee wm hello yes sir I want a big and plead with your
audience to please not buy Chinese this Christmas for any other Christmas
why is that because there's a bunch of commies man and all I'm
yeah there we go again it's all you know man come on Easter come on Easter come
on Easter there's a billion in a little Chinese man and if we're going to
Chinese I handled all of the debt of this country you'd be you'd be right now
I'll stand in the supply okay if it wasn't for the freaking Chinese the really
sad situation one of these days is gonna say oh guess what we change your mind
I have with you and your current and by the way thank you also Mr. President
for that great American dollar Canadian dollars all the way to 86.5
cent oh brother what was us thank you mr. a butchmeister
and in a famous phrase to seize defeat from the jaws of the coming victory there you go
that's it that's what he knows how to do seasoned defeat from the jaw from anybody's
jaws just like a brat was trying to do season a season lunch from other beast
jaws oh bro dangerous that's dangerous activity yeah
somebody else help right you don't be trying to steal any of the beast food
dinner any other time idiot that I'll leave it to the beast to tell the whole
story next week when Josh's on vacation and beast is sitting in there I'll
let him tell the whole story about his experience with our sales hole
Brett from New York or real jackass an idiot nice higher there again man I'm
telling it last few years this radio station has made some of the most
phenomenal hires I'm surprised we didn't hire Sid Rose the star Rosen
Blattstein whatever his name is Berg well just wait oh that's right he probably
would be available pretty soon 12 in fact I listen
Moe hasn't been able to do a show with anybody else everybody else he's had
little falling out with it's one of those things hard you know working with
the partner maybe Moe and Sid right and Sid the kid what do you say got a lot
of counter right from New York right they're both the good Jewish boys
they're both on the temperamental side right absolutely there you go I
think I think that's a winner oh sorry it's too good
probably it's after 11 at 560 WQM Pompadot Park racing and poker is all like
plunging action you want featuring live harness racing and the great poker
card room Pompadot Park is open every Wednesday like today Friday and
Saturday and best of all I've mission in parking like always they're free at
Pompadot Park come root home a winner from the railroad to a poker in the
smoke-free card room with tournaments every day also of course cymbal
casting every single day seven days a week with harness
turbot highlight action from all across North America post time is 725 and a
PM in the card room opens at noon so unless then hour there'll be a
doing it coming joy find dining in the top of the park restaurant in the
sixth floor every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night at Pompadot Park with
draft beer hot dogs sodas and lots more just a bucket piece Pompadot Park a
block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road call 9-5-4-97-2-2000 for all
the information in the racing schedule or visit their website at Pompadot Park.com
don't forget the poker room opens in less than an hour at noon today and
live racing tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday now at Pompadot Park.
This is Neil Rogers is 516-Q-A-S.
Ah, sports fans!
I'm sick of eating 100 of it.
My usual producer is at a young republicans' clean rally.
And by now I guess he's just hanging around.
I mean while I'm stuck with this kid over here.
I know most every big shot bought off in the city.
Who the hell are you?
Josh?
Ray, you listen to me.
My young celery and toy and friend.
I'm on the payroll.
Well, you listen to me.
My celery but inexperienced friend.
The video over two years now.
Well, you listen to me.
My underrated friend.
From 27.
Well, you listen to me.
My old enough to be my younger sister friend.
Did it?
Not yet.
There might be something.
You know that, I will just don't die.
Well, you listen to me.
My unenformed child like friend.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Not again.
Not again.
There's mushrooms in my pants.
And I'd have a little brain jiggle.
That ain't good.
And...
Move, get a ball for you.
I'm gonna lose.
No!
I'm gonna lose.
I'm gonna lose.
I'm gonna lose.
Oh, five stars.
Yes.
And my fish like fish.
So after all this time we finally found out he was...
He was actually extricating Martins from his pants.
That was it.
Not single berries.
That's right.
Although Dingelberry is certainly a well this time of the year.
Kind of a holiday song.
Dingelbell Rock.
884 votes on a pool.
Movie with the greatest acting performances.
Everybody's fantastic of all time.
One full over the cook who's missed 153.
Nobody's gonna catch that.
Nope.
Characanc Redemption 96, I'll take your word for it.
Glenn Gary Glen Ross 83.
You fairy.
Apocalypse now 56.
Good fellas 56.
That's not...
No.
Well, whatever.
Whatever you say.
I like the movie but to say that all the acting was great.
Right.
Right over there.
Right over there.
Right over there.
That's all the good coats.
It was all right.
It was a good movie but I don't know.
Scarface 54.
Paul Servena would have been in the night say,
Hey, it's got a shot.
To kill a mockingbird 42.
Network 37.
Should I have a lot more?
You...
I just...
There's too many Josh Cortes' running around out there.
It's just don't get it.
I think the movie is way above most of the people in the USA.
They don't comprehend it.
They don't get the significance of it.
Dr. Strange Love 33.
Shindler's List 32.
Mystic River 27.
George says it was really a depressing...
It was...
It was...
Tevi...
On...
Huh?
Tevi drilled up a depressing...
On the Waterfront 25.
The Exorcist 24.
One incredible acting.
Lee J. Cobb was great.
Answer the question, Father Paranoia.
He was really good.
I just love Lee J. Cobb.
Maybe it's that bald spot.
Gone with the win 23.
Came Newtonly 21.
Magnolia 17.
Great Santini 16.
What is her name?
Black Tanner.
Yes, Blaine.
He's good.
Requiem for Dream 16 should have been much higher than that.
Should be zooming up the list.
Are you kidding me?
I thought it was a great movie.
Even the mailman was good in that.
The doctor.
The doctor was fantastic.
He was like almost every doctor ever seen.
A.O. has never even looked at her once.
Never even looked at her.
That's here some more pills.
Uh-huh.
And she's sitting there like her teeth are chattering away.
And she's like, uh, got the bumblebees crawling over.
Easy Rider 14.
Gangs in the York 13.
Monsters balls 11.
Chinatown 8.
Sunset Boulevard 7.
Mural Rouge 6.
Manchurian candidate 5.
We're window 4.
Once upon a time in the West 3.
Training day 1.
12 Angry Men 1.
Happiness 1.
Deliverance and Donny Darko don't got none.
Now I didn't put once the time in America
because James Woods was in it.
Okay, good choice.
What do you mean?
Do you think that belongs right there?
Uh, I would.
There were a lot of very good acting.
There were a lot of good acting.
But by the time it ends, you forgot all about it.
What do you mean by that?
Because it's so long.
You're just gassing for air by the end of it.
Oh, yeah, it goes down for about 20, 30 hours.
Keep your office straight anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and the Verizon singular,
wireless line.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, me.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Let me just turn you down here.
Hey, what about Donny Brasco?
That was a great film with great acting.
You're right.
I would agree with that.
I'd vote for that before we do.
Forget about it.
Forget about it is right.
Thanks, Pally.
Donny Brasco, not to be confused with Donny Darko or Ridpullis.
With Johnny Depp.
That's what they don't want.
They don't want to vote for him because Johnny Deppson.
And he's like, uh, he doesn't look freaky in that movie.
Donny Brasco.
Well, he's got a lot of dipty doing his hair.
That's kind of frizzy.
That's that little guy.
Is he dipty doing it?
He's got a lot of money begging for years.
What's that?
Donny Brasco.
I got it in the other, I'm a chef in the other world.
I'm going to give you about three times to do.
Well, listen.
I get emotional when I see my buddy Johnny Depp.
I think back to that day when I had my chance.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
All right.
I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
Pop by the movie.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P.
We're up.
I am the toy man.
Toy, toy, toy, toy, toy.
Toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy.
Okay.
All right.
What an impact this man has had on his market.
He'll be here at two, by the way.
All right, all right, all right.
Hang on.
Hang on, loosely.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
WQYM OLA.
You ain't no, Mrs. Aya.
You're more of the week at best.
A T-shirt at bed.
WQYM, hello.
Gosh, I need to be tested for this.
This is real bad.
WQYM, hello.
Sounds like it.
QYM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for you, Paul.
You're awakening.
The Robin Williams.
The Robin Williams.
Yeah, with Robin Williams and Robert De Niro.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Robin Williams was in it and he's talking about great acting.
I'm going to leave a little scratchy, sure, nothing over there.
I better not be getting sick after that long walk I made yesterday.
Delivered that package.
That would be freezing cold.
Minus 17 windshield, socios.
Oh, brother.
That would be all Josh's fault.
That's exactly correct.
Hey, you're just a good guy.
Is that federal or anything?
Or what? It's the rest of you, George.
All right, I'll keep checking.
Keep checking and finding.
If I get sick, since it's going to you, just hang on to it.
If I get sick before the end of the show.
All right.
I think you're feeling better already.
Yeah. Since Josh got you sick, he ought to do the show.
There you go. You're turn.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Pretty good, pal.
Also, happy related to the birthday, George.
Well, thank you.
How about it, African Queen?
I agree with that.
The African Queen? Yeah.
Yeah, well, happy boar guard.
I know the movie. I've seen it.
I was going to say 12 angry men, but George said that it's excellent.
Okay, thanks, pal.
See you guys have a great day.
And you too.
The African Queen and Johnny Mantis was not in that movie country.
There were a lot of popular rumors.
Hey, Johnny. You're fair.
I'm not going to be the top ones because Cooper's nest is way, uh,
Donnie Darko.
Donnie. Donnie. We almost got her votes.
We're going to do a thousand in today.
Holy crap.
I think I'm ill.
Oh, we're going to look a little bit of a scratch.
That's not a good sign.
Deliverance. None.
Donnie. Brasco. None.
That's just what I'm tapping.
It's the only one they hate that they haven't seen it.
12 angry men won.
The ones at the bottom make a chance.
Training base got two and that's, uh, that's it.
I thought we put a whole bunch of other ones on there.
They're all there, though.
I think you're pardoned.
No, that's, that's not me.
From the bottom, those are the ones we put on.
The new ones. They can do nothing.
They're not doing spit.
Now, I don't see, I don't see anyone that we put on this morning.
That's, uh, got more than like, uh, I wanted to, uh,
or, or several of them were gone.
Oh, big, oh, oh.
By the way, the big always going over across the street.
He's going to be doing mid days.
Him and Todd Keller are going to be doing mid days over at, uh, 790.
Now, we like Todd Keller. Let's keep him around.
Hey, Todd. You fairy.
What do you say? Yeah, like, I don't know him.
Have I ever met him? I don't think so.
Yeah, that's good. Good guy.
Well, we like Todd Keller. He's got a good guy.
Of course, he's got a real problem though with the, uh,
some of those people in the afternoon that he works around in near and next to and stuff like that.
But we won't, we don't want to go into that. We don't want to do personalities like somebody says.
We don't want to get into personalities.
It's dependent on the air. Unless, of course, it's somebody that, uh, destroyed our day.
Where is the love? Where is the love?
This is Neil Rogers.
Who could go to Gordon's?
He's 5'16-Q-A-E-F.
Keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism.
In the tradition of Edward Imero, see it now.
5'60-W-Q-A-E-F presents now, see here, with Mohawid David.
That is Mohawid David.
Now, see here. Got a new gig in here, man.
And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is to.
Now, see here, who did more for radio.
Neil Rogers or Hoeyboss Garandasin.
Ah!
I said Hoeyboss Garandasin.
That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radium.
And at tightsmok, he ain't no mayor.
Why Hoeyboss Garandasin sang nice song.
Oh, he had a...
Yeah, he was obviously not singing his song.
But not at all.
We didn't know Hoeyboss.
Why sure?
That's Neil singing the discouraging songs about the Hoeyboss.
And then a pack of the one who he writes in it and he'll sing them.
Now you know he's queer.
Because real men don't sing.
And another thing, Hoeyboss Garandasin.
With a lot better than Neil Pooke, that's the hands we've made him do best.
On the next installment of,
I'll see here who made a better cup of coffee.
Mrs. Olson or Jackie Robinson.
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for a moment, Dignitz.
And I'll see here not there over here.
You'll ever guess what Moey was on last night.
The Jackie Robinson story.
Get on.
True story.
Was it?
Did I watch it?
No.
1132 and 560.
But Moe will tell you all about it.
I'm sure he's probably got a copy on DVD and on his DVDs at home.
While he's picking out them Martians.
Here's a fact that says, for your list, any of the Melvverks movies,
he always had the best stars.
Harvey Korman, not Gorman.
Gene Wilder, Terry Gar, Madeleine Con.
Madeleine Con.
What about her?
The guy with the eyes, Igor, and Marty Feldman.
Tom Dulles, etc.
Well, that's fine.
But there's a comedy.
So how can you have the best acting in a comedy?
That's acting.
No, I know what the acting would.
Huh?
I would give it to young Frankenstein if we were going to put a comedy on there.
Young Frankenstein?
I.
Now go along with that.
That was good.
5605-60, how about the re-incarnation of Peter Proud?
See, I like that movie.
I don't think you and me are the only ones that ever saw it.
What's that?
The re-incarnation of Peter Proud.
I'm just joking when I say that.
And the acting was good.
I mean, wasn't it a TV movie?
No, it was not a TV movie.
Are you crazy or what?
Well, I'm not on TV.
Well, of course you saw it on TV back then.
Sooner or later you see everything on TV.
You know, not back then I saw it in the theater.
Okay, it was in the theater movie.
The re-incarnation of what's his name?
Michael Serison and Jennifer O'Neil.
Right?
Oh, okay.
You don't think so?
That was an IMDB in it.
And the actress had played her mother.
Oh, she was really something.
Because the mother, that was his, wasn't the story that was his wife
from his previous life?
Yeah.
I forgot.
I was a little shy.
Come on.
That was, he was re-incarnated as the Peter Proud.
But he was, in his previous life, he was her husband.
Okay, here's one that says, oh, look at this.
Uh-huh.
I've been through it a lot of lists away, but they make at least one good point.
How can you have a pool like this not have the following?
And then they say, gone with the wind, first move with the cursor.
Well, gone with the wind is on there.
What is wrong with you?
You're chewing us out.
And if you look at the pool, you see the problem with the wind is on there.
Doomcuff has got 24 votes for Christ's sakes.
Oh, this is not for you, man, no matter what you do.
How could you do this and not by the end of that?
How could go ahead and of course go ahead and win?
It's on, it's got 24 votes, schmuck.
According to this.
Yes.
Margot Kitter was in that movie.
She played the mother.
Marcia Curtis?
Wow, how old is Margot Kitter?
100?
No, Marcia Curtis played the mother.
Oh, what did Margot Kitter play?
10th?
Marcia Curtis.
Oh, that was her.
That was Margot Kitter.
Like I said, that was her name in the movie.
The character was Marcia Curtis.
That was Margot Kitter.
I just told you that.
It's an old movie.
What's the year for that movie?
About 60 something, 72.
So what was it a year?
75.
75.
So that's how old that movie is?
Oh, that movie.
So in other words, if she was not your right.
Well, she played the mother.
She was like maybe 60ish in that movie or 50 something anyway.
But yeah, with makeup, she can play whatever else she wants.
Right.
Previous wife, Margot Kitter.
Right.
Platoon.
Full metal jacket.
Saving private Ryan.
Close and present danger.
Lenny Bruce don't know the title.
Dog Day afternoon.
And of course, don't know the title.
I saw it on the Bruce movie.
And by the way, you know, it was pretty lame.
Yeah, I had it's moments.
But it's not.
See, they don't even understand the answer.
This is called the Lenny Bruce story.
Well, whatever was called.
But dog day afternoon, certainly.
All the acting performances were sensational and dog day afternoon.
Yes, they were.
I can't pick a bad one.
Addica.
And of course, I'm dying out of here.
Right.
Addica.
Okay, dog day afternoon.
Of course, Frato was in there.
Yes, he was.
And he was not gay.
Okay, make sure everybody knows that he's not gay.
The reporters are telling people that I'm a home, a home of such.
And of course, Al Pacino's husband.
I mean, wife.
I mean, whatever that thing was.
And I can't stand him, by the way.
I can't either.
I already told you that many, many times.
He gave me shpilky's.
I hate Chris Miranda.
And he was always in.
It was an ad Dracula movie.
Yeah, he was horrible.
And that not Dracula, but some.
What about that?
Yeah, one of the vampires.
One of the vampires.
With Roddy McDowell.
You're right.
Roddy.
He's dead.
Right.
Right.
That was it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's feelings over now.
Well, that's feelings over now.
Senate panel approve sliding scale tax rate for slot machines.
It's a good machine, man.
What are we going to do about this whole Jamaican scandal?
You know what it is?
I don't know.
We'll make one up.
Hoping to boost the dollars that would flow from slots
into Florida's public schools.
The Senate Committee, yesterday, approved a sliding scale tax rate
on the machines that is far lower than the House wants.
The Florida House and your fat ass governor,
that's where the problem lies right there.
I said we bring back time and Roth is what we need in Florida.
If we let up the number of machines and set to high tax rate,
then we'd rather the revenue to places we don't get any tax from
said bill, posely, Republican of Rockledge,
referring to untaxed Indian gaming.
All we'll do is kill what little golden goose we have
if we over regulate.
I wonder how you can see the fine finger of Mickey Erison
and some people's soul, the Okancha, and also, of course,
those Bahamas, people, and certain others.
While the House bill costs for a flat 55% tax rate on slot machines,
the original Senate bill set to tax rate at 45%.
This revised Senate plan will put a 35% tax on the first $125 million
in slot revenues and use a sliding scale that would peak at 55%
on all revenues greater than 500 million.
The Senate plan makes a lot of sense.
That's why it ain't going to happen.
It makes a lot of sense.
Legislative analysts of Tula, makers of tax lower-a-lower-tax rate,
will bring more money to the state for education.
Senate regulated industry's Chairman Dennis Jones,
Republican of Seminole said he believes there is strong support in the legislature
for the Senate plan, saying the struggling per mutual industry needs the help,
and he happens to be...
Absolutely correct, sir.
...the bill passed Jones committing a tent-to-nothing vote.
But Senator Steve Geller, a Democrat of Hellendale,
a beach voice doubts the House of Goalong.
It is my belief the House will not be reasonable, said Geller,
one of the legislators' strongest proponents of expanded gambling,
and absent being hung by their ankles,
there is no way the full Senate is going to pass a 45% tax.
Industry lobbyists said this week they hope that the special session of the bill
that's commercially reasonable,
while the House and Senate have agreed that Browards, four-per-mutuals,
Pompadot Park, Daniel Highlight, Hollywood, Great Hunter, Ghosting Park,
can put in Vegas-style slot machines,
the big hang-up remains the taxation rate and the number of machines
each facility will be allowed.
And we can only hope that your first child is a masculine child,
and the first machine will be a good machine man.
There are a lot of negotiations going on at a very high level,
said Jim Horan, former state senator, and Education Commissioner,
who's now as a spokesman for Olico Precicino's,
the owner of Pompino Park.
We're waiting to see what happens.
He said, right now I'm not confident about anything,
and I don't blame you, Jimmy.
I don't blame you, man.
When you're in Florida, when you got that fat ass governor,
all them red necks,
who are just trying to sandbag the whole deal,
with the voters voted on a long time ago,
which was supposed to have been resolved back on July 1st,
and today is the 7th of this year.
Oh, by the way, it's the day the 11th of me, you know that?
What is that?
It's the 7th of December.
What do you mean, why is that?
A day that'll live in infamy.
Oh, that's right.
That's wrong with you, man.
Mr. Expert on American History, what's wrong with you?
Yeah, yeah.
Pearl Harbor.
Yeah.
Bailey?
That's right.
20 till noon.
I beg your pardon?
That's how it goes.
Won't you come home, Pearl Bailey?
Or is that Jack Bailey?
You're going to burn it down.
That's what it is, Jack Bailey.
This is 566.
We're going to show you orange silver.
I did it.
Martha's away.
Hey Martha, you're fired to do.
11.45, 15 to noon at Cuyam.
We got the moment at 2 and then we got the bowl for Mad Dog at 4.
No Mad Dog today and they'll be back tomorrow though.
For a assimilating 3 hours.
Bowl at 4 and then we got Jesse Agro at 7 o'clock because we got nobody else who wants to work just one hour.
Panther preview at 8 tonight.
Panthers at the Dallas Star is 8.30.
Any answers?
No.
And then the 8K after the hockey game.
The hockey game.
It's a big enough religion.
Christian Group pulls Wells Fargo accounts.
Focus on the family of Jesse to donation to Gay Rights Group.
Do you see what's going on now?
I see it.
Out of control.
Just out of freaking control.
G.G.W.
Get your video and maybe get it on DVD.
Go and go on wild.
The conservative Christian Group, focus focus focus on the family.
Has goes all as Wells Fargo accounts because the San Francisco Bank contributed to a Gay Rights Group that promised to use the funds to fight the anti-gay industry.
A focus on the family official would not disclose how much money the organization kept with Wells Fargo.
It's primary bank.
But said the nonprofit group's income was 146 million last year.
We don't expect corporate America to do our bidding on the issues.
But when they use the proceeds from our business and give them to others who clobber us over the head, we say enough as an offset Tom Mennery who oversees public policy for the organization.
Focus on the family.
By the way, I'm doing a narrow holes meant to look just what are these?
There's a call for a recall.
Okay.
Well, I just want to get like sick, you know, having brave those cold elements.
Just like an idiot, like a fool.
Should have hopped in the cab.
A couple of bucks, right?
Right.
More on.
Idiot.
Or actually, just waited another day instead of getting another bummer's rush put on.
Focus on the family's move follows a recent spade of conservative boycotts and other actions against large companies that support gay and lesbian causes including Walgreens drugstores and craft foods and both of which contributed to the gay games.
Craft foods, what are Georgia's least favorite peoples?
Conservative groups have also targeted Ford Motor Company for advertising and game media and proctor and gamble for advertising during the telephone shows, television shows, telephone shows, will embrace and queer rarfer to a straight guy.
The best known protest may have been the nine year boycotled by the Southern Baptist Convention against Disney for hosting gay days, a week of gay themed activities in Disney World in Orlando.
The boycut ended in June.
Why the hell is that?
I guess they straightened up.
They don't have no more gay days at Disney.
I don't know.
Okay.
I think they still got gay days.
In fact, at Disney World, every day is gay day.
If you know the employees there, that's what I thought.
A Wells Fargoist spokesman said the $50,000 donation to the gay and lesbian alliance against defamation came from profits on accounts in the San Francisco area, not Colorado, where focus, focus, focus on the family has its headquarters.
We absolutely made a $50,000 grant to GLAD and were absolutely proud of our support of the gay lesbian bisexual and transgender community said, Chris Hammond, spokesman for the banking giant, which gives about $2 million a year to gay and lesbian organizations.
A leader of the American Family Association, a bunch of another bunch of far-bisoner glam, the group advocating the Walgreens and Crap Boy Cuts, said those companies' donations supported subsequent activities that occurred during the gay games, which draw thousands of participants' inspectors, subsequent activities.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, I think.
With this many people, we expect to increase in the bar scene and we expect a lot of anonymous sexual encounters said Randy Sharp, the Association Director of Special Projects.
But the main point of the boy constant is to protest company support of gay culture, Sharp, said,
when you go out of the scope of normal business operations to donate large sums of money to organizations or events like Pride, that's out of the scope of a company like Kraft, Sharp, said, and God only knows where they're shimmering that veil, either.
It's almost an endorsement of lifestyle he added.
The American Family Association also called for the boycott of Ford for advertising in gay publications. On Monday, Ford said it would no longer advertise its Jaguar and Land Rover brands in gay publications according to New York Times.
Ford spoke to him in Mike Morantel, the Times, the ads were eliminated as a cost-cutting measure, and he played down the role of the boycott in the company's decision.
But gay rights leader said Ford's decision to stop the ads resulted from a confidential agreement the company made with the American Family Association and demanded a meeting this week with Ford, according to a statement issued Monday by the National Gay and lesbian Task Force,
that was signed by 18 other gay rights organizations.
Justin Nelson who leads the National Gay and lesbian Chamber of Commerce, did you know there was a National Gay and lesbian Chamber of Commerce?
I do, though.
Said Boycott's another protest actually could help the bottom line, could help the bottom line of target companies because they attract the business of gay and lesbian consumers.
The gay and lesbian population extremely brand-woyle Nelson said, if companies stay with the community, then only will the community be with you before the offer but during an after.
The Wells Fargo controversy stems from a fundraising plea glad made on the Internet five months ago that show the Wells Fargo and Glad Logos side by side above the large headline, W impact in the fight against the anti-gay industry.
Glad officials didn't respond a question about the details you ought to hear.
Focus on the family officials raised the issue with Wells Fargo in July.
Now they're...
The government drared, Nelson Nelson, like the deputy said, government drared.
All these crazy...
You see, because that's what this kind of religion is all about, intolerance and ignorance and not necessarily in that order.
Spreading hate, which it has from the beginning of time.
My religion is that I got the right God, no, I got it, but I've been.
You know, when it had guns back in Biblical, it would have saved a lot of time.
Where'd you got there earlier?
Yeah.
Yamama.
So, Sox and Hell.
Also, but there's just no end to this crap, you know.
Fundamentalist man at Bush for wording of holiday card, Christmas appears nowhere on the White House greeting.
I got it called yesterday when I married Christmas thing.
It took me a while to catch on, but you were stupid.
This is the new deal now.
In fact, where's that story?
Oh yeah, how the ACLU didn't steal Christmas.
These crazy bastards are starting all these rumors about, oh, the ACLU is going to court to try to take away Mary Christmas.
And all this other crap.
So, so now the new deal is when some of these born again, neck jobs, looking to say, oh, Mary Christmas,
whether you like it or not, Mary Christmas, it's like a weapon, like a bullet.
Oh, Mary Christmas to you.
How do you like that?
Don't phase me in the least bit.
And happy to nuclear life.
He didn't burst into flames.
Oh wait.
He already had.
Faaaaning.
Cut it out.
What's missing from the White House Christmas card?
I don't like talking with these carcrops, my son.
Laver fruity.
Like Jimmy Cifilis.
Hey Jimmy.
You fairy.
What's missing from the White House Christmas card?
Christmas.
Oh no.
This month is an air redistember since he took off.
As President Bush set out cards with a generic end of the year message, wishing 1.4 million of his close friends and supporters, a happy holiday season.
That's because he's got a lot of self-hating Jews who support him too, by the way.
That's right, and maybe a, you know, a hiedron here and there.
Night out then.
Many people are thrilled to get a White House Christmas garden no matter what the greeting
inside, but some conservative Christians are reacting as if Bush stuck coal in their
stockings.
How do you like that?
He stuck coal in their hole.
Stocking.
This clearly demonstrates that the Bush administration suffered loss of will and that they capitulated
the worst elements of our culture said William Donahue, president of the Catholic League for
religious and civil rights, a real, but a little bit of a rabid nut job.
Bush claims to be born again evangelical Christian, but he sure doesn't act like one
said Joseph Farrah, editor of the conservative website worldnetdaily.com.
I threw out my White House card as soon as I got it, he'd be saying.
Religious conservatives are myth because they've been pressuring stories to advertise
Christmas sales rather than holiday specials, and urging schools to let students out for
Christmas vacation rather than for winter break.
This is the height of intolerance, man.
The absolutely epitome of what intolerance is all about.
It's not good enough that we have like a whole bunch of different holidays at the same
time, and that we call it holiday season and everybody can do that.
No, that's not good enough.
We have to use Christianity as a weapon, which of course is nothing new.
They celebrated when House Speaker Denny Hashtard of Illinois insisted that the sparkling
spectacle on the Capitol Law should be called the Capitol Christmas Tree, not a holiday
spruce.
Then along comes a generic season screening from the White House paid for by the Republican
National Committee.
The cover art is also secular, if not humanist.
It shows the presidential pets two dogs in a cat, thrallicking on a snowy White House
lawn.
I wonder what religion they are.
Certainly, President and Mrs. Bush, because of their faith celebrate Christmas and Susan
Wittson, Laura Bush's press secretary, their cards in recent years have included best
wishes for holiday season rather than Christmas wishes, because they're sent to people
of all faiths.
Da, da.
That's the same rationale offered by major retailers for generic holiday catalogs, and it's
accepted by groups such as the National Council of Churches.
I think it's more important to put Christ back into our war planning than to our Christmas
cards at the Council's General Secretary, the Reverend Bob Evdury, former Democratic
Congressman.
But the White House explanation doesn't satisfy groups that have grown in a number in recent
years that believe there is, in the words of Heritage Foundation, a war on Christmas
involving an ever stronger posterity, new holiday season, so that non-Christians won't
be even the slightest bit offended.
But one of the generals on the pro-Christmas side is Tim Wildman.
Oh no!
Name sound familiar?
Of course.
He's the son of Donald.
We'll get back to you, Donald.
Tim Wildman, President of the American Family Association in Tupelo, Mississippi.
Sometimes it's hard to tell whether this is sinister.
It's the purging of Christ from Christmas, or whether it's just political correctness
run amok he said.
I think in the case of White House, it's just political correctness.
Wildman doesn't give retailers the same benefit of the doubt.
That's because they're not all Republicans.
This series called for a consumer boy called a Target Sturards because the chain issued
a holiday advertising circular that didn't mention Christmas.
It bothers me that the White House car leaves off any reference to Jesus while we've got
rummaging on celebrations in the White House Wildman said, what's going on there?
Well, he's got a lot of good friends, maybe he's holding hands with the Saudis again.
If you ever think about that, I don't think he ever let it go.
He banned our bushes still hanging out there, smoking in big stories, and drinking that
fine wine.
After Catholic League, Donnie who had just announced a boycott of the Lands End catalog
when he received his White House holiday card, true he said the bushes included a
verse from Psalm 28, but Psalms are in the Old Testament and don't mention Jesus' birth.
Donnie who said, well, Mark facing a threatened boycott added a Christmas page to its website
and fired a custom relations employee who would let her linking Christmas to Siberian
shamanism.
Shamanism.
What a shame.
He wasn't modified, what the hell is Siberian shamanism?
Do it on me.
He wasn't modified by letter from Lance Nsing and adopted the holiday terminology as a way
to comply with one of the basic freedoms granted to all Americans, freedom of religion.
Well, what's that?
What's that?
If you don't believe in Jesus, well, how would you?
Careful.
96% of Americans celebrate Christmas to Donnie who said 96% spirit me that diversity of
actually said, well, up you are, Donnie, you mean spirited a tight, too tight, lit piece
of crap.
Diversity has been a hallmark of White House reading cards for some time, McQueen and Mary Evans
Seely of Tampa author of Seasons Greetings from the White House.
The last president of Christmas card, the mentioned Christmas, was 92 cent by George
River Walker and President and Barbara Bouch.
Seely said the first president has sent out true Christmas cards as opposed to sign photos
or handwritten letters was FDR.
Mary Christmas from the president and Mrs. Roosevelt said his first annual card in 1933 and he
was a Democrat, a liberal Democrat.
How do you like that?
You cannot put all of the horrible communist ideas like social security.
All of these things.
What a pile of crap man.
All of your religions man, jam it, jam on it, stick it, stuff it.
That's what we need.
We don't need to be saved from the Muslim fundamentalists.
We need to be saved from all the fundamentalists, all the crazy people because they're all the
same.
You know what it's like?
What?
It's like toothpaste.
It's all pretty much aside from the colors and the same thing here, aside from the color,
they all look the same.
Right?
They just have different brand names.
That's all.
And that's the same with a religious crap.
It's the same garbage just with a different brand name.
Oh, it's the day of Intra-Man.
I told you.
13.
31.
13.
It's just real.
In Intra-Man.
In Intra-Man.
And would you like to mention FDR only moments ago?
Second.
I am just.
I shocked myself.
I'm going to stick my finger in the socket right now.
And then I'll be sick and then Josh can finish the show.
Did I blow up show up yet?
The Affedex?
That was so waitin'.
Well why isn't it there yet?
I'll go check it in the break.
I don't know if you would be able to show up here.
I've got your phone.
I've no idea when things show up here.
Well, it ought to be there by now.
Okay, because like Volka Brian's FedEx was here, you saw what Tom was here this morning.
10.
10.
30, that's right.
Anyway, Pompato Park Racing and Poker has the game of reaction that you're looking
for featuring live harness racing in the great Poker card room.
Pompato Park is open every Wednesday like today, every Friday and Saturday as well.
And best of all, admission in parking are free at Pompato Park.
Come root home or winter from the rail or enjoy Poker or smoke-free card room with tournaments
every day.
Also harness, turbo at highlight, thermal casting action every single day, seven days
a week from tracks all across North America.
Post time is 7.25 and a PM in the card room opens a new in other words about two minutes
from now.
So come enjoy find dining at the top of the park rest down the sixth floor and every Wednesday
at Pompato Park like tonight is Dollar Night with draft beer, hot dogs, sodas and lots
more, just a bucket piece.
Pompato Park is easy to get to just the block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline
Road.
For more information of the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or on the wicked
web, it's Pompato Park.com.
Don't forget Poker Room is open like only moments from now and live racing tonight, 7.25
and a PM at Pompato Park.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Tired of Department Store Santa's promising your kids gifts that you can't afford, then
have your kids call the North Pole Hotline and let's Santa take the e-
Hello.
I Santa, I want a PlayStation 2.
I wish I could help you son but things are a little tight.
Santa's been out of work for 364 days this year.
How about a new 3 pack of underwear?
Okay.
When your kids call the North Pole Hotline, Santa Claus will diminish their Christmas
expectations, guaranteed.
Hello.
Hi Santa, I want a Hockey Poke Elmo.
Sorry dear, toys are less was all out.
Wait, I thought the elves made everything in your workshop.
Oh, oh Santa can't compete with Indonesian sweatshops.
Oh, oh no, I had to let all the elves go.
Well, maybe Santa can find you a USB baby on eBay.
The North Pole Hotline.
We put the no.
In North Pole.
1203 at 5.60, how come the Jews can't have a sandy clothes for Mohamed Tannuka?
Let's go and make one up.
You could be it.
You could have, you know, Port Rolly Polly.
Yeah.
Dress up in something.
Certainly in circumspect.
Dress you up in a festive and gay.
I think I'm already in a category.
I'm just thinking about sending all these gifts out to everybody.
Oh, by the way, I got the, yeah, I went back to the mail.
What did I tell you?
And there it was.
Didn't I tell you that?
The Theta.
Probably been sitting there for like two hours.
Probably very sad.
It just, it just, tears my kishpies out.
All you had to do was go out there like before the show started.
There it would have been and it would have been nice for the show started.
And wasn't there?
No.
Probably somebody was like x-raying the packages.
Huh?
Well, it would have been made out to cash.
You had never had that.
I'll guarantee you that.
Probably what's your name?
You know something?
That's the best thing that ever happened to me.
I can't, I can't.
Freaky Carlow's just came back to me.
For just a moment there, I forgot her name, the Ip that sits out on her front desk.
When you come into QAM and you see the Ip at the reception desk,
That tells you everything you need to know about our organization.
Okay? And she is the epitome of QAM, a visibly broad casting.
When you agree?
Well, yeah, but it's hit or miss because it could be nozzle not there too.
Well, if it's nozzle, she's a sweetheart. She's very nice.
But she's not usually out there. No mole.
Speaking of no mole, I was just thinking about this business of people walking out.
This Sydney Rosenstein, Greenhouse, whatever his name is.
This just isn't the way it works in the radio business.
In fact, all the years that I've been on the year, I can't think of very many instances
of somebody just in the middle of a show getting up and walking out.
Can you?
No, I'm trying to think there was the Alex Bennett episode.
He walked out?
Didn't he?
Or did he just threaten to?
I thought I heard a rumor that he actually did, you know, in those latter days.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now.
Kick it.
Yeah.
I think it just walked out.
I can handle that.
I think it just walked out.
I think I've got the quick finger.
But other than that, I can't think of anybody.
Yeah.
So this business about how are you going to keep walking out or not showing up
or just has all these ever into?
It just doesn't fly.
So unless it was a really lame and stupid publicity stunt that accomplished nothing,
which I doubt, because otherwise they'd be back on today.
Nice going there, Joel Feinberg.
You have Feinberg and Rosenberg and Eisenberg and Goldberg and who might have even out there.
And of course, don't forget Goldstein.
Jesus, how about putting a few goi-money or just to make it look good?
Oh, speaking of that, here's that story I was talking about.
There's all kinds of stories on the street.
Fran Quigley in the Common Dreams Network writes, she's director of the Indian Civil Affairs Union.
How the ACLU didn't steal Christmas.
This goes back to this business of using Merry Christmas as like a weapon.
Gotcha.
Merry Christmas for the elected or not.
You do best there.
You even.
When the angry phone calls and emails started arriving at the office,
I knew the holiday season was upon us.
She says, a typical message shouted that we at the ACLU affiliate in Indiana are horrible
and we should be ashamed of ourselves, then concluded with an incongruous and agitated,
Merry Christmas.
We get this type of correspondence a lot, mostly in reaction to a well-organized attempt
by extremist groups to demonize the ACLU, crush religious diversity,
and make a few bucks in the process.
Sadly, this self-interested effort is being promoted in the guise of the fendin Christmas.
Before I go on with this article, I got to say this.
I just FedEx and UPS, they're both so great.
They are.
They're always going to accuse them of knocking and you're so negative.
But when somebody is good or a product is good or a company gives you good service, FedEx is phenomenal.
I mailed that package.
It was in the box here at 2.15 yesterday.
And there this morning, it's not even just noon barely.
And you have it in your hand right now.
Right.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
And it's incredible, isn't it?
I mean, we're talking about at least a thousand miles away.
Right?
But I'm Bing.
They stick it right in your hand.
Anyway, getting back to this business.
For example, the Alliance Defense Fund Celebrity celebrates this season,
and it's okay to say Merry Christmas campaign,
implying that the ACLU has challenged such holiday greetings
as part of the effort you can get a pamphlet and two Christmas pins for 29 bucks.
The website, WorldNet Daily Tops,
is booklaming a thorough and virulent anti-Christmas campaign being waged today
by liberal activists and ACLU fanatics.
The site's magazine has suggested there will be ACLU efforts to remove and
guide we trust from US currency, tire military chaplains,
and expose all references to God and America's founding documents.
Learn more for just 1995.
Lovely.
Of course, there is no Merry Christmas law.
Soot, nor is there any ACLU litigation about US currency, military chaplains,
or any of these things, but the facts aren't important to these groups
because they're real messages this.
By protecting the freedoms of Muslims, Jews, and other non-Christian through
preventing government and tegment with religion,
the ACLU is somehow infringing on the rights of those with majority religious beliefs.
In truth, it is he God has punished him for being a heathen.
Merry Christmas!
Oh, see I feel better.
In truth, it is these website Christians who are taking the Christ out of the season,
nowhere in the sermon on the Mount of Jesus, as that we celebrate His birth
with narrow-mindedness and intolerance, especially for those who are already marginalized and persecuted.
Instead, the New Testament, like the Torah and the Quran and Kalathe S.K.R.T.
commands us to love our neighbor, and to comfort the sick, and to imprison the audio, audio, audio.
All of these are...
All of these things.
That's what the ACLU does.
We live in a country filled with people who are sick and disabled, people who are in prison,
and people who are 100 and 30 for justice.
Those people come to our Indian offices for help at the rate of 700 a week,
usually because they have nowhere else to turn.
The least of our brothers and sisters sure aren't getting any help from the Alliance's defense fund and world-met daily,
so as often as we can, ACLU secures justice for those folks for whom Jesus worried the most.
As part of our justice mission, we work hard to protect the rights of free religious expression
for all people, including Christians.
For example, we recently defended the first amendment rights of a Baptist minister
to preach his message on public streets in southern Indiana.
The ACLU intervened on behalf of a Christian valedictorian in a Michigan high school,
which agreed to stop censoring religious yearbook and priest,
and supported the rights of Iowa students to distribute Christian literature at their school.
There are many more examples because the ACLU is committed to preserving the constitutional guarantee of religious freedom for all.
We agree with the U.S. Supreme Court's firm rulings that this freedom means
that children who grew up in non-Christian homes should not be made to feel like outsiders in their communities,
courthouse, legislature or public schoolhouse.
To our merry Christmas correspondence to all other Americans, we wish you happy holidays.
I have a little bit of it.
Still.
Yeah.
Let's see.
What's this?
You just passed me that didn't come out too good?
New York Company gets Venezuelan cheap oil.
The New York Hills.
Now, we already knew that.
We had one about the...
No, it didn't come out any way.
And into the article came out, probably censored by the CIA.
How about the man in the moon, Jim Carey?
If Jim Carey's in it, my answer is absolutely not.
And Vince says, keep those great bedtime stories coming.
Okay, Vince.
Man in the moon.
How about the man in the cockamoon?
I like that one.
And after that, I mean, Jim Carey, I just...
I'm sorry.
Once upon a time, I thought he was just fine, you know?
It's like...
It's like...
Banana Split.
You could have like two banana splits.
And then like the third one, you'd start saying, oh, eh.
And then the fourth one, you'd be fuking your gut side.
I thought I wanted to say.
I do.
And the same with Jim Carey.
He has been sure of movies.
Those were just fine.
He should have said it.
So overdone.
I mean, when a guy makes 17 different movies every month, it's just...
It's a little bit much, you know?
You start losing money.
I've faced for it.
Carey reminds me that as you went experiment, there was Cox Broadcast.
You went a bunch of rocket scientists.
Oh, if you missed Neil at 10, tune in again at 8, then tune in midnight.
You know?
Hello.
My God.
They had our shows coming out of their...
Backed over there.
And then they also had Blabo.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
Bush said this and Bush said that and Bill Schneider is on there.
And I guess they must have Bill Schneider on a payroll too because he's sure he's done a sudden
turn.
Particularly a friendly audience or an unfriendly audience.
It was the establishment.
Many of them are very critical.
It includes Republicans.
It includes Democrats.
It includes conservatives.
All kinds of people who have had a role in foreign policy.
But you're not, she's a V.S. me.
Anyway, what do we got?
A thousand and fifteen votes.
See how silently we just slipped on by the thousand.
We don't have to make a big fuss about that, no more.
Right?
Now that we hit the big time, thank you so much, Joel Feinberg.
We have so many people listening to that.
We barely have room for all of them.
The radio's are exploding.
Do that?
That's how many people are going to have to put such crap on here as if.
As if that station is our competition between ten and two.
See, that's what our sports people just cannot defend.
They can't understand it.
They don't get it.
Our competition is fat ass hypocritical, pill-popping, sell out rush.
Of course, what are we?
Al Franken.
It's hot and that's hot.
That's it.
We got to talk to people.
Not sports nerds, okay?
The sports nerds, it's like taking a little sliver of punky pie.
You know, and he got fifteen different guests for dinner.
Well, how you gonna divide up one little piece of punky pie for fifteen people?
That's the problem with his sports nerd crap.
It's a myth.
I know how you divide it.
Oh, for me.
I said, Punky pineapple pizza pie.
Pye is pie.
So in other words, it's kind of this sports thing.
It's hit or miss.
Mostly myth is in myth America.
It was in Mississippi.
You fare all brother.
Jimmy, syphilis is out against us today.
How can we even continue?
No wonder I'm sucking on these halls, I mean, whatever they are.
What do they mean?
We call them.
We call them.
They're good.
But they got sugar in them.
I had such my blood sugar was like 90 this morning.
That's very good.
It's not a stand.
Try to get it on up there, no.
No, no, I'm just trying to keep my throat going here because somebody made me sick yesterday.
Josh.
No, I don't think it's my own stupidity.
I can afford to take a cab.
But it's one of those things where, I mean, the temperature was not that good.
The temperature was like about 24, 25, which is not great.
But temperature has nothing to do with comfort level.
Correct.
It has to do with, like, when the hot weather, it's got nothing to do with the temperature.
It's got to do with humidity.
Although, I will say this one gets to be 115 in Vegas.
It doesn't feel even more than 112, you know?
I'm getting it.
It's bad.
But in the cold, it's not like, for example, 30.
Not 30, man.
A couple days ago was 30 degrees and there was no wind.
And I have no problem with that at all.
And actually, you see some people walking around without a coat on.
They're going like a blood to the office or what?
They're walking out without a coat on.
You think, are you crazy?
Well, if there's no wind, you can do that.
But yesterday it was cold and it was windy.
The wind was whipping, baby.
33 kilometers.
That's almost 20 mile per hour.
And the wind till was minus 17.
And I'm walking like a schmuck with a stupid FedEx package.
And I'm schlepping up the street.
I'm thinking, geez, and I got my tooth on.
And I forgot my, what you call it?
The shawl.
What do they call it?
Prayer shawl.
I don't know.
The shawl?
Yeah.
Around your neck.
A scarf.
Not a shawl.
A scarf from the shawl is like for old ladies, okay?
With a fumbushka.
Put it over your lips.
Well, that's old lady.
You don't know where no shawl.
I got a five-and-ice thinger, but I didn't have it on.
I should have one of those OG ski masks.
See if he's going to need that anymore.
If he's going to kill any more people.
Right.
If not, maybe he can send that up to me.
OG ski mask.
I can't wear it all, sell it.
How the movie's coming out of pole?
I realize it's already 12-14, but you know something.
Too bad.
No pressure.
Now that we got our thousand votes, it's a feather in the somebody's cap.
2018.
And by the way, Brett, you won't be there.
I wouldn't be surprised by the new year.
He's gone already.
I give him to the birth of our nation.
I think that's still getting carried away.
You're an idiot, Brett, and everybody's on to you.
Go back to New York.
Other than Godfather 1 and 2, what movie has the most sensational performances,
not just a fine movie, but spectacular acting by all.
Crewcuzness 167, Shawshank 110, Glen Gary Glen Ross 96, you fairy.
A poxelips on your house, 60 or five.
Good fellow, 63, Scarface 63, to kill a mockingbird 48.
With Gregory's peck.
Network 47, Dr. Strangelove 39, Schindler's List 34, too many Jews.
Mystic River 33, the Exorcist 27, gone with a wind 26-8.
26, we don't give it damn.
On the waterfront 26, K9 Mutiny 24, the great Santini 20,
Requiem for Dream 20, Magnolia 17, Easy Rider 15.
Gangs of New York 15, Monsters Vols 14, Chinatown 9,
Sunset Boulevard 8, Mulan Rouge 6, Training Day 5,
Once upon a time in the West 5, Manchurian candidate 5, 12 Angry Men 4,
4 Angry Men 12, Rhewendo 4, Young Frankenstein 3,
The African Queen 3, Deliverance 2, Happiness 2.
Saving Private Ryan 1, Donnie Brasco 1, Donnie Darko 1,
And Dog Day, afternoon, has got the big,
and Al Pacino is saying,
I'm dying over here.
1260, no radio QM, it's almost time for the next break.
Hey, when you're shopping for shoes, only one name ought to pop into your mind,
and that's Brandy shoes of Pablo Beachub,
and it's not about them for a long, long time,
because they give you an unbeatable combination.
They give you the best selection, they have great sales holes,
that take personal care of you, make sure you've got a perfect comfort
for your favorite shoe every time, and they got to be unbeatable prices.
And, all the top names in the shoe business, they got them all.
Rockport, Floreshine, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance, all there.
Did I say rockport? I said, Rockport!
That's what I said.
And Brandy specializes in wide woods as well,
because they understand fit and comfort.
So you've got a big fat one head right on in there.
Brandy's is worth your trip from just about any place in South Florida,
so don't forget, for comfort style, fit value and selection,
think Brandy shoes, 1290, North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach,
open daily Monday through Saturday till 9% of the day to 5%.
And this week is a great time to buy spares at Brandy's,
take 20% off all great men's and women's styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's store, or do your shoe shopping,
and their most prestigious website, Brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-1 Solid.
The Hoover, out the moon, man.
This holiday season, the Ionize East Company presents
a Rita-Prosvy Christmas.
Yes, it's Rita-Prosvy, singing the same horn-out Christmas tunes
with a slightly different arrangement.
Rita-Prosvy, not quite as retarded as the one who dated a year,
but hey, you're the one who won't.
No!
Don't miss a real Broadway Christmas.
I'm going to have to go back to the show.
I'm going to have to go back to the show.
Long ago, I think about Rita, what she's got to learn, Jettis.
That can't tell.
12.22 at 560.
Maybe she's got permanent learning, Jettis. That's the possibility.
I'm just curious.
Guess who died.
That news about this.
Oh, a dog day after noon finally got a ho.
Let's hear it.
Man, I tell you, a lot of you people out there,
your taste is in your armpits. It's really bad.
It's just, I mean...
I'm dying on the hair.
Addica!
Addica!
Everybody in that movie, and I know who played the cop
that was standing out in the middle of the street.
Oh, geez, I let the look that out.
Come on, dude, Google it.
There are some really phenomenal actors and actresses
and some were not really sure what they were in there.
And then, of course, there was Frato, who was not gay.
Make sure everybody knows him not gay.
I'm not the news report.
Hey, Frato, don't sit right behind me.
That's it, Frato.
Charles Derning.
Charles Derning, great from when a stranger calls.
Right?
And he was also in a mass appeal.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
He played the father...
whatever, father superior, as opposed to the father inferior.
That's what I had.
I had a father inferior.
You too?
Yeah.
A lot of us did.
But he's dead now, and that's a good news.
So anyway, you know, I was thinking about that the other day.
They had this movie because now more and more you'll notice
that they were so really pandering.
They saw all that gold that Mel Gibson was able to dig through
and have scone with.
And so now they're thinking, well, we want to do a little panhandling
that religiously stream too, you know?
So they had that thing on the Pope, which, of course,
hadn't been watched.
This is the previous to dead Pope.
The one that they shrugged around that slab, the slab on the slab.
And I'm thinking to myself, you know,
all the different things you think about, all the religions
that are so ignorant and idiotic.
Yeah.
Here's this whole bunch of guys, okay?
This bunch of men and red dresses, the Cardinals,
who used to play in St. Louis.
And they sit around and they blow the smoke.
They blow the smoke.
First, what do you say they said they said the white smoke
had a gray smoke.
The, uh-huh.
It's supposed to be white or black, but, you know, it came out kind of gray.
Oh, no, but it's black.
It means that they're having decided.
Yeah, but everyone wants to want to smoke.
It's to be white.
That means they got a white guy.
It's going to be the new Pope.
But anyway, uh-
and all of a sudden, he becomes, he's imbued with all of this tremendous, uh-
because a bunch of guys sat around it all as politics and guys are actually mirrored out of the table
with a bunch of corrupt money.
And all of a sudden, but I'm being here to Pope.
And we hit you with a magic wand.
Is that, is that the, is that the miter?
Is that what the, might as, might as, might, might as, might, mighter?
They mighter hit him over the head with it.
I see.
And all of a sudden, he's imbued with his tremendous power.
He's got the red fallen man, even a chief on Batman.
What that was his name?
Commissioner Gordon.
Commissioner Gordon would be impressed.
And of course, Commissioner Gordon's daughter became Batwoman later on.
That girl.
That girl, that girl, that girl, that was Marlowe Thomas.
That girl.
How about this girl?
Good fellow.
Against a hundred E. What does this say?
Jerry and Petite Disprings.
I miss him when you're sure I stay this morning.
I don't know how you've discussed this.
Since Goodfell has been doing so well and a poll today, I thought I would fax the article.
Sorry, I miss parts of the show.
I do have a small life.
Well, good for you, Jerry.
It's always a good faxer.
But I can't read the rest of the headline.
Goodfell, Hill gets a hundred E. Something.
Well, what does that mean?
Oh, I see.
Here it is.
There it is.
Ex-Mobster pleads no contest.
This is the real Henry Hill.
That's the character that the real life character that was played by Ray Leota.
The former mobster immortalized in Goodfell's was sentenced to Monday to a hundred E. days in jail.
That sounds like six months for threatening his wife another man last summer.
See, once a slime ball, always a slime ball.
No question.
They could send him out through to Kansas, or wherever the hell he was hanging out.
Are you judging me?
The judge ordered the sentence to be, yes, served concurrently with a six-month term Hill is already serving for attempted methamphetamine position.
Well, he didn't have a little bit of a substance problem in a movie.
He hopefully did no contest making terroristic threats.
He'll portrayed by Ray Leota in the 1990 mob movie.
A good Godfellist was also given credit for time served after Hill's wife and the other victim murderers on his behalf.
The victim's told the judge didn't want Hill to receive an additional jail time.
He's 62 now.
And will complete both sentences December 29.
Police say Hill threatened his wife with a knife on July 8th at a hotel.
Then followed her after she left and threatened the man who had been waiting for her.
Ah-ha! You see that?
The man who had been waiting for her?
Maybe the bitch had a coming.
It's possible.
Hill told the AP last week that his courteous else ends a given him a chance to sober up.
And now he has another chance to live a normal life.
Hill saw a refuge in the witness protection program after agreeing to testify against his former New York mob bosses.
He has since left the program and lives in North Platt with his wife who's from the area.
What in hell is North Platt?
I don't know.
Heard of it.
New York? Illinois?
Wisconsin?
I don't know.
Who's Becca Stan?
North Platt.
I remember Robin Platt.
I don't know if that makes me plots.
There's infetorial plots.
I don't know.
Look at that.
In New Orleans, there's a Bubba and there's George Humber Walker.
That's tonight. That's nine Eastern.
Oh, they're going to be able to Larry tonight, aren't they?
Oh, good.
But funny hour.
Funny hour.
We got my good friends Bill Clinton enjoyed Bush.
Funny hour.
Is that North Platt with an eonian?
Yes.
Where is it?
Nebraska.
Oh, my God!
I'm Tony Nebraska.
And today I'm currently on two far from Omaha.
We're the men, our men, and uh, wow.
Pretty good place in Nebraska.
You don't believe me, do you?
I don't disbelieve you.
When I tell you that you would like Omaha, I'm telling you right now, it's a real, real place.
As opposed to where you're sitting right now.
This is 5'16".
Go, go, go, go.
So I was at the mall yesterday and I saw Natalie with this guy that was totally too hot for her.
This is a robbery.
Put all your money in this bag.
Yeah, I know.
So I went up to her and I was like, hey, Natalie.
And she completely ignored me.
Hurry up or I'll blow your brains out.
So I said, aren't you going to just read your friend and I could totally tell you this totally into me.
The 50s and 100s, no small bills.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
You know she hits my God.
But I could tear less.
You have to be a alarm and you're dead meat.
So anyway, I'm at the bank now and I have to run.
Call me.
Call me.
Thank you.
I'm a good partner.
I said that was cute.
It was cute.
See we got some cute stuff in here.
Not really like old man, historically funny.
But we can't be hysterically funny.
No more than the voice.
Joyce does look kindly on that.
She frowns on it.
If you don't pat into it.
She don't cut into it that bitch.
Other than Godfather's, what the movie has got the most sensational acting performances.
Whole bunch of them.
Like everybody in the movie was fabulous.
One through over the cook who's next, 169.
Char Shank Redemption 111.
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross.
100.
I'm not going to play that same stupid.
How about...
I thought these for clothes is only...
Or how about my favorite?
Get the truck!
Come on, let's play the whole thing.
What do you say?
Oh, sorry Joyce.
Well, that's all we need to do.
Scarface 60s.
What is it?
67.
Come on, a whole thing.
Get the truck.
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
No.
Scarface 67.
Parklips now 66.
How you enjoy that very expensive DVD I've watched you?
Oh, I enjoyed a lot.
Good fellow 64, Network 51.
To kill a Mockingbird for you.
I'll be shocked if you don't like the way of the gun.
That's a good movie.
Let's kill a Mockingbird 49.
Dr. Strangelove 42 and it's got your boy Benicio del Toro winner too.
Good actor.
Benicio.
Schindler's List 37.
Mystic River 35.
I remember that Mystic River Bridge.
I remember it going to Brigham's ice cream.
I remember driving up the USWab.
Highway 1 through Saga City, Venture Car Hub on a way to Rockingham Park.
Gone with the win 28.
The Exorcist's 27.
On the waterfront 26.
K9 Mutiny 25.
The great Santini 20.
Requiem for a Dream 20.
Magnolia 17.
Easy Rider 15.
Gangs of New York 15.
Was a Breton at one?
No.
I think he's in that one called Sewers of New York.
Monsters ball 14.
Chinatown 9.
Sunset Boulevard 8.
Training Day 7.
Mulaw Rouge is got 7.
Mulaw Rouge.
Do you see that?
No.
Thank God.
Saving Private, or St. Ryan's Private 6.
12 Angry Men 6.
Young Frankenstein 5.
Once upon a time in the West 5.
Manchurian Candidate 5.
Deliverance 4.
Rare Window 4.
The African Queen 3.
Happyness only 2.
They don't dare watch it.
Dog Day afternoon only 1.
Donnie Brasco 1.
And Donnie Darko 1.
It's just so like Donnie.
How about Johnny Darko?
They don't like him either?
1776.
We'll have a load of 100 by 1 o'clock.
And we're not going to do like 1400 like yesterday by 2 o'clock or 1 under 1.
They're not that crazy about this pool.
In addition to which a lot of these movies they never saw, they don't like.
They don't understand the question.
That, especially.
As opposed to like what's your favorite color or paper or plastic?
Those are the kind that can really stink their teeth into.
How come Dog Day afternoon only got 1?
I don't know.
I don't want to relate but still.
You know what?
Oh, went on to pool day.
So what's the point of continuing?
You know, we're not going to like chop this thing off and put on tomorrow's right away for it.
In fact, they might not get on there until fairly late this evening.
Or whatever the hell we feel like.
It whenever I get back from losing my ass.
How do you like that?
I'm sure it's not going to do it now.
Why would we waste a fabulous question like this by yanking it off of there, right?
Right?
Not good.
Not good.
How's Jimmy Sifilis doing?
You fairy.
WQAM.
Hello.
Who I am.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, I was saying I'm a Frito and Dog Day.
He died.
Didn't he?
Correct, right?
He is dead.
Yes, you could sit on him underrated.
One of the greatest well underrated actors all time.
Not one of the greatest but I would say he's underrated, yes.
And I'd pull up for your list.
Everybody had 50 pieces of movie crap out of your theater or not.
No.
Everybody had no place.
Everybody was in good parts.
Thanks, aren't you?
Okay, Sam.
You see Crash?
Well, I saw a movie called Crash and I was told that there's more than one and I'm thinking
of the different one.
I see a lot of crashes.
So I don't know at this point.
It's a same movie.
I'll be mad.
In fact, I've seen Joel's numbers over there in the other station.
Oh!
They couldn't crash because I don't think that.
I think they've already reached the bottom level.
They reached the bottom flow.
WQAM, hello.
How about the end?
The end.
We're down below you and Bert Reynolds.
No, you don't worry about their end.
Back to the end.
The end.
WQAM, hello.
All right.
Requirement for a dream upon the thing?
Yes it is.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
You're a nice one.
You can be all accommodating like that.
Yeah.
Well, he just wanted to make sure we didn't forget.
We sure wouldn't forget that.
No.
In fact, then I just get through reading the list.
I think I just did if he was paying any attention.
But he probably was on the phone busy speed darling.
It's got 20 votes.
It's tied with a great Santini.
So don't be a weeny.
Hop on and vote for it.
And by the way, put away the pills please.
Love.
You got stopped.
Yeah.
Maybe she just was a little cold or teeth were chattering.
That was a problem.
That's not the game of this.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah.
I would think that happiness would be big in South Florida.
They could just leap out the parts for the, we say, are very disturbing.
The pedophile.
But watch the part about the condo commandos.
That's the best part.
Venetian, the Weasel, I see it.
It just reminds you so much of South Florida.
Amen.
And silly people walking around, I would like check it or lime green or lemon pans.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Hey, hi reocork, I um deliver mail, minor beach in the August RE,
uh, the almost, uh, you know, missed the內, I thought I was looking at that from that door.
And so I answered the question and asked some of the loudspeakers, so they changed our
accent from that to I think, and they got the finished question, somebody have doesn't
talk much in their PU like, put ground paper on it which is kind of the nur
hungry one. I'd say it was a retriever. It was not. To be honest, I remember it was a
tan big doll. I remember what that was. Maybe it wasn't a retriever. I think it was a black
lap. No, it was not black. There were no blacks in that movie. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60. There were some blacks in there. Yeah, there were in the class. I'd take that
back. You're a scam. You're a scam. Joy Jordan. And she writes an M on her blackboard and
she gives the big smile. She was honest to God. She was so great. She was the actress.
I don't know. She's in a lot of things. Look it up. She was also in that anniversary party
and a bunch of other stuff. She is sensational. Joy Jordan. Well, at least you got an
election anyway with the Russian cab driver before he stole a guitar in her CD player. And
that was only a grand she paid for it. So that's not bad. I guess. What I'd say about
those Eastern Europeans. I'd tell you something about that. There's Ruskies and all those
other Eastern Europeans. Jane Adams. Jane Adams. I'll be dang. Very underrated undernodised
person. She's a little teeny. Well, they're like that. She probably don't stand out too
much. You know, but she really is fabulous. Anyway, don't watch it because it's very depressing
and you won't understand and you'll be grossed out. 19 to 1, a Q. And we got the moments
being grossed out of two. This is the new world. This is 5.62.
Oh my God. That's his look at his head. It's like it's all fair. It looks like one of
those alien guys has just so round. My name is puppet and I like to dance. I got a big
hand and I wear short pants. I got a mole hop and a ring through my nose. I shopped in
the kids' second hole. My clothes is on the hip hop. Legit. Hip hop. Legit. Hip hop.
Legit. Hip hop. Legit. When I meet a girl, I give her my digits but she never calls.
She's on the hip hop. Legit. Hip hop. Legit. Let's just find that all day. What are you
saying? Do it. I love it. Where did that come from? It's old. I know it's old. That's
ancient ACN or not comedy. No, SCN. Satellite comedy. That's what says in the other
thing in my fingers. Moving producers, I said somebody died. That was about a half hour
going and we got. I'm dying on the hands. I tracked. For film producer Greg Hoffman.
You know who that is? Nope. He's dead. He developed an eight minute film out of the
horror hit Saw and its glory successors Saw 2 died unexpectedly after complaining
that the company was 42. Wow. Hoffman died Sunday at Hollywood Presbyterian Hospital
Arts in California by the way. Where he had been admitted after developing an
neck pain. His business partner said he died of natural causes according to his
release from Lionsgate which distributed his recent films on autopsy. He was planned.
Hoffman and his partners had twisted pictures, financed the low budget film Saw and saw
2 and stood to reap millions of dollars. The film cost about a million dollars to make.
The first one opened over Halloween weekend last year at number three, the box
office and gross more than 102 million in DVD and box office revenue. How do you
like that? It cost a million to make and it gross more than 102 million. You ready
for that? Yeah. The four million dollar sequel released just before Halloween this year
ranked number one at the box or a business debut weekend with 31.7 million receipts. It's
made 86 million six weeks according to box office figures released this week. The movie
center around a statistics serial killer called Jigsaw who devised his intricate games
to get his kid and I think I'm just gonna kill each other. You see this? No but I know
about it. I'm gonna. Why not? I've seen it. Saw, you saw it. You see Saw? I have not.
You didn't saw Saw but I'm supposed to see it because people said it was good. Oh. We
won a lottery Hoffman Affirmary Disney company executive told LA Times in November. Hoffman
began working for Disney 95 rising to become a senior vice president production and earning
a producer credit on his family comedy George of the Jungle. How do you like that? That
was a horrible movie George of the Jungle. Oh, he doesn't have a pleasure. Huh? He joined
pools and marty will don't. Don't waste your time. He joined pools in Mark Berk at their
management and production company evolution and entertainment in 2003 soon after he saw
the eight minute clip about a serial killer called Saw and proposed he saw it and he seen
it and was making it the way full-length picture. Picture, a feature, a feature. The original
story was by James Wan who went on to direct the feature saw and Lee Oneel who starred in
it. The soft film success led the multi-picture development deals with Lionsgate and dimension
films Hoffman was working on Saw 3 and call space when he died. Survive as wife Lucien,
two children his mother a sister and a partridge in a poetry. I like that. 42 of these dead.
Probably God punishing for all that sadistic violent crap when you think had to be. The Lord
works in mysterious ways but you better make yourself in by the way Merry Christmas. Ah ha gotcha.
Gotcha. Merry Christmas and Jesus love you. Ah ha. Can't escape it no matter where you go man.
There's goi am just heaping their love on you. Just like that that's right. Speaking of that
yesterday with George's birthday and me and my gutter mind you who else's birthday it was yesterday
yeah. 3 alienito here's a little ear in the CNN and there's a picture of little alien.
You know something he still looks like six years old. Maybe get that guy from happiness maybe
if they let him out. Alien Gonzalez the Cuban boy thrust in the center of an international
custody battle six years ago celebrated his 12th birthday Tuesday listening to a speech by
president Fidel Castro what a way to celebrate. Gonzalez wearing his school uniform set next to
Castro a political event recalling the Ireland successful campaign to gain custody of the boy
from the USA. The speech appeared in the coastal city of Cardinist where alien lives with his father
stepmother and younger half siblings. Don't forget Cardinist keep that in mind. You're always
important stuff it's Cardinist. Castro told the crowd he was proud of alien saying the boy
become a leader at his school as well as a karate devotee oh he's probably really upset that
Ray or what's the name died. Leora. What's the name? Oh Raul. Yeah marina Pat marina Pat marina
like I said he became a leader at his school as well as a karate devotee in the central city some
85 miles east of Havana that's where Cardinist is for those of you who require marina to occur a lot
about it and speak at English by the way while you're at it cut the crap. The Cuban leader then
devoted much of his to our speech to his current anti-corruption campaign children in the crowd
shouted did Al Fidel before an aftercaster spoke it's kind of like what they do with the Pope you
know and when people are brainwashed they get all all goosey and emotional it's a man in
address oh and what about those awful red shoes. Alien gang well we know about that he was one of
three survivors and the Adi Adi and the Abuelos were squeezed in this and they battle ended with
aliens. How's the fisherman doing? How's the old fisherman doing a six-kil in the closet or what?
I guess he finally came run out of the closet with little boy in his arms that's not a good idea.
5670560 pound five six in the Verizon singular wireless line Americas I mean that's
tomorrow's pool. I'm not should I do that or not? I don't want it I don't want it don't don't
oh no I don't know if you've seen it no I got a good list in addition to which we can always add
to it tomorrow if I show up if I'm not sick if I'm out like a oh would it see I haven't had a cold
or missed a day working how long it's been I mean months and I can't even remember last time I
was out of day so can you? No it's been a while a long long time. Couple of years at least so the
last thing I want to do is be sure missing especially before vacation and all these holidays come
I'm not one of these people that tries to shirt my work I work like hell man air of restinking day
except those 600 days in the summertime and the other 400 weeks vacation I got other than that
I like to show up I'm not one of these people well I'll give you 40 shows this year and I'll
give you like 30 shows next year or some of these ideals where people go off to like moonlight
don't don't like what was that song we played moonlight yesterday let's play some more of those
old starbucks yeah oh what's that so I hank also saw hollum floats that's good I am told that
they were very good at because you know what is that falls you oh they're very good and I we
didn't play this cell the other day no I'm really glad I didn't
so you want to think about you people that operate the the sound systems of the various sports
functions of ball games hockey games football games basketball games part cheesy tournaments
things like these we're getting real real tired Gary glitter who's another petafile by the way
it's in the slammer in Australia we're sick and tired of rock and roll parts one two and a
hundred we're really tired of oh come off a step in new and different okay god okay here's a
fax fire report you know most of that stuff already but there just we didn't know the last part
right it says I can only listen you online via the archives after your show ends but can listen
to the ticket live online how is that possible why can't they listen live online to us I don't
know other people are what I don't know it says I don't know whether you're talking about this
today but the ticket is blowing up they're blowing up over there like a blow up dog oh jimmy
definitely was out on monday so Sid Rosenberg hosted solo we talked more about New York
giants than dolphins obviously because he could care less about the dolphins he's a New York guy
certainly a sin down here for dolphins especially after they had that great comeback victory
taking our talking up the giant's important one over the cowboys and downplaying the fins meaning
was come back victory over the pathetic bills he said the bills played less aggressively at the
end of the game and that's why the fins won he may have even screen calls to keep dolphins off the
year Sid also has connections with New York athletes and he brought them on yesterday oh jimmy
dubby came back and ridiculed Sid on the air for talking so much New York football Sid walked off the
air today Jimmy syphilis is hosting calls pro and con both oj and Sid breaking down either along
floating New York lines or black and white line oh it's a racial thing I don't know that it's a racial
thing but both Sid and oj will be back on 10 o'clock and off oh thanks god for that
contrarian controversy it's all fake it's all phony belowing right can't you tell I have to read
I still look here and that's right it's contrived and then nobody cares very jackass cares and obviously
the guy who just facts me that information cares but nobody cares nobody like Harvey Pack would say
nobody picked six and nobody cares I have to ask Hank tomorrow Harvey Pack is that I'm sure he is
he was the bald guy used to be on the NY area the racing show from like Equinox and Belmont
I'm sure he used to watch every logistical the third now Harvey Pack he was funny though he was
entertaining which is kind of hard to make things like that entertaining but he was he was amusing
and then at the end of the show he would like take the the race program and he would throw it at the
camera which probably is where Keith Overman stole that with throwing the papers at the camera
I don't mind Keith overman he's trying to grow on me like a little bit of a tumor he's all right
and at least at least he's to the left of tell of a hunt at least he's a good old liberal boy and he's
on and he's not afraid to like rip bush and ass and tear down all this other crap that's going on
nice going Keith he's okay do you ever see Keith Overman know because you don't watch him
instant be seen that's because you don't want to get caught watching me to cross be right after
he's on I don't blame you that let's be it and that's got to be it anyway she was non last night
she probably got learned try this okay let's take a look I think I'm going to fight my way
through this little scratch in my throat don't worry about it don't feel too guilty about it all right
when you're cash that check Josh in the bank don't feel like oh gee I made the old man sick in the
wind just give me this huh I bet when you get the check that just just to give me all this
my I don't need any way that I'm sure I already hit it all planned out anyhow I have plenty of
money for that vacation trip what's he going to do with that money out there anyway in Seattle
blow it oh blow it yeah good drunk just get drunk just what that's his number one hobby far
over in a boat of sex and drugs and anything else just getting the man's a comedy he weaves
a lot together I can't we see 1120 votes on a pool 1120 that sounds like I keep thinking
of 1020 that's a KDK and Pittsburgh not to be confused with KQV I wonder what that was all
about that fake facts we had yesterday about putting KQV on a pool with it the theater that
really worked well didn't see if you're going to mess with me about call out as a radio station
baby you're messing with a wrong guy because I forgot my name I forgot where I live most days
I haven't got any of it with my shoe sizes but I sure know them old style radio stations the
order the better this is Neil Rogers super this is 5.6 QA heads it's the one to do out of
welcome to the show place president Cheney this was you just a year ago he is exactly the leader
we need for these times and we need him perform or year how did George get reelected anyhow
got his job because he's a charming sexy good looking and as great air you in Georgia
feuding how come the president lies in the American and the thing about the WMDs it is a lie
when's the last time GW lied just this morning and you said you can't even understand the man
because he's so fast at the very least we have a right to know what he is saying Nick I got a
surprise for you this is what GW said about you backstage I admitted that they're Cheney's and
asked here's George now and a faithful Muslim it is a lie it's a 101 here's some good news from Brad
thank you Brad Harvey Pack is alive and well oh excellent both Harvey Pack is telling about
the racing show they probably put him out to the farmers 100 years old like Stan Burstein
I don't know that would take those old guys and send him out to the you know the president
don't don't like an old horse here's one instance I just got a metal picture of you going to the
FedEx office while wearing a shawl like the old ladies wear while the wind whipped it around in
the shawl too thanks for last pali it says yep yep yeah I was wearing a burka to his matter
fact that's why that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna start wearing a burka tell him I'm like a old
Muslim lady let's all do it let's all come to work out in a burka we're a cover up well there's a
lot of cover ups going on believe me actually from key democrats later there's that cure a Phillips man
I care I just want for here's another one for you what that was his name that did the shooting in
the subway in New York that went what that was his name oh man forget that character what he was a
character I'm talking about in real life oh no he was a character and he did his own defense remember
that right what that was just now I don't know somebody will know in the audience believe me they'll
know some I mean they know about Jimmy syphilis and O.J. McDuffy and O.J. Simpson and O.J. this and that
pretty very sad let's see oh here's a liner look at this this is very timely look for the QAM
van at the shell station on 27th and U.S. one of Miami stop out of drop off a new unwrap toy for
the bigos holiday toy drive to benefit mimey children's hospital S U S1 on 27 it's got no time on
it's got today's data on a day that'll live in infamy but let's see 42 and what 50 41 what he
said 7th nineteen forty one a day that'll live in infamy you better get your mercenaries straight
down mister quote wasted all your brain power all them old time religious crap right all those old
get's keys that that's your area of expertise man this guy could like sit on here but it would
be a ramble on with all kinds of like meaningless crap about the the babelot about babelonians right
oh and the pellet a penelope a penelope police and look for the QAM of man at the shell station
27th and U.S. one of Miami stop out of drop off a new unwrap toy for the bigos holiday toy drive
rock solid to benefit mimey children's hospital U.S. one of 27 that has no time and I'm carrying
enough a toy there no or whatever well that said we've been on for three hours plus now
and we could have been doing that but somebody just a somebody ain't doing it whoever our
promotions person is I've got your mobile mic stratus finger in this anyway some more bad news for
the grime yeah you there huh some mega churches closing on christmas well I don't know what
else going on with that deal how come I'm with since when do we get a liner at one o'clock on the
show to promote something that's been going on who knows how long it's been going on since what
o'clock I think there's something really else stinkin at promotions department I think we need
to talk to mad max and mobile mic some mega churches closing on christmas pastors and
anticipate lower tenants because the day falls on a Sunday christmas day December 25 is on
a Sunday so legal holidays the next day of the 26th which is also here boxing day and I'm working
that day just to show you what a good trooper I am so George can go and celebrate all those festive
holidays with his family and that the reason several families that week you're on vacation
well both I see you're going away I wish no no well not the intercepted
jossies check there see that's why I said it to you because I'm on to give you the opportunity
you can endorse it straight ahead you can affect the signature on her back and like endorse it
and even open the envelope now I see well why not well see how much it was because I'm stupid
started with a six yeah six dollars yeah like I said no you only wish it started with a six
that started with a oh and finish with a oh then I'd stay and see out of the whole week what
for George I hope you out he just got a big fat one this christmas no prayer is what we said in
several mega churches around the country critics within the event evangelical community more
custom in doing battle with departments doors and public schools over keeping religion and Jesus
and christmas are stunned by the shutdown absolutely correction what I meant to say was oh my god
although absolutely correction isn't bad it's almost unheard of for a Christian church to cancel
services on a Sunday an opponents of the closures are accusing these combinations of bowing to
secular culture the secular humanist you know the human race is making almost no progress and we're
doing a real good job of destroying the environment and pretty soon the whole world is going to
like you know I have another big flood everybody be dead but other than that this is a consumer
mentality at work let's not impose the church on people let's not make church in any way in
convenience they the wells professor of history and systematic theology yet Gordon conwealth
theological seminary a leading evangelical school and Hamilton Massachusetts I think what this does
is feed into the individualism that's found throughout American culture where everybody does his own
thang we don't want to individual we want you to be a sheep you know it's how they're attacking
individualism that's the new enemy well that's not the new one to me it always has it well but
I mean now more than ever now more than ever be a sheep the church is closing on christmas plan
multiple services in the days leading up to the holiday including on christmas eve most normally
to not hold christmas day services prefer instead to mark the holiday in the days and night before
but Sunday worship has been a christian practice since ancient times since they were throwing
them damn christians to the lions and they should never have stopped
county parkinson a spokeswoman for willow Creek community church in south barrington Illinois
said church leaders decided that organizing services on christmas Sunday would not be the most
effective use of staff and volunteer resources besides who wants to molest them all her boys on
christmas day and that's over and beyond the priest hall and do the priest that's true they don't
care what they had it the last time christmas fall on the sunday was 1994 and only a small number
of people showed up to pray she said if our target and our mission is to reach the unchurched
basically the people that don't go to church how likely it is they'll be going to church on
christmas mornings she said not too likely I guess I won't I'll be resting up for that big show on
the 26th on boxing day among the other megacurches closing on christmas day our southland christian
church in Nicholasville Kentucky near Lexington on that's a biggie and the fellowship church in
grapevine Texas outside Dallas the closure stand and start contrast to roman cantaloupe perishes
which will see some of their largest crowds of the year on christmas I bet you don't corleon
in the whole family will be in our christmas day they're gonna bat price counties baby again
do you believe in god and main lie I do and mainline protest and congregation such as the Episcopal
Methodist and Lutheran churches where sunday services are rarely ever canceled Cindy Willison
a spokesman for the evangelical soft land christian church said at least 500 volunteers are needed
along with staff around sunday services for the estimated 8,000 people to usually attend
and yadi yadi and all this other great should crap it's just makes we're just drowning in the sea of
religious insanity and now they're starting to brainwash and the media's hopping right in there oh
yeah now we're now we're drumming up support for the war and now there's going to be all this terrorism
if we pull out there all now kites in there they're gonna like attack the u.s. if we pull out I guess
what none of them were in there in the first place before we were racquetack shut up calmy
when you hit american yeah that's the whole deal they weren't there in the first place but don't
confuse the confused american public with the facts the media is right there to help brainwash
everybody oh yeah we got to like safety safety safety bring that old bag back from a temple from
your shoul bitch safety safety safety take a safety pin and stuff it in your
rectum on them big ones ever see them big old safety pins yeah like they show the store you
know store is always carrying a baby in a diaper with a big safety pin in about the size of a bowling ball
other than godfather the first one in part two what movie has to be the most in uh had the
most sensational acting performances we got 1140 votes for a quietly 1140 I believe that was
um kxc on water the wild was at 1040 keep making that same mistake dammit and you know nothing
about the good radio got that red well that's because you work on this station and an iod oh god
one full of it all while i will say w and ws that was i'm not really sure whether it was ket or
that station with the most embarrassing radio i've ever been involved with in my life that was
really bad all the way you know we're like kind of pioneering and groundbreaking in the audience
that i mentioned lucrones and idiot oh that's right it could works at power 96 i'm sorry
the dark with lights off the middle of the day and sitting in the dark i've seen that act before
with who that you remember and passion no at iod who used to sit in the dark with the oh yeah oh no
that's a whole different story oh he was smoking a cigarette that's how i saw no he wasn't smoking
he was he was he let him face smoking a cigarette or a wooden scene in the league
literally me yeah yeah there were sometimes i get there a little bit early to work and i see
the lights would all be out in that office but uh you can see the feed up on the desk you'd
be sitting in the dark anyway and then there was a time i walked in there and he slammed that
desk door closed real fast you know he said hey Neil take a powder oops i mean a bc powder i said
but i don't even have a headache anyway the uh best most sensational acting performances one
flew over to kukus nest 177 charge-shank redemption 116 how can you keep telling after watch that
i don't tell you not to watch it i don't want to be impressed it was fine and the acting up for as
well as it's doing on the pole was that equate but there was no heavy trial these people are
enoughs Glen Gary Glen Ross 104 Scarface 75 that's another highly and they don't understand the
whole thing was camp it was filmed in the camp wasn't it double snipers camp apocalypse now 67 good
fellow 67 network 52 to kill a mockingbird 50 remember i can there was an ionized fox
was mockingbird oh that's right i think i got that dr. strange love 46 shinbers list 40
mystic river 37 gone with the wind 28 the extra effort is 27 on the waterfront 26
canine mutiny 26 reckrium for dream 24 great santini 22 magnolia 17 monsters ball 16
gangs of new ox 16 this because it's got New York in the title easy rider 15 saving Ryan's
privates 11 trying to time 11 who it's mockingbird and if that's not good enough for you yeah
number the reading oh that was a James Taylor and Carly Simon was it is that it thanks
for the car if you guys well that's funny we're married before she decided he was a jackass and
she are real kind of his music and his act too saving rise private 13 trying to time 11 training
the eight sunset boulevard eight well we got some old people what kind of demographic are we
aiming for 90 plus club angry man seven mood all rules seven mentoring candidate seven young
frankenstein six by the way i got the new moraine dot com i'm going to read today i bet you
Jimmy syphilis ain't doing it on the enough the booster i bet you booster and read more in doubt
a young frankenstein six deliverance six once upon a time in the west five rear window five the
African queen four African queen stayed by the rear window a lot dog day afternoon three not good
donnie brasco three donnie dark oh two and happiness so lamentate dose only two
this is meal Roger who took us a toy
when it comes to sports we are the authority are you sure next statement does something special
in the reconstruction the rebuilding of this football team we will be pointing at December
four two thousand five and say that was the day this court group of players learned how to
win football game are you sure are you sure are you sure are you sure are you sure
run run radio network in ordinary day we can make sure when you get there that we go
for you all right i think so a car accident millions of people experience this unfortunate incident
every year one insurance company as you covered so when accidents happen when disaster strikes
think that happens at happens insurance we know there are some things you can't control after all
happens we got a lot of heavy rain when the storm blew through flooded my basement cost thousands of
dollars damaged i lost a lot of my belongings who's devastating but then i remember it happens
happens insurance covering your family when accidents and disasters strike because we know
it happens happens insurance the subsidiary of holy s**t incorporated one eighteen at five cc i second
at emotion a whole heartedly at eleven hundred and fifty votes we're gonna over twelve hundred
eight that's not too bad on a poll that they really don't like very much bad news for you Joel okay
bad news for Joel fine bursting uh whatever name is bad news even sage Rosencrant says they were
loser angry activists set to hunt hill races the new earth daily news oh poor hillary and right
fully so waffling sell out bitch anti-war activists furious with senator hillary clinton are
vowing to bird dog her everywhere she goes starting with a swanky manhattan fundraiser last night
this was clinton's letter last week clarifying her position on a rap which included rejecting a
time table for withdrawal fan the anger of some more opponents who decided to launch a campaign
against the earth's junior senator we're calling it bird dog hillary said but the
event of the peace code group code pink what code pink i'm so mad at her said Nancy
Kirkorian code pinks new York city coordinator will dog her wherever she goes Kirkorian's group
and several other plans to show up at crowbar manhand last night where former president bill clinton
was the top-down of fundraiser for his wife a bubble beyond an aleric king that i'd along with
the george herber walker forty one forty one and forty a two the idea that protestors tell
the senator around the state and country in hopes of persuading her to oppose the war grow pair
bitch grow a pair and stop trying to equivocate and stop trying to be a you know that looking for
that middle ground middle ground see this is the thing with the democrats almost all of them are
such they're just such political horrors republicans i mean as soon as it became expediently all went
as far to the right as they could without falling off the face of the earth because we know the
earth is flat but the democrats they're just uh... they're just wafers and equivocators of most
of them protestors from the group interrupted a clinton speed saturday in chicago and i'm
related group demonstrated or parents Friday democratic fundraiser and can't
tucky that's the one where she was talking about the flag burning business
code pink is also organizing a bigger rally for December 20th when clinton heads to san francisco for
a bar association benefit and interview session with jane paulie all paulie will see her no more
although she criticized president pushes handling the war in her letter her no timetable stance
particularly pived the activists their p old man their pived
here been pived lately yeah stop waffling all do i love that word how do you like that stop
waffling stop waffling let's bring on bring in let's work on bringing the truth so
said build ups for united for peace dot's in bed you've been predicted to the right
democrat will lose a white house been two thousand if they run a
whole war platform as if they didn't learn their lesson from the predecessor we did
really election but not by enough to avoid a steel again democratic consultant hank shine
cobsett clinton has little fear for manatee were activists as long as she learns
deliberative the right way in the left wing both want to move her to the left she can't let them
do that shine cobsett clinton's office did by her letter yesterday in her letter senator
clinton laid out a thoughtful explanation to her constituents of her position on a rack
a little bit here a little bit over there she's doing a clinton i should play a little bit of
that it's too long to play the whole thing is it no you don't think it's uh... for a long
time to go she's picking up hot it's four minutes weekend long man like i said it's i think it's
just long enough
no
them
just
of
I'm a step-by-
Need a student, after little
Through the whistle, then I'll need a lot to decide
Come on and take a step in its position
Step in its position
You are total turnabout
Total turnabout
Take your finger out of me
A B out there, there'll be a everybody
To the play-reson
Step in its position
Step in its position
Come on everybody, just join the problem of me
When you start to fade
And the public is swayed
Of the feet, rain, and stage of bombing range
And everybody, just let's just come on inside
Over to the middle
Absolutely
Breaking up in step-by-
Under step-by-
Need a student, after little
Through the whistle, then I'll need a lot to decide
And over making everybody happy
Everybody now, now let's see other guy
And he's another guy
And he's trying to do in Jeffersonian
Bring another girl in
Everybody to the play-
A step-by-
When said
Back to the point
It was harder than your plan too much
With the track fans
Shocking guy
Now jam with the fan
Oh, I'm gonna try to do it
I'm gonna try to do it
I'm gonna try to do it
I'm gonna try to do it
I'm gonna try to do it
I'm gonna try to do it
And I'm always fighting
Over to the middle
Over to the middle
Breaking up in step-by-
Under step-by-
Need a student, after little
Through the whistle, then I'll need a lot to decide
And now, it's a diplomatic side
To the side, I'll try to call the nominee
All the rest of these
I can feel the little little lady
We're through all the buildings
Everybody to the play-
Now let's see other students
Ready to jump on
Ready to say jump on
In the continental house
In the continental house
Have another walk on
And try to slip your latest spot
With your male-
And their ensured a keep on trucking
And try to keep on trucking
And he's once dead bad at times
Once dead at times
You just like his mom was his mate
Good on your promises
Everybody to the play-
You just like your mom was his mate
Good on your promises
Everybody to the play-
Will he either will or he won't
Is up to here, everybody
Do the plays and do the play-
My offer to you is this
Nothing
I just think a lot of great scenes of God-problem
On the bottom of God-problem
That's why we had to accept them from the play-
Because the God-problem and God-problem doce
They have been offered a link of their own
Is they have a record of them
And say, do you think that movie is at the natural
I don't know that one here
I'm not in those fourth movies
25 past one at five, 60 WQM
So Hillary and Swillery, she's like
Lofflin and she's all over the place
And she's gonna make sure they don't burn em fags
Or flags
And all of a sudden crap, boy, so transparent
Like looking through a paint of glass, they're real pain
We need somebody with a pair of balls
Who get up and shout from the rooftops
You know, I'm saying somebody
Asked it, something like that
Is what we need, no not that
That is what we need
But they're already belittling him
And they can try to make a jackass out of him
26 after one, oh, look at this
There's Jack
Put those down here, someplace where they
Anybody wants a coffee?
Yeah, put those down there, here's everybody
You go, boy, I'll push the break back a minute
Stand on the chair
Stand on the chair
I don't think he's gonna stand in the chair
I kinda seen John Martha
Just, uh, when interrupting you, babe
Shut up, you're gonna get her to address
Shut up, baby
She's not right away
She is the anti-crustist
Yeah, we know who he is
We know what he's all about
He's got a huge pair
Like, here we have a fondly-made dog
A big, boldly-made, huge pair
That a fatal fellow, a mob, a fairy like it is
And I'm not really a thick dog, she was 37 years in the White House of Marines
Go ahead, he's talking, shut up on each
Shut up, boy, go into a timeline
And then get to what the president said
In May 1st, 2003, the president declared it was a major
End of major operations
Then, then he sent John Hamrie
To Iraq, John Hamrie was under Secretary of Defense and equipment administration
And, uh, he found all kinds of problems
He said, you got three months, three critical months to get this thing under control
If you want to control the security
Uh, 12 months of the most, the three months are crucial, the first three months
He said, small things like sewage and water
And things that a lot of people don't pay attention to
I pay attention because of my gesture, it gets important
But a lot of people paid no attention to that report
I went there, now this was July that Hamrie made his report
And it was a very prescient report
I mean, it was a very accurate report about the predictions of what was going to happen
And we have a copy of it here for you
In August 16th, I went to Iraq from August 16th to 20th
When it came back, I said to Secretary Rumsfield
We required immediate attention of body armor
They said they were prepared, they said they had what they needed
40,000 troops didn't have body armor
They needed armored humvees, they needed jammers and Kevlar Blankessass for it
This was all levels of people in Iraq at the time
Then I wrote to the president of September 4th
And I said, I believe you have miscalculated
The magnitude of the effort
We are facing, we should energize or rocketize
And internationalize this effort
And we have copies that letter in there
Then we had the $87 billion supplemental in October of 2003
I said in mature that I felt the most important part of that supplemental was the construction money
A lot of people voted against it because they didn't think we should be spending money in Iraq
For construction, when Welflwitz, the system secretary Welflwitz had said
It's going to be paid for by all money
A lot of people opposed it on the floor but it passed handily
Then I went to back to Iraq and I told Ambassador Bummer
General Sanchez and General Adonero
And the young general that was the public-relations guy
He used to guys who were way too optimistic about this
You are not being honest with the American people
They took language, I guess the nasty letters
Because I usually do when I say something like this
Now you remember I wrote to the president
The September 4th of September
Too bad we don't have time to hear all of this
We don't
We got spots to get on you
Maybe he'll still be talking when we come back
Funny man passed one, that's Jack Murthy by the way
Like he said, he gets nasty letters when he tells the truth
They don't like the truth, they can't stand it
Anyways, that's the most wonderful time of the year
Again, unless you hate to credit malls, the crazy shoppers
The long-registered lines, the parking hassles
So this year makes your gift giving a lot easier
For you and your loved ones give me
Down mattress gift certificate
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you order a down mattress gift certificate
And you get a nomination and a new better make a perfect gift at last for years
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you choose from the top names too
Sigley, Surtos, Simmons, King Coral, Stearns and Foster, you would interpret it too
Maybe you suffered some damage from the Hurricanes, maybe Mattress is done
Maybe you need a bed for those last men on a bite of how they guess
Call 1-800-Mattress, you'll get same data delivered from 8 in the morning till 10 at night
And you still get to pick the date and time for the liberty for your schedule any to our window
When it's convenient for you, now the mattress is part of the record of being on time 99.7% of the time
Which is why the rack number one in customer satisfaction
I've been using them for years for a long, long time and you ought to be doing the same
Before those guests arrive, pick up the phone and call 1-800-Mattress or log on to their website at mattress.com
1-800-Mattress, we've off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Saving
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69 A.S
Bill Paracá
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Design
I'm dying out of here.
It's a really morning meeting, like two or three o'clock in the morning when he met
with people during the air war.
And he said, get your troops out of Saudi Arabia.
The minute this war was over, you're on sacred ground.
You're destabilizing the whole region.
I record that back to the State Department.
But if you know, we didn't get our troops out there, we left our troops there.
Then, Rodin said, he attacked the United States because of the troops in Saudi Arabia.
That's terrorism.
Terrorism was in London.
Terrorism was Spain.
Terrorism was obviously in the United States.
That's completely separate from what's going on in Iraq.
Iraq is an insurgency.
And one of the hearings early on, Secretary Ronesfield denied there was an insurgency.
He said it was a gang or something or other.
But they wouldn't admit that they were having real problems over there.
They kept...
So basically, everybody said, is there all line and Bush's speech today as usual was
alive?
Did we know that already?
No.
Yeah, sure we did.
How about you?
One here, Marine Daughter or not.
I do.
Torturing the facts, Marine writes, she is so great in the print, man.
She's such a great writer.
I'm TV.
Her appearances are...
She just don't...
She can't do it.
She's a proper TV.
She's just a silly person on TV.
But writing she pulls no punches.
We love her.
She says, our secretary of state's torturous defense is supposedly an
unexistent CIA torture chambers in Eastern Europe was an asset flashback to
clintonian parsing.
Just as Bill Clinton pranced around questions about marijuana use at Oxford during the
92 campaign by saying he never broke in the laws of his country, so condolese, arise,
pranced around questions about outsourcing torture by suggesting that President Bush
had never broken the laws of his country.
But in Bill's case, he was only talking about smoking a little joint while Kadi is
talking about stancing people off the street and throwing them into lethal joints.
The US government does not authorize or condone torture to detain the issue, she said.
It all depends on what you mean by authorize, condone, torture, and detainees.
Ms. Rice also claimed that the US did not transport terrorism suspects for the purpose of
interrogation using torture.
But hey, as Ramiya had liked to say, stop happens.
The president said he was opposed to torture and then effectively issued regulation to
allow what any normal person and certainly a victim would consider torture.
Alberto Gonzalez at all have defined torture, DBSC downward to the point where it's hard
to imagine what would count as torture.
Under this administration, prisoners have been hung by their wrists and had electrodes attached
to their gendels.
They've been water-borted, exposed to extreme heat and cold, and threatened with death
even I said I'd be killed.
Ms. Rice think anyone is buying her loophole riddled defense, not with the Italians thinking
you're rounding up CIA officers to waste them whether they abducted a cleric in Milan,
and with Turkimata Cheney slouching around Capitol Hill, trying to circumvent John McCain,
legalizing torture at the CIA's secret prisons by preventing Congress from requiring decent
treatment for US prisoners.
As the Times as Scott Schaim reported today, a German man called it al-Maziris said he
was kidnapped, beaten, and spirited away to Afghanistan by CIA officers and apparent
case of mistaken identity in 2003.
He's suing the former CIA chief George Tennant and three companies allegedly involved in
the clandestine flights.
Mr. Masri, a 42-year-old former Carl Salesman, was refused entry into the US on Saturday.
He had intended to hold news conference in Washington yesterday, but ended up talking to reporters
over a video satellite link, telling how he was beaten, photographed nude, and injected
with drugs during five months in detention.
Mr. Masri said to an interpreter, I don't think I'm the human being I used to be.
When Ms. Rice was a Stanford professor of international relations, she would have flunk
any student who dared to present her with a sort of willfully, this ingenuous pitful
she spouted on the eve of her European trip.
Maybe she figured that if she was able to fool people with once with double talk about
WMD, she can fool them again with double talk about rendition.
As Tatters spreads about Condi as a possible presidential contender, we're left wondering
once more who this woman really is.
Is she doing this willingly or is she handed in by the powerful men around her?
As a former national security adviser, was had the presence ear for five years, did she
try to fight the appalling attempt to shred the Geneva conventions, or did she just go
along with it?
Is she doing vices nefarious bidding on torture, just as she did on jitting up for the case
for invading Iraq?
As Condi used weasel words on torture, Hillary took a weasel position on flag burning,
trying to convince the conservatives that she still got a bit of that gold-water girl
inner, the woman who would be the first woman present as co-sponsoring a Republican bill,
making it illegal to desecrate the American flag.
The red stator is backing this measure, or generally the ones who already can't stand
Hillary, so they won't be fooled.
The Senator doing clintonian triangulating is just as transparent as the secretary doing
clintonian parsing.
Speaking of silly masquerades, who does judge Samuel Alito Jr. think he's fooling, are
presenting himself as a reasonable jurist.
Here's a guy whose entire career seems to be based on their interfering with women's
lives.
He wanted overturned Roe v. Wade, condoned the strip search of a 10-year-old girl, and
belonging to a conservative alumni club that resisted the admission of women to Princeton.
All in all, a bad week for women sheer torture to watch.
There's your girl, there's today's column, from the New York Times.
Five-kilomericists.
See, there you go.
Twenty-till-two, I'll tell you, Jack Murphy, he's whipped up into a friend's ear.
Maybe this is a pattern now, every time Bush comes down and lies with all these speeches,
they'll put Jack Murphy good time.
When I made my initial proposal to redeploy the troops and to make a diplomatic effort,
in the only way I think this will work, I don't think you can continue to draw down
the way they're talking about.
They're going to withdraw.
There's no question they're going to withdraw.
I predicted a big proportion of troops will be out by next year, but the problem is they're
just as vulnerable.
The biggest vulnerability we have in Iraq is the convoy.
Every convoy is attacked.
When I was in Ann Bar, at the Difa, every single convoy was attacked.
It goes there to bring the logistics and supplies that they need.
That's the most vulnerable part of our deployment.
And if you have half the troops here, you're going to still have to supply them, resupply them
on the ground, and they're going to be attacked.
We better stop him.
He's making too much sense.
We don't want too much of this getting on the air here.
You know, probably like lose our license if we had one.
141 at 560 W anyway.
Before you get carried away, the audio vault is out.
Yeah, let's hear some more John Rutherford.
Well, no, I got a spot here to do.
I'm just saying.
Well, we still got some actually paid spots here before the end of the show.
To what?
And to the show, I said.
To show, to show, to show.
You know, to show?
Just how about to crow?
Hey, truth is, when you do it a compare, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
And it's outflowed the only Ford dealer to shop at his Armstrong Ford at Homestead.
Now, the holidays are here.
Call them whatever you want.
Maybe your car was damaged or maybe you just want a new ride.
Well, now's the smart time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let him put you behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford at Homestead, they've got a fantastic deal waiting for you all kinds of offers and incentives.
You know, $1,000 cashback or financing is low at 0% on a Ford 500 or freestyle.
If $5,000 cashback on Explorer Expedition, how about 2 grand cashback on Escape and $2,500 cashback on Focus?
No, Focus Focus, certain restrictions apply.
When you buy Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program as well.
You heard right, tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford at Homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget because it's locally owned and operated.
They've been around a long time and will continue to be. They want to see you for years to come so they'll treat you just like family to make you a customer for life.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and switch, no phone, no deal. So called David Rich at 305, 2, 4, 751, 12 and tell him you want their neil deal.
That's at Armstrong Ford at Homestead, 307, 25 South Dixie Highway, 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web if you like Armstrongcars.com but do it soon. Drive a few miles extra to save yourself.
Well, it's not a great deal at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. He said, now, do I owe you the cure?
No, no, no.
Well, they were training to attack the United States or our allies and that was important to us. Only reason I've sent them back.
We've been thinking of having intelligence assets within the country to keep track of such things.
No, absolutely. Our presence would be the embassy and the intelligence assets in the embassy.
I don't think I think your rocket would be glad to tell us if we were cherry growing inside our country once we're out of there.
Yeah, one in doubt. Let's get that out. Okay, so you don't have no spots. We don't.
Well, I'll be damned. I guess I'm going to have to do this story about the Kansas professor.
And by the way, remember I told you this morning about this thing about fundees? Yeah, what's a fundee?
That's the not like Ted Bundy, but fundee. Oh, and before I do this story, Evangelist Graham's daughter gets a deal on battery charge.
You see this? She's got a battery charger? Yeah, she borrowed it from Sally Fitz.
The Daytona Beach, a daughter of world famous Evangelist Billy Graham, signed an agreement with prosecutors that would figure
from a criminal charge at a domestic violence, according to documents filed in court this week. Virginia Graham, four men, 60 must attend counseling and completely required two men for domestic violence.
That they missed her mean or battery charge dismissed. Formant with charge with striking or husband Chad Robert, four men at a shopping center parking light in New Smirna Beach on July one and was scheduled to face trial this week.
How do you like that? Hope he must be a real whoo. Virginia, four men, the oldest to Billy Graham, still has no power criminal record.
And Chad Foreman didn't want to press charges. Those two factors that the prosecutors throw off the agreement for deferred prosecution.
We felt under the fact in the circumstances that this was an appropriate sanctions had lend a pro it.
Spokesman for John Tanner stayed attorney for the seventh judicial circuit, which includes Malaysia flag their puntum and same John's counties.
Neither Virginia Foreman or attorney Michael Teal were available for comment on Monday. Witnesses saw the delay on spring couple in the parking lot of the came bar.
And so he was in the parking lot.
So he was in the parking lot.
Looking for him as he hid behind a truck.
She chased him down. How do you like that? She's going to run him over. Praise the Lord. According to the form and agreement, she must be supervised for a year or 10 counseling.
It must not have highly incremental laws rack violated toward her husband.
She must also pay 50 bucks at the state attorney's office that the by 50 and 39 bucks to New Smirna Beach police were cross related to the case.
How do you like that? More of these other good. Holy there's so much better than we are. You know, it's so good to got people like that running around in the loop.
I know. Tell us what it is. Yeah. Now you can go ahead and hit the exit. We're going to try to play him out of the other room. Okay. Stand by folks.
Get on the edge of your seats. Pinsons. Okay. I'll say you were to stick him any second.
This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62.
I'm going to ask to address briefly the role of women and girls around the world.
I support the government of the United States speaking out strongly against the rights and choices of women.
And at the same time promoting a very high rate of trafficking of young girls into sexual slavery.
Unfortunately in recent years, our government has not been making the commitment to this that I wish that it would.
Today, for example, I'm sending the president a letter urging him to legalize prostitution and to make raffles.
I introduce legislation that calls for a clear global strategy to achieve universal prostitution.
But we've got to do more to back up our rhetoric with actions so I should participate. Thank you all very much.
Thank you.
I'm going to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask
to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to
ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask
to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to
ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask
to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to
ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask
to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to
ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask to ask
Old Man in a major league of childhood game in a major league of children's game in a major league of children's game.
me coming who's done more for a black community.
해야 after my hero can remember you were a much younger man and there was more more vacant more vacant and because of him my hero was a much younger man
isance.
I have an idea.
What do you want?
Yes, Mo.
I think what you're doing.
Hey, hey, wait, I'm in a way.
Wait, wait, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Oh, he can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks.
What's Jackie Robin?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that I'm presuming.
Oh, he must have been disconnected through no fault of my own.
On the anytime, Tal, you open it a high tones.
What happened today?
You can't tell me exactly how to do this.
No, no, no, that's not what I said.
You can't talk to that.
Now, don't get me wrong here.
It goes up to like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Nipsey Russell?
Nipsey Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
Who did you talk to about?
I got you, I got you.
The proof they want it right.
But who should question right?
The proof they want them right?
Well, who did more?
Rosa Parks or Slapi White?
Oh, yeah.
Who did more for the parts of Rochester?
Who did more for the parts of Rochester?
Who did more for the people?
And I did not.
Who did more for the parts of the point part?
No, no, that's not what you had the other way.
You didn't see them.
You can't forget to go up there.
You, when I heard my old pal's voice.
You can't forget to go up there.
Bye, bye, bye.
