Hello, I hear I thought I heard I was just wrestling around I didn't realize if I never know if the pot is open or if Georgia smoking it
So it's good to hear your voice. I missed you last week. How are you?
Well, you were out. Let's see. I was on Tuesday and you were out, Ellen. Yeah, boy. It was I sick Tuesday really
Would you have bad bowl of grits something like that? Yeah? Yeah
You have a bad bowl of grits. It gives you something that rhymes with grits
I didn't know that. Yeah, it was the other end. It's the pits. Oh, I see really yeah
Well, that's bad. Yes, but I'm okay now
Get ready to go to Las Vegas tomorrow. Well, there you go
So I'm ready to go to Niagara Falls. How do you like that? You are yeah
Why are you going to Niagara Falls? Plunge my guts out at the brand new fall. That's right. You know
You know place you you love that place. Yeah, they got it all there. They got your all you know
It's not just slots. They got the whole gamut like Vegas
Yeah, then I was playing there a couple weeks ago and Lady comes up to me
So we are with the outfit on so obviously she's official. She said she knew my name too
Because once you put the card in the machine. Yeah in a computer room. They can read your shoe size and everything your whole life history
And she said well, we'll see you're a serious player
We'd like to to invite you to come back as often as you want it will take care of your room and we'll take care of your meals
Yeah, see I'm finally getting smart in my old age all the times that I went to Vegas and paid for rooms that I could have gotten for nothing
I'm a schmuck. I have never paid for room in Las Vegas
Yeah
And mainly because I know people in the business out there
So and and the thing of it is I'm not like a huge gambler. I mean relatively speaking. I'm not gonna go there and lose 10 or 20 grand
But uh, I guess if they see that you're serious especially in like a tourist like in Vegas in Niagara Falls
You know where most people come through and they bet you know 50 here 120 bucks whatever
You know Las Vegas is not so liberal with the cops anymore really now you have to be a pretty big substantial player
In order to get everything free and the great thing about the falls view casino is all rooms overlook the falls. Yeah
Seems to be able to be a baby day. You know what I'm playing you know is kind of played jumping
You know it's just gonna say
So usually knows, but you know they never have windows that open in Las Vegas hotels
Yeah, that's a good point. Yep. Well, once 118 degrees in the shade
Anyway, but there are other times a year when it's not a window and cooler off in here
Yeah
Yeah, it's like one time years ago. I was driving through um, California in the summertime
Yeah, and I was like in a death valley, you know, yep, and oh, I made a bad mistake of and of course that was years ago
I had this clunky old car and I didn't want to like run a year conditioning too much
So I thought well, let me just crack a window with eight o'clock at night. You know, it was dark and
Man, I shut that thing real quick. You just got real steamy real fast. I've driven that Las Vegas to Los Angeles
And yeah, you get the barsto and you see that they there's a when you get in a barsto next to a bank
There's a big clock outside with the temperature on it. Right. He says about 108
You know 112. Yeah, I'm the summer. I don't know how people can stand that. No, it's any great
I'm about to dry heat and yeah, and baby's right 110 it only feels like 109
You know exactly once they're crap and then everything you touch you know you get that static electricity and like yeah
That's what I don't like Vegas, but I never will go back really you know we're going back to Las Vegas now
Yeah, why should I go there when I can go in an hour and 20 minutes?
I can go I got my own driver here
He can drive me to Niagara Falls in an hour and 20 minutes and I got everything there could possibly want and all kinds of great restaurants
They have a restaurant in the falls you called the famous which no relation to the South Florida one but man's damn good
They got several restaurants, you know Las Vegas still has great restaurants, but I don't like Las Vegas as much as I I don't enjoy it as much as
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, because probably for the same reasons you don't have to go there anymore right right anywhere
So I mean entertainment's not what it used to be I was in Waikiki in Hawaii six times two years ago
And it was great, but I would never go back there because it just too damn much of a hassle to get there
It's too far and I've been there and it's too crowded and you know as you get old like us
Yeah, your attitude is about some things change
You know the first the first time you go to Vegas or the first few times. It's very exciting
You know like all glitzy all the lights in there everything is going 24-7
But after a few times you get kind of like burned out. I agree
Especially from South Florida because the one thing about South Florida
Oh to get back to what the guy was saying before about the Marlins. Yeah, see this is this is an old brainer
I've said this for many many years. I mean you can you know we both use that term bushly town
But it there's no passion. There's no passion
That's why the Marlins could win the World Series every year and there still wouldn't be any passion
It's just it's just not there
I've often asked the question. I never got the answer
Where do these people who were from New York from Mother Midwest? What did they do before they came to town?
Well, what what what what was their entertainment? What was their pastime? What were they interested in because it's
Nothing that's going on there now whether whether it's whether it's whether it's the Marlins whether it's hockey whether it's a horse race
And no matter what it is South Florida is just a hot bit of indifference
Very well put. Yeah, but not agree with you more. Yeah, they just they just aren't bad
The only thing they're passionate about is the early bird dinners and getting the freebies and you know if you owned a baseball team
Would you put it in Florida? No chance. Listen before the show before
I'm talking to you. I was telling Josh again about watching the Tampa Bay Games that I'm serious
You could have your own stadium not just your own section. You could own the stadium for like a minimal
They played the blue jays played down there a few days ago. I'm watching on TV and there couldn't have been 500 people there
I don't care what they said the attendance in the paper was like 6400
There couldn't have been 500 people there. There was nobody there
You know, how can they have a franchise?
You know part of the problem I think is whether one of the reasons why they can't draw down here is
Have the population that's ambulatory leaves in the summer right and the rest of it
Haven't I said that for years that baseball is a summertime sport and half the population is gone
Almost all summer long anyone anybody with more than ten bucks who can afford to get out of town. How does it go on?
So you're going to Vegas tomorrow? Yep
My annual July fourth trip. Yeah after the show. Yeah, and then I'm in LA next week
I've got the Hollywood Gold Cup next Saturday. Do you run vacation next week?
Well, I'm vacation from this
Writing on the Saturday. We're gonna be doing the show
I don't know they haven't told me
I don't think I want to know. Yeah, well we can work that number down to about a one
It's plummeting in that direction. Yeah, well they're they're doing their best to a very you alive
But you know, we'll survive
They're doing all of us. Well, how do you account for a W I N Z's number fluke? Yeah, I'm getting tired of these flukes
Yeah, seems like every you know I don't understand it. It's pretty hard
I think what we ought to do is not pay attention to the monthly is anymore because they don't mean anything
Yeah, they really don't because the sample is so small and then when it can't find anybody who speaks English
It's really very difficult. I mean this this last trend the other day was so heavily ethnic that you know
Watch a hot 105 were like doubling their audience and
About audio mum be with all the old the green tooth Julios. It's just
There's no credibility there that other we have the other
Station didn't do too hot either. Huh that other sports station
I keep telling these people here where they don't you know we know nothing but I keep telling them
It's not important that see their motto is it's not important that we succeed but that the competition fails
Well, that that doesn't get the job done, you know
I mean we already know that they suck and other than Joe they got nothing on the year. Oh, and not only
Well listen
Yeah, this thing with very jackass column this morning. I just had a
Before the show I had an unconfirmed confirmation on this yeah Jimmy syphilis and Joe doing the dolphin games
That's what they were saying. Yeah, if Jimmy syphilis does the dolphin games
That could be even a bigger bone head move than Greg reading the beesies have ever made that that's got to be the dumbest thing
Jimmy syphilis is a nice guy
But a play-by-play guy for the dolphins for anybody in FL. I've never heard Jimmy do play by play. Oh come on
Come on
What are you talking about my friends again?
No, I understand I know your buddies with these people
Very close to Jimmy business. It's not personal. It's this but I've never heard him do play by
Oh my goodness holy
Mechanism is he ever played by play? I don't know, but that's the point. Wouldn't you bring in somebody from outside?
It's just like this
Television there's all these other people available out there let the guy that does the
Washington games that I discussed this with you before the watching the games they used to do the oryled games on TV
Which guy I don't know who you're talking about Mel Proctor. Oh, I know Mel Proctor is outstanding
He sounds a lot like the late Chuck Thompson. He sounds very much like Chuck's
I'll say a guy who's out there. But wait a minute. Wait a minute. They stayed they moved Montreal
They got a new franchise in Washington instead of like putting some kid that they found on a street corner with a microphone
On the year they bring in an experienced pro who's a great broadcast who's from me to the market right
They bring in a guy that nobody ever heard of before he used to do
According to a tape recorder real-the-real tape recorder in Seattle somewhere
Well, there is I know Mark champion is available. Well, there we go. He's excellent. Good play by play
Right damn good and they're gonna bring in Jimmy syphilis. Oh, please. I'm sorry. See there. Go pick on your buddies again
Hey Jimmy. Why am I gonna do it wasn't it on my time wasn't me?
Well
Now what race are you doing the Hollywood gold cup? Okay. What differences it make. It's a race
Very well said that's right
There's something to go around it could be cockroaches running around the track. Yep
Two minutes till the seventh of Windsor last night here we go from my Marty Edler. I've been to much on this one
That's right. I already saw well listen have a great day and day. Thank you too. I'm not gonna be losing the day area
No, I'm golfing today. Oh good. I don't bet too much on that. No, I won't for sure
We got away
Actually, I'm golfing with a couple of guys from the Doffins organization and my old friend spot
You'll friend who? He has a spot on his left eye so we call him spot
Great, like a real dog to me. He's here guys. He won't these days. All right. I hope so. Okay
We're brides right away
And Bill O'Reilly is considered a journalist much like Jeff Ganon
I've never spent
Nora F. Ron Hollywood's
Time on television a story that will never go away long as there's atrocities to cover up run away bride
And here what critics are saying about runaway bride Larry King of certainly not news
This is the worst piece of crap I ever watched this. Oh look at this size of this jack
Like I was a runaway bride greatest film ever made Bob Schufer of CBS news. Thanks for the check runaway bride is
Dokey so lineup like the obedient lemon you are to see runaway bride
Oh 10.09 at 5.60 WQM happy Thursday to age you and 30 looks you in the month
30th already, but they'll happen to this month see that's one of my creative is that this whole summer thing
Is gonna go by so fast like a block of an eye
Yeah, back to that five-year-old we crap. I say that to starting today and I'm not doing it
Well, yes, I am
Because we had a bad trend it was down. Oh, there wasn't as bad as some sports station
I can think of but again, it's not important that they fail it's important that we succeed right
I hate to break the news to some of our people trend like oh, well G 18 to 34 they had a zero
They had a point oh, that's great, you know
First of all it's not our demographic second of all they got a few wired diaries the previous month
So they started thinking like they're really hot stuff and they're not but this story here
I was gonna say let's forget the trends let's start just working on when the book comes out because Arbitron can't find any white people who speak English and South Florida
So once every three months luckily our people get diaries and they do a real good job and they wire
I mean they fill them out for us and that's it and that's how we can hope for
You know my blood sugar was this morning. I dare not ask 12. Oh, very nice 72
My blood sugar in the morning has been 72 since before Abe Lincoln was a baby
Right nice go Neal excellent
They're not eating all that ice cream. I'm not losing a lot of weight actually
I understand the one thing I have found on the Actins and a lot of people like to poo poo it
Yeah, a lot of people like to poo poo
like
The bottom line is that with me in my blood chemistry at straightens that I real grade my blood sugar and my all these other things
cholesterol it doesn't I don't know and that's because I'm not I gotta go out as soon as the temperature gets under 90
I'm gonna go start walking every day very good. It's pretty and hot and humid anyway the dolphins who are moving their games from Q
Way M5 60 to 79 to the ticket rights very jackass this morning have offered their radio analyst job to Joe Rose
And I'm interested in pairing him with former dolphins team a Jimmy Cifilis
According to officials close to the situation. Oh my god
Seriously, like I just said to Hank if that's their idea putting the other a broadcast team for the adult for an NFL professional team
Then they need some
Serious help. I mean get real where do plays you clowns you fools you you fairy rose into climbing
Yeah, Joe could do a fine job on the color, you know, he's no man dog, but nobody is all right
They'll do a good job, but Jimmy Cifilis is gonna be the play by play guy
This is the best you can do
Rose has declined to discuss tonight originally say he wasn't interested in the job because of time constraints
But numerous associations expecting to accept the gig
Sepalo WPLG's lead sportscaster was on vacation unavailable on Wednesday
But it said he has interest in the dolphins radio job
ESPN announcer in 790 tacos
Booge Shambi was considered furliner for the play by play job after NBC 6 refusal
Our news anchor Tony cigaretteo to accept the position
Remember that
And this is reading it again makes me want to scream
But recently the team which controls the announcer hires has become intrigued about pairing two dolphins in the booth
Shambi would be a top candidate if Sepalo and the team don't reach the deal in the play by play position
But I heard from an inside source this morning before the show that it's basically a done deal
Jimmy Cifilis doing play by play for a team that had the great Rick weaver and the more Howard David and
The boy and they're gonna put Jimmy Cifilis out there do the games. What an infom the a man
People are jumping off the tops of buildings now just hearing that news, you know
Exactly
Anyway, we got to one hell of a show today or not
And of course it all depends technically enough the audio vault crashes better get some spots in before we can do many more
You
You
You
No, Howard from Boka
People in middle east must be assured
That we will investigate
Now it seems to me that they know just what to say that we will find out the truth
Medellins in Belgium are the only other two countries that allowed the imagination
Why Canada's House of Commons passed legislation to the as I said many moments ago that would legalize the emerge the Senate is expected a passable
By the end of July Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero noted this into baby for the vote
And of course the US all not in the USA. Oh, no not that factory. You're good. Right. We got to have some scapegoat all the time
We know bigotry is just running abundant in the US and it never will stop
Anyway, here's our pool today. I'm tempted to do a beat curtain thing. They ought to beat it curtain today. We got the
naked pictures of
Britney Spears and Kate Holmes and Tom crew right doing it together. I'll doing it
He just really he's annoying me out of the pool. I just want it
I want him to have like a bad car record something
You know remember mark Hamill that into a bad car wreck right in his vet
I want the same thing to happen to Tom Cruise only with a much worse result
I haven't come out like a vegetable. He just he just annoying his hell
Now we'll send it George before the show this morning have there's one big difference so between him and Mel Gibson
What's that? Oh, and that is the well for getting about that
Mel Gibson made a crap load of money from the Jesus crab. Okay from the Jesus juice right but but this
This time and now they said across 120 million conservatively to make this movie the most expensive movie to make it all time
Although I'm hearing reviews now that are like mixed a lot of very good ones people raving about it
George saw the movie and he said well it was very spectacular to see but there was no real story and it was pretty much just a
Point by point copy of the original. Yeah, like nothing you see here except it was more expensive
Yeah, the worst therapy unacceptable anything same ending but worse
How do you like that? So the point being that the movie actually be lucky to break even because their standard actually cost like 200 million to make it you put all the crap together
Well the good news all the zen is that there's no competition out there
It's really bleak summer as far as good news go and Josh was saying that you guys have been
frantically searching for the original war of the world. Yeah, it's been on it's been on my cable here like a hundred times in line really two weeks
It's all over the place. I mean I have it ordered it online yet
I've been trying to find it you know in shops here physically and I haven't been able to I see my rent or the
Like I started to say I don't want to ask that question
What radio do you listen to between seven and 10 a.m. We're asking today 249 votes
I was only going to be a preliminary poll
I was going to sneak in there but based on the trends yesterday and based on the fact that the you people aren't putting
Hank down in the morning is that is that because you're not listening or is it because you hate Mike Burrino?
Is it because you despise aura and
What's the story there inquiry minds would like to know because that tutu, you know, it looks very attractive on the
Humber but you know never to lie
Numbers got to move a little bit a lot you know on the sand what do you say so we're trying to find out what do you listen to most
Between seven and 10 a.m. Thanks 63 he sure doing okay with our crowd 26.3% none no radio in the morning before 1045
Air America 32 that is scary. That's our commie pinko liberal crowd out there are politically oriented
intellectuals like the ones here calling the show all the time other FM
27 how about what what could that be why see I don't want to make a list of every station
Right so I put down you know as many as I could NPR 22
Waxi the ticket 15 okay, let's see you Hank scoweth
63 and Waxi 15 not that good Paul and Ron 15 other a.m. 14
W.I.O.D. 5 which would be what's his name rhymes with direct back blend back
Very weak at least part of that time period why 103
Love 94 to magic to EDRs go one. It's not our crowd W.E.D.R. That's a bunch of punks
That are driving on a highway with a radio just cranking the speakers are coming right through the dashboard
They're cranking it and they're spanking it kisses go one power 96 one Steve came mr. Ego's go one
Thanks for voting Steve and
The rest of the coast has none w. And now what is w. H. D. R. I just wrote these down from the trends the other day
I don't know see I would see this is what happens when he keeps changing call letters in four minutes every five minutes
Uh
Nobody even knows what type of your station is what is w h the R?
Oh, that might be a new rock station what they change at the call letter. Well used to be Zeta now
No, what you know that's our MGE
That's me. Yeah, it's the new 93 rock sorry
What what is h the R? Yeah, h the R
Well, that's not Zeta's date is 92 point oh no it took over
You know to be the rock station 94 night. Oh life none
How long oh five none? I'd audio mom be none. That's because old green list of tooth green list and toothless
So Julio's over the age of 100 see I I came back because that nice winning morning yesterday
Would buy I was telling Josh the story that I want to give him to play slots and I
Totted you up just in time to hear you say that the number one in men was a radio mom be 18 plus
And I thought well, that's not a problem for us because all of their audiences over the age of 100
So when it gets to 2554 they got like a point five. I looked at you know they got nothing
Wdc mq nun and WMGE nun will see mq does very very well, but again not our crowd, you know
Because we just we just cannot compete with the no-speciting ways crowd. It's just that's a matter of fact
Not my opinion because South Florida now. They're just it's more and more. It's becoming a foreign country when I was there the four days
I went in one day to my favorite public shelter by sawgrass
I'm not talking about the people that work there. I'm talking about the customers. No speaking English
It was like
Pop-pop-pop like that like walking into way like going into the sub-rest nobody speaking English
I thought what is this all about? I mean how did this change so fast? What's going on here a behead days?
Have it Emily and boy talk about multiplying fast
Can't play for five times
And of the A and A six bunch of obvious ways gonna tell us all with the scene and say Donald Wildman
Yeah, Donald Wildman
Not to neocon route a little bit for you and the cracks the cracks give you
Let's
I'm going to watch every year kids on the internet as he monitors the external wild
Every night while
He's gonna pick the shoes when you can hear you. He's a man of the boys. It's all done
They're back on wild
Bees of crooked ones like games
Like in the low
Guess what just on CNN again for about 10 seconds candle coffee hey candle coffee for closes. Okay
Get off my screen already go away
Man, it's just the same garbage. I think I think I take it in a TV like tossing off my belt can it be a really good idea
At least between 10 and 2 think we got to take some calls
I understand you had some technical problems yesterday and I'm looking on here on our website
I see eight dropouts already and so many like 10 33 so in a half an hour that we've been on already our
Internet streaming has dropped out eight times
So we have a technical nightmare at WQ and we just can't seem to get anything working yesterday the audio vault crashed and
They had some interviews and silly ass sports interview that we're doing with Carlos Delgado
And it was bleeding over in the phone line
So George went for an hour and a half and couldn't take any phone calls because obviously interview in Carlos Delgado
There's a lot more important than whatever's on here, especially if it's that pain in the ass George right so this is the kind of shenanigans that are going on at WQ
I got news for you man. They need an ass kicking some of these people
They need a real serious ass kicking in that building and I just might come down there one of these days and do it
But don't hold your breath WQ I am hello
Our phones working today. Let's hear it
That's a good start
I know you're a big fan of town cruise, but I'll be you know
Do you see that interview with Matt on how her about 8,000 times? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a two-day flight. I was out in Vegas
And I want 200 bucks
What's not bad? Hey, if you win, it's a good day, right? Hey, if you if you go home with your clothes on, it's a great day
Have you been there recently or no? No, I'm not going back really now. Let me ask you something a lot of action
I'm gonna ask everybody do you listen to Hank in the morning? You know what I hate to say it but I'm really tired of sports talk and kind of blows
It's all about the same stuff and in the middle of summer
Don't say you're afraid to say it just we want the truth
In the middle of summer, you know, there's nothing going on now. I'm a big hockey fan
And how bad is it when I got to watch basketball to take the place to something else, you know
You know my wife said to me why you since when do you like basketball right and is that when it's nothing on you know, so
You know
Okay, punch your bets out pali
Okay, there he goes he I don't listen to you don't want to hear sports talk. Oh, I bet your clearance is upset about that
He's tired of sports talk. He's tired of hearing the same about people talking about the same stuff
Not just on one station, but now two stations
You know, it's enough to make me take this you myself
I think what we need to spice it up a call. I got a huge pile here today
Because I'm only in these shows twice a week so I got a lot to stop but yeah, I know you like that. I do
I don't care. Jesus. I think it's really interesting finding out why these people are what the story is
See, I think they're bearing the Humper which is very sad to me. I think they're like
You got a death wish for him that format is an abortion and then they continue
I come in here this morning. I turned on I heard nothing but spots and spots and spots and then we got the traffic
I know whether we're in this and then and then there's like an open for Mike Buridino has got his own open
Yeah, if it isn't Ira, it's Mike. You know, I want to hear the Humper
I don't want when it's the Hank Goldberg show. I want to hear Hank
I don't want to hear some flunky sports writer for a horse ball newspaper. Okay. I want to hear the Humper
Guys when I got a three-hour show. He's in an off from Vettin horses half the week
At least let him do a show and quit putting these flunkies these losers on the year who are killing us over here
Clarence WDQ. I am hello. Neo. Yes, sir. I have a question for George. I saw one
He's not all the other days calling him when he's on. Please. David for tomorrow. Good. Yeah, calm tomorrow WDQ. I am hello
I don't think there's a human being in the face of the earth that I hate more than Hank Goldberg. Why is that?
Because he's just first of all
He's not quite as knowledgeable as sports as he thinks he is
Secondly, he's just like a rude grouchy fat bastard and you know, I have no interest to listen to him now Joe Rose is also terminal
So I don't listen to sports parties. So when you listen to it in the morning
I just kind of wander anglously through the FM stations right till till I come on until Jorge or you come on well
Thank God for that we love you man because I love you and I love
Okay, Hank hates you, but we love you
Well, okay, don't like Hank that's okay. I understand that I mean there people that hate me like poison
There are a lot of people hate you mostly. Oh, yeah, I know inside the building
But uh, it's not interesting. He's a the sports talk thing see there's nothing going on boys and girls
There's nothing going on you know, there's a basketballs over with last time I checked even the NBA draft is over with
There's no hockey the guy before said he's a hockey fan, which is like five of them in South Florida
A little hockey would bob cool 10 of a and Calgary the seventh given the same cup finals whatever the hell it was
See like I also said in Hank this morning. There's no passion for any of these things in town. It's just a place where like
It's La La land. It really is
Although when you hear way to the story, okay, I can't restrain myself. I can't hold his good good
Guess what city is the fastest growing city in USA?
Las Vegas. No
It's in Arizona. You never would have heard of the name of this town. So I'll give you a clue in the name of the city
Gilbert that's it. All right. You've heard of that place. No consider a move to Gilbert, Arizona
If you're looking to trade in that two bedroom home for four bedrooms and a pool in the backyard. Yeah, okay
Everywhere we go even back in the Midwest you hear Gilbert all the time
Does Karen Breeden who moved to the Phoenix suburb last week from South Bend, Indiana where their husband and two children's people come here because they were good jobs
It's pretty affordable and offers lots for the families too
So you said Gilbert topped the list of the fastest growing cities with at least 100,000 people
Uh, but the new numbers show residents flocking to mid-sized cities in Florida
Arizona Nevada and California
You notice one thing in common all those the places no what warm weather places. Oh, yeah
Kurt by skyrocketing housing prices people are leaving San Francisco
Boston other large cities in droves. They're bailing out. Gilbert grew by more than
46,000 people are 42% to just over
156,000 residents a little over four years wait until you hear what's number two
You will absolutely drop a giant load on that chair, okay? It's right up the street from where you're sitting right now
A lot of places are bokeh begins with an M
Miramar. Yeah, really
Yeah
Yeah, next on the list ranked by percentage gain was Miramar, Florida followed by north-large Vegas
Port St. Lucille and Roosevelt, California rounding out the top 10 were Henderson Nevada
Chandler, Arizona Kate Coral, Florida and Rancho, Cucamanga and Irvine both of California which of course is the real place
Don Irvine, Jr
I beg your pardon? Rancho, Cucamanga is the real place. Yeah
You never heard of that. I heard a Cucamanga
That's like a made up report with your California cities mister because you should own
Let's see here's also for the pull mark from Helen Dale Beach's satellite radio
Well, that's right. Why didn't we put that on there? That slipped our mind. Well, let's add that on there
This isn't really a building pool. I got stations haven't been invented yet without have lost their license
Oh, how's that license coming by the way clearance?
Sports talk blows says mark psk. I'm for good work George. Well there. See we love mark two. He's happy
He's more happy people
He's one of those how many people we got left now corner that trend
About third man
When it comes to it
You're right
Oh my god
Howard david's a bitch
You're listening to Guantanamo top 40 keeping you awake on a continuous loop 24 hours a day
Seven days a week. I'm Casey Castration
We started the countdown at number 40 with genius a bottle from Christina Aguilara at number 39
Christina Aguilara and Gina in a bottle at number 38
Gina in a bottle from Christina Aguilara at number 37
Christina Aguilara and Gina in a bottle and now
come again at number 36
Christina Aguilar
Gina in a bottle
I like it 14 before 11 o'clock at 5.60 W. If you want let's take a look at that award-winning line-ups
If there's anybody in town at least working. Oh, we got more Howard david
Seriously Rick Weaver Howard David and then Jimmy syphilis. I mean, oh you people over there on a better process
Street I beg your partner just keeps getting better. Yeah. Now you knocking the moment
You can knock a lot of things except the don't bring for you in series now
Marlins are looking to break even right and it lose the first two I believe that's right
And they won in a thriller last night while at 13 and he's I think yeah almost five hours
Wow a marathon last night in fact Josh was just exhausted last night
He probably didn't even have time to go home and use his flavor wave deluxe I almost didn't come in today
But right braves at the Marlin 705 at the state of edd. K follows the baseball game
CKFW
There's a new format
See sports talk radio is on it didn't I tell you months ago was on the way out and I also attended at back
Last spring when we had Moana morning and Joe Rose Moan Joe
They think took our mojo man, right? They stole our mojo as Mike Myers would say good Canadian boy that he is
And all of a sudden but if he put a book down there were people say oh Howard Stern at big numbers
Yeah, but we already knew they had a time at least anybody with a brain knew that was gonna be like really
Dangerous for us to put that on here. He will not be on the air again in South Florida other than satellite radio
Okay, trust me when I tell you and he should have been on the first place
At least not on this station Greg, but they don't want to listen to me because I know nothing
I'm a little bit like that. I only been in the market about how many years I know nothing
So we had a big spring book everything was going on hunky during a screwdriver Joe Rose and live and live kept
Canceling meetings and not showing up for meetings and they're just strong and belonging to liquid
Put the steering thing on and that blew up in our face like an h bomb and now here we are now second wind
What radio do you listen to between seven and ten ay?
I was like I said gonna do that as an interim pool
But I think we'll leave it on there all day get a little you know a little of our own information
Find out what the hell is going on out there
316 votes and another thing of course being it would keep changing the floor mats so often that
Just maybe because they do that some of these people out there the sports nerds they have a scorecard
You know they keep scored baseball games
You have to have a scorecard to keep track of who the else on a station anymore anymore
Hank over 79 none 55 air america 38 now who's on in the morning do we have any idea before jerry springer on air america?
Yeah, I've got it like six to nine a.m. I haven't got any idea other fm 35 NPR is got
Waxie the ticket 21 Hank 79 Waxie 21 Paul and Ron 21 other am 15 you know like those little margill five-off stations
WIO D only five
Y 104 mr. ego three so I guess he and a little brine and nick all voted so far right
I assume hey nick oh, yeah, he's still around magic three love 94 to satellite radio one hot 105 one WD
Er one let's hear we got an EDR hot hip hopper kiss one guy out there is kissing it power 96 one and none
Zero for the coast WHD or whatever that is WLYF wacky at audio mom B WCM Q and WMG
We have no Holyo's man. Although it seems to me. We've already talked to one or two. We have no Julio
Yeah, we do them because of alien the layl and eight Denver the Julio's that listen to Spanish language are listening to Spanish language not us
Yeah, so what does that mean? So you're not gonna get any votes
First of all radio mom B. I mean, it's uh you have to be over the age of 100 and have real green right in a glass right and play a lot in domino
Parth
In other words, those people aren't voting on this poll. They don't speak in English. They're not over here listening
I do understand that but I'm saying that generally speaking how about WCM Q?
That's the one. It's got that hot morning show. But I got it's very funny and this is
A lot I reckon yeah, well, we don't really say any for their CMQ. I have no see this whole crack the crop
That's what it is about the assimilation process if you people will just be patient and another 400 years
The assimilation process will take place and there will be anybody left to speak English in South Florida
No, no, you're green goes that's what they mean by assimilation you green goes to do a fine job assimilating
I gotta yeah right right in a way
I think as much as the word you're looking for
US is expected of keeping secret prisoners on warships according to you and official
I don't want to get too serious now. I know it's the middle of the summertime. We don't want no bummer in the summer
But in fact, I know ladies and gentlemen the Tom Shannon show
CKLW
and Lord is see
What do you say 90 share easy
I
Love them. Anyway, US is secretly detaining terrorism suspects in various locations around the world notably aboard
Prisonships the US special rap or tour on terrorism said rap or tour that's that's the word here
Never heard a such a thing did you nope a rapper tour. I wonder if that's like an ojan
Provacateur a rapper is an ojan provocateur. Yeah a rapper tour who's got a great repertoire while the
accusations were rumors repertoire by they got that in here twice what is this from from
Something a&t
These are very very serious accusations that the US is maintaining secret camps notably on ships
Reperture manford Novak said he said the situation is officially serious to merit an official inquiry
He said that the vessels were believed to be in the Indian Ocean region
There are only rumors that they appear sufficiently well based on her beneficial inquiry. Yeah, we got that now. You know, you just want to see them no
Just take them out there in the middle of the ocean and ask a lot of questions
And then if they don't answer the question just like over you go. They will even throw them in her
An outer any year outy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're investigating what's going on in the market. I think it's bad
Just playing those old CKLW jingles and the music it's you know
I know that this dates me really badly, but once upon a time radio was really a fantastic thing
Even in the personalities great jingles. I mean just it was it was electric. It was exciting look out now
Now it's just a bunch of cookie cutter crap. Oh, here's Jack radio. Here's crap radio
Here's some other cookie cutter format that some jackass on the west coast came up with and others 400 stations are playing it
Here's open up a pot talk radio. Here's Russian flush and
You know the same the same 10 people in every market in America. Who now wants that?
I'll tell you what thing when this show is on here whether it's me or Jorge you people ought to be like getting up your radio and putting your lips on it and the radio too
Okay, you got to be kissy kissy kissy
That's right got to kiss the radio that we're uh
How many markets in this country have got you know, uh, just a local show even with a guy sitting in Toronto
But nevertheless a local show where uh, it's like a local personality. That isn't like on a pot somewhere
You know what I'm saying right not network
Just really pathetic. How many QIA hello? Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, yes. I like the name of stations for a very good reason. Okay. It's uh,
50 I don't know this poll letters WSTL. Okay, but they give frequent traffic reports. All you think about is in the morning
Okay, you know you must love where do you live? Uh, Hollywood and Hollywood care chills. Okay. Thanks Neil. See you
What do you like that? He'd be living in the Hollywood. He's listening to a 50 the like a bomb in brown. Oh, I know that they got a big signal
And norm is on that station to between four and six in the afternoon. No, I can't be sure. I miss that. That's the new improved light bulb. Hey, Norma
You fairy. What is it? Isn't that the new improved light bulb? No, it's the new and less uh, improved light bulb
It's craft is what it is carbon but nevertheless he wants to hear the traffic and I understand it
That's a good idea. We don't have we have traffic on our station
But we don't have time for too much of it because we got like 85 I went clearance came in this morning
So we're running 85 minutes of spots in hour. I said somehow that doesn't add up, you know it so even if we have like a zero point
Share have no fear because the bees these are making a lot of money and so am I so what's all the why care right now you guys
How many Q a.m. Hello? Hey Neil how you doing pretty good happy to hear you at least for today happy Thursday man
All right, I just wanted to say that I find your topic a conversation more relevant than the swill George talks about so
Do you have to hear you like what what does he talk about just boring outdated stuff
Well he's one of those guys, you know, okay, thank you. Okay, and by the way you fairy here. I like you George
Yeah, I heard that I'm on two days and Thursdays for the balance of the summertime
Okay, except for the first week in August and minus a few days when I don't feel like showing up and next Thursday
Of course a week from today we got that Marlon game. I want to climb. Oh god. I'm squeezing my knee pads
From the marlins we love the marlins especially during the daytime
Yeah, I got one clock games for 12 30 next through the I get to bail out
Although I'm not gonna go lose any money next through that's you know, you start doing that too often. It's called press your luck
Remember that's how press your luck. No, yes, you do wear of it. You don't watch the game show channel. I never watched it
You communist watch much better. No one they kick grass out of Cuba Christ cube
Wait to do this. This is right up your alley. Oh, that's right. I think we've got to do the break
Don't want to get behind because the audio fault my crash
When it comes to sport
And that's unfortunate
Forks greater radio is what they choose for you
Give me all sports radio
Where they all go man all day
Give me all the kind of man I like the whole
The whole sports radio for the man
Man you fairy it's 11-1 at 5.60 WQ. I am happy Thursday to you
Here's the story that I thought you might be mindfully interested in all right. I'm threat of war
I'm struck to the city council passed a law yesterday in Chicago
Vanning the share of marijuana flavored lollipops gum drops and other treats becoming the first major city for
Ohhibit the confections that have appeared in convenience stores nationwide
There will be there when you want to be able to look face anymore, right? The early marijuana flavored
We can I continue. Okay. I'll explain all right the candies are legal because they're made with hemp oil and
Ingredient used in health foods in some household products the oil imparts marijuana's grassy taste but not the high
Ah well, I can't imagine that agree in the extent to which people will go to make a book and to make a book on kids
Trying to get them to experiment with something that's going to be a lead into the use of marriage a wini said alderman Edward Burke who sponsored the measure
Oh my god and
Typically what's happening in the US today a Chicago is not the only city weighing the issue a New York City Council woman
Plants stole hearings on the candies this summer and then in Atlanta
So we're past a resolution opposing them which caused merchants there to remove the treats from their shelves
Probably in Georgia. They'll only let the dark kids buy them in Chicago
Sturselling the candy will face finds up to $500 in possible suspension or revocation of their business licenses
The candies are sold under such names as purple haze and rasta yellow
Purple haze and rasta
It doesn't just start with right well. I don't want to play
This is an adult product. I don't intend to know why kids eat it said too many banned tell president of the one of one manufacturer chronic candy
Well, we ought to get some of that for our audience for some of our cars. Let's give you some chronic candy
There are 78 million pot smokers out there in the West. That's what I'm going after he says that tell said he's
Considering legal action because a product with legal ingredients is being declared off limits in Chicago
He says I think this is crazy. There's nothing illegal about it freedom of choice is being attacked
It's got hemp oil in it is hemp oil illegal. No. Is it harmful? No. Is it banned substance? Oh, but nevertheless
Let's just make stuff up as we go along
Oh, you can't have that the American freaking away. It's the American sensor and way man
That's why we can't put the beaded curtain pictures on there anymore because as of June 23rd
You know even one of my lawyers down there one of my tax to people I was talking to a few days ago
He says what happened to the beaded curtain?
Yeah, he's a pervert and I had explained him that the new law and will fight June 23rd that we have to have on right
the shoe size and the
Couple samples of pubic hair all these other things that we just can't do it. Well, I got those well whatever
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines as we try to put the pieces together as
Greg read in the beastlies continues smashing. We're like one big gigantic egg
We're like Humpty Dumpty and they keep picking us up in smashing us and smashing and we keep trying to put the pieces back together again
I'm not so sure that's going to happen this time
And I think that this sports talk I've been predicting it for a long time this whole thing about talking about the same guys with
John Express over and I'll acknowledge him. You know, that's fine part of the day. Okay part of the day
But not like 24 7 out the same old
Bapapapapapapa and now that we got the other joint over there
You've got the same guests on saying the same crap the same boring interviews, you know
God, I think what we need to do is is get a bus and put Mike Buradino and Ira Windbag and a couple of other people on it
Bus and like ship them out to
I don't know they Bahamas on a bus follow my drift you drift it again tube
W2 way and hello
Speaking
Where was yeah, where'd you go? What do you mean we're gonna get in Rochester? Yeah, Don and Bob's
I went to school right next to her man. They were gonna me. Vick and Urz was fine and Nick Thomas is good
But Don and Bob's that was the catch me on
By the degrees no no one by sea breeze the one I'm under. We haven't oh yeah, my high school played high
You went to bright and high yeah, I went to bright and elementary man right next door all right
The brothers there you go
I'll see you in the 12 corners, paly. All right. I'll see it Earl's drugs. We'll get some good drugs at Earl's
See Rochester, that's a good place to reminisce about you don't want to go back there because whoo whoo
No way but it's a good place to reminisce and they got the fairy going out you fair between Toronto Rochester
Anybody want to go to Rochester? No, so there's people coming over here from there
But the only problem is they don't want to go back. I mean, you know
It's nice to reminisce about where you grew up and all of this stuff and it used to be wanted and then you go back like holy cow
Give me out of here rat man. It's bad and it is bad
Hold on bad hoods, you know coming to Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M. Hello. Yes, sir. You're used to be great station. How you doing?
Pretty good
I can barely get you can you turn it up?
Okay, how's this?
Okay, I want to be on you. Oh no chance a 13 dropouts on it. I know I see I don't want to get look
I don't care anymore. I mean through the summer I got to adopt this
So I'm not going to get aggravated about this crap
Don't I'm losing a little weight. I got my blood sugar down. I got my body chemistry going real well
Without those damn statin drugs that my doctor's trying to pull out push off on me
I'm not taking them doc. Sorry sorry
And when he comes up at a line like well, I don't know any other way to get that the cluster all down
Well, that's what I do so you don't I am the patient and you're supposed to be the doctor
You don't because you just another show of really pharmaceutical companies for the detail man and don't confuse him with the details
You know and the fact that he's prescribing stuff to me that's got like country indicated with my blood pressure medicine
Oh, well, I'd say you know one of those things that overlooked nice guy
I'm a you know nice to have somebody that you can go and get the blood test and listen to your heart and do the EKG
And I say now the other way other than that doc is let me alone
You know what I'm saying what he said don't get murdered by doctors especially in Florida baby
I'm gonna tell you find a real doctor in Florida is like looking for a needle in the on Uranus
What radio do you listen to between seven and ten in the morning most often Hank Goldberg 89?
He's doing pretty good in our boys got 24% of this audience yes
He does of course the only problem is this audience they want to use to be see that means three four to the audience to listen to something else
Well no radio 62 air America 47 other FM 39
NPR 36
Waxie the ticket 27 compare those again. That's Hank against your rose at a Humper 89 the ticket
27 okay Paul and Ron 24 I know as they took a little dive here again two after that funny trend
They had like let's see they got no competition for what they're doing. Yeah, there's no more stern. There's no more
What is it vaccine things in the end of the jinx? No nothing other?
Stop and think about this it'll make your head hurt
I'll read that think about in the last two or three years alone the gyrations on AM and FM in South Florida
between Zeta and
Stern going off a here and going on here and
and
Oh, it's just it's just man like I said makes your head swim
But nevertheless like I said, I know nothing other AM 15 something stations be the one to know about W.I.O.D.
8 satellite radio 7
Lyle 104 what how 105 three mr. Ego still got the same three him a little Brian and
Nick Nick Lawrence magic Scott three so Rick
Shravoated and Rick Sanchez love 94 to WDR got one kiss one WCM Q finally got one. That is really
It's almost unbeatable
Oh, let's say power 96 one. Oh, it must like the dirty music. We're playing over there
No votes for the coast W HDR life wacky at audio mom B or W M G E without a 380 so far
So I think it's good that I suggest that we extend this the whole day and George is sure no problem
I can see your pull for tomorrow. That's right. You want my pull for tomorrow?
I mean, I want to yeah, that's good good for the weekend
Yeah, and you and you want me to fax you the story? I'll fax it to you during a break
Okay, that they originally came from remember I mentioned it the other day. Yes, you did from AOL
I'll stick that I'll stick it
I'm on the facts me okay, all right. No, I think it's pretty good with the yeah with the weekend coming up and of course coming up with a pull question
That's that's 90% of that will write part of what you do that you got it lick like them funny faces
56705 60 pound 560 leaf horizon. Don't do not tell the audience for a movie. I admitted to watching last night
I already talked about it on the air already talked about what is it called the Ludge boy the much boy
I don't care what anybody says that amul herh
Although he's losing it very rapidly. He's in war in the world now. You saw him in that movie both of you's
Josh hasn't seen it yet. Oh Josh hasn't seen you what you saw him yeah, he was adequate. Yeah, has an actor I'm talking
Well in this movie he was more than adequate for me. Of course
Well, whatever I don't want to get into it too deeply although
You'll I think you'll still pass your your test your list. Yes
He was also in danger which lies with all her boys which sounds like a movie that I better go out and get today
I'm gonna go out and get that all right in the movie too. Have you seen that? Have you heard anything about that?
Is it good dangerous lives of all her boys? I heard about it. Yeah, and I forgot what I heard
I heard
I heard that was the best line in the movie. I heard it was not about baggery or anything like that. Oh thank god for that
Teen shenanigans and real horses already been enough of that in that much more movie. It has had a very tender and
When you're a tender end with it where you tell you the end was no I was not touched he was though
By his bloody he was touched to go with the moon don't you know maybe they're drinking some moonshine
I don't get confused it was good if you're if you're a henaroor like
Offended by that you're just like you know
While he saw the kid wearing his mother's dead mother's wedding gown and he thought well something bad is gonna come out of there
Something bad is gonna enter that and it did didn't like which direction that we know which direction it was going in
Proveness after 11 at 560 wqa and I'll tell you email her she he could come over and we could have a little cup of tea
Make a couple of broad worse than my flavorway got any chickens now. Oh, that's right. He kept putting the chickens mouth in his head
And he had his mouth. Yeah, and I don't want to ruin the movie for it because then you're gonna watch it anyway
But turn the end of the movie bites the chicken's head off
Oh my god. I guess that was kind of a threat all in punks, you know
Neil God today. I'm working on an initiative to prevent young boys and girls from participation in life
Almost everywhere I go
People who work with children
Tell me they've identified three crucial things that all children need
They need gangs
Crime and drugs and for the first time ever in the United States
We must ensure that school is a luxury unavailable to many children
President Bush and I want the world of hate and hopelessness
For our own daughters and for all the world's children
Thank you for inviting me here today
And
It's 1117 at 560 WDQ. I am happy Thursday to you. This is a story. Thanks to your good close personal friend Lynn Samuels
She found it the girl. I was scouring this story
So I put it on the website. I sent it to a Josh and I also um
Gonna do it here now. No because I saw that NBC news one. I think I have a habit of doing these stories that are very
critical and very
Revealing about what a bunch of boneheads are running this country and then you look on their website and not there
Nada as in not a thing it a mistaken CIA analysis of an Arabic language TV broadcast triggered a major terror alert in the US in
2003 and the cancellation of nearly 30 international flights
NBC news says the color coded terror alert system went from yellow to orange after CIA agents thought they saw secret numbers
Encoded in the moving text at the bottom of the screen of an LG zero broadcast NBC said late Monday
And it's only third day so why the big rush the scroll was thought to contain attack dates flight numbers and geographic coordinates
For targets which included the White House
Seattle's tallest structure this space needle and even the small town of tapahonic in Virginia
How do you like that? Okay for weeks after Christmas?
2003 a high level terror alert was maintained leading to the cancellation of almost 30
International flights by air france british airways continental in aerole, Mexico the new service said in the end
Just like in that movie we were talking about in the end the treasure of secret information to CIA
Analyst thought they had uncovered turned out to be completely wrong. Oh my god. You like that completely wrong
However, nothing was revealed to the public about the mistake until NBC news was told by unidentified
senior uis officials who for the sake of their health wanted to reign anonymous
Tom rage who was secretary of homeland security of family snafu in an interview with NBC
Defend the CIA analysis at the time. Although he didn't call it bizarre
Unique unorthodox unprecedented. Well, whatever that means. Okay. Maybe that's very much the reason you'd be worried about it
Because you hadn't seen it before said Ridge who during the 2000 terror alert said it was based on credible sources my ass
That's what it was based on my ass really that's pretty good. I'm the source of the consultant by NBC defended the technique
Then used the stegonography
Messages hidden inside a video image thing was a valid subject for CIA amalization
Uh, however, Ridge said speaking for myself. I've got to admit to wondering whether or not it was credible
Uh as in
That's his answer. Good luck like that because he also wants to stay alive
He don't want to be on one of those ships out there in the Indian Ocean like sailing around and around and like pericomal
Get around around like that
Well, I feel like almost good enough to go to five today, you know, let's stay until midnight. All right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless law
What we're discovering today is that sports talk radio is on the way out. It's dead
We're sick and tired of Carlos Delgado and his uh, bunch of crap, you know
We don't want to hear your Carlos go hit some home runs get away from us
They kicked you out of this down and now you're infesting our radio station and feeding it right in the middle of Georgia's high-priced show
You always only talking about old outdated stuff anyway. Oh that's right. Well, I'm civil. Wtf Q. I. Am hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir
Yeah, this is this is what's gonna happen with radio
The satellite radio is gonna come up with uh, you're besides the pay one. Yeah, we're gonna come up with one that's just commercial free
Okay, I mean with come on. I'm sorry with commercials. So then you have your choice 150 stations with commercials for free
More 10 stations with commercials for free. It's gonna put on the radio out of business
Yeah, cuz we just got the uh the they can do this with the space they don't have enough bandwidth before
But now they just came up with new technology um, I think just to prove it in Canada they just approved
satellite radio in Canada. Yeah, we got to come up with I think 10 Canadian uh, yeah, there's about a hundred
The stations have to be uh, yeah, they got to play a lot of anemory records in does yeah, yeah, yeah
But I think it's just gonna go with the ones with the commercials like like for crowd people everybody who will take it if it's for if it's free
You know, I think the one you're free will take it no matter how sloppy. Yeah, but I think um, don't the people that were supposed to survive or when people that could be
Syndicate all over the country like you
Eddie Kaye. Yeah, you guys are okay. I think Curtis is gone though. Okay. See you pali
I always need to listen to them. Well, here's the fact this is hello Neil now. Let's see which chronic is this from I'm looking at the hitter
Before 10 a.m. And after five p.m. I listened to the unforgettable wjan 640 a.m
It's a four-letter-dale station has become popular in Dave County by stealth wjan. Do we want to put that on here? No, I haven't I never heard that it is
Send it's become popular by stealth. Here's the trend. Let me let me just take a look here persons
I'm the age of about 4,000 is it in the top 36?
So wjan. No, does it make the list? No, sit on here anywhere. Does it exist now? So I'm glad you're enjoying it
Betta spread the word because nobody else is better get that word out there before they go off the year
And a thing goes for us too by the way
It kind of sad day in your life turn on five 61 day and have done about the test pattern, you know, but your old gingos
I know ladies and gentlemen the state hunter show
KLW
567 05 60 pound five but she died. That's good thing too because she in order. I mean she was okay
It wasn't personal with business gale gale grindette. Mm-hmm. We'll sing in the sunshine my ass
Here's line nine w.k.y.m. Hello. I
You know, I just I listen to you every day. I'm a male man from Boquery tone. All right
I guess I like to bid as you fairy this alpachino
You fairy. Yeah, movie is that from Glenn Gary Glenn Ross
Glenn Murray Glenn Ross
Glenn Hill you haven't seen that movie which Glenn Murray
couldn't worry no Marie Levine. Yeah, Jan Marie Jan Marie Jan Levine. Oh, okay. Okay. Thank you
My male 567 05 60 honey right there. It's from Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Okay because
Bobby's for closes all right. Oh geez. Where does your land is right you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for?
Is to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living your company man
You fairy which is a lot of the better lines in a movie the best line is though when he says
Don't don't don't my favorite I sure love the way he doys. Hey, he never said that
24 past now did you get the I just faceted that story I got it the pool got it locked and loaded
said in uh forget
Here's a very important story from the Harold as the sidekick on a popular Miami Spanish language cable show
Javier Seriani has her in pain for his raunchy sexual humor. You heard of Javier? No, no
The only Javier I know is that one still from a godfather's down around the sunset or down on uh, yeah sunset
Hey Javier well he'd be old now too old for me but former television dancer Yan Ellis
Pantoha Crabelo
Yan Ellis Pantoha Crabelo Pantohas Crabelo says he's gone too far
She is suing Seriani and grounds he slanted the reputation
Seriani joked on his show La Cosa Nostra that Pantoha Pantohas Crabelo got drunk and had sex with multiple marlins
Baseball players in a hotel room
But that's really tasteful see this is the kind of stuff that goes on in the North speaking english
universe and radio and TV down there
We're held the one standard and then if you don't speak english itself for nothing do whatever you want
She's been subjected to hatred ridicule and contempt to the lawsuit file last week in Miami-Dade circuit court
You go uh Pantoha Crabelo talk us uh whatever your name is you go honey. What is your name Yan Ellis?
I'm Medica TV WJA and wait what was what was the call letters on that station at the
WJA? WJA?
WJA and let's see what this is
Yeah
WJA and 640 am says this uh
Faxor here and then I look on here and I find out that
Didn't I mention you before the show day that on cable down there?
I found there was like 75 new u.h.f.a channel and none of them speak of English right
That's because that greatest simulation practice is going on
Anyway, I'm Medica TV which broadcasted shows already aired in apology
It seems like she didn't take an apology was enough said i Medica TV boss Omar or Om
We produce seven hours of live TV. It's hard to control everything a person says the late night variety shows
Prove popular for the scampy highly gardens cable tv station
Which is carved a local niche for itself against giants telemonda and uvision
Like many Spanish language broadcasts like kosenostra relies on a state host of scantily clad women and low brow humor
Oh, yeah
What's that to like now unusual is that at the time he made the comments about Pantoha Crabelo
She was a dancer for another program. It'll show they Fernando Hidalgo
Hi, I'm was people my father was show marks seven. I beg your pardon. That's one of my favorites
In addition to seriani the lawsuit names
Cher John Broadcaste company which owns the station in Fernando Hidalgo productions
Seriani said he hadn't seen the complaint but the twists keep on coming the long-lark Argentine comic thing is the first and pushing the suit
Is Pantejo Crabelo's boyfriend a disgruntled former engineer at the station who later came into the studio and punched
Seriani in the face causing him to miss an episode. Oh, I like that
Let's start doing that. Okay. Hope they got that on camera. Yeah
In fact, I think Josh Cordis tomorrow right before your show is gonna punch clearance out and we'll do it
And we'll make sure that the mic's to open get about a 40 share on that
I know I'll bring it up, huh? We'll have the beaded curtain for that kind of stuff. Yeah, sexist that the violence is still okay
Maybe even a Humper because they're screwing a show off in deep 16 and so bad the Humper a little lower the hell lower the hammer
On clearance
No
Oh
I'm going to throw the door to door to door.
Take the famous thing!
When I used my phone to hide
I was like with my phone
Ah, that's why!
Take this out of the open
Please take me out of the door
It's not a door is a round
It's a door to the door to the door to the door
Take this double thing
It's not a door to the door to the door
Take me out of the door to the door to the door to the door
It's a door to the door to the door
You
Wait, wait!
Wait, wait a minute
This door is open
I'm going to get the toilet right here!
Ah!
Two tickets to go eat.
Twenty-six, so no one in the Doi Man will be along it too.
A couple of thanks is here's one from Bob in the oral springs who says,
I'm warning radio listening is confined from 6.30 a.m. to 90 a.m. to WRMF to 97.
How come we didn't put WRMF on there in the order of Georgia or my radio station five sixty for the rest of the day?
Oh, we love your Bob!
I find it difficult to listen to Hank in the early hours.
I really enjoyed him in the afternoon and found his mannerisms quite entertaining in my commute home.
However, his angry and hostile manner is too much early in the morning.
Hey! Stop it!
Who wants to get pulled out of bed by him yelling jackass or being low back to sleep by the ever vibrant Mike Burrino?
Oh no!
Funny.
They won't listen to me. I'm telling you it's not personal. I don't know Mike Burrino.
I don't know I were a windbag, but you know something all I can say is terminal.
Coma inducing. Get them off our radio station now!
Clarence, you idiot, you...
You're frisling!
Also Bob says as a kid in New York City I was a big fan of seventy seven WABC by an occasion with pickup the big eight.
I know!
Ladies and gentlemen, the Frank Brody Show!
CKLW!
The moon is blue.
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
The light is on!
And on the occasion I pick up the big eight and enjoy listening to Big Bob Evans on CKLW!
Oh God!
It's a...
CKLW!
Make your breath again!
Oh.
What we got now is garbage man, it's...
...wh-it's...
...speutem.
It's like taking your radio and dropping it into a big septic tank.
Oh, you can smell it. Can you smell it? It smells like...
Oh, Jesus. Maybe fat boy. How did you know?
David and Naples says,
I enjoyed your comments about how great an exciting radio was in the old days.
I still want to hear that new sounder from CKLW.
Ah, it'll probably be about to hold out data stuff, are you?
I get a push on it, back to my neck, my hair cools.
What, I'm going to...
And then of course, come to me.
Oh.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
Uh, David says, I enjoyed your comments about how great an exciting radio was in the old days.
When I was 16, way back in 1967, let's say, 33 is a 538,
M.H. David 54, not even anywhere nearly as old a fart as I am.
See, it's been really bad now that I'm older than almost the whole audience.
Although in South Florida, I said that, and the only reason for that being,
I mean, if I was in South Florida, I'd still be like a teenager, 62, but...
The old fart's hit me like poison still. I just hold a grudge.
Anyway, when he was 16 in 1967, I had a hand buddy, and I went to the local,
one kilowatt daytime bird, Brockton Mass.
Well, wait a minute, if he was six, that's right.
Maybe we could see the transmitter. Brockton Mass.
Somehow, we ended up in the control room chatting with the jaco who was on the air.
He worked while we talked, and as it was just several minutes before the top of the hour,
he pulled out an instrumental 45 and read the time of its length.
He added five seconds and started ruling precisely that long before the top of the hour,
with the lockdown.
Huh.
It's called back timing, David.
Yes, it is.
We did it all that's called cheating, and we did it all the time.
No, it's not cheating. It's back timing.
It's part of the business.
When a present vocal on the other turntable, and he did a cross fade
with a mixer into the instrumental, and precisely five seconds at the top of the hour,
the song ended, he opened a mic, and I did the station, said,
the news is next, and then we hear...
You already commented on that work, so you said,
next, and the network went vain, and the voice did.
This is CDFU.
Yeah, how's that?
Zidia, free dance, flared by her.
Oh, that's not that sound for him.
I want to see you guys playing with a real song.
That's not cheating, but when you put an instrumental down,
and just leave it there rolling for when you need it.
He says, I peed down my leg.
I was so impressed.
I've never stopped doing that, David, especially in Naples.
They'll be talking about, so the business will come and get your ass.
I fell in love with Radio.
I got my first class radio telephone license today,
24-year radio career, and it was my only three radio stations out west.
How do you like that?
I always say that, thanks.
Unfortunately, in the years 85293, the FCC's screw radio up,
so bad I was embarrassed to be part of it, so I sold my interest and moved to Florida.
I understand my beloved stations now stand empty,
except for a few computers, and satellite dishes out back.
The AM has been on the air since 1922 at a rich history of personalities,
and was a piece of the fabric of our community until a handful of holes brought out hole-assets.
You can say a hole-ass, that's right, that's both the half.
Until a handful of hole-assets brought down everyone in town and automated them all.
Thanks for your public and deregulation of the industry, radio, and not pretty much sucks.
Nice going, David. You got out of it just in time, as what's your name would say?
Just in time. Who said that? Tony Bennett would say.
Oh.
When he said that?
Just in time.
I want to those boring AM states, whether, whether playing music for people over the age of 100,
like WGNA, is that the one?
GNOGNA, I get those all confused.
Mixed up.
Because it's just a cappany of swill.
Let's see.
We can all still vote on the SunCentral Sports Radio polls.
Oh, how do we do that?
Go to SunCentral.com slash sports vote early and often.
Well, let's give that a shot, okay?
Let's do it.
That's a SunCentral, that's SundayCentral.com slash sports.
I'd love to.
Just going to say it.
Okay. All right, that's sports.
Okay, I'm doing it.
How can we still vote on that?
Is it one of those?
They leave their polls up for like two weeks.
Rangers, can you ride your shows cameraman?
Uh-oh.
That's what I see.
Oh, there it is.
You see it?
About halfway down the page on the right-hand side.
The most favorite local?
What?
I say it.
Oh, in fact, right above it.
We still have a sports radio stage, you prefer.
Well, I prefer to 560WM over and over and over again.
Let's goose those numbers up there, baby.
Let's jam it.
Let's creep it.
Cheapers, creepers.
Let's get out the creepers, don't you say?
Absolutely.
Look at the results.
I can't because I'm on the store, which is not compatible for some reason with SunCentral.
That'll teach me to be on it.
That's right.
You can open two windows, SunCentral.
It just relax.
We just got a 15 dropouts.
It's not even noon yet.
We've had 15 dropouts.
I'm not really pleased with what's happening with engineering.
Of course, the right attitude is don't do more than you have to.
And they're overworked anyway because they've got to maintain their kiss transmitter.
And they've got kiss this and kiss that and kiss Bob or Moose behind.
So we can still vote.
Well, how come we didn't find out about this on Tuesday for Christ's sake?
We could have been pounding on this thing all week long.
Well, it's not too late now, right?
Right.
Thanks to whoever fasts this info in because our intermediate level management, their clearance,
he's too busy going around.
Not like that.
He did that for half an hour in there this morning.
Yeah.
Defending Mike Burrino and Ira Windbag, defending the indefensible as opposed to getting us on a SunCentral poll,
which would have been.
And if I guarantee, he was the one that said to just ignore it.
I guarantee you that.
See, we can ignore them all we want.
They're not going to go away.
They're not doing much anyway, especially that O point.
In the 18 to 34 demographic that they ought to be very proud of,
now that they didn't get any wired diaries this month.
But they're not doing much.
But in the meantime, they're not going to disappear just because it's a fact that we ignore them.
Okay?
The way to go after them is to squash them.
No light, there's no big days.
There's no light.
We should be a fight for the people.
We should be here.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Well, if you want to make the final duet in LA,
you can make the final duet.
This is the way children fight their dreams.
Especially if you know how to dance and sing.
That pre-carvered liar is back on the streets to roll.
In nature, you seem to die of love.
Oh, this thing will go roll low.
The furniture don't seem old, I must move fast.
We need Joe Friday.
Joe Friday die.
Joe Friday die.
Joe Friday die, die, die.
Joe Friday die.
Joe Friday die.
So anyway, this really thrusts my ass.
Well, I know we gave him several thousand vote heads start.
What kind of crap is that because you got some worst there in a building?
Oh, just now how did that come down?
How did you find out about that?
That my second second hand that you know the policy in other words no one came in here and told me not to talk about it
But someone told me that other people were told not to talk about it such as such as what other people such as whom I
Didn't get any more details in that.
Oh, well, everybody else building made that decision and put out that mandate should be
Tardin feathered and run out of town on a rail right now before noon.
Okay, which means good busy.
I have never heard of anything so ridiculous in my life yet.
It's just like polls, okay, like political polls in the way they shape and mold public opinion because people like to jump on a bandwagon.
So if they think that oh well, I carry the head by ten points or Bush was that by ten.
Then psychologically people want to be with a winner, okay?
Right.
And when you have a pool in more of the two major market fish rappers that we got in town like this and it looks like we're getting our ass trumps
Including all of our high-paid personalities and your responses.
Oh, just ignore it.
Just hide out of the covers and crawl into the bed.
It'll go away.
And that bears out what I've said about our quizzling middle-level management people.
You're fair.
Right.
Whoever made that decision, right?
Right.
Tardin feathered their ass right now and then after like this week and the rest of them.
Look at what we got here.
Look at the responses.
There's like over seven.
Because this has been on there for how long?
Like at least a week.
It went on when I was on vacation, right?
Right.
7,642 total responses.
I voted four times already.
And so should everybody in our audience should just be pissed off and indicted about the like 10 weather.
Yeah, you know what this reminds me of?
Yes.
Many years ago when I was working at WNW and I left there and I went to WNZ.
So channel 10, in fact, I think Dwight Lauderdale was the host.
I do believe.
Channel 10 did a show.
They taped a show on talk radio because at that time we had like GBS and WNZ and WNW and WNW and whatever.
WNZ.
Yeah, and WNW and WNW.
Right.
We had two or four stations doing talk in the market.
So talk and IOD.
So they had the different people on from the different stations.
So they had me on from IOD because I just went over there.
They had David Gold from GBS.
Mr. Ego was there from IOD and from WNZ.
I forget which one.
And what they did was whoever produced that show at Channel 10, they left the people from
WNZ though about it.
So Luke Cron and his family and all the WNZ people were in the audience there.
Stack the whole audience.
And then he had them get up and ask questions.
And it was like, what's his name?
Tom Don't like this was in the audience with his black leather jacket on.
Oh my God.
And this is the same kind of thing.
And guess who's article?
Wait, wait till you find out whose article is right next to this pool on the same page.
Well, I can see it.
Yeah.
Let me find where it is.
Down, down toward the bottom.
You see Pat Riley?
Well, he, he, he, Riley, like whatever stuff the draft picks style.
You see that?
Yeah.
Look what's underneath that.
The, uh, baradino.
Yeah.
Mike Baradino.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
That's on our air and our radio station just destroying Hank's audience.
Putting everybody into a deep six coma.
And here's his end.
In the meantime, they, you know, evidently the people at the other joint knew about
and they got older people to vote 400 times a piece.
Well, let's get our people to vote 600 times a piece.
What do you say?
Yeah, we have this.
Yeah.
This isn't just like creeping a channel temple in which the audience had no interest,
no vested interest the other day.
This is like for our survival, man.
Think it's serious.
Fight, fight the good fight.
Don't says roll over and play.
Then of course, parents, he used to roll it over and play in something.
He must have seen that movie too.
Yeah.
He's a munch boy.
But yeah, actually, what I heard is he's more like the fudge boys.
What I heard.
Anyway, which local sports radio station do you prefer?
560 QAM or seven-eyed of the ticket and the result on there so far, which I can't
get to come up again is?
Well, I want to come up again.
It might be behind something.
It opens up another window so it might be.
Oh, there it is.
7,650.
He's a munch boy.
Actually, what I heard is he's more like the fudge boys.
What I heard.
Anyway, which local sports radio station do you prefer?
560 QAM or seven-eyed of the ticket and the result on there so far, which I can't
get to come up again is?
Well, I want to come up again.
It might be behind something.
It opens up another window so it might be.
Oh, there it is.
7,652 responses, 60.7% of the ticket, 46.46 and 3,000 QAM, 39.3%.
I mean, it's like having a horse race and having one horse start at the starting gate
at the top of the backstreet and it has a horse start at the 16th pool, almost at the
finish line.
You follow my drift?
A drifted?
It opens up another window so it might be.
Oh, there it is.
7,652 responses, 60.7% of the ticket, 46.46 and 3,000 QAM, 39.3%.
I mean, it's like having a horse race and having one horse start at the starting gate
at the top of the backstreet and it has a horse start at the 16th pool, almost at the
finish line.
You follow my drift?
A drifted?
Given them a big handy crap, nice going clearance, you're quizzling, you're simple, and you're
coward, you're spying this little quizzling coward, you're sports nerd, you.
God has he frosted my shoes and fourthed July celebrations, he had a term that's located
in a different shape, you don't want to see that kind of hanky, hanky going on, they're
way better.
So you think these people are going to respond now in his foot?
Sundash Sentinel, sundaestentinal.com, slash sports, halfway down the page, and not only
at the station, but then you go to your favorite personality based on the D-part.
All right, voters for hank and mad dog, and this one, I voted for Mo, that's right, I
voted for me too, and everybody on QAM.
That's right.
Let's get with the program.
You're not funny?
I've been kidding that.
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I've been kidding that by aliens.
You've been kidding that by the him?
By aliens.
You've been kidding that by aliens?
Where they done tuck you?
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an American?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
In New Mexico.
Albuquerque.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, in New Mexico.
OK.
I don't believe you.
You don't have to lie to me.
No, I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kicked out by aliens.
I don't believe you, honey.
Thank God, short hair.
Thank God, short hair.
Who does?
The sea aliens have short hair.
Oh, do you say short hair?
You mean like, run and see, crash short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
Never to the big, short hair.
All right, honey, don't yell at me.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-Eleven.
7-Eleven?
Yeah.
Can you give me a Slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think you're not.
I think it's your Slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidding that, honey?
I was by aliens in a blue van.
Aliens drive a blue van.
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
To the Ford?
No.
What kind of van is that?
It's a kind of van.
Did they do anything to you?
Did they probe you?
No.
Folkish?
No.
Pridian?
No.
Like, Slurpee.
No, you idiot!
I'm not coming home.
I'm standing at the 7-Eleven.
You don't want to marry me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not coming home.
I'm done with this.
Bye-bye.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
203, QYM.
So, I'll wait.
I think this is an insurmountable leave that they got.
You know?
No, no.
What do you mean, man, that?
I just have to work on it for days on end to catch up.
I see.
Well, they, like I said, they got a 500-mile start.
And we're like crawling along.
And of course, the interesting part of it is that whenever this thing was first foot on
there, it was during a period of time when there actually were some people still in town,
which there is nobody.
It's like the fourth of July weekend starts tomorrow.
There is nobody around, believe me.
And so, here we are playing with an empty deck.
Nice going, Clarence, man.
You really know how to compete.
Not.
We know how to put your best foot forward out there.
How to stick it right out there.
That's what I hear.
That's what Doug told me.
You're fair.
Here's a fact that says from David, who means well, but David, maybe during one of the
20-some odd dropouts we've had on our streaming today on the Internet.
Yeah.
Maybe that's when I was really thinking about the fact that we've had 20-some odd,
I keep mentioning that.
Or says, Internet is going in and out as it was a few weeks ago.
Love the free Internet, but you can't fix it if you don't know about it.
We know about it, and we still can't fix it.
Says, I listen to Weather Free Webcast, and this stuff never happens.
Only the lovely QAM.
That's right.
That's our specialty is technical screw-ups.
At least I was giving the straight story on that.
Technical screw-ups, that be us.
And it says, tell Greg Reed, we hate him like poison for ruining what was the best lineup ever.
Rose Rogers, Mandage, where he belongs, and Hank, where he belongs.
And I think that this fact sure now is...
Absolutely correct sure.
Last spring, man, we had the World by the Balls.
We had the Universe by the Short Hares.
And look what we got now.
Pop had Janko, look what we got.
Right?
Yep.
Now, here's the facts from when about something that the audience will find very boring.
When also well-intentioned, you might want to look into Polycosenol
for lowering your cholesterol.
It's an actual product.
You can produce results similar to the statin drugs, but not to side effects.
The lowest of information you got from the Internet.
It's a funnabee, but a boop, but a bop, but a bop, but a bop, but a bop.
I'm whatever.
Okay, I'll put it aside here because the audience will go into a coma if I read that.
Thanks, Wayne.
Is that Edwin?
I'm sure it is.
Oh my god, I mean, we got...
They got like a... what do they got?
And even Van La Bastard is beating Mad Dog.
Now let's face it.
Yeah.
Is there anybody in the Universe?
Anybody who would really believe that, huh?
No.
I mean, let's get serious.
So I better vote for Mandage again here.
I'm just voting 10, 15, 20 times every chance I get.
Let's see what we got here.
Which sports radio talk show host you prefer in a 4 to 7 p.m. slot?
Jim Man is 47.9%, Van La Bastard 52.1%.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
I'll make it harder.
Much closer than we were in the first place.
Oh, it's not?
That is.
What are you talking about?
It's closer now than the first place.
You must be doing them candies.
Ain't no buzzin' that much.
Yeah, you must be doing them...
CKW yesterday.
You must be doing a purple haze candy's man.
It's a candy's man.
Anyway, so you tell me it's closer than it was?
Yeah, not much.
Okay, but...
Well, let me write the numbers down.
Okay, so that one.
3,544 for La Bastard, which is just makes me want to pee.
And 3,261 for the outrageous, the one and only mad dog.
Man, let's see, Bastard.
Okay, I wrote that down.
All right.
Out of 6805.
That's just done to one, because you get to vote all these different categories, you know?
And even if you hate more like poison, which a lot of you do, we certainly want to vote for him over the booster.
Okay, but that orange here?
Wow, I feel like exhausted.
It's just the fact that we found the thank youer and leave it to one of our listeners.
Okay, let us know that the thing is still on there.
Because they're probably still pumpin' it on their air, which is why they open up this huge lead.
And our audience is like in the dark.
In the dark, just like our management, just like our sales department engineering department.
In the dark, like in a broom closet.
WDQYM, hello.
This is a WGAY traffic update.
Summarized Boulevard is currently closed.
Dude.
WDQYM, hello.
Prompt for his means rent.
56670560.
Okay, there must be busy voting on the internet, because we don't have any calls.
Yeah, that must be it.
Is that what it is?
They're all voting up and down and going up and over and over and over again.
They're closing their browsers and they're rebooting and they're doing it.
56670560.
Count 566 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
Pull today.
What radio do you listen to most between 7 and 10 a.m.?
Hank Goldberg, 121, none 96.
Air America, 69.
Can we say that?
Other FM52, NPR52, Waxi, the ticket's 40.
Paul and Ron 39, other AM19.
Satellite Radio 15.
WIOD is got 14.
Why 105?
That's shocking to me.
Magic 5, hot 105, 4.
Mr. Ego 4.
So actually maybe a listener voted now.
Love 94, 2.
Kiss 2.
WDEDRs got 1.
CMQ FM is still only 1.
Sola Mente Uno, Power 96, 1.
And 0 for RMS, the coast.
WHDR, life.
The radio mom B and WS, Snegma, MGE, whatever that is.
Do we know what they play?
No.
With each other.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, it's Jason.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
You catch the morning game last night by chance.
I saw the highlights that I asked.
What's that?
I saw the ass end of it.
Yeah, the highlights.
Is it real?
Yeah.
Oh, everybody.
So the brief signing game then.
It was what?
For the exciting.
I got the game and thought we, you know, were down the whole time.
Didn't think we could do it without.
And what a comeback.
I think maybe we've turned around a little bit.
Okay.
They won a game.
At least he's a little enthusiastic about us.
More I can say for most of you people out there.
Nice going Jason.
You goof off.
WQYM, hello.
Neil, I think you're...
Yes, sir.
Chronic.
I know.
One word.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, when you get...
When you're going to bring back the crow.
How do I have a...
Come on.
I think that was the beginning of the M for us.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
You know, like what I'd like to hear.
That's you like there.
He shoots and scores.
Good.
Hold your breath.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Great.
I've booked my pants.
You've booked your pants?
I've booked my pants.
No, you're...
I thought you said you've booked your pants.
You must have turned orange, huh?
560-705-60,
505-60, and you've arrived in Singular Riders line.
This is what I've been waiting for.
That's four.
Four, what?
Four to row.
You counting?
Yeah, just for counting votes on that damn thing there.
You're supposed to be in charge of that now.
I'll click and click.
That's your ass assignment right here.
Let me go on there now.
See, I don't...
Okay.
What is it?
68-21.
Is Mad Dog closing again?
Let me get it open.
52-48.
What was it before?
I mean, this is going to take forever now.
It will.
You can't like...
I mean, this is kind of like what the Democrats do every four years.
You let the other side have about a ten-point lead,
and then all of a sudden, oh, oh gee, maybe we ought to get busy now.
Get busy.
Get busy on this.
Start working on it.
So, what do you got?
Is he closing the gap?
I got 32-77 for the Mad Dog.
Okay, he got 16 more, and...
35-45 for a damn.
He got one.
Okay, so see that?
Mm-hmm.
For Le Bastard, huh?
Anybody with him?
Even admitted listening to Dan Le Bastard probably needs an inner cue.
So, let him go back what they came from.
Keep in mind, this is a man who...
Let me just say this to you.
If any of the white Anglo columnists would have written a column after the Marlins won
their first World Series win, when Leavon did this big thing,
and Dan Le Bastard wrote,
oh, the Marlins didn't win the World Series.
We wanted the Cubans won.
That was the most grotesque thing I have ever read in the newspaper in my life.
Yeah, and I remember screaming about it.
Stop speaking for the rest of it.
And if Greg Cotex, who won the Anglo sports writers,
who would have written an Anglo picture would have won a game,
and would have said, oh, the Marlins didn't win it.
We, the white people, wanted it.
There would have been such an outcry, such a salad people,
would have been like tossing their salad in them having a wrist breakdown.
Oh, my God, what discrimination, the white people, what is that?
Oh, you know, and he writes that the Cubans won the World Series,
not the Marlins because Leavon was there.
Well, guess what?
Leavon, you won't find him no more.
He found a new home.
Oh, brother, this is a guy.
I saw him on ESPN on one day, he made a jackass out of him.
We didn't take a lot.
He belongs on the air like Walter Cronkite belongs cooking a first-door
and a restaurant somewhere in a gourmet restaurant.
In fact, probably Walter would be doing a better job.
Wouldn't you think he'd probably cook it up pretty good?
Cook what?
You're quizzling, you loser man.
Dan La Bastard, my ass, against the Mad Dog,
it should be like about 4,500 to two.
But nevertheless, that's what happens when you got a bunch of weak-need,
jelly-libered, limp-rested goofballs running in the joint.
Especially while I'm away.
I guarantee if I win a bit on that during that week,
we have 80,000 votes on there already, right?
Right.
So you didn't come up at it at all, huh?
Not yesterday, I forgot all about it.
I forget the little thing.
How do I mean yesterday?
I mean, whenever this thing started.
No, I mentioned it, and then I was told that that was the policy.
That was who's policy?
What is it?
What is it?
Since when do we have a policy?
What the hell we say on the air, huh?
I was there.
I got your policy right here, sweetheart.
Welcome.
Angelina, soldier of the same.
She's right, marriage is from Jersey, Central Bend.
Now the slide is coming, mix.
Get the pretty one next day.
And I've been Rachel from France is not a fan.
Angelina, joy is a force.
If the land is very steady for the Lord,
then all you have left is dance,
so long you're that wedding band,
when you give it up for one night, yes, of course.
Because she's the sexiest woman in the world.
In all creation, I love every bond of the brilliant new features.
She's the 10th speaker,
there are lots of other men,
you look for a new feature in the shoes.
You're fair, we caught 19 and 560,
nobody queue up the moment.
Who's that dog?
Who's that dog?
I'm going to tell you one thing we're going to do, one day at a time, okay?
Okay.
Of course, we have no idea how long they're going to leave that up there.
As soon as they find out that we're doing something,
they'll probably take that down, like Channel 10, did a couple days ago.
Yeah.
But nevertheless, I would sue their ass if they did that.
I would personally sue them, because we deserve it,
especially with this very dino column down there,
that's just outrageous, that's an infomnia.
It's just insane.
This outfit sure is how to, see,
since Greg had his falling out with Barry now
that the hero has a disastrous relationship
with the other guys across the street,
since that happened,
we sure as hell don't even know how to use her manipulative media.
Something better come in there and teach him how to use it and manipulate it.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
We need you too.
We're going to get mad dog,
get hit a dandelion bastard by two o'clock,
or I'm not coming back.
How's that?
All right.
I don't need tomorrow, I mean, like the rest of the summer.
I'm taking it out of the system.
I'm going to lay out.
I'll call in sick every a couple of days.
Which sports, I mean, we can only handle why you're the obviously overall thing.
I mean, that's going to take a lot of doing, man, along.
Although we have made some inroads there,
three tenths of a point,
just since I started screaming about it.
You see, if they would have come to you and the other people,
the sports people on the station,
they would have leaned on this,
just the way that they obviously needed over there.
Plus, of course, they probably each voted 200 times on it over the other joint.
So you can keep voting on a poll in a newspaper
and try to make it mean something.
But the fact of the matter is that does make chop lever into sirloin steak.
Okay?
Whatever that means.
Look how much close to the man.
51.9 to 48.1%.
He's only trailing this goofball by what we got.
Three, 258 votes, right?
Right.
It was a lot more than that.
It was almost 300.
So let's just work on that one.
And for because that's embarrassing.
I mean, they're so humiliant.
And the other ones are too.
But that one especially just frosted my fat old ass.
The idea that people are going to look at the newspaper and say,
oh, look at this, that Daniel of Astrid is a lot more popular than that Jim,
whatever his name is.
Right.
Oh, good gravy man.
Anyway, good column by your buddy, Doug Thompson, the rant.
Okay.
Might hope you don't like him and you hate his website.
The Capitol Hill.
Oh, yeah, like poorly.
But it was, well, maybe I'll read his every time I'm on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Although next Thursday, maybe a little shortened, I won't have time to read too much reading, too many bedtime stories.
Got that Marlon's game next Thursday.
What a bummer right in the middle of the summer.
It's all God's fault, Doug Thompson writes in his rant on Capitol Hill, blue.
He says, with all the finger pointing over just to may or may not be responsible for the ills that threaten our way of life these days,
the real culprit is too often overlooked.
God.
That's right.
God.
Just about anytime somebody in a position of power does something incredibly stupid, unbelievably arrogant or outrageously illegally,
they usually claim was God's will.
The almighty must feel persecuted as hell.
Let's remember that Osama and his goons said they were serving Allah when they commandeered those jets on 9-11 and sent them crashing in the World Trade Center's center towers in the Pentagon.
George W. Bush, where is he hears God talking to him in his head, which violates the accepted theory that sound cannot carry in a vacuum.
But W. says God told him was all right to send American military might to Iraq and kill everybody with a towel on their head,
not to mention journalist, Italians, and anybody else who might wander into the line of fire.
And the 1700 plus Americans who died over there did so he says, at God's bidding.
But let's be fair, Bush is not the first misguided leader who implicated deity in his or her failures.
Desperate dictators and madmen throughout history have claimed intimate relations with religious icons to justify their actions.
These days, however, God gets to wrap for a lot of things.
For example, the right wing nuts who control the Republican Party and unfortunately our government always swear that they're on a mission from God to justify any and all the excesses they try to inflict on the American people.
It could be an outright fan an abortion, the placement of a concrete edifice in the courthouse lobby or the shameless political manipulation of a family's private tragedy over a feeding tube.
They are we are told always serving God's agenda.
Problem is given all the different political agendas of these agents from God, even he or she would have trouble keeping up with the conflicts.
The right to life is among the major abusers of God and religion, claim life is sacred to them, but the extreme elements of their movement applaud the efforts of those who bomb abortion clinics to often killing innocent victims,
or seeing the praises of those who killed doctors who performed abortions.
As I recall that commandment that said we shall not kill did not have an amendment that said it was right to kill those who disagree with us.
Like all fanatics, Bible Fembers never let hypocrisy stand in the way of their agenda.
They use God in the teachings of their religion to justify any action that fits their work view of the world, then disregard the teachings of that same religion when it doesn't fit.
In politics, if it doesn't fit, you must omit.
Or let's remember that misguided religious fanatics come in all shaped sizes, colors and beliefs.
Osama bin Laden is a religious fanatic who misconstrues the teachings of his religion to justify the murder of his enemies, and so is George W. Bush.
He writes it so good man, he writes it better than I can read it.
Oh God, I'm just I'm like, worn out, I didn't realize this is going to be such an exercise today.
Do we always going to give myself a major assignment?
You think we can do it? You think we can push Mad Dog over the top?
Oh right, yes do it.
Maybe that's one category.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Just one we start, one of the, of course, once you get on tomorrow, you're internet savvy crowd in between them looking at all them, a porno sites.
They can hop on it.
You all say there's naked pictures on here.
There you go, naked pictures on Sunday, no little essential sports or kind of whatever it is.
Just pathetic clearance man.
I tell you, if we leave the keys to the kingdom in his hands, we're all going to be like out on the street.
56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Rottles lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, how are you?
Okay, good.
Just a long time with you guys, a couple of quick suggestions and observations.
Please.
I listen to you as an anchor to that station.
I hope that people at that station understand the value that you bring to it.
And I'm not just sucking up the, although it could be perceived like that.
But either way, that's fine.
Hank is an afternoon specialty.
I agree.
His, his arrestability is a little hard on the morning stomach.
Right.
And I don't know if you put this on your poll, but I listen to internet stuff in the morning.
I know you listen to local radio.
Right.
So that may be a small possibility.
The other problem you have, and I hate to say this, is that there may be some kernel intrudes,
the fact that, you know, love it hard, as you always say, is a personality driven radio guy.
And he may be a breakthrough talent.
Now, I don't like him, and I know you don't.
Well, the wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I don't like him.
Okay.
I want to say that.
But, but he is a national columnist with a national ploy poll in the S.P.N.
However, he got it.
It doesn't matter.
He has it.
And he, he trends younger.
He's Hipper.
He's considered more, I don't know, in tune with the 25-25-25.
He flammered.
Wait a minute.
He's Hipper than Jim Mandage.
Yeah.
If you listen to what we show, and I've had a radio accident, to it, he doesn't miss his sports.
He's got the president of Marlon's on there doing movie reviews, and he's talking about, you know, who he saw in South Beach.
And, you know, I'm just saying, from 18 to 49 demos, they're sweeping away from you guys.
And I'm not meaning you, because you're, you, you cut a call, all types.
But, well, right, exactly.
And my point is, I think that there's something that, in fact, that the demo shift might be perceiving, might be changing.
There might be something to this.
And he could be, you know, what you have always said only works on sports radio, and that is personality driven.
Yeah.
Now, maybe I'm wrong.
I don't know.
I can't stand the guy.
I think he's self-serving, and I think he's poppies and an Eric is not here.
He's not here.
I think he belongs under here.
I think he did the dogs belong on here.
But, I understand that.
But, he has a national platform.
He is a, he's on the sports reporters every so often.
He writes for ESPN, the magazine.
He may be a person.
He may know nothing about sports.
But, he has a national following.
Believe it or not.
Yeah.
And that may account for that.
And, post-effect, that he seems to be younger, maybe a little hyper.
Who knows?
I mean, that many times can you hear Mad Dog continues to talk about.
Well, there you go.
But, that's above all we want to ask, I know you know, sports, and this falls right into it.
The Cleveland Cavaliers hired a new general manager for the basketball team.
Yeah.
Born and Duke, great Danny Ferry.
I'm not making this up.
You're fair.
Okay, thanks a lot, Paulie.
Later.
I know Danny Ferry.
Now, what's the guy that played in Italy who was in the NBA now?
The real Ferry.
You're fair.
Came out of the closet, the NBA player.
Come on, Josh.
I have no idea.
Yes, you do.
He came out of the closet.
Like what?
He's not playing anymore, is he?
Sure he is.
Oh, he is.
I mean, maybe he didn't come out of the closet over here.
Okay, maybe I'm getting confused.
Why are you dragging me down that path?
Okay, how are we doing here?
I mean, this guy was a good car, but I think he's really reaching.
You know, I think he's trying to aim a little bit too deeply.
A little bit.
I mean, Daniel Abaster, so he's on ESPN.
Hank is on ESPN.
Hank's on ABC.
Okay, he's got an national platform, and he's doing, you know, he's wearing that tutu.
When it comes to intro to this, we've got to see Vegas.
First and LA.
We're going to watch our guys do first, which video fights to see.
She way am.
You see a grown up car on the side of the road.
You know your teeth in the heart of fire.
I'm right.
I'm a kid.
We're heading down that danger.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
I'm on ESPN.
26-25-60-WQA.
I mean, the idea that this bunch of the wannabes, they got Joe Rose on here, and that's it.
And Vogue is much of a impersonal in his greatest job as he does on baseball.
He's a talk show host like Ama Brainser, okay?
He's a rock and roll talk show host.
But at any rate, that's what they got.
And here it comes.
It's a psychological thing about it.
And see this last guy was a good car, but he's also trying to talk himself into it.
Yeah, I think it was called from over there.
I can't idea here.
What are you talking about?
He's trying.
I mean, he just got to your saying.
He hates you guy like poison himself.
Sure.
And of course, to know him is the harem.
To hear him is the harem.
The CMY-E-S-B-N is the wannabes, to puke your guts out.
It's like saying, how about Jim Rome?
National figure.
Certainly, more better known than Daniel Abastu, who is like little segments where they just make a mockery him in his guava baras.
Jim Rome.
Rome.
Did Rome have a big number in there?
No.
Was Rome more popular than Mad Dog?
No.
No.
No.
Anyway, look at the way we've narrowed this down now.
48.6% for the Mad Dog and 51.4%.
So that's a pretty good switch and just what?
Less than an hour?
Right.
However, long as it's been since we got that first facts which we think can profusely.
Here's one from Brian and Pompato Beach.
Please repeat where the pull from Mad Dog is so I can vote.
I must have been away from my desk when you mentioned.
Okay, Brian, here's what you do.
You go to sunsendle.com slash sports.
That's sun-sendle.com slash sports.
And about halfway down on the right hand column, there is that pull that's still there.
Which sports radio station do you prefer the best, QA or whatever, the ticket?
And then it's got day parts.
Mornings with Hank and Joe Rose, Mad Dog and Daniel Abastard, a Moe and Booster, etc.
Any vote? Any vote? Any vote? Any vote? Any vote?
Because obviously they did.
Isn't that what we were hearing that they were like, they just just hiling on to it.
Squeezing it.
That's what we heard.
That's what we heard.
And you can be sure.
Because when somebody tells me that Daniel Abastard is hipper than the Mad Dog, I have to say to myself,
Oh God, you're just really reaching an instruction at now.
Somebody QA in? Hello?
Uh, Joe Rose?
QA in?
Yes sir.
Hey guys, a clown.
They can damn levetards. We're hipper than the Mad Dog.
Yeah, we're hipper.
Um, he's an idiot that levetard.
You can't even listen to him, especially with a Stikek Stugot.
Stugot's on that show?
Yeah, he does.
I read my case.
Yeah, and then they had David Simpson on there the other day, given his top 10 movies.
You should have heard that.
Oh, I'm thinking of that.
Say it, man.
Okay, pal, what do you say?
We did it.
Oh, that's what we did.
We did it.
Yeah.
Stugot's, oh brother, another guy belongs on the ear like my grandfather.
Oh, that's a good guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Like I said, it's 93-1.
We all know that.
We all know that.
Life, Radio Mombi, and WMGE, Smegro Radio, none.
In fact, a lot of people like to wash that right off their die.
When it comes to a container, it makes real Roger.
It makes real Roger.
It makes real Roger.
It makes real Roger.
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's video fights?
Who's idol subaul candy?
Who's online subaul candy?
Who's online subaul, noises subaul candy?
Who's ever introduction?
Who't ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who's ever introduction?
Who sort of you who's ever came out with you swoop Ink Lksan!?
Yes!
And then all the boys are...
And the boys are the...
Yes!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah, I heard it everywhere, I guess.
We did it!
I heard it everywhere!
I heard it everywhere!
I heard it everywhere!
1246-560-WDQM-HAPPY-30-T.
We're kicking ass today, baby.
Now, I noticed that we already got a list of which you're selecting out of the evening in the sports nerd host.
We got a mad dog on top now, we just passed the bastard.
You say I won't say it?
Yes. I just go on, mad dog.
Oh, right!
I mean, not that there's any question, the fact that I should have to fight this go on here and like bust a gut.
Have a hernia like...
Right here sitting in his chair is ridiculous, but then again that's what happens when you don't play the game.
See? This is on a sports station.
These are sports guys who never played the game, that's the problem.
Not a bunch of like superjokes like me and Hank and...
And uh...
Moe, right? You Moe?
All us old fads use.
Really sad. And the good news is that mad dog against La Bastard was really hip and young and...
Yeah, maybe I can't say I was from the sales department, who knows?
Well, maybe he was part of that marketing experiment because their owners says,
oh, we're not into like the radio business, we're into marketing.
Well, the fact that you're not in a radio business, that's pretty obvious.
Anyway, mad dog is all the way up to 48.9% in La Bastard on the 51.1.
The margin now is 155.
He was like 350 votes and when we started this, this audience is coming through.
Oh, on the 30th of June.
The 30th man.
When nobody's in town.
Oh!
I like that. It's pretty good, huh? I'm pretty impressed myself.
Yeah.
Because generally speaking, you know, South Florida, especially on a hot, uh, whatever it is,
middle, sultry with mosquitoes, his biggest boring balls.
People are like, they don't want to bother with this crap.
But we're gonna bother you today.
We're gonna put a link on our website to this thing, shouldn't we?
Okay.
In a prominent place, Eric, Sun Sentinel, let's sun-scentenal.com slash sports.
And here's the pull right there on the right-hand side, the whole right-hand column there, from the middle down.
Favorite, which sports stars station you prefer in a morning and the afternoon and the evening, a week from Sukus,
whenever the hell you like him?
Who's good? Who sucks? Who bites?
Who's got a bad hair piece? All of these pulls.
Lean on it. Tap on it. Over and over. Just get on that thing and just keep tapping on it.
I think, how many times do you think I voted?
Fought third, man.
Right, and probably you.
Yeah, at least I voted.
I've got the joshes in there tapping on it.
I voted.
See, there you go. Probably voted for Boog.
Nelson, I didn't mention this the other day, Nelson would pound the cramp out of Catherine Harris in 2006 and erase.
Bring her on. Bring that bitch on.
The Republican U.S. Representative Catherine Harris carried so much negative baggage among independent Democratic voters in Florida.
She would be trounced by U.S. Senator Bill Nelson at the 2006 Senate election where hell did they?
According to a new poll by Quinnipiac University.
Voters say Harris's role in the dispute of 2000 election recount while she was Florida Secretary of State would make 37% of them less likely to vote for in a general election.
Her negative ratings are predictably highest among Democrats, 58%.
But she's also disliked by registered independence, 39% of whom said they're less likely to support her because of her past.
She carries all of that baggage, brings back all those bad memories.
Plus don't forget about that plane she was in.
Florida voters haven't forgotten that Catherine Harris once she was Secretary of State shut down the recount of the 2000 presidential vote.
A move that eventually had President Bush being declared the winner of the contested election set play F Richards assistant director of the Quinnipiac University polling in student connective.
I wonder if he's related to cloud Richards.
The poll of 248 Florida registered voters doing 26 of 22nd whatever it is also showed that Harris remains the strongest candidate in the race to one seat Nelson and she's wasn't by 80 million votes.
How do you like that?
High school on bill. He's pretty mediocre. He's lukewarm at best.
WQAM. Hello.
Any other comments? Are you doing sir?
The reason nobody listens from two to four is because it changes into WTDDW.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Someone is walking on my register.
Someone is running under my signature pane.
Someone is running under my signature pane.
You look like you were crying.
People in the movie will laugh and the fans will laugh in the chat.
People in the movie will cry and the fans will laugh and the fans will laugh and the fans will cry and the fans will laugh and the fans will laugh.
He's a bigger, I'll then reach you then
I want me, I want me
Now all the papers say
Oh, I'm a public now
Jesse's got a lovely child
Yeah, you put the baby in me guess
Well the more papers you'll be
I'm down, and you play, you play
Like this spicy, not mine
Yeah, he's in trouble, it would seem
Oh, yeah, I'm a double dad
A big pile of Clintons team
Yeah, nobody ever thought
This was not MLK Street
Damn, I'm hungry, Jesse
Hey, the round
The overlawed this, where this who she girl
I need to put two down right
Expenses suit and gram in cherry girls
Baby, you be the little bit of that
In the memory gave her world
You'll be touching me without me
It makes you want her
The better you be something
Jesse's got a lovely child
Yeah, you got the better baby for you
Well the more papers you'll be
I'm down, and you're running around and waiting
You like this spicy, not mine
Yeah, I'm gonna need some more money
Jesse's in trouble, it would seem
Oh, yeah, you be something every ever money
A big pile of Clintons team
Oh, yeah, you be the little bit of that
Damn, with his balance beat
Yeah, I'm a double dad
This was not MLK Street
I'm hungry, man
I've reason I played that
Guess who's on top of that all over
Like Stink on Stuff
That Mexican stamp story?
Yeah, already?
Jesse, you opera tillinist, you phony, you...
You fairy
Idiot
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Pipercrid
Rancho Pucamanga
I thought you were gonna say cancun
You know that little square yellow button in here on my board?
Yeah, I just hit it
Oh, okay
Okay, you just don't get it, you know, you get it a little bit but you just don't get it all the way
You know, and with a summer hair upon us right now, I'm just making a suggestion that you keep certain things in mind
Anyway, which sports radio talks you'll host you prefer in the 4-7pm slot?
Look at the job that Neil has done, boys and girls
You see the margin now?
52 votes
What do you got?
I haven't, I have to reload
52 votes
In fact, when you go to our website, you don't even have to bother with his son's central craft
Just go to a NeilRages.com as you usually do
Hoping that the BD curtain is there, which you won't find it, but nevertheless
And right on top there, nice job, Eric, just click on that thing and it'll take you right to that whole poll
Those of you guys out there looking for a poll, here's one
Hop right on it
Maddog, 49.6%
La Baxter, 50.4%, the margin is down to 52 votes
He was over 300 votes behind, I do believe when we started on this, right?
Yep
And he's already passed him by over 1% in that poll of all the talk show hosts
I mean, as if there's any doubt
You see the fact that the other joint had like 6,000 votes or whatever is 7,000
That's the whole audience has already had a time to vote twice
So just wait till our whole audience gets a chance to vote twice, 3, 4, 5 times, whatever, keep you up to street
5, 6 on speaking of polls, guess who's really dropping like a rock faster than Daniel Baxter in California?
There's a clue
Honled?
The same California voters who gave Honled rare, rave reviews in this victory in the unprecedented 2003
Recall election are not interested in the 2006 sequel by the extra turn politician
According to a field poll released yesterday
Maxioyanida
In a startling reversal of public opinion, 57% of the state's registered voters would not support Schwarzenegger's
Relection next year, up from 42% February poll
57% say, bye bye Honled, don't come back
Those who vote fraud returned to Sacramento, tumbled from 56 to 39%
30,000
The governor who has yet to announce that he's going to run again finds himself running slightly behind two Democratic challengers
There is a broad range of discontent among voters with people turning away from the governor
Said Mark D. Camillo directly field poll
Didn't take long to turn him off to catch you on to him what a dumb ass he is
But, you know, whose fault is that?
Who's stuck him in there, right?
It's like that mess we got into with a stir and show on this radio station whose fault was that?
Who made the decision? Who put him on the air?
Everybody stepping back to him, but it's a boot, but it's a boot, but who screwed over Joe Rose on and sent him across the street?
If that story is true about Jimmy Cifalus, and you were sitting here with us, we had the confirmation on that this morning
In the studio from someone who has some context in the dolphins organization
Jimmy Cifalus played by a play man in the dolphins, that would be like us taking the picture
And then we could take a look at Mark and Lenny Martez and make him the...
What else do we got? What do we got?
The Barles Broadcaster
We're like taking Gellie and making him the Panthers announcer
W.D. Q.A. Ann, hello
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pali
Going back to the Harris poll with Bill Nelson?
Yes
As bad as she's doing, I guess when you have the thing fixed it doesn't matter what your poll numbers are
That's a good point, but you try to keep it within 20%
The thing with Schwarzenegger, I don't know if you've seen the documentary about Enron
The corner of the sky is in the room?
No
Well, it's about the Enron collapse and Schwarzenegger was in the secret energy meetings with Jimmy
But yeah, that is correct
What could he possibly have to offer if the end of the show is in the movie?
Did he know how Enron was screwing the state of California?
So obviously this was all planned and plotted ahead of time
And now unfortunately the Californians are finding out they were duped
But I guess nobody cares, they want to talk about Michael Jackson and
No, I don't
And don't forget to run away bright
And the run away bright, you know you're a radio poll except for you, you're showing a couple
There's nothing on the radio, there's nothing on television, there's not even anything worthwhile seeing the movies anymore
The corporatization of everything has just, it's obliterated everything
I'm going to the track
And, well, would buy?
Yeah
Sounds good to me
Thanks, Scott
I saw a bumper sticker the other day Neil, it's a camera looking better every day
Okay
Thank you, I'll buy you
Oh, it's big on the Canada, good timing, Pally
I'm not sure which one I want to do for you
You see the thing about the Super Bowl ring that Bob Kraft gave to Putin is like to look at and hang on to
And he's stuck in his pocket, you know
Where's my story about, oh yeah, here
Can he use their finding wise enough, eh?
Canada will draw a legislation giving the, if the right to ban the bulk sale of prescription drugs and other medicines to the USA
When necessary to ensure sufficient supplies in Canada, health minister Ujala Daw Singh, Dursan, said yesterday
Another one of them, engine guys
And they like that
So in other words, Canadians are saying let's take care of our own people first
And then if we got a bunch of stuff left over, then maybe we'll take care of the fact that
You poor Americans are getting raped at it by the pharmaceutical companies
And your government's not protecting you from getting raped at it
Though, a charge said the government must be able to block plans by some US states to make bulk purchases of medicines from Canada
Where prices are generally lower because of government imposed limits on what pharmaceutical companies can charge for their drugs
I want to read that paragraph again
Those times that the government must be able to block plans by some US states to make bulk purchases of medicines from Canada
Where prices are generally lower because of government imposed limits on what pharmaceutical companies can charge for their drugs
As opposed to the US that allows these people that's in bed with these people and lets them continue raping and raping
And when you sit there watching your nightly news every night between 6 a.m. and 9 o'clock and night
Every other spot, two out of every 3, five out of every 6 spots are free there's some over-the-counter prescription drug
Be sure to ask your doctor about lipitor, about so-cor, about some other poison
Right? You see the bone does it itch?
Yeah, we got some
We got some pill for it no matter what, if you got a headache we got a pill
If you got your ass aches, if you got like a hair lip, if you got like a hair out of a joint, we got a pill for it
Would you like to have a hair lip?
Right
In light of potential American legislation legalizing the bulk import of Canadian prescription other medications
Our priority must be the health and safety of all Canadians and the strength of our healthcare system said, dosage
A, we must be protective in making you proactive in making sure that these supply of affordable prescription medications remain stable and sufficient to meet the needs of Canadians first to do
Pharmaceutical companies have threatened to halt treatments to Canada if the drugs are transported back to the US and sold at levels that undercut US prices
How do you like that?
That's right, you're messing with what we're screwing up all our plans
Like Casio said
Yeah, you're screwing up all our plans
We want to continue to be able to rape the American public and have all these doctors on the end of a string by the detail man
It was nauseating for me to sit in the doctor's office down there and again he's a good guy
But you know, not going to go into personalities that would be bad because I may need him again someday
But he just started in on that, you know, actually it was the next day when he got the blood test results and he called me
And he's naming them all on lipitor and pavicle and crestor and of course when he mentioned crestor and I thought, geez, that's the one that they just were afraid to take off the market
Because people are dying from it. Remember those stories? Yeah, it's good for you then.
You forget about it.
You know?
Two
And he was serious. Of course he didn't bother looking up the interactions with the drugs I was taking which he knew what they were because he just got through rewriting my prescriptions for the other drugs
And I bother going on. Let me just tell you this folks seriously. Do a Google in fact do it right now for me
And then we'll find out exactly what the website is. On prescription, no, you need to write. Just drug interactions
Okay, Google it. And either the first one or the second one you get is a sensational website and all you do is it's got the list and you just click on you pair up together
Whichever two drugs you want to see if there's a bad reaction, check interactions drug digest dot. Right. That's it. And believe it or it'll lead to 10 years
There isn't this is what the problem is and that's why you shouldn't take them together or no interaction then you feel like, you know, maybe you live and maybe you will maybe you want
But it's a good thing because I know a lot of people out there pop and talk like crazy, especially at QAM
You wait you wait and see what's going to happen with this pool. I typed in aspirin and I got asked here. You got asked here asked here to word.
I'll be down just like you expect them to be asked here. Yeah, I had that once for a couple of weeks. If some pills made a go away like yeah, like my
Here you want to put two five cheeks on you on your ear. That's called as here. Oh, speak of that movie. I'm glad you turned it off when you did you'd been grossed out by that
Somebody. Oh, yeah, he's good though that email her. She's a fine now young man. Good actor. This was a very sensitive role that he played. I'm sure that they know
Receiver's a little sensitive to I don't know what that means 113 at 560 WQM
Morgan CKW
Well, that's it. That's all we're what I apologize. Ladies and gentlemen, the bottom shorts are negative. Arnold before we get started. What is that smell?
That's my new colon. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip colon. That explains it. I guess that's right. Next question.
You know, there's all the speculation that you will all please. You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know I
Fooled the whole world. What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor? Decisions are easy to make when you're informed. What does that mean? It's onion dip colon. No, I don't mean about the
Colon. I mean, what does that statement mean? Right. Next question. What is it? I go to Sacramento. I will pump up Sacramento. Well, how exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How?
By pumping. But this is a government. This isn't a gym. Not pumping. Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have.
Or there's a trade here for where you tread small report to mad. Well, there have been reports that you have straight in your
You straight. It's onion dip colon. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up Sacramento. It's the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you
Would Humphrey. You were Humphrey. It was never the governor of California. Exactly. It's onion dip colon. Anyway, it's what I was going to do is
CKLW Golden. Everybody do well. Brand it out. That's what I was going to do. Okay.
Mad dog's in the lead. How do you like that? Is this impressive or what? Showed up. It is. And the reason it's impressive is because he was like hundreds of oats
Behold where we started this was going to show if we were to like bootstrap in the beginning when this came out and everybody on an even keel, they could have pumped it up like
Arnold on their station with their 2000 listers and we could have pumped it up on ours with our 150,000 listings, whatever we got. And, you know,
And ever the twins you'll meet. Look at that. 50.4% of the mad dog 49.6% the anxious Dan La Bastard, the professional ethnic 30,
File, let's see 3645. So mad dogs already 55 oats ahead. See that? 60 by 55 and pulling away. I just don't understand. See, this business of not being able to
compete just assuming that they'll go away like the fan went away in like 940, a fox, whatever that was when that's not the way to compete.
Okay. The only problem is that our people are management people don't have any idea how to compete. All they do is to sit back and assume
Needle continue the every second or third month to throw in a nine or a 10 share and mad dog will throw in one of his eight or nine shares.
And we can all like a glum onto that and you know suck around and have those parties and say, oh, let's have a ratings party and
Let's have each other on the back for these big numbers that those guys got. Yeah, right. They did it. Spigging our ratings and polls that this makes me I am going to get down on the floor and gag.
I'm going to puke up bratwurst. Finally, a two to one margin Florida voters say they disagree with governor Jeff Bush is that's your fat ass governor. His order to investigate whether Terry Shavos has been delayed calling 9-11 when his wife collapsed in 1990 and see his actions as motivated by politics
Rather than sincere conviction by more a two to one margin, but 49% of the 1248 Florida voters surveyed by the Quinn Peac University
Porting Institute approved of Bush's overall job performances governor compared to 40% who did not more than two thirds say he should not run for president in 2008 70% of the respondents,
including a majority Republicans with an opinion, say they do not want to see Bush try to succeed his brother 70%. He was however out of step with most voters on the shy of OK's, Terry and her.
He nearly had 46% said they agreed strongly another 12% agreed somewhat the decision removed the woman's feeding.
He compared with only 24% and disagreed strongly Bush is efforts to have her.
He restored were eventually embraced by his brother who came rushing back from Texas to make sure he stuck his nose in there and try to get some political for that political capital to spend.
What radio do you listen to most between 7 and 10 this morning so glad I left this up all day because we got the audience kind of like radio intense enough.
They might actually give the audience the radio out of their dumpster.
You think we're getting out of the bottom of this swimming pool where I told them it's a little long time ago.
They might 741 votes.
Hank Goldberg won 63 almost 22%. That's seven. Yeah, it's OK.
No, I'm 128.
Air America 94. What's their claim to fame all of a sudden? What's their story? What's the deal over there?
I don't know. They still got Al Franken and they got Randy on at night. What else I could do with anything right? Isn't she out at night?
No, I reckon when is she on? I don't know.
Oh, well find out. Other FM 71 NPR 70. Waxie the ticket 55. Hank Goldberg won 63.
7 to 10. The ticket 55 and that's your rose, which is by far and away.
Their strongest link trust me when I tell you there's nobody over there. I mean still got an omelet and toast and juice and the sausage.
I mean, are we crazy or what? And for Tata what time is for Tata on Paul and Ron 51 other AM 32 satellite radio 23 WI would be 18.
That's that direct with Glen Beck or whatever and they get what do they do the more they actually do news.
They have a news block on the all news station. Leave it to clear channel. They buy up 85 stations. Have we don't even have an all news station in the market anymore?
Nice going, PD you idiot. Hot 105 5 Y 105 Steve Kane 5. That means Lori voted twice. Magic 5. Kiss 4. Internet radio 3. The coast 2. Love 94 2.
Oh, love 94. We talk about a statement. It's got bogus numbers in there. All of a sudden the last two months in Arbor, trying to find all these all these jazzy folks out there.
Bob, but he put about the snap of their fingers. He's got me. Do you know anybody who listens to let's see there he goes again.
I'm reaching for I didn't touch it, but I'm freaking I'm reaching on the bottom of the law form WEDR 2 and that's melt or may is he still dead?
The velvet frog. The velvet frog. RMF has got one CMQ has got one power 96 one and none zero. The big. Oh, I mean it was the big eight and then there's the big. Oh, it's like Bill or Radee radio radio.
He's out for by the way, he's still got a point. I saw Bill. He's probably going to be making an obscene phone call to the show pretty soon.
HCR none. Life none. Audio Mumbi none and MGE smegman none nobody likes that smegman when in doubt wash it out.
751 vote. How you like that? I think it's kind of interesting, you know, and I think see if our man if I don't want to keep picking on I'm sure I do.
If they'd be more interested in understanding radio and talk radio as opposed to just this sports this job who's got this.
It's not a smell and jockstrap, you know, and how long can we interview it? Carlos Delgado. So we can screw George or show up for an hour and a half.
So we can't take any and in this universe, let me ask you this what kind of an interview last for an hour and a half anyway.
It was an hour first of all. Or so what kind of an interview last for an hour? Very important one that kills a lot of time so that the host doesn't have to go on and talk.
I know I'm not fine with. Let me say it again. When I want to hear the Hank Goldberg show, I want to hear the Humphor.
Okay. That's what I want to hear him ripping and chewing and kicking ass and talking. I don't want to hear some flunky sports nerd from some stupid ass newspaper that even a bird don't want to drop a number on.
And that's Clarence's idea of programming the radio state. Clarence, I got news for you. Okay. It's not personal. Let's business.
Go sit on the party and just stay there. That's it. There's nothing more than just stay there. Well, let you know when it come out. Okay.
We'll put Josh in charge of the assignment. Josh, you're a courtess in Josh Dero. We're not Josh. You give him a little buzz. Get a cell phone number. Tell me you'll call him when it's safe to come out. Okay. Okay.
Check and you'll call dad. Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy to ride that I've been doing the round days today. Now, in the passenger, the wheel switched off the wheel.
The roof of wood died.
Now, in the evening, time in the drink is cold and it dies. Don't the machines. I've got the candle. They quit.
Oh, they're busy.
Oh, they're not a cherry cherry. It'd be a baby fruit. No, baby.
Shiny little little little baby. Confess a red kid. Now, so I've got some of the road in a big, bad ass soup of that way.
Now, in the autumn, stop the big deal. So they'll get around the picture of the place.
I got 79, my own bone, Carolina. She showed a convoid. Now, in my baby, Carolina.
Oh, baby. Over there, not a cherry. It'd be a baby fruit.
Shiny little little baby.
I got a window down on a hot summer day because the AC don't work no way.
The sweaty press release sucks the smell that gets the dusty look at all this time.
Now, my back's being fine. The shiny ground is not like that. I thanks my coffee.
Now, the shiny juice I've been washing it with on the roll.
Don't the baby.
Oh, they're not a cherry cherry. It'd be a baby fruit. No, baby.
Michael Schoffick news going over Steve Lump's thing.
Don't the baby.
First of all, it'd be a little fancy to be a baby fruit. No, baby.
Steve K. A W. Muck-on-Sound.
Can he just croak a short time ago? Everyone's star, right? Yes, he does.
Oh, no. Not everyone star. I thought there was another one star on this.
I'm just looking. I got a great picture over here. I don't want to hear it.
I do love this though.
Marvin's still dead. He's still Danny still dead.
Hey, Marvin.
Tammy, you're all she's still dead, right? I reckon.
I didn't even know she was sick.
But you were my best, but you were my best.
Oh, open wide.
I'm moving on back.
I'm stuck with five speed.
Okay, let me try it again one more time.
Because I love that jingle.
Steve K. A W. Muck-on-Sound.
How's that? That just fits together like OG and M gloves, you know?
Anyway, here's a, that's the new format. I'm going to have a bunch of old Jews playing oldies on here.
Won't that be big? Hank and me and Mo.
Totally, totally.
Playing oldies. When good jingles.
And we use the modern moves.
What do you think?
The leaders and mad dog is way ahead, by the way now.
Do you see that? Yes.
He's just about 100 votes ahead.
He's pulled away in the stretch. He's going to win like secretary in the Belmont.
And so, you know, keep that honor as long as you want some, Central.
Because we'll build up. See, we had a chance to get their whole audience to vote four times
before we even got out of the starting gate on this horse ball, layman's radio station.
But it's a slackers we got, man. You know something?
We shall overcome in spite of the leadership we got, spite of these idiots, these boneheads.
Do we have any effects? What?
Do we have to start singing that though?
Yes. Here's no answer to start singing it.
That.
Well, here's the talk-off. Come on, Jody.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no , we're starting from a  continuing thisepd from the Jupiter book for while unused longernk.
ang u Ricoille.ang u Ricoille.
ujprechen and J wegleg
all the spots on TV at any evening are on drugs and trying to get you hooked.
The full page ad in Parade Magazine showed a woman in a shirt skirt and high heels under
a headline, Killer Legs.
And Scott, in fact, Scott, did we have to send our website, right Josh?
Is it today?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Even young healthy legs could hide a killer blood clot.
If the blood clot bracelet and travels to the lung, it could be fatal.
The ad said, deep fainstrom boasts a silent killer.
It was powerful marketing to tapping Primal Fears of Death and Disease targeting the healthy
for lifelong use of blood thinners.
Variations of this warning were brought to newspaper magazine readers, TV viewers, inductors
across the world by event as pharmaceuticals, maker of the blood thinner, Lovenex.
Do we have Lovenex?
No.
No.
I got Plybics.
I'm Pompinin.
Here's one right there.
When he saw the ad Dr. H. Gilbert Welch of Thetford Vermont was deeply troubled not about
getting clots but about event as a scare tactics.
Oy a clot.
From the ad, you might conclude that the disease affects women in their thirties.
How do you mean?
Well, the editor of Detective Clinical Practice Magazine, in fact, it's diseases of people
over 60 recovering from surgery, injury, or immobilizing illness.
Such misleading marketing is a prime tool to expand the market for the medicines of drug
giants, such as eventas to push its blood clot throughout a dentist target day larger
and for our healthier population now elderly recovering from surgery, people with long
distances.
You know, they're always talking about, if you sit like a little transatlantic fight
for hours and hours, you get deep fainstrom boasts.
Right. Deep vein thrombosis has become a hazard of air travel, especially for those
seated in the coach cabin where there's minimal leg room. It's been named the
Economy Class Syndrome of Endless Website said, no matter that over the past decade
by best accounts, only four or five people on average are the 600 million annual passengers
have been shown to have died from blood clasps caused by air travel. Four or five out of
over 600 million. That's dangerous.
Aventous is more to become. There are more people who die from listening to the wrong radio
station than that. Aventous is more of an economy class syndrome on billboards at airports
at Funday. Coalist have a very deep vein thrombosis. It helps plant favorable stories in
the media. And enlisted the world's leading health agency, the WAH, in its marketing efforts.
I think I'm sure we got this on our website. It's just too long and ponderous for me to
go into. But just to make a long story short, they're killing you with pills, baby. They're
marketing it. They're not trying to save your health. They're trying to take your money.
They want your money. That's all. In fact, instead of all these ads for a lipitor and
crest door and all this other crap and so forth, what they should do is just have a toll
free number. Just call this number and send us your money. Give us your credit card number.
Send us your money, right? Right. And then at the end, you might still be alive. You might
not be able to eat for a while, but you'll at least still be alive. Maybe lose some weight.
Maybe that's a new drug cure. Send us some money so you can't afford to eat. You can't
afford to go to a cold mom creamery or the marble slab slab, whatever that places.
Do we get any more feedback on that or not? Not yesterday or anything. Did Josh go back
to the cold stone creamery and mend your ways? I didn't. I'll have to do that. Well, why not?
Get with it. I was busy last night. Well, yeah, I'm sure you would. By the time,
man, I'm drilling for oil, drilling for something. By the time I'm back on next Tuesday,
I want another report and update. Maybe we'll have the wrong holiday weekend, huh?
Okay. Now, next Thursday, that Marlon game is a home game, I believe. That's what I was told.
Yeah. This is it is. Yeah. Well, they go away and they play to mess this weekend,
but this radio is really spastic, isn't it? Yeah. They come home for a couple of games and they go
on a road again and they come back home. It's just all over the place. The Marlins. We love
them. Marlins. During the day, it's time away from the day, baby. 12, 30 free games show Rain or
Shine. Rain or Shine. That's that's we're saying it right now. Just keep saying that to yourself.
Rain or Shine. If it should get rained out or something, George will be standing by. Yeah.
So,
Oh!
Welcome.
Oh, right!
The days and trees,
color your chest tree.
Oh, can it best be said that's gone to me?
You're good.
Oh, can it best be said that's gone to me?
The great dates, colds.
Better how find that pool they're starting to strike back.
Obviously they're like turning counter over the other joint now across the street.
They're mobilizing their 10 people.
We're not alone in the universe as Tommy Cruz.
Oh God, are we ever going to hear the last of him?
No.
And then George is on the air time about how good that movie was.
Right, Raven about it.
The Raven says never more.
I can't believe that you can't find the original more of the worlds.
Not handling them, not to order it online.
It's been all over my cable here last since the hype for the new movie star.
It's been all over my cable like stink on Greg.
Well, you know how that goes when you want to see something at eight there.
Right.
And when you don't want to see it, I watched a couple of minutes here and there, but I
may have seen it so many damn times.
It occurred in originally when it first came out long before you guys were born long before
being the old toad that I am when it was the pinnacle.
That's what I was told.
Tommy would act your Tommy Cruz.
Not only this is from Berlin, no less, bar sure like Berlin.
Not only battles creatures from outer space and as late as still more of the world, he
also believes aliens exist.
He told a German newspaper yesterday.
He said he's seen alien and we've seen him too too much.
And the others are still a group and for it.
As an interview with the tabloid daily bill that he believed in aliens, Cruz said, yes,
of course.
Are you really so arrogant as to believe we're alone in this universe?
Millions of stars were supposed to be the only living creatures.
No, there are many things out there.
We just don't know Cruz 42, so it may have been published in Truman.
And of course, he's got to say that because that's the basis for his whole religious
BS.
Cruz is the follower of the Scientology Church founded by a science fiction writer, Elron
Hubbub.
And as recently as the first to discuss the face that's raised, I browse in the media,
I'm raising all three of mine now.
Most controversially, Cruz criticized actress Brooke Shields for revealing she had taken
Andy depressants.
And official Scientology website argues that people should live drug free.
Right.
I wonder first, Limbar heard that.
I want to live free drugs.
Cruz, he said all drugs ought to be free.
Cruz also dismissed Scientology as a pseudo science involving invoking the error of the APA
that cover marks irresponsible, unacceptable.
But many Scientologists feel they're unfairly criticized arguing that although many believe
in the concept of aliens, it's not such an unreasonable proposition and that the side
effects of some medication are not fully understood.
Cruz is new, feel more.
The world is based on British writer HD Wells, 1898 story of the invasion of Earth by
Martin.
I thought they were from Uranus.
Tom, that's a big story.
Anyway, here's that story about the old valor of Vladimir Putin.
Russian President Vladimir Putin walked off in the wingland Patriots owner Robert Kraft's
diamond and crushed it 2005 Super Bowl ring.
But it was, it was a generous gift, a very expensive, international must understanding.
This is another one of those stories that we keep here and all over the place.
We ought to be spending a lot of time worrying about this.
Aren't you?
Good.
Oh yeah.
Following a meeting of American business executives and Putin at Konstanovsky, Palace,
New St. Petersburg on Saturday, Kraft showed the ring to Putin who tried it on, put it in
his pocket and left.
Oh, that's a lovely one.
Yeah.
It wasn't clear if Kraft's business interests include paper and packaging companies and venture
capital investments intended that Putin keep the ring.
Stacy James, a spokesman for the football team, said yesterday, that Kraft was traveling
ahead and talked him in four or five days despite emails and calls.
He's still overseas.
I can't even tell you where he's not too back till next week he'd be saying.
It's an incredible story.
I just haven't been able to talk to Robert Kraft in Fermi, told the A&P.
However, a senior criminal and official, the Meetree Peskov, told the A&P the ring was
a present.
It was offered as a gift to the Russian president and the presence of numerous journalists.
We honestly didn't get any signals from the first new offer that he was in an awkward
situation.
He said Putin had given the ring to the criminal library where the foreign gifts are
kept.
He said the ring was worth substantially more than the $15,000 as the value had been
reported.
It refused to be Pacific, but no other than the ring has got 124 diamonds.
I like that.
Steven Russians.
Remember, cheesehead Tommy Thompson said he couldn't believe how they haven't poisoned
their food supply yet.
Right.
He's still trying to get them to, right?
About a third of an ounce of bachelors in toxin poured by bioteric into a milk truck
on roof from a dairy farm to a processing plant could cause hundreds of thousands of
deaths and billions of dollars in economic losses.
Oh my god.
According to a scientific analization that was published this week despite efforts by
federal officials to keep the details secret, everything's got to be a big, deep dark secret.
The analysis by researchers had Stanford posted on Tuesday on the website of the proceedings
of the National Academy of Sciences seeks to quantify security weaknesses in the nation's
milk supply chain.
11k10 of you would drink cow's milk, fools, maniacs, lunatics.
Let me ask you again.
Is there any other animal that drinks the milk of another animal?
I don't know.
Keep checking.
Although some of the, yeah, but you will.
Although some of these suggested changes were already underway.
Federal officials felt the material had an up potential for misuse to warrant a last-minute
effort to halt publication that effort proved to be as contentious as the publication itself
and has assured the reports placed in scientific canon is one of the first test cases of how
to balance scientific freedom and national security in the post-natal-alibate era.
Yeah, we just, we just want to tell you that.
And that's the big, can-year philosophy.
And by the way, they're starting to pick on changing out too.
How do you like that?
Is that about time?
Oh jeez.
His own people are starting to say, well, maybe he just went a little bit overboard there.
You know, that the last throw is of the terrorist.
And now the new deal is they're saying that Iraq is a hotbed of terrorism.
How about that?
I wonder why that is.
How did that happen?
El Presidente?
Okay, don't forget we got the molemyster with two, mad dog before.
You know, this idea of, putting Dan La Bastard in a class with Jim Mandage would be
like putting Gildi in a class with Westbrook Van Voorhees, Watercrunkite and Edward Armouro.
When it comes to sports, we are the outdoors.
Sports radio bikes, it's a fashion radio.
Play like men and they look like women.
Get rid of it.
It's a shame that you're not the boy.
You have to mute a shot and you need it.
Get your nose.
One has got to be able to beat all the cream cheese.
Oi!
Oi!
Oi!
Oi!
These are my sons, my sons, my sons, my sons and,
from their kosher, this is our king.
These are my sons, my sons, my sons and,
these are my sons, my sons and,
break out!
Oi!
Funky, woolly, schmuggy, yeah.
We got to be much make the way you want to race,
we're aching back, we're abrochering.
Oi!
We got to be much make the way you're talking.
Hey, push, what are you saying we grab an egg ring here?
You've got a good shape, you're not getting this is no chance.
I can eat much, she can live it and any men are wise.
Oi!
Oi!
Oi!
Oi!
Hatch boogie boogie!
Oi!
Bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble,
wach out there, who are shake yabbs, whoosh!
Oi!
Bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble, bumble,
Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go.
He's a much so much so much so man.
Speed heart, let me check that sh** here.
He's a long town.
He's a lot so much so much so man.
He's gotta be a much so man.
He's a much so much so much so man.
Maybe we can go and have a hypovoiva voice up here.
I'm not so much so much so man
He's gotta be a much so man
Get some of my so much so much so man
Okay, what's the idea folks across the street are cracking back there must be the boob sir or a dusome paste and spinach and the
World eggs so we better hop on that keep tapping on it all day okay and all night
And I'm not in jail for it gets raw speaking of that remember we're talking about the house the peep in Tommy right
Yeah, all but in the hands you're a 45 year old man was arrested after a teenage girl found him is staring at her from below an
Outhouse seat police said that's happened before police said they pulled Gary moody from Gardner main from the waste tank under a log cabin
Outhouse on Monday we had to decontaminate him so captain John Aver of the Carroll County Sheriff Department
I didn't let firefighters hose the man down before police handcuffed him
We treated him as if he were hazardous materially with charge of criminal trespass what away out of yada yada also yeah
I haven't had time for it. Oh, I'll save it for I'll save it for next Tuesday
Here's the poll result while we're doing you listen to most between 7 and 10 in the morning 800 votes not too bad
Hank over 176 22% we need to boost the boost up the hopper and you read a seven-eyed boring crap that they've settled him within there
Clarence none 139 air America 102 other FM 75 NPR 73
Waxie the ticket 60 let me say to you and Hank 176 Waxie 60 huh Paul and Ron 57 other a N34 satellite radio 23 WIO D18
How 105 6 Y 100 6 magic 6 the Steve King show 5 are they alive?
Internet radio for kiss for WDDR 3 RMS 2 Coast Guard appear love 94 2 CM Q's go one power 96 1 and
None yet. They're trying to find where they are in the dial HDR life the music of your life and we're out of your mom
B and smeg more radio
