All right, I'm for Neil and I guess what we ought to do is put an eyes for it up and
Not that we pay any attention to them, but were the real station you got it not them us we we us not them and
Odds board for what who's next you didn't see the
The article and broadcast alley or whatever no you mean we're breaking this to you. Yes great read
Leaving at the end of the year to buy his own station
Are you there? How come I didn't tell me anything about this? How come George didn't tell me well George was out here sick yesterday
I didn't know I'm just finding out about this now. Well, this is some gigantic news at the end of the year
That's what the story says
The beast knows where it is on the
Who founded this on radio and records what the trade publications assume? It's in a trade publication like broadcast daily or something
I'm not kidding. Yeah
What about if him QB is that it let me look? I don't I don't read the trades
I just saw it this morning on the internet on this one you saw it on the internet's peace come in here
Well, yeah, he doesn't want to come in. What's the matter with him? He's afraid I
Think so I'm reporters are perfect. Yeah, for sure. Oh was well
Can you guys tell me so I can tell Neil where he can Google that?
M Street okay M Street whatever that is
Brood you a Stern could bring a serious one and a half million subscribers is the big headline R&R because they all had their head up powered Zaz
I don't see it well M Street okay, and it's a story that I mean he showed it to me when I came in this morning
And it says that Greg Reed has said that he is going to leave at the end of the year to pursue ownership opportunities
Well, I guess you won't be if he can just keep your nose clean for three more months
You can avoid some suspension. Yeah, but I haven't I had this nightmare about it that they replaced him with Gary Bruce
I don't see anything on M Street about Greg Reed you know the beast is being a total turd if you don't mind my saying so
He showed it to me this morning. He had it
I what show that yeah, I'm gonna horrible thought that yeah, well besides that
And he refuses to get off his fat ass and come in here. Oh John Gibson gets his own three hour evening
Talks row from Fox News radio the Nazi hour. That should be good Joseph Gerbels will be proud. I still don't see it
I'll get it for George after I get what the hell is wrong with that tub of crap there
Why I have no idea sitting here with this stupid grin on his fat face jackass maybe it's one of those
They told us this morning. Oh, it's in that. I mean I saw it. I read it now
Yeah, I walked in this morning and they added on the they had it on the computer
Let me look at the industry journal here government pirate
This is all about New Orleans. Yeah, I'm WW. Hold on a second co-paz in no you can just Google it. Yeah Google what Greg Reed M Street
Oh, I miss vlog I got him straight on there already great greed M Street
Never wish for the head of the czar look at that and look look look and look what it came up it said great hate you
I
Still don't have it wouldn't it be a lot easier if somebody there is got it if they would send a damn thing
What kind of a place is that you got me I just come in do my show and talk to you and go home? Yeah, yeah
I would just sit here minding my own business and all of a sudden you hit me with this bomb shell and nobody seems to
I can't believe that nobody told you that
but
Nobody has told me that well
I think that there'd be if it's in if it's in some kind of publication
Wouldn't you think that he would have the a decency to like put a memo out before the people read it?
Yeah, before you read this in the trades. I've decided to pursue other
Or maybe the story is not true
What do you mean the story's not I said maybe it's not true? Well, why do they put it in there then well that media has gotten things wrong
We've never happened we're not talking about the cover of the media channel now. Yeah, we're talking about industry whatever that is
They may not be any better
Yeah, I don't know what it is that's that's not the street I heard of in fact I wonder am a street
I wonder where Greg is right now he is and on queer street
Got it you might as well use it
I guarantee you never gonna hear Jimmy syphilis say that oh
Oh, hey Jimmy you fairy anyway, so so you know this is all well and good for killing time
But where the hell's this story?
It comes up on the search, but I can't find it on the site when I go there. No, but you know what George
They have it in the in my
No, they don't have it either well, maybe the beast can find it again
He found it earlier this morning. It disappeared. Maybe great had it erased
Maybe it's not supposed to be out
Yeah, as an Evelyn Lincoln. Oh, here's the beast okay. Yeah, I have what everyone else has so when told me yesterday to Google the following
Greg read an end street so I did that and that little thing that George has comes up, but I can't find the story
That's all I have
I don't I googled the
We little no there's not the story there. It's just a little thing that tells you about the story
Oh, it's just a note. Yes. Oh, it's a promo. It's the I forget what they call it a tease to thank you. Yes
Over the stories I
Google that and I don't I'm Google man Greg read chemistry that I get nothing here
You put a space between the atmosphere. Yeah, huh the rest of us have it. It's the top result
20 year my MEG and Greg read says he'll leave at the end of the year to pursue ownership
There it is
But that's in other words that's at the search result page if you go to the site good luck finding it
Is it is it got a date? No, I believe it's on the subscription part of the site which like
This is you're in hell of a way to find out and then talk about a mess and we're and don't forget
It's not that other station over there. We got the real pregame show on this. Yeah, maybe
I'm gonna buy that. Oh, yeah
Is the real deal? I don't think he wants to buy a place that's that deep in the hole already
Well somebody was telling me in fact it was Joe Costello George's close personal friend called me yesterday and
Was giving me the whole stew got story again. Well, you ought to know he was your producer
I don't speak to him about how he started as a board off and flunky producer and then I became your producer and you put him on the mat
And then all of a sudden he vanished and was
He wonky always a funky and of course he had the daddy's money
Yep, which and all of a sudden he went from he went from producer board off to general manager. Yeah
Your arises and
There's our new general manager. Maybe he doesn't have a contract over there. Maybe he could replace Greg
What do I leave and I'm sure duality the same phenomenal job on the probably not like what is much
Well, that's really something that we find us are you and you know what's gonna happen now?
I just oh, I know it. I can smell his coming. What hey boys and girls guess who's gonna get suspended for breaking another story on the year
How do you do it boy?
I couldn't get suspended for about three weeks I guess
Well, this would be with pay this would be without cause I just I sit out of a trade publication right
Maybe the maybe the beast could serve some of your suspension days for you. I've been there and done that. Yeah, have you really you've been suspended?
Chief the time of the sugar bowl and the whole fight thing when death left 80 messages of my
What was that all about I never mind. I didn't see oh I know come on
I know exactly what happened there was a there was a fight in a French quarter involving
Cames players and the beast was there and he didn't report it. Oh
No, otherwise he was being a shield while I was really paid to do it
And he's a sideline report. I'm hearing that if they lose to Clemson this week that they're just standing the franchise
You're just gonna stop 100 football. That's what I heard. I heard they're gonna let go of the sideline
No, that wouldn't surprise me can't afford to feed him anymore. Oh
Wow, that's a possibility, you know, so should I make travel plans now? Yeah, I got the make your reservations for Vegas right now for any place
Yeah, they're never done on them. Even before you you have a way you have a knack
This was even even without a shovel man. You could dig a hole all the way to China. It's just unbelievable
No, they wouldn't suspend me for this. Well, I didn't say it happened. I didn't say anything
I didn't give it a opinion about it. Yeah, no, you didn't give it opinion about that other thing either you just be putting a new story
Guess what? Peavow Peavow Hopper
Yeah, I guess in a month. So so what's the story? I haven't seen the story
I just saw the thing this morning at the beach over with
Just a headline. Yes, it takes
Apparently in order to read the story you have to pay about five hundred dollars a subscriber and
It's like 35 bucks minimum just well. I could handle that it would be worth it to get rid of him
I mean it would be worth it to have this
He said that not me. Yeah, that's okay. I said it. He knows I mean it. He knows we've been on to him for a long time
You know, it never works when the GM leaves so now I remember when Bill vines left of the IOD and it just so helped
Yeah, my good buddy Bill vines. Hey, when you rather have everybody like you like Sandy
I said no Bill. That means I'd be boring like Sandy
Oh, and then before he went off to St. Louis, he tried to harm you again IOD
He was really a strange bird. They had a lot of strange birds to there that Joe Abernathy and what was the other guy?
Oh, uh, who's the guy who came in there through parties every week. That was the guy Jim Gallon
No, so Abernathy and Jim Gallon the guy who came in and he forgot his name now
He was I thought he was a pretty good guy because he always was handing out money cash
He'd give you the city crowd. Yeah, Joe Abernathy and Jim Gallon
I'm trying to remember the name of the guy who came out a lot of strange and of course they had Bill wise in there
Was the PD which we wound up with him at kiss for about six weeks until they caught on to him what a bozo he was
It's very real wise. We're so dumb. He could have been the president
This is is full of them. Yeah, it's full of it. All right
Well, you can't say I didn't give me any fire today. I have sure stirred the pot today, man
And our George is gonna smoke it no doubt you really mixed that good
Don't forget don't listen to that other station pregame this weekend. Now. What game you got this weekend?
I am not doing a game this week. I have one really yeah, so I will be
Happy we hanging out here. So you'll be able to sit back and watch that what could be the number you can you imagine the
Right this game I'll be at the ale house in North Miami Beach where I can watch all the games now
Are you gonna be on our the real pregame show? Uh, yeah, well good briefly
Because I noticed it says in my schedule the real
Pregame show I usually come on and pick games and there's only you know there. It's a late game
So yeah, right too many to pick well, it's the real pregame show it's the one it doesn't have two guts on it
So that's all they need to know okay have a great weekend
We're gonna like dig into this. We're gonna get a hold of shy lot comes all right
Let's check it out you are the best. Yes. I am see you Monday. I hope so
Bye
May 5th
On stations are getting away trips to cancun some are getting away trips to Mexico City, but we are bringing Mexico to you
That's right. We're giving away Mexico
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back then we hope you wanted you imagine your own
personal Mexican
Your house
Thank you because if they don't you'll have them deported
They pretend color when you hear this r and wind on Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans
Fading in the logic of Mexicans his winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans
Great single good my own home
You're very old
Mexican people just think the way okay
It's not thinking of my own but it is a Mexican independence base of pember 16
I bet you a lot of people we have how many Mexicans you think in South Florida
I'm sure that we want to wish you happy
The ACC's uh, they September we got more Mexicans than that about 30,000 now down in the redlands
But they're working in the fields well. I'll be damn anyway. It's uh, this is really that this just totally changes the whole thrust
Where we were going today, right thrust leave it to the Humperman the nice snow in him. We'll see him probably about two three weeks
1013 a Q a.m. Happy Friday
This is the new Roger
This is 516
Breaking a chill
Yes
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Move we're gonna take it and we promise no
Vahamas love to bring us on up
Okay, okay
I'll put you there see
There's the tape on a wall
That's where the bad folks go to get away from it all
There's nice
Oh
My
Birds of the tower
Damn
How
We're gonna take it and we promise no
Vahamas we love to bring us on up
It's a place where in some don't don't you want my cargo?
Oh
What happens there will you don't want to know
This where
I don't need a door
Don't you want your no
No
Okay, 1018 at 560 WQA and we're all over the place now. I feel like we've been thrown off the tracks. It's good
I always keep them on keeping guessing. It's good to go off road once in a while. If you're in QA, I'm in the heat
Udonnis has them today what from two to four for the grand opening of the Verizon wireless located 100 South
This game Voldemort and downtown Miami stop by to win prizes enjoy free food from Aladdin City subs and find out what a Udonnis has them looks like
What is that? I know what an and and don't it looks like when they don't
Well find out who he is
Now the poor yesterday George was out yesterday
So he wasn't around for this other than current QA employees who's your all-time favorite radio personality
And we had a stellar response we did over a thousand votes on his pool during the show which Josh wrote down him marked it on his elbow
In a wobble ink
1782 votes on this pool not bad. Howard Stern 329 was there any doubt? No of course not
Phil Henry 239. Are you sure the voice of
Mr. Intelligence or whatever that thing is in the movie a team America world police
Yes, so it's cool on 160 now you did that to it. You made him into a superstar now. No, no, no, no
He was he had 160 votes and his partner Rick Riley had only 11 right he was a superstar long before I started blooming on
Just nobody knew it though right
Spircy on payday
Boy you talk about a guy that got screwed over your buddy suds. Thanks again for the movie and George like the movie
Oh spectacular watch it twice Randy rose 155
Wow, and then it's a pretty steep fall after that Joe rose 80
Machinery 70 Scott for about 46 Al Franken 43. You see if Al Franken is like let's see two four six eighth
That goes to show you that there's a him rich shot 37 depot 36
Jeff DeFloris and his wrist arantes
Bob and Tom were the only ones we put on
Yeah, it was a you just can't separate them 32 wolf nine jack 31 rush limbaugh 29 Paul harby 28
Booster 24 Dr. Demento and Lionel and Don I miss 21 apiece edgel's 19 podcast and over 19 the crow 19 and the grease man 19
cousin Brucey bad hair piece 17 Larry King 17 big Wilson 16 hello big
Romie homie Romie had 15 what a joke that is Larry lujak 15
Murray the K 14 Craigworthing 14 Steve Val 13 Larry Glick and his lemonade stand 12 sonny Fox Rick Ramy Bill Carter 11 apiece
Gene Shepherd 9 Kelly Shepherd and get any mad dog of my kind of mad dog nine Jerry
Whichner nine take me on the eight Alan Burke eight Danny from eight touch net seven the bird had seven George
And then Miguel was in a riff in the burden of ass
Because he heard those tapes. Yeah, I told him to listen to the tapes up because of the bird factor
But just because of the difference of uh in you the way the radio show sounds. What does that mean?
It was really sedate in those days by comparison
So they show yeah, it's a way that lively and the pace is way different now if you see it
Don Cox 60 pertin six Arne Ginsburg five Steve Kane five so I guess
Nick Lawrence voted twice and Brian Craig I finally remember his name twice and Mr. Ego voted once
Grebedeel five Tony Bruno for Alan freed for Casey kiss him for stand major for
Thousand dollars he'll pay it back
Ron Hershey three Harry Harrison three Barney pip three WCFL Chicago. He was a pimp
Bill Tanner three what very farber uh up here
Mike of my kind of mad dog to bow Griffin to why should I mention you to Joe Castell
Many call you stay have never called again quick call on me Joe. I like you're a good guy, but leave me alone
Gotta hate that Bruce Williams two Jerry Williams two and one a piece for Paul winner Joe Niagara High lip George the Hound Dog of the Rams
W KBW and Buffalo they've made it one Alan Courtney and Bruce Bradley and Johnny dark head one
And no votes for her boss for Anderson. Oh my god Lee Alan from WXYZ and Detroit none
Rick D's none curl the sues we found out died uh long time ago had none and Alice Alice
Rantell boy did you leave it in Delabal Mark on this market Alice had the big oh none Alice you fair wow how do you like that?
So that's uh almost two thousand votes
Now now what have you got? Are you tell me that nobody has anything on that story?
Nobody has anything on this story like a duck isn't come rushing in there and say
Anything they'll be probably too busy trying to fire the beast now. Oh
Hey, I got news for you if it's in if it's in print somewhere uh there should have been a memo going out
Saying who hi what you don't think no I don't
Should have been a memo going out saying Greg has decided to pursue if you are other any criticism screw up
He's good. They kept so much in last but we really can't put the pieces back together again
So he's gonna go and screw some other place up that he's gonna own uh all that are part of it or whatever and lie to some people over there
Well good luck to you Greg. Okay. It's been a real treat. Mm-hmm. I hear the thing we had on yesterday with Bush's
Potty note as it is now known
We have never had a response to anything we put on our website like we did yesterday
We had over 1200 views of that story
And so I think you probably people want to know how that came about that there was a photo of that note
And then we put this up yet today Josh you're not uh, no, we did not I'll put it on that
Here's to busy cancel. Oh don't plan the photographer
You know, I mean, I don't even know if I emailed or anything else beside this but you'll you'll know this story
writers explains photo of Bush bathroom note
Don't plan the photographer that's the message from Gary Herschor in a picture editor for Reuters about the photo yesterday that shows president George
W Bush writing an all-too-human note during a UN meeting
Bush is shown writing. I think I may need a bathroom break is this possible
See we couldn't read this scrolling the scribbling below because he was starting to write faster
Factor and faster I guess as the pressure was building
And as much this stain and contempt as many of us have for as most of us have for him the fact that it matters
We've all been there
Sometimes in our pants the photo which quickly became fodder for blogs and emails among friends was taken by rich
Wilking a contract photographer based in Denver who recently covered the flooding in New Orleans
Herschor and writers news editor for pictures for the America says he's responsible for zooming in on the note
And decided to transmit the photo to Reuters clients
He says Wilking didn't know what the notes said when he shot the picture
I'm so adamant that Rick had nothing to do with this
He was just a guy who pushed the button Herschor and says he was pushing it and response to the attention the photo is getting
Reuters spokeswoman in London released a two-sentent statement about the picture
The photographer and the editors on the story were looking for other angles in their coverage of this event
Something that went beyond the stock pictures of talking heads that these kind of forms usually offer this picture certainly does that
So how do the picture happen? I'm sure that most of you are scratching your heads and other parts wondering
How this happened?
According to Herschor and Wilking was one of several photographers covering the UN Security Council meeting
Between about 11 in New New yesterday
It was part of a pool stationed on a balcony that faced Bush's back a group of white house photographers was on a balcony facing the president
Wilking shot about 200 images and sent two memory cards to the press room at the UN where Herschor and was working
Herschor looked at the images on a computer initially decided not to send any of them
But a few hours later
He started to wonder about a note that Bush was seen writing in three of the pictures
Out of curiosity he zoomed in to see if he could read the note once he saw what it said
Herschor and decided the note was interesting and worth publishing the white parts of the picture were overexposed
So a Reuters processor used Photoshop to burn down the note
This is a standard practice for news photos Herschor and says and the picture was not manipulated any other way
Around 4.30 in the PM
Reuters transmitted two versions of the photo including one that was tightly cropped around the note and bushes hand
The caption says that Bush was writing the notes of Secretary of State kind of leaves the rice
Herschor and says Wilking saw Bush write the note and hand the note to rice
Herschor and says had the state seldom attend security council meetings
It's possible that Bush was simply asking a secretary of state what the proper protocol wants to be excused
When you're thinking of like some assistance there some aid as opposed to like the secretary of state having to get permission for a potty break
But maybe finally a no she into it much else
Herschor and says had a state seldom attend security council meetings
And it's possible if Bush I just read that online some accused Reuters in the median general of being insulting or juvenile
A letter writer to editor and publisher wrote you ought to be ashamed to yourselves for this stupid trivia and childish focus
It's unclear how widely the picture was published Herschor and says the Toronto Globe and Mail published it
But wasn't sure of any other outlets Herschor and says he decided to transmit the picture because it was interesting
There was no malicious intent. He said that's not what we do
What do you say?
There's a story behind the story
How come we're like well was that whole hanking in Greg now? What do you got so far?
Nothing
Ha ha ha ha ha ha this is mea Rogers
This is five hundred and sixty two eight
yes
Week a mom
Night on Fox show
American item yeah
Star George Bush sings the hoose
To get a
you know I get generation
before we grow old, I can't get generations.
I can't get generations.
It's cool when you think it's cool.
What do you think of me?
Digestress Terrible, dude.
Don't sing ever more.
Stop singing.
Nice play.
Nice play.
I told you, I've told you the world you've taught, but love is a serious enemy.
Because you've given me the best you've ever told me.
I have never ordered torture.
American Idol.
Can I?
Don Fox.
1033-560-WQM.
Happy Friday to you, September 16th.
Mexican Independence Day.
Happy whatever it is.
Whatever.
Here's our poll today.
What one word best describes George W. Boy?
I tried to think I tried to be, well, I didn't try to be fear because it would be unlike me.
No, I tried to be a little bit more magnanimous and come up with some more positive words, but I couldn't come up with too many.
I did put some of my money like steadfast and leader and brilliant and dedicated and honorable.
I put a few of those on there.
They're not doing too well.
What one word best describes George W. Boy?
It's hard to do it with one word.
In fact, I would take the top two choices right now and put them together.
Dangerous 123.
A-hole, that was my vote 63.
Now, if you put those two together, I would say that sums it up pretty well.
Because anybody can be an A-hole, but when you're a dangerous one, then you really are dangerous.
On Qualified 58, Moron 52.
A Moron, Liar 31.
Then, Compute 27.
Leader 17.
There's the first positive one.
3.7% of this crowd say leader.
And of course, he proved that last night out down there on that lawn.
That was pretty early.
I didn't watch it, of course.
Boso 14.
Thief 10.
Ful 9.
Steadfast 8.
Dumbbell 8.
Brilliant 8.
Dedicated 8.
Butcher 7.
The Butcher Washington.
Honorable 5.
And Hippocrite 5.
What about coward?
You said that before the show.
We should have had that.
Because when you're a draft Dodger and we don't show up for your dirty and when you're taking hot.
Right.
When you're sending other people off to be killed.
Oh, there's Karen Hughes.
What's he doing?
Oh, waiting to start the service for the National Day of Prayer.
Oh, my God.
Are they all going to go?
Oh, God.
It's the National Day of Prayer.
How the hell did that slip by us?
First Greg Reed is leaving.
We didn't know about that.
Now it's the National Day of Prayer.
Maybe we ought to pray for the future of QAM.
How can we survive without Greg?
Without our fearless leader?
Now, you taught me since we had that whole long thing with Hank.
That nobody is coming there and said anything about it.
Nobody.
No one.
Wow.
I could only imagine what's going on in the other people.
Oh, boy.
And you guys thought Hank and I were going to be doing these crossovers for a few weeks.
The tongues, the red-hot pokers that are being inserted into various orifice.
So let's start thinking about this.
Okay?
And I do want to thank Miguel yesterday for bringing me back to my senses.
Okay?
Because thanks to you, I've been working much too hard and Josh ain't too happy about it either.
Because the more stories I read, that means that more I'm looking for and the more I'm putting on a web time, he's getting pretty peeled about it.
Come on, Sliker.
So no, look, that's your attitude.
Just take your way through and just take the money and take it to the bank.
So it's all the big bucks you're making.
Oh, yeah.
I only wish I could tell the audience why you stayed home yesterday.
But I always said it has to do with something.
It's something to do with the sponsor and I'm not going to go into it, but I only wish I could.
And then I could then tell him the end.
Oh, there's so much fun.
Here's some good news though for you.
For you, Abra Levine, which Josh hates her like poison.
I do or though.
I mean, I just hate her.
You would be pleased to know that she loves her Spanish fans.
How do you like that?
Mexico City.
And of course it's the Mexican Independence Day today.
So all the Mexicans all the time.
In fact, let's go to Taco Bell just in honor of all this.
I do like Taco Bell a lot.
It's Abra Levine loves her Spanish speaking audiences, but she plans to stick to making music
in English and English.
I probably will sit there and wish I understand the law better.
The 20 year old singer who was born in Canada said before a recent performance at Mexican capitals,
Palacio de los de Porteces.
It's the main language.
A lot of people understood that she said Levine was an Mexico to promote her under my skin album, the follow up to let go.
I didn't expect to sell as many records as I did with my first record, but because of had success,
I think I'll always be around with my music, because I've had success.
Now I have the opportunity to make music for the rest of my life, whatever that means.
Levine said of her Mexican fans, and I think they're awesome.
I played in Monterey and was one of the best crowds I've ever had.
And Viva, and she said Viva Cimón Boulevard, which I don't know what that has to do with it.
She didn't say that.
So Alvaro Levine, she's okay with her Mexican buddies, and that's good.
Okay.
A lot of calls coming in now must be from Greg Reed's, uh, boyfriends, WQIM.
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Got one for your bowl.
Okay.
Fairy.
You fairy.
Okay, fairy.
Maybe he just meant fairy, isn't very, uh, dangerous.
Right.
Or very dangerous, ehl.
All of these things.
WQIM, hello.
Hey Neil, good morning.
Good morning to you.
Uh, I don't know if you noticed any of the pictures from last night, but you don't push his speech.
I didn't want to push his speech.
Well, it was crap anyway.
Aside from all that, he can't even dress himself.
The, uh, he, when he butted in the dress.
He had a dress.
What was that?
Go ahead.
Oh, uh, his shirt was buttoned one off.
Yeah.
He couldn't even dress himself further than that.
They got all the lights on.
How would we blame him?
Probably Condoleezza.
That's probably one of her duties too.
If he's got to pass Patti notes to Condoleezza.
She probably has to like button up her shirts and do all that stuff too.
Well, he's going through some tough times right now.
You're a present and okay.
He's under a lot of, uh, duress.
WQIM, hello.
It's Patti one for the whole.
Okay.
Shmuck.
Hey.
Look, I like that.
Shmuck is good.
What about Puts?
That's P-U-T-Z for the benefit of Josh.
You probably don't know from Puts.
You better start learning your Puts, mister, because you sure don't.
You're never going to be a good golfer like Mo.
So there you go.
Mo.
How do you like that?
You know, that's really interesting.
It's, uh, you know, you, it's like a kid, uh, comes running in.
Some kid that you barely even know and like makes a mess all over and dumps on the floor and,
okay, and then just runs out.
Of course, it hasn't been that quick.
It's been long and laborious and whatever.
But well, in fact, now that we, Hank, did mention that.
And the beast, of course, because the beasties, the one that's probably going to get deep crap for this, um,
can you imagine with some of the people there are some of the people that hang out under Greg's coat tails for a long time.
I'm not going to get into personalities, of course.
Sure I will.
But there have been some people that are like, uh, clingons, you know,
Greg in his inner circle and the people on the fringes of the inner circle,
like Gary Sarner, who's kind of like on the bubble, you know.
He's not on the inner circle per se, but he's like clinging onto it.
The kosher part.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying that a lot of people are probably very nervous about that because if they bring in a new general manager,
uh, it's, uh, how about many bale for general manager?
There you go, George.
Somebody really called it to you.
Right.
We have to start examining the possibilities.
How about Ray Perry, the dolphins now that they're on that other station,
Ray doesn't have a whole lot to do now.
No more.
And speaking of Ray, even though he has nothing to do with this,
where the hell's my Panther tickets Panther organization?
They sure want that money real fast, but I, uh,
I have, as of yesterday, I haven't received no Panther tickets yet from the organization.
Let's get with it there.
My keen and, uh, Jacques Frog, uh, Martin, Jack Martin.
Let's go.
Let's get on top of it.
I think we're going to go over a thousand again today.
Obviously, I miss because they like this poll.
It's a bush poll, what one word?
Yeah.
490.
So we got, it's only 1040.
And we got 500 vote.
Good.
Golly miss Molly.
I think maybe we've turned the corner.
Now that Greg is leaving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Hit it again.
Yeah.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
I'm going to go over a thousand.
There's a song you're reading in Australia.
He's got something and it's pointed at me.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a song.
Oh, no.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
Oh, no.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
Oh, no.
If he shoots that gun, my life is not low.
It's a music that soldiers got.
It's a music and I might get shot.
It's a music that...
The Gaza Strip is like a war zone.
Oh, we've got some sticks and some stones.
It's got the music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
Oh, no.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
Oh, no.
It's a music.
It's a music.
It's a music.
Oh, no.
We've got a run before he shoots and comes.
Oh, it's a music that soldiers got.
It's a music and I might get shot.
It's a music that soldiers got.
Oh, no.
It's a music.
I might get shot.
Well, it's me having a good shot.
I just wasted 40 bucks and I know nothing.
Okay.
It is a good shot.
It is a good shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
And I got shot.
And I got shot.
I just spent 40 bucks and I got shot.
But he has a big grin on his face.
Who now knows what this is all about?
That's just bizarre.
It's really bizarre.
And of course when you do know with him,
whether you're dealing with a pervericator,
a master pervericator like Greg,
who now knows maybe just the publicity stunt.
Or maybe he was just seeing how many people
he could suspend by planting that thing.
How did the beast find something that obscure though?
Maybe he could hit his hands for Greg Reed every day.
Does he really?
Yeah.
Wow.
As violence, death and misery gripped New Orleans
and the surrounding parishes in the days after Hurricane Katrina
leadership vacuum, bureaucratic red tape and defensive culture
paralyzed volunteer's attempts to help.
Doctors eager to help sick and injured evacuees were handed mobs
by federal officials who expressed concern about legal liability.
Even as violence and looting slowed rescues police from other states were turned back
while officials squabbled over who should take charge of restoring the peace.
Warehouses in New Orleans burned while firefighters were diverted to Atlanta
for FEMA training sessions on community relations and sexual harassment.
Water trucks lined with for days at FEMA staging area because the drivers like the proper paperwork.
And it goes on and on.
Dr. Bong-Wee in his stamp evacuated with 300 patients after three hellish days
at Shell Met Medical Center arriving at the New Orleans airport, amazed to see hundreds of sick people.
They offered to help, but the doctor told CNN.
FEMA officials said they were worried about legal liability.
They told us, you know, you can help us by mopping the floor and so they mocked
while people died around them.
I started crying, he recalled.
We felt like we could help and we weren't allowed to do anything.
Steve Simpson, sheriff of Lodon County, Virginia, sent 22 deputies equipped with
food and water to last seven days.
The 14 car caravan, including four all-terrain vehicles, was on the road just three hours
when they were told, turn back.
The reason Simpson told CNN, a Louisiana state police official told him not to come.
I said, what if we just show up? He says you probably won't get in.
Simpson said he later learned to dispute over whether state or federal authorities
would command the law enforcement effort was being ironed out that night.
But no one ever got back to him with the all clear.
Sure, while people are dying there, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean,
about this one's pointing over here and pointing over there.
FEMA halted track detailers hauling water to a supply staging room.
See, I'm thinking more about this red read thing because if
Greg leads, you know, with beesleys without Greg Reeder, like a starving dog without water.
Okay.
Something in there, you know, sell it to one of those Christian broadcasting joint
they just pay everybody off.
Of course, you've got your big contract. I'm sure Josh has gotten it as well.
Huh?
I'm just thinking of it.
I'm just thinking of that.
It's wishful thinking or anything like that.
You understand?
I mean, it's only three years for me.
That hasn't mounted too much.
My contract says I have to pay to work here and if they decide to fire me,
I have to pay to be fired.
What one word best describes George W. Bush?
We're getting a phenomenal response on this.
We got 500.
Look at this.
559 votes.
We might get close to 600 in the first hour.
How do you like that?
That's all because Greg's leaving.
They hate you, Greg.
They never forgave you for for real.
They never forgave you for that.
I mean, Stern, they never heard the Stern show anyway because you know,
it was like a piece of Swiss cheese.
It's just amazing.
The way this guy walks around, everything is a big yacht.
You know, like that.
Which I guess when you got that kind of money and all those expensive suits,
I guess in the crappy haircut, you can afford to do that.
I don't know.
When you see all of the disaster that has laid in the wake,
I mean, it makes Hurricane Katrina almost pale in a wind significance.
Hurricane Greg.
Man, master of disaster.
Dangerous.
That's the word that describes your fearless leader.
Not Greg, Bush.
I'll love both.
Dangerous.
143.
Unqualified.
73.
A-hole.
69.
Moron.
68.
Liar.
39.
Now there's one that kind of like slaps over.
A lot of Liars running around.
Smirking.
Leader.
35.
Nincompoop.
Look how many people said nincompoop.
But third, man.
Bozo.
I wasn't even going to put it on there because I wasn't sure I could spell it right,
but it's one of those words when you start writing it out.
It's kind of like writing out, I got to take a leak, you know.
Bozo 15.
Thief.
13.
Fool.
Fool.
Butch retain.
Dedicated 10.
How about dedicated butcher?
He's doing a hell of a job.
Dumbbell 9.
Brilliant 9.
Steadfast 8.
Hypocrite 8.
Honorable 7.
Schmuck 2.
Perishmuck.
Schmuck with a pair.
Puts 2.
Coward 1.
And Fairy.
None.
Oh.
Nobody ever told the president.
You Fairy yet.
571 votes.
Maybe Miss Drudge will call up his good friend George W.
You Fairy.
Or maybe it'll be the other way around.
Let's say evil.
Oh, I got it.
Thank you.
Evil Doer.
All right.
Because somebody faxed and said I'll vote on the birth pole when you add evil to the list.
Also would vote for Hitler wannabe.
Well, that's two words.
Evil Doer.
All one word.
Here's a fax from bat who says there's a movie out called Control Room.
A movie out movie.
I think movie he made it.
Yeah.
Thinking about Greg again.
There's a movie out called Control Room that's getting no media attention.
It's got me pissed off and fired up.
It's a documentary about the Al Jazeera news network during the start.
And they suppose it ended the Iraq war.
The movie goes a long way to debunk Rumsfeld's assertion that the networks are all fanatics.
Plus for George, there's a woman Al Jazeera producer who gets kind of hot.
By the end of the movie.
She starts out kind of like Luke Warren by the end of the movie.
Please check it out with a quick Google of Control Room.
Thank you.
We're Google and Greg Reed leaving in the industry and queer street and stuff like that.
And Eric says they probably emailed you a password.
So check that out.
Oh, I see.
Because Rick Weaver told us that Greg and he was on queer street right now.
That really had got to thank good this morning.
He knew that one was coming.
Well, he knows my sick mind.
Okay.
So I got to check my email.
20 said.
Okay.
But you were just a little too or something while we're.
I know you want to leave me.
But I'll be damned as a message on here.
If I am a baby, go to your sympathy.
I don't mind.
But you mean that much to me.
And you're about to be.
I know.
So it's all well and good.
It's a receipt for my subscription.
Which I don't want any part of that crap.
But it's just his email address.
It's just email address.
Well, I click on my email address, but that's not going to do any good.
Because then it's just going to go, yeah, like I'm supposed to send myself an email.
Like you puss, you schmuck, you idiot.
You just wasted 40 bucks.
Thanks a lot, Beast.
That was too crazy about him.
You know, not going to understand why Joe didn't want him on the show.
It was a for real.
Oh, both.
Yeah, I don't get it.
If you need to get in touch with us about your order, simply send an email message to.
Well, I don't have time for all of this.
But it's awfully, you see, that's not a good start for them.
It's very awkward.
Because if you're going to have to have like a password, when you, when you fill the thing out
to get their inside radio thing, you should register it, shouldn't you?
Along with your email, right?
Well, you didn't ask me to do that.
And then when I try to get on there, they, well, what's your email?
And your password, what password do you idiots?
You lunatics.
You maniacs.
So we're supposed to believe some stupid ass story that they put on there about great read-leaving.
Now, it also, it seems to me, because my mind is kind of cloudy on these things.
They're great not that long ago, just about the time that I resigned, that I reupped,
not this last time, but before that.
It seemed like a five-year extension or four, something like that, three or whatever was, whatever was.
So if he would be leaving at the end of the year, that would be before his deal is up.
So they would probably get fired.
Not that they would ever fire him, of course.
If they didn't fire him after what he pulled with my last contract extension, they'd never fire him.
Or with Howard.
Or with both Howard.
Or with Farrell.
All that stuff.
And with Joe Rose.
So who now knows?
And of course, we just can't get a hold of it.
So as far as I'm concerned, it's just one of those mysteries.
He's probably behind it.
Because very well talked him anymore, and other barriers got his head up, 790s ass.
In fact, the Harold's got their head so far up there that they even got an extra story in here about how the Coaches show.
And Sabin is on 790 across the street.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
I'll tell you one thing about that coach, Sabin, man.
He ain't no stew gods.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Oh, and there goes the audio ball.
Oh, no, that's always joking.
Yeah.
Is that just a joke?
Hey, we got one in.
Oh, no, that's not a joke.
Please send us your email address, and we'll email you a password.
And that didn't work out for you.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
That's your answer.
And then it says, still, the email address that you just said was not found.
Please try it again.
Well, that's my email address.
That's the one that I put on.
You know what?
Take this damn emerald street and stick away to Mundo and shine.
Well, maybe you just have to wait a second for it to load or something.
No, it just said that it's not found.
So no matter what you put on there, I think it's a scam.
I don't think there is any emerald street.
Maybe there's an emerald street.
It just robbed you for 40 bucks.
Yeah, 40 bucks.
I want that money.
I'm going to get it from the beast.
Peace or craft.
So what do we do now?
The audio ball cracked out.
No wonder it might be getting in here.
Wait, just hold on one second.
You're working on it?
I'll be back up here.
Let's try it.
Let's try it.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Wap Wap Wap Wap Wap Wap
Make sure you play.
D-D-D, D-D-D-D or any questions?
Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown.
Accountable for everybody, Brown and Brown,
that's a human being.
I'll am a big disappointment, but I got a Brown knows.
And I know where to point him.
There was no rush to get him safe.
They don't vote for public in anyway.
I did everything.
I possibly can.
This sure might as a call for the good luck plan.
Oh what a job I had as a wrector of fever.
When I'm much more than a wiserly schemer
and a glueist son of a bitch.
It just digs round nose in the ridge.
It just digs round nose in the ridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone.
With W. Sirnd I did one heck of a job.
Manage your pays on to be a grown man.
And another white maize.
The Christian, following the National Guard is down there now.
With orders just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is page-cheap pain.
Over her a pain gave us that they be seen.
For the Eoconsumcial engineering
we like a giant republic in Swingy.
Jesus for the Our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for the Our Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we are like.
It serves the right to have less blacks
and you descend to say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have it black.
In the first place this is no time to blame.
They'll blame me since we know that
every king's are caused by kings
who are not the right God of all-monger.
Like Scottie McLean and Carlis Rowe,
all we're achieving in the American Lightning Dream.
You make everybody white like me
and the ignorance of a bitch.
Who gets his job from Wilson O'Rourke,
who how I risked him not to go crazy and horses.
I'd rather you than just watch floating horses.
I'm a negligent bird over now.
And I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
I'm a negligent bird over now.
But I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
Welcome.
11 on 3 at 5.60 WQM where we have all sorts of technical problems
and screw ups and etc.
But keep in mind, don't listen to that other station.
Listen to us.
We're the real station.
Do you believe us?
No.
Yeah, we are.
We're the real sports station.
We've got our heads so far up the Dolphins ants
that are coming out of their ears.
Anyway, I just really discussed it.
I sent them a costic response to their email at M-
whatever this is, M Street.
Yeah.
And I'm waiting that they had me register
and I wasted 40 bucks and I gave them a credit card in the audit.
I mean, is it really worth 40 bucks to find out if Greg Reed
is really leaving or not?
I mean, you couldn't get a straight answer in that building anyway.
You got exactly what I expected.
Then there's a smart ass.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know like that.
But I mean, where their smoke is gotta be fired,
where does the headline is gotta be a story somewhere, right?
I just don't see anybody really working feverously
to try to get to the bottom of this.
Now that Hank and the beast are trying to decede
and we're just, we're not just usually having our
great success finding this name.
I can't and neither can Eric find anything else on it.
Yeah.
But why not?
Eric, he can afford it.
I just sent you a check out yesterday for that bandwidth.
Okay.
I should have put next to your 40 bucks on it.
Damn it.
He can't even get the same results that we are when we do the Google.
Well, no, if you go on in the Alexa tool bar
and they do a Alexa search, you'll come up with that one.
And I got the same headline that you did.
It's kinda funny though, but I don't think most people
realize that, but if you Google it on your computer there,
even though we're using the same search engine,
it's different.
It's still ain't really the same for some reason.
Well, I mean because I'm in Canada, eh?
Maybe they don't know Greg Read in Canada.
Maybe that's why they're all walking around with a smile on their face.
They seem so happy, eh?
Yeah.
How's it going, eh?
Oh, we never heard a Greg Read.
5670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless lines.
And joined QAM in the heat to Udonas,
Haslam today from 2 to 4 this afternoon for the grand opening of the Verizon Wireless
at 100 South-Biske in Voterbarton, downtown Miami.
That's 2 to 4.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from the Atlantic City Sub's
with QAM and Udonas, Haslam.
And we're not the heat station, by the way.
I just thought I would mention that.
All right. That's W-I-O-D.
W-I-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Wayne Arnold is up to 754 eggs and toast.
Yeah, right.
Wayne Arnold is the eggs and toast.
That's cute.
We never did find out what the hell really happened.
No, we didn't call it a fire.
Right, they had a fire.
Yeah, somebody better call us in and tell us what's really going on there.
It's a post of this jackass who thinks he's a comedian.
What time's yours, your lunch, Buck?
5670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless line.
W-I-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I haven't heard many people use this term,
but you've coined quizzing for Javier.
I mean, I think that fits perfectly.
Okay.
Neil, are you up there?
How did you, are you want to work for him in up there in Canada?
I don't work in Canada.
What are you talking about?
To be able to have residents up there, you have to, I mean,
do you have to for every status or how are you pulling that off?
How are you pulling one off?
Anybody can come here as long as you don't stay more than 180 consecutive days.
You can come here and do whatever you want.
So you got 180 days and then you can take a trip and come back, huh?
Well, I don't, I've never stayed here more than six months.
I mean, I'm in Europe.
I'm in Miami.
I'm all over the place.
I'm here.
I'm everywhere.
You coming back for the home opener, Neil?
Good luck, you belly.
Yeah, right.
Right.
We love that path.
I can't even get into the semi-datin tickets down there.
You might come home for the home opener.
Yeah.
Hold your breath.
They just don't understand.
I've written that place off.
You know, I just, who else wants it?
If you have a choice.
Yeah, how the hell are you pulling off such that you have a work permit?
I don't work in Canada.
I don't get paid no Canadian wages.
All I want to tell you one thing is you're paying plenty of tax.
You got your GST, your PST, your DDT, and you know, I think it's all fun and games.
How's it going?
And by the way, it'll be like 10 bucks more than you thought it was because we got 10 different kinds of taxes on it.
640 votes.
You've got to be Schmidt and me, Mr.
What the hell is going on here today?
I think the audience came back yesterday when they finally realized George was out sick.
Actually, it wasn't sick.
Well, I am now though.
Well, I don't blame me.
I'm starting to get there too after all this great read business just here in that name.
And then finding out that he came in there and gave it a little smirkle.
You know, that wise-ass thing.
If it's in there, then it must be true.
Maybe they're having a parting of the ways or maybe he's playing like some playing a C there,
playing some kind of a psych game with the abesley crowd.
Maybe that's it, possible.
Yeah, wouldn't surprise me.
He's got to pursue ownership of possibilities.
Right.
God help those people, whoever that might be.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Gally.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you got a couple for your phone.
Okay.
In Mara, Idiotic, Inbicylic, if that's a word, and Bumbling.
Okay, that sounds like four.
Okay, good enough.
Thanks.
Bumbling, sir.
Inbicylic is a word, IMBECI-LIC.
Inbicylic, that's a word.
Okay.
Bill Clinton brings together heads of state and activists.
He's a guy, even though he, I just, I get real nervous when I see him with it.
Pop a bush.
Yeah.
See the two of them together.
I mean, they're doing good stuff, but I just, I just don't like the way he's sucking up to the old man.
I can't handle it.
But nevertheless, he's doing good stuff, Baba.
He could just go off and enjoy all of that money and hang out with Monica's girlfriends,
but no.
An initiative led by former president Clinton, the tackled poverty climate change in other worldwide issues,
is launching with a gathering of political leaders and activists who are promising the pitch in
and must put those pledges in writing.
Participants who fall short cannot come back next year, says Jay Carson,
spokesman for the Clinton Global Initiative.
Among the 800 expected at Manhattan Hotel for three-day event, our British Prime Minister Tony Blair,
Secretary of State, Kamalese, the rice,
U.N. Secretary General Kofi Ann and Clinton himself.
This conference isn't about talking to about action, Carson, said,
Clinton's been very clear that if people aren't here to make a difference,
then get lost through at the wrong conference.
Some commitments have already been lined up, including establishment of a $100 million foundation to fight poverty.
Others will come out of the meeting, Carson, said.
Clinton's wife, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, speaking on a panel.
Other notable include financier George Soros, media chiefs, Rupert Murdoch and Richard Parsons.
Many participants are already in the city for a summit marking the well we know about the U.N.
thinking about the President's medical party.
Mingling with him will be representatives from non-governmental organizations in the business community,
among the topics, clean energy and how to finance it, battling poverty and Islam and the West.
Admission is an expensive ticket.
Some attend these paying 15 grand to attend.
The fee was waived for others, but the key is the promise of action, Carson, said.
President Clinton has attended a number of other conferences and feels that they play a critical role
in terms of getting people to get and discussing important issues.
But if he feels we reach the time where it's not enough to just talk about the issues,
we're going to start doing something.
The initiative staff will track whether contracts are fulfilled.
And if not, get out. You're done. Get out of here.
So how is the Eric working on this thing?
Are we, uh, so I check and see if I got an email back?
Go ahead.
I doubt it.
Because ordinarily when you ask a question like that, because this magazine to me,
no wonder I never heard of it.
I mean, if I were to write this in radio and records or FMQB or something else,
I'd say, oh yeah.
Oh, well, this place they do have a newsletter.
In fact, inside radio, we used to get that.
We used to.
Right?
That's the thing I'm trying to get now is my inside radio and I can't get the damn thing.
So let me click on my email here.
Just one moment please.
And see if I got a man.
Now I got nothing on there. See? Nothing.
So we could see it and keep checking us all day long.
This waste a lot of everybody's time.
And that's probably what we'll do.
560-0560, pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
We're going to have like, we're going to have 1000 votes by the end of this hour,
the way this is going.
All right?
Well, I think I finally touched a runner, especially after that brilliant speech last night,
called political posturing, called trying to cover your ass, trying desperately.
You know, all the approval ratings are 40% some polls, they're 38, 39%.
You've got to get out there and, you know, look like a leader.
Now I see his face and I think to myself, FMQB, that's what the Chinese say.
That's where a leader just really said.
Alfred Newman, by the way, may sue his ass, that impersonation?
Yes.
I really, really he's bad for an image, I would think.
For 1 minutes after 11 at 560, let's take a look at that schedule, boys and girls.
We got the momyster.
2 o'clock, mad dog at 4.
Mad dog's back today.
Thank God for that.
Just in time for that big, go football weekend.
And the real pre-game show this Sunday, the real one, as opposed to Airsoft's Rhymes with Stugots.
Marlins on deck 7 o'clock tonight, Philly's in a Marlins series of the year.
Kind of a rough outgoing air in Houston, man.
The last two really, they kind of undid all the good that they did.
Yeah, it's both a series.
Yeah, but not good.
They had moved ahead.
In fact, it was a four game of swing.
If they would have one swept a series, they could have gone like, um, obviously three and a half ahead.
Instead, they were happy behind it as far as Houston's concerned anyway.
But they can take care of the Philly's this weekend.
The big game is tonight.
I bet you don't call Spits in the night.
No.
Tomorrow night.
Yes.
Oh, who's pitching tonight?
Brian Molar.
Oh.
And then any K after the game.
Wow, my teeth are staring to ache.
11, 13, a QA.
And when was the last time you really indulged yourself weeks ago, months ago, even longer?
Well, Dallamaecris and Certa wants you to indulge yourself every night, Greg, with Certa's perfect night, Matt McRisline.
Right now, when you call 1-800-MAC, you can save up to nine hundred bucks off the Dallamaecris factory direct prices.
The perfect night features service highest-quil accounts, finest-quilting, and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort.
The service sales for a limited time, and you're going to save up all sizes and comfort levels, while supplies last.
Just call 1-800-MAC, and get delivered with them.
And any tour window that's convenient for you, tell them when to show up.
You pick that tour window like 11-1, noon to 2, 3, or 5, whatever, and they show up.
In fact, the chances are they have the mattress you're hoping for when the size and comfort level you want, ready for same day delivery right now.
Dallamaecris ranked number one in the world. I've used them for years as his George and Moe and Miguel.
And even Fat Boy is sleeping on a huge one.
And we had a lot of other folks at QM2, our satisfied customers and our guarantee.
If you get off your ass and make that call, you will be two.
Don't put it off another minute. Replace that lumpy, bumpy, worn out mattress and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come.
Call 1-800-MAC, right now, or log onto mattress.com.
Call today, be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MAC, M-A-T-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last one, because it stands for Stu Pandas Saving.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-62-A-S.
But there it goes again. I'll be there. And I was wondering. I thought maybe it was just a spot that started out a little bit kind of low audio like, you know?
Well, that's great.
I got a response from my M-screen, by the way, as the Gregory Horsley continues.
Thank you for ordering inside radio. Here's a copy of today's inside radio.
Hello, baby. I have a permission to start.
Oh, I met you, wondering how I'd do. My throat is heavy, and it's a bit of blue.
The dramatic voice you know before. Replace it to where my time is, you know? I love your voice.
So there's a... I think we might have it here. Oh, okay. That's right.
Oh, my God. Okay. I could offer it in the middle before she could reach the handle.
Wait, you know what? The inside radio thing.
Yeah. I don't think there's any difference on what's on there on the main page. This isn't it.
Here's the Arbitrans for Honoludal in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
All right.
In every Monday morning, I'm going to just fax the newsletter. Isn't that great?
It's too bad. What does that have to do with this particular article?
Nothing.
Oh, here at WHTQ, 96, where in hell is that? Orlando. You're looking for a sales hole.
There's a job for your Berkeley because you sure ain't cutting that here.
I don't see it. It's not on this page. This is not where it's found.
Okay. Although this isn't what I paid for. I want you to understand that. I don't think.
Maybe it was. I don't know.
The Univision C.O.L. Ray Rodriguez is there proof that cross-promotion works. You don't know him.
One of your people. Oh, yeah.
Talk with us during the NAB radio show. And that's always very productive.
So what are we going to do about those spots?
Price is almost time for the next break.
I can try it again. Give it a shot. Smack it. There we go.
Hey, you bastard.
The worst place they are the best of my health. The worst place they're the worst of my life.
The worst place we've ever seen. It's not fair.
So right when you want to project it from ourselves.
You've got to watch what you say you better or else.
You're the best. You're the best. The worst place they are the best.
I hear my honor unit dismissed.
I'm not interested in getting scores, Black women.
But the power has given me and our Lord God push the federal education commission.
As I'm from, say no time for hours.
They want the best of my life.
The worst place they are the worst of my life.
The worst place they are the worst of my life.
The worst place they are the worst of my life.
Okay, I love it.
I'm getting a real work on this on the internet right now.
I'm getting really, really tired of it.
As much as I promoted it and I like it because you don't get all that spam and crap.
Firefox is giving me just an aggregate.
I'm just going to aggravate it.
They just create a lot of problems for you.
I don't want to go through it.
I'm saying that I'm sick and tired of all.
We just prevented a pop-up.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
I'm just going to go through it.
You make me sick.
You make me want to barf Irene.
Here's a very important story.
I want to read too many stories, though, because Miguel will turn on us like a rat.
Don't do that.
A Pentagon employee was ordered to destroy documents that identified Mohammed Ata as a terrorist.
Two years before the 2001 attacks of congressmen said yesterday,
the employee is prepared to testify next week before the Senate Judiciary Committee,
and was expected to identify the person who ordered him to destroy the large volume of documents,
said representative Kurt Weldon, Republican of Pennsylvania,
Weldon declined to identify the employee citing confidentiality matters,
Weldon described the documents as two and a half terabytes,
as much as a fourth of all the printed materials and the Library of Congress he added.
2.5 terabytes.
A lot of bytes.
Yeah.
The Senate Judiciary Committee said the witnesses for the hearing had been finalized,
couldn't confirm Weldon's comments, hearing his next Wednesday.
Army Major Sergeant Paul Sorgoth, Swearoth's,
a Pentagon spokesman said officials have been fact-binding and earnest for quite some time.
We've interviewed 80 people with abled danger,
combed through hundreds of thousands of documents and millions of emails,
and still found no documentation of what Mohammed Ata said.
He added that certain data had to be destroyed,
and accordance with existing regulations regarding intelligence data on U.S. persons.
Weldon has said that Ata, the mastermind of the 9-11 attacks
and three other hijackers were identified in 1999 by a classified military intelligence unit known as Abledanger,
which determined they could be members of the Al-Qaeda Cell.
On Wednesday, former members of the 9-11 Commission dismissed the abledanger assertions,
one commissioner, except under state Gordon, Republican, and Washington said,
bluntly, it just didn't happen, that's the conclusion of all 10 of us.
Weldon responded angrily to Gordon's assertions,
although we do like the Gordon Fisherman.
It's absolutely unbelievable.
That a commissioner would say that this program didn't exist well then said,
Pentagon officials said this month they found three more people were calling intelligence,
chart identifying Ata as a terrorist prior to the 9-11 attacks,
two military officers, Army Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Schaefer,
and Navy Captain Scott Philpott have come forward to support Weldon's claim.
How do you like that?
It's just part of the big ass cover-up, more incompetent, more ineptitude.
They had their thumb right on his ass and some of the other ragheads too,
and they just let him slip away as Clarence Carter would say.
How do you like that?
I hesitate to keep taking these breaks because God only knows
even as serious doubts of this crappy Q&A equipment,
but whenever you do, Greg, be sure to get that audio vault, it's the best piece going.
This is new Roger.
This is 5.62 AF.
I've got another obsession to break.
No way to choose.
On Monday night, I will come home late.
Wednesday.
Football season begins.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
Q.
27th of November.
The President declared today a day of national prayer and remembrance.
I remember.
760 votes about your president.
If you had one word to describe George W. Bush, dangerous 176.
A lot of dead people would say that if they could.
Unqualified 90, A-hole 88, or is that 8-hole?
Leader 86, Moron 81, Liar 43, Nincompoop 33, Boso 19,
Foul 15, Fief 14, now we get to the good stuff.
Brilliant 13.
I got news for him.
If he's brilliant, I'm a rocket scientist.
I'm a genius.
If he's brilliant, if that's the standard by which we define brilliance.
Dedicated 12, dumbbell 11, butcher 11, evil 2 or 10, puts 10, honorable 9.
Well, you can be an honorable evil 2 or steadfast 9, hymnephycrid 9,
embecilic 8, schmuck 7, quizzling spelled wrong, 5,
ferry 2 and coward 1, out of 772.
772, not even noon yet.
How do you like that?
Boys and girls.
Suddenly, and of course they're getting sidetracked in the middle of anything.
Boy, you know, you can always tell when somebody is fishing around.
I like to show a lot, but people that are on a fishing expedition,
go stick your pole somewhere else, okay?
Go drop your hook in somebody else's hole.
Well, they probably think it's winter time up here already.
Oh, here's inside radio.
Now, how did I get this? Did you send this to me?
No.
I heard your facts machine beeping though.
Well, I just sent them the facts number to facts this to,
and I guess now they're not wasting any time because they're...
See, I'm using my real name, so they have no idea that it's Neo Rogers,
I'm WQM, that's gonna rip you people an ass.
Then they'd really hop to.
Well, we used to get this a QA, remember Tom Taylor inside radio?
This is like a real thing.
Yeah.
This is...
Well, guess this isn't make believe.
So what I should probably do is give you this number,
because he's got a number, Tom Taylor,
and you can call him up and tell him that we're calling from the Neo Rogers show.
We're curious about where we find more information about the Great Read Story.
Facts it, there.
Should I fact you that number?
Yes.
Or I can just give it through the intercom.
That will go on here.
Well, if you close your mic.
Everybody's mic's closed.
I'll close mine.
All right.
Got it?
Got it.
Okay.
Now, call them up, see what you get.
I don't know where 609 is.
I have no idea where that area code is.
Probably in over there.
The Yenem's Veld.
What?
It's over Yonder.
Look at this.
So here's all the inside radio stuff, which is exactly the same stuff that you read for free when you go to industry.
I mean, what's the big deal with this?
Well, apparently not for free.
I just don't get it.
But I don't see anything about Great Read on it.
Let's move on this as this, and Terry Bond,
Rondouble or Radio Buys of this, and this one buys that, and the Yadi-adi-adi.
People move.
Here you go.
People move.
Is it under there?
No, no.
Oh, there's more to it.
Oh, no.
Please don't come in.
It's going to waste all my facts, paper with this stuff about the ratings for Fredericksburg, Virginia, and Hampton's Riverhead, New York, and Honolulu, Hawaii.
Oh, please.
Cracker, please.
You ought to go in there just to find a beast and just whip him with it.
Take that big machini.
Well, that wouldn't get...
They wouldn't go into the bathroom a lot during the show, and I haven't seen anybody out there in the hallways.
Really?
It must be torturing him.
They must be...
They've got it in the dungeon.
Good.
No, I don't broadcast into here.
ABC radio station is looking for a broadcast engineer with a good sense of humor, Fixit.
I was thinking about him yesterday.
I saw a guy on television.
I don't know what this story was.
One of these people who goes out of his way to make himself look silly.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah, I have to.
I work here.
No, but you know what I'm saying.
People who go out of their way, they have certain kind of glasses they wear, and they have like kind of a pretty little must-a.
Kind of like who's the guy that used to do the movie reviews on him?
In Gene's Shallad.
Right?
Like that.
That's character, don't you know?
Or like Rift Taylor.
People like go out of their way to make themselves look silly.
Freaky Deaky.
And I started thinking about Fixit.
Good news?
Yes.
I'm having someone email me the story right now.
Really?
That's right.
I heard a little bit of it.
You know what I heard?
I called the guy who picked up as a big fan of the show.
He's listened.
And he's...
And he's...
He's...
He just tried radio loves this show.
He's in the radio.
He had the story yesterday.
They're emailing it to me right now.
Oh.
I am.
What a job.
That's here at the Josh Corridor.
Of course there's nothing to do with you.
It's the hard work I did online here.
That's right.
I want to apologize.
I really been ignoring this show today.
But this is more important than the show.
It's just one day.
You know, we're on every thinking day.
And talking about they eat this stuff up with like a big spoon.
Oh, I know that.
But I haven't been really paying as much attention to that.
In fact, I just been playing music and, you know.
But that was primarily when I was playing the audio ball.
Keeps clapping.
I heard a lot of it this week.
I sure love Joan Osmur.
Wasn't she great?
I showed you.
She was spectacular.
Everything you said was on the money.
Absolutely.
And I was getting ready to argue with you about Shaka Khan.
Because I like that other song.
She was brutal.
She put her in that song.
I mean, you know, she's got a couple of good things in her time.
But to put her in there with these other great people with Bootsie Collins and Gerald Levert
and Ben Harper and Joan Osmur.
She got to be in death row for that.
She didn't have to butch for it.
That fit.
She doesn't have a good voice.
But she was like, yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
That's exactly what it is.
That's exactly what it is.
I don't know how you know for her to jump off of his while I'm thinking.
Wait, he's in German.
It's time to give it up.
Yeah, give it up.
Give up the last call.
Oh, big, big news.
It's unsung musical heroes.
The drum section.
Oh, I don't want to hear all of that.
He's on this verse.
Hey, Shaka.
Shaka.
Nice to Shaka and Gerald Levert.
He's Shaka.
Sorry.
Yeah, is everyone in the list?
Yeah.
So, Shaka, you're standing there.
She's doing like a macy gray on that.
I can't understand her words.
She's saying scootin' and skatin' and shubi-dubdu-dub.
So, what did they say, Josh?
This is really interesting crap.
The guy who actually answered the phone, I said, you know, on the producer of the Neil Roger show.
I said there was an article posted and before I was even done, he interrupted me.
Yeah.
You know, yeah, they agreed.
You know, we posted it yesterday and I said, oh, well, we can't find it and he's like, okay, I'll send it to you.
So, I could have saved the 40 bucks.
Well, I just can't cancel it.
Actually, no, seriously, I'm going to continue getting this.
I'd like to get inside radio.
If only we might have an idea what the hell is going on in the business since all these people in a side-art building just lied.
In fact, most of the people we got in the dark anyway, without Johnny, like Muff and Clarence.
Oh, wouldn't it be the first thing that the new GM does is make Clarence back into a board-op?
Wouldn't it be good?
Thank you so much.
All the time I was listening to the TV.
He can still hang out and some of those, you know, hurricane games, you know, with the beast and his buddy, his idol, Joe Zagaki.
I got a headache.
Now, are you faxing it? Have you got it yet?
He's checking it right now.
Oh, or his emailing it to you is what you said.
Oh, my God. I'm getting a migraine headache, which I never get headaches, but I'm getting my head is just pounding for excitement.
So, I enjoy the club.
19 till noon at 5.60 WQM, where Greg is leaving.
Let's have a big party for Greg.
I'll come back for that.
Not.
Hey, all you racing and poker fans, competent park is hosting a hurricane-contrene relief night.
This Saturday, September 17. Sounds like tomorrow.
Volunteering donations will be accepted at all admission gates.
Come help those who have lost so much.
Please consider bringing any drier canned goods, toilet items, bleach, baby food or diapers.
Cash or a check is great too.
Checks can be made out to the Isle of Capri team member hurricane relief fund.
Just if you want to leave it blank, they'll tell you how to make them out when you go there.
That's tomorrow night Saturday, September 17.
Hurricane-contrene relief night at Pompano Park Racing and Poker.
If they tell you to make the check out to Dick Feinberg, I'd think about it twice.
And best of all, both admission and parking are free at Pompano Park.
The race track is open for live racing and poker every Wednesday, Friday, like today, and the Saturdays too.
Posttime is 7.25 in the PM.
Poker room is open from noon to midnight with tournaments every day.
And of course, like always, cymbal casting every single day is 7 days a week from noon till 1 o'clock in the morning.
And every Wednesday is dollar and might continue at Pompano Park.
Free admission, free parking. It's all waiting for you at Pompano Park.
A block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the current racing schedule, go online at 9.5 at the way.
And you'll find out at 9.5 at Pompano Park.com or call 9.5 for 9.7 to 2.000.
Don't forget posttime tonight at Pompano Park 7.25 in the PM.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 a.m.
So this stuff I was going to play, I don't have time for that.
Alright. Because while we got the A thing from your stays inside radio, thanks Tom Taylor.
Tom's probably listening online right now. They do love this show, by the way.
20-year-mime, General Manager Greg Reed says he'll leave at the end of the year and pursue ownership.
How come we know this? And it was in yesterday's inside radio.
This is Wednesday, September 14. And Duff don't seem to know anything about it.
Maybe Duff is just holding back information from us.
Clarence didn't make an appearance into this morning, right?
No.
Maddie Bell didn't come in here and kiss you on the lips.
They're ready to come in here and say, hey, did Neil get his Panther tickets in the organization yet?
I want to make sure about that. No, none of these people came in.
SCRUINED Didn't call from home and say, hey, Roy is over here now hanging it out.
He's easily even longer than that, but Greg's contract is up in December.
And he's got the itch to try his handed ownership.
He won't be the only manager chasing that personal reminers plenty of money, both equity and debt around.
The problem is finding deals that are in affordable multiple, and as many would be owners who remind us,
Wall Street would rather finance a bigger deal than a smaller one.
They want a bigger one, Greg, not a smaller one, believe me from what I've heard.
You're just not up to the task. They want a bigger one.
I'm already in the next hour. That's how far ahead of myself I am.
That's how screwed up this day has been.
I'm ready to throw away the last page of the log. There's no live spot on there.
I can't hear anything anyway, so it's all good.
Yeah, they're in. This is like an out of body experience.
I told you that this morning. I just I'm not my sign.
This is you want to know why because we had a big change in the weather.
It's like cloudy and raining now. Oh, let's go to go away tomorrow.
But it is not. Oh, Gene, I just went off a bubble. We don't want to do that.
No particular surprise. You're not there. You're not a bubble back.
You want a bubble back? Come on. Get out of there. You can up.
I believe that there should be some reorganization there.
Should be not be part of national security.
You know, I'm biased. I like it to wait was.
I think the most important thing is we probably should have some sort of requirement
that anybody has the job has prior experience in the world.
Now you're getting carried away, Baba. Somebody even qualified to do the job as opposed to just being in the international or maybe in the horse foundation.
Come on. Get with it.
We want it back. We want Baba back, baby. Now.
Trying to relieve effort. We want him now.
Anyway, he's not Larry King tonight. I might actually watch a couple of minutes of that. I doubt it though.
I'm going to read this again. Okay. Because here you get this exclusively right here on this show.
So now we can't allow the hopper to get suspended or even to be because it's a news story.
Of course, it was the last one, but it wasn't in print. I guess 20-year-general manager, Miami GM, Greg Reads,
has he'll leave at the years ended pursue ownership. Greg has managed power 96 since 85.
He also oversort his sportswear and that's the way he can.
You're right. Like an afterthought.
He worked for his work for owner George Beasley even longer than that.
The Greg's contract is a see what I think this is. You know what it is.
He planted this to put the squeeze on the Beasley's. That's all. He's squeezing the bees.
But Greg's contract is up in December. He's got the it's to try his hand at ownership.
Maybe the bees is maybe that's why he's got the it's maybe got stung.
Now you got stung a few times in the last four years. I'll tell you that. Stung himself.
He went and then it goes on about other managers, etc. But that's the important part.
Greg is leaving at the years end to pursue ownership. And like I said, now maybe it's true.
Of course, anything he says it's unlikely that it's true, but it's possible.
More likely this is just a little tactic on his part. Call up his buddy Tom Taylor and say,
put a thing in here. I'm thinking about leaving. See if I can squeeze a little more of the beesleys.
Just through like I said at that point, I would think that the beesleys would say,
we've had enough of this. We can't operate that place without Greg.
We're going to sell the Pat Robertson and put the some religious crap on those stations.
And of course they'd have to pay all of us off. All of you on.
I'm talking about us with contracts. So you've got a contract.
I wasn't joking what it says. All for them. The contract is all for them. Nothing for me.
That sounds like the three musketeers all how that go. If they fire me, I got to pay them.
That's artinian and Artemis and Artemis and Jim.
857 votes on a poll so far on the bush.
That is just sensational. 56670560.
So now we have to decide who the next general manager is going to be at WQAM.
Or who's going to be excuse me? Who's going to oversee WQAM?
Who's going to be our overseer? Right. Who's going to be the seer? Maybe Mickey Dane could be the seer.
Think? Who's going to be your sucker? Preciant.
I'm thinking like Maddie Bell or is it kind of corporation suckle? I mean suck up. I mean guy.
That probably then. Of course he's one of Greg's buddies. So he'd have to move a step right on out.
First act would be like to a spear your head and head.
Maybe the manager that Greg would take his crew with him wouldn't you?
Well that's true. He would take all those tagalongs with him, all those klingons.
So that would mean the water Nazi and maybe Gary Sarner. If Gary speaks nice and does need trief.
Ray Perry. I don't think Ray. Ray's not. Ray's not on the way out.
They're going to do well. They're going to feel cost in him.
And certainly Maddie Bell. So there you go. They're the little inner circle. They'll all be on the way out.
That means maybe the sales manager that likes us so much. Maybe he'll be the new GM.
Whatever his name is. Curtis. What is his name? Curtis Lee. What?
Exactly. He is strange. Oh I say one thing man. The sales department they are really doing it.
That Berkeley. You only hope we got in the sales department is the new guys Billy and Jay and whoever else.
So we don't know what their names are yet. See they haven't been totally destroyed yet.
Although we hear rumblings that they're starting to know their minds.
A mind is a terrible thing to ruin. That says that right on the front door of the sales office.
A QA. A mind is a terrible thing to destroy. Just to take just destroy the will of sites like the Chinese didn't.
The Chinese torture treatment. WQ I am. Hello.
How are you doing here?
Okay sir. One day you mentioned about putting an ad on you.
Today, but you're showing us to that bonus of the George need to go all out.
You're showing us to get on nationwide.
Now, you know, I mean everybody got to listen to it.
Yeah. It was the best. Okay. I'm not trying to talk up to you.
I agree with you man. You're not your target speaking the power.
Yeah. Put it out on the IP. You put it out on the US today and make it make your show known to everybody.
Make it big. Well, I'm trying to make it big, but it ain't been working for a long time.
5.6705.60.5.60.
And the Verizon singular wireless line. So Greg Reed is leaving at the end of the year.
So he tells inside radio yesterday.
Now it's a pretty sad ass comment. That's why we couldn't find it because it's yesterday's news.
And you would think that it would be all over the place.
You would think that if Tom jicka.
Aha. Here we go. Little Tommy.
If you'd know it less about Chinese stupid phony letters in your Sunday TV book that you're right six weeks ahead of time.
And if you're really on top of what's happening in radio in the market.
See, or how about Barry Jackass? This was Friday morning.
And I read both Jim Sarni, that big tub of crap. I read his column.
And I read Barry Jackass. And I didn't read anything. Anything about Greg Reed leaving.
See, that's what happens very when you don't talk with your buddy anymore.
Okay. You're on the out. So you don't get to scoop. You don't get to the heavy duty news.
Nobody cares about that other swill that you wrote in there about ESPN is doing this.
And this one nobody cares about that.
If they want to know that Greg Reed may be leaving the market to pursue management opportunities.
And I'm sure that all of us are just aching to go right along with him.
Aren't we? No. Come on. It's fun to George. Oh, yeah.
I know who might go with him.
Oh, he doesn't like him either.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. What's going on?
How you doing, pal? I didn't say anything. And this guy knew he was there already. Very good.
I heard the echo. Good.
Hey, I'm the guy that called up and said you should replace all bad words with Joyce's name.
Yeah. So I just want to call my buddy Steve with Joyce.
Okay. That's it.
Okay. Although thinking about that right at lunch time is not a pleasant thing.
Thanks a lot, pal. That whole Joyce whole thing. The whole Joyce whole.
Oh, speaking of that, Plague infected mice missing from New Jersey lab.
I don't want to get you nervous. Oh, my God.
There's some officials concerned that say a few big health risk is low.
They're feeling mighty low. Don't get nervous unless you want to.
I mean, like my mother, she would enjoy scratching about something like this.
But of course, she's a dead authority is investigating that this appearance may new Jersey bio tear research lab of at least three mice carrying a deadly strain of playing.
Oh, my God. How do you like that? Great.
Sources say, FBI agents and bio tear resume experts have interviewed and polygraph employees at the University of Medicine and
Dentistry in Newark, New Jersey, location of a lab run by the public health research institute,
a leading center for research on infectious diseases.
The mice have been missing for approximately two weeks.
The FBI responded to the matter and we dedicated a great number of agents as well as large number of resources and investigation since special agents Steve Siegel spoke for the FBI's Newark Fear Office.
It doesn't say whether or not he's related to Gil Siegel or satisfied.
There's no public safety risk. It doesn't seem to be any nexus to criminal activity or terrorism. He'd be saying never.
Nevertheless, nevertheless, it's always a big but in these stories. Federal authorities, including the FBI, have criticized the lab for lacks procedures that resulted in a potential public health
minutes. Officials discovered two weeks ago, a failure to account for a three of 24 mice that have been injected with the bacteria and that causes various forms of the plague, including bubonic plague inside the high security facility located in the middle of city of Newark.
The injections were part of an experiment testing potential treatments for the plague.
The discovery that three mice were missing led to a full investigation by the FBI joint terror task force and ongoing investigation in the lab safeguards by the Centers for Disease Control, one employed lab was fired nearly two weeks ago.
How do you like that? There are mice out there with bubonic plague but don't panic!
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6.Q.A.
Mr. Cheney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Maggle and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
When I started with a violent drop, the stuchotus, starring Mohawk, a successful giraffe, I wonder where that long head is.
Slearing thought, there's the one-armed man. I didn't do it! He's the one, and curling Howard out.
The stuchotus, wake it up, boy!
Hello to a 5.60-air-owned stuchotus himself, Mohawk, David and Tud, Matt Dogg is back today.
Thank the Lord at four. We'd all respect to Curtis and Joseph Yankee.
We like Curtis, but Marlon's on deck at 7 o'clock, the game of the season so far, I think Josh would agree with that.
The series, yes. Well, you have to take him one at a time. The biggest series of the season, but the first game tonight, 7.35 at the stadium, you better get there real early because it's going to be just packed.
It's going to be, yeah, if that place isn't full, I'm going to watch a little bit of that.
Just to make sure if there are any empty seats there, I'm going to be really foaming at the mouth. Monday, I'm going to like bitch you all out.
Well, get ready. Any K-10, what do you mean by that? You think the stadium is going to be full?
You don't think so? I'm talking about all the seats that they open up for baseball, which is quite a few.
Yeah. Well, how many? 38,000? I mean, if full capacity, like playoffs?
Yeah. They'll open up whatever. I mean, almost the whole stadium.
Well, they ought to be able to sell out the whole place. They ought to be 80,000 people there.
They'll be like 30 there. If I were to say that. What?
About 30, man. That's not good. No, there'll be more. I guarantee you, I'm going to bet you'd raise life on it right now before he goes out and has no endeavor.
I'll bet you're agree with your life on it. There'll be a lot more than 30,000. I'm saying 30,000. I'd say 30,000.
I'm sure to be, but will you listen to me? Okay. I am saying 37,000 at least. At least 37.
Well, now we're not going to go by what they say it is. I'm going to give it the eye because you're going to give it the eye, the evil eye.
Yeah. I don't care what you say. That Rossi is squeaky, man. That spot that we got, that tradeout spot.
See, I can knock it because it's a tradeout with a team. But by the time that 60 seconds is up, I feel exhausted.
You know what I mean? No. I'm just exhausted if I'm listening to it. At least with Geldy, he's like, you know, quick.
He drops one of these. One of those. That's it. Although he's got some spots on there too.
But some of the other, and if I wanted to trade out, I'll rip that one next time too.
No, seriously, it's just easiest squeaky. I'm sorry. Maybe a great guy, but he's awfully squeaky.
So, Josh says if there aren't really 37,000 people in an accord, now what time are they doing a game tomorrow? What's the deal? At 605?
605 tomorrow night, which is good because during the daytime, there are excuses. You know, it might be a pigeon flying over with diarrhea or something like that.
And then on Sunday is a night game, which I'm assuming that's going to be an ESPN game. Yes. 805 Sunday night, I feel he's at the Marlins 3rd and the final game of the series is at the Marlins on Sunday. Go for the sweep.
So I'm assuming that the bokehs are going to be doing that game on ESPN. Usually yes. Well, there you go. Hopefully they'll have that microphone problem. Fix number one.
Number two, they won't have Buck Martina's on there. If Buck Martina's on a game again, boke just poke them into ribs. Just knock them out of the booth.
Do not know seriously that guy just I have never talked about getting a headache. He just started any telling stories, but he runs me of weight hoi that he used to do the reds games 100 years ago. He was a hundred years old.
Well, back when I was pitching, Johnny Bench just hit a ground ball the second basement and the second basement to the first and he's out. And by anyway, back when I was pitching in 37, he always did the game in the past tense because he wasn't paying any attention to the game.
Kind of like what I'm doing with the show today, you know, but we have big fish to fry. That Greg now has anybody come in there and had anything to say?
About what about what you mean about what? This is big. Well, of course no one is saying anything about this. Hey, Doug, what do you think about this?
Duff, do fairy. Now there is one. You won't see him. Hey, by the way, he's hanging out in the tea room right now. He's probably either puking or maybe coming out of both ends right now. He's so nervous. Yes. Saturday is a part of Saturday. Saturday is a 120 game, by the way.
That was great. You just got to say there was a night game, Mr. Hot shot. Well, you Mr. Usually all the Saturdays are 6.0.5. I got it right here. It must be a held along pregame show. If it's a night game, the pregame starts at 12.45. The game is at 120 tomorrow. Mr. Big Sean. Yeah, I just realized that. And we got that hurricane. Clemson crap on. But we got that farmed out to where we got to farmed out to. Doesn't even say on here on TVD WTBD.
Oh, the hurricanes. Yeah, that would be on power 96. Well, how come that's not on my schedule? It's just on to be determined TV WTBD power 96. Oh, that's the station that Grace of Managing for 20 years while he's overseeing Q.A.M. Yeah, we're over here. And then after the hurricane game. Oh, that also be carried live on QM after the morning game ends. Well, let's see if the morning game is on a 120 and a hurricane game is on at 3 30. It's a mess. It's a mess. That's another thing that Greg got us into another mess. You know, overlapping. You know, selling it. It's like when he had stern on him. He at this point.
At the same time, these famous for that. Well, sure, Miss you, Greg. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Look at the votes on that poll. Are you shocked or what? I bet it's a George's like in disbelief. I think that's the thing to the president just a few minutes ago that can understand why people understand that the president is a very religious man. Oh, yeah. Right. That's why he's got all those people dying over there in Iraq. That's why he let all of dark folks, you know, fed for themselves in Louisiana and Mississippi. Very religious man. See, in fact, you know, something that that's what makes him that
much more dangerous is that this religious crap because I'm afraid he may actually believe it. 938 votes. 938 is really great. I want to tell you all what's 950 now. They're coming in in chunks. Can you believe it? Chunks. Oh, man. Here comes another batch. What one word best describes your president. Bosohead. You know, my brow was still aren't here. And they're still on the truck. I'm getting a little p.o. to what one word best describes George W Bush dangerous 208. I want to pat myself on it back by the way for doing the detective work. Mm-hmm.
All that stuff I did online and subscribing and then Josh did like a, you know, a marginal job taking the phone number I gave him and calling to get in the answer right away.
But without my tremendous detective work, I get in Tom Taylor's number there at inside radio and going through a subscribing way. It was worth the 40 bucks, wasn't it? Okay. What you told me all think? Well, I mean, we need to know, but there's not much here. What do you mean? There's not much there? What else are you going to get? What are you going to get the real story? You're going to get the truth? Well, that would be nice. That maybe his contract is up and they don't want to resign him. Although I doubt that because they're obsessed with him. They're just, you know,
because what do they know? They got Joyce dangerous 208 or not correct. That's the W. All you just stop and think about how many of these words also. We could be doing a full on Greg leader. Now, so they're creeping our poll. They're creeping our poll. I can't believe it. You see what just happened there? No, why don't we get these big chunks? We're getting our poll freaked. This must be those either those newsmax. Or free republic. Why don't one of the other free republic? Yeah, that is a hoot.
Unqualified 108, a whole 96 more on 94 liar 40. Why they sure must be insecure. The fact that they got a free for poll on this stupid. I go. Oh my God. We need to pray. I'll take it out. He's got to point on that.
More on 94 liar 48 income poop 36. Bozo 25 full 18. Fifteen. Brilliant. 14 butchered 13. Evil to a 12 dedicated 12 in Basilica 11. Hypocrite 11. Dumbbell 11. Schmuck 10. Puts 10. Steadfast 10. Honorable 9. Quizzling spelled wrong eight. Ferry 4 and coward only one. I bet you if I I bet you if I refresh it again instead of going up like a couple of squids. Oh yeah, 9. 63.
We're going to wind up with 2000 votes today during the show. They're free. And it leader is moving toward the top 165. Our fearless leader. Oh you sad, sad right wing maniacs man. You people need mental help. They have to take the astridome out of the clear those people out of there. And they're going to take all these. Well, it's not big enough. But that's a start. All these right wing obsessive lunatic. Oh gee, we better free to poll as if you know like somebody's going to believe you.
Especially on the show you people are going to be dreaming go do something productive. Okay, go pick your nose with a wire hanger or something do something useful. Don't wire haggers. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Go watch them. Don't Crawford movies pound 5 60 on a Verizon or a singular wireless line. WQ and Greg read line. Hello.
How's it going? Yeah, pretty good. Palie. How the hell we supposed to pick one out of all of those accurate adjectives? Well, it's not easy. How about all the above?
No, it can't be all of you, but some of them are very very. All right, you're right. 30% of the above all negative one. Okay. WQ a.m. Hello. Got one for your Paul meal. Yes, sir. How about murderer? That's guy like that. I think that should be on hand.
You're killing me. Kind of like a subdivision of evil doer. Murderer. I think that's although butcher. I thought covered up pretty well.
I'm a great. Sure. WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, me. How you doing? Okay, palie. Thank you for that. One of the very best words is reckless. Reckless is good. I thought I thought you were going to say rectum. Yeah.
You know, I got two other things. One of the things when hurricane was. Contrary was out in the golf. You said something as funny as they never heard you say that she's big. She's wet and she's moving slowly. Yeah. And also Jim, please call me. Okay. You're very.
He's probably thinking of Rita Cosby. Right. She is. Our friend of mine was telling me yesterday that he thought I was joking about her. So we tune it in for about five minutes.
His life does. I don't believe it. That's serious. It is absolutely beyond belief that anybody could be that desperate to put that disgusting, voiceless bitch on the air.
Not not to mention the amateur hour approach of all. All is really a when here are people really in trouble. Is there water up to the rooftops?
Man, she is just she is everything that MSNBC has achieved tragedy. That's it. That all. Nothing. Absor even with a lester hold on there that you still don't know who that is.
Who? Lester Holt. Great news guy. Great voice. Yeah. Like. Complectic dark guy. Like like dark. Complectic light guy. Don't know. He's great. 1213 at 560 WQM. If you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that's fast, reliable and easy to use. In short, you want the best one going.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America. Comcast high speed internet. It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than the SL light. You can download music, photos, streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put, Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around. And with features like the fan, video, email, security manager and radio plus and even more intense than ever before. And right now you can give Comcast high speed internet for just 995 a month for the first two months. Yeah.
How much of a duck is being in his pants called 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service in the country today. Certain restrictions apply call for details full free 1-800 Comcast.
This is new Roger. This is 560 Q-A-L.
By the you bastard.
I'm dying out of here. Don't lie.
Oh, the harbor.
Don't go, don't go. Every time I see.
Don't go, don't go.
That's pretty hard. It can't win.
Don't go, don't go.
Oh, my TV.
These residents of the **** are Republican Muslims and in our kingdom and India.
I don't know why they want to come.
I have a 90-tier person who's been for years with president of ****.
I don't know why they're ****.
Oh, what I did to the most once more and get to win your voted more.
Oh, why?
Yeah, you want this.
I blew down the mail.
It's running stupidly.
Don't go, don't go.
And this drug is rich here.
Don't go, don't go.
He's even number than me.
That's the blue.
He's president of ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got a man by her for all the Christians.
I hope that's up to you and I will help all people.
We've got a great leader.
Oh, my God, with president of ****.
I'm not ****.
Pracking honey would dress it in the obvious.
How could I forget this one?
Fascist.
Alright, let's get that on the right away.
Fascist.
Fascist.
Maybe rhymes with vatista.
Fascist.
Thank you, Frank and Hollywood.
Also, what about dumb shmit?
You want to?
Well, why not?
We got it on the song.
What's wrong with dumb shmit?
Look at that.
And all of a sudden as soon as I discovered, I just checked.
We were public and I don't know if they're free.
And maybe it's from somewhere else because I can't find it on there.
But we got to 165 out of leader thing.
All of a sudden, like 100 votes popped up on there out of nowhere.
And now it's 166.
So as soon as I said on the air, all will be deep risk creepers.
We got the creepers.
Oh, they stopped.
But look at how many votes we got, Josh.
How many?
Thousand.
Look at that.
1220.
Thousand.
1000.
How do you like that?
Got a little four.
Thousand and four.
They're coming in in chunks.
Leader though is still at 166.
Yeah, the rest of you want to vote all the negative ones.
You better hop on it and pile on.
Because this is a very important poll.
We're going to be fasting copies of this to leaders all around the rest of the world.
Anybody believe me?
No.
No, I just made it up.
Hey, join QAmin and Miami Heats.
You don't have to hazle today.
And when you go over there and see you don't say, what kind of a name is that?
Two to four for the grand opening of the Verizon wireless at 100 South.
This game, Boulevard and downtown Miami stop by to win prizes.
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs.
In fact, when you go over in the tap, Monticelli, you don't us.
We had AC subs today.
Yes, we do.
We're going to welcome you.
So much to Atlantic City subs where our use used to make the difference.
And now who's there?
Jason.
Jason.
Thank you, Jason.
That's not Jason Saladkin.
Is it who got Candid's PD or Quitter?
What actually happened with that deal?
Do we know over there, across the street at that other station that we definitely desperately don't want to listen to that?
For sure.
But what happened over there?
I don't know.
Not you, Josh, as opposed to that, I think it happened yesterday.
Yeah, I thought it was something with like peeing in a mountain dew.
Well, he peed in, no, no, that was your rose peed in Daniel Vacher's mountain dew.
You might get your peers straightened out there, mister.
That's a big circle over there.
Yeah, I think he mountain-doodled in it is what I heard.
That's not what I'm doing.
And just ask that Betty Hiltated is nothing worse than a mountain dew dew, which he had a little problem there.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Like I said, cloudy and murky.
Supposed to rain like hell here all day today, like 45 millimeters is a lot.
That's a lot of rain.
I don't think it's even raining.
I'm sorry, I can't see through my curtains, I would tell you.
Do you really care?
No, it's just murky.
It's not one of our finer days.
As opposed to tomorrow, which I'm sure tomorrow is going to be just 5S, sunny and 23, that's 78 degrees tomorrow.
75 on Sunday, you see?
We have one of these up bad days, as opposed to some places where they have like 90 out of 100 days,
are like real hot and surly and big mosquitoes and thunderstorms and hurricane stuff like that.
Not to mention a place specific.
And by the way, no, I'm not coming for the opening game for that kind of call before the comedian.
How does Panther tickets come in, by the way, my friends in the organization?
Now that I've been sitting here, chilling for you and telling you what a great job that my keen and did,
which you did, they got a nice team going.
They're going to win that division this year, they're going to kick some ass.
They're going to be heard from.
But not for the reasons everybody else was saying about while all the youngsters in the organization,
they got some good young players, but now they got some veteran players on their,
can put the biscuit in the basket.
A Tisca de Tasket, stick your biscuit in my basket.
That's what it's all about.
I'm not sure your friend Mike Lang is all excited in Pittsburgh too.
They got Sydney Crosby and Bing Crosby.
Looks like the penguins are selling tickets hand over limp wrist, over bill frist.
So maybe a little excitement, maybe some hockey talk this year, what do you say?
Not on the show.
How come?
How come?
How come to QAM?
Hello.
How come to QAM? Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, he can't do it. He's not up to it.
How come to QAM? Hello.
Not there.
How come to QAM? Hola.
Can I have breakfast, Rick? Reach job?
Here's the guy.
Oh man, that didn't take long to fill those shoes.
Prozac Ron, that's the guy, you know what? He the man.
The M's are willing to accept that officials understand that they have to clamp down.
Go on and have a grub when.
Go on, well, you know what they're doing.
There we go, we got leaves, lines going on there.
Looks like they're all sitting out in the rain or something.
I don't know what that's all about.
Well, they want to be like Rob Marciano, the weather guys.
A lot of us would like to be like Rob Marciano.
WQAM, hello.
And Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
Hey, listen, Pally, listen, I need to ask you something.
The song you just played, you beat about something.
I didn't couldn't understand that part.
And second part, do you think you could play the top of songs so we could be all wrapped up for Sunday?
No.
56670560, Pompey.
I'll play the other dolphin song.
I'll rev it up for Sunday.
I'll give me a break when you grow up.
I can grow up, huh?
Speaking of beeps, yeah, play that one.
Yeah, let's play the bleep song, the bleepin dolphins.
I'm just fascinated by the way these votes are.
Now, is it leader?
No, that's slow down.
Are they going to other?
And now, some of the other words that they're choosing?
Because they're obviously working in, let's see, brilliant, 15.
No, they only went to leader.
They don't want to get too carried away.
I mean, they had several other good choices on there if they want to like pant him on the back and say,
good job, Bozo.
But bring it only 15.
Even those people don't want to, you know, because they'll burn in hell if they click on that.
Step fast, only 11.
Honorable.
9.
Don't have any for reckless yet.
Fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
Yeah, fastest one real quick.
What?
Don't they stagger the audio?
That's what they're saying on the street that moan drags loathed together.
Me okay.
You know, I don't think I have rastic go back the other way.
From Dorla.
So I'm not talking about Nolines.
You know what I'm talking about?
You're people.
We'll see you down there at the, uh, sitting on the dock of the bay.
Okay, we'll see in Del Ray.
We'll give you your own little rubber, your inner tube and have a great life.
Line 9, WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Oh, that's bad.
That's unfortunate.
Somebody long distance from way long distance away.
Probably if salani.
Oh well.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You have me selling a video or DVD or something to, was it, uh, human society?
No.
Sorry, I thought it heard something over here.
Well, we talked about it, but I'm just going to take too long.
Too many Z-Line numbers in the meantime.
You know, just send some money.
Matthew McCarty has got it.
Yeah, Matthew McCarty is doing it.
He's doing just a fine job.
So you can go online.
If you really want to give, you can find 8,000 legitimate different places you go for the
animals, the people, the, uh, whoever.
That's the beautiful thing.
Oh, look at that.
23 and sunny and the 2075 on Sunday, Monday, 77, 77, W-A-V-C on Monday.
Look at that.
Beautiful degrees.
Cousin Brucey didn't do too good on the FOIA yesterday.
That's why I feel so good today.
What a jackass he is.
Who?
Cousin Brucey.
Bruce Morrill.
You weren't there.
Was that before your time that they sent him in there?
Yeah.
Oh, man, did he hate me?
He hated my show.
What language?
This is disgusting.
What kind of radio is this?
I'm just, I'll read Drillermah.
And then I think I made a cost of coming out or two about his hair piece.
They're at one thing I've learned, man, and you taught me.
Don't ever knock a guy's hair piece.
Hair piece.
They get really pissed off about that.
I had no idea either.
Or they're checkered pants.
W-A-M, hello.
Hey, Hill.
Yes, sir.
I missed the last hour, so, but I'm torn between fear monger and war monger.
War monger is good.
Fear monger is good.
They're both good.
I think they're both need to be on the monitor.
The most important part is the mind that she had.
Right.
Okay, I think they're both good.
Fear monger and war monger and all of these things.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'69".
The skulls are on my side.
No, they ain't.
The skulls are on my side.
No, they ain't.
No, they ain't.
They say that they don't.
Like my foreign policy.
They think I don't object.
I think they're so impressed.
And they're best not being talking to me.
About me.
Hey, hey.
I feel so mad that I can't refrain on my Let's go eat up, man, Jagger.
He's just a pair of lips with no brain.
Oh, no.
Let's go eat up, man, Jagger.
Oh, man.
Don't start me up.
Don't put me down.
Don't put me down.
I could have fun knocking him just a ground with ground, the ground, and the hope.
Let's go eat up, man, Jagger.
He's a little fly-me-maggin'.
Let's go eat up, man, Jagger now.
23, 27, 1, and 5, 65, WQAM.
It's a humongous weekend, man.
You got the Philly Marlin series.
You got that big hurricane game against Clemson.
That would be bad if they'd lost to them again, wouldn't it?
That would be really bad.
And then, of course, you got the dolphins and the Ajetsk.
You see the giants and the Ajetsk are going to build a stadium at the metallands?
Okay.
I could not see that, but...
Well, now you just heard about it.
That's right.
We're going to get together and build a stadium.
So for sure, there won't be any real New York team in the NFL,
or both the New Jersey teams.
5, 6, 7, I'm just not going to read a whole lot of these stories, because Miguel is right.
Why should I work so hard and just ruin my tongue?
Yeah, work sucks.
I agree with that.
Especially that Greg isn't going to be there.
We know I'll just screw off now, because he's such a tough task mask here, you know what?
Greg Reed is leaving in case you missed a big story from Inside Radio.
Of course, if we were a radio station, we'd have a subscription inside radio right there in the building.
You still have one in IOD?
Remember those days?
I did.
No matter what that was going on.
We, uh, oh, Inside Radio, Tom...
What's his name?
Taylor, Taylor, they wrote about what are in, and we'd have it there, and you'd have it in your hand.
Here, there's a better chance you might have it in your...
Right.
You could wipe with it.
You're just not going to get it to QAIM, because it's, you know, it's got one that's got to do with spores.
Right.
Well, it's faceted.
I don't see anything about sports in this damn column here, so who down needs you, Tom?
WDQIM, hello.
Yeah, for, uh, to describe our current president, the anti-Christ.
I like that.
It doesn't have a hyphen in it, but it's one word.
Antichrist.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Lay it.
Antichrist.
In fact, wouldn't surprise me if there's a three-sixes on a back of his head somewhere.
I'm assuming we better take a look.
Give me a little shave.
Take a look.
56670560, Tom 560 in a Verizon either in fact, yes, they were talking about Omen 2.
Or is that the day before?
You, the day before?
I was, you were there.
You were there.
Right.
Who the hell did that show?
Was that Walter Cronkite?
You were there.
I'm sure Boca-Brion will recall.
WDQIM, hello.
Uh, Greg is going to run on the Georgia's Alibi.
I heard.
Yeah, good.
Okay.
Who knows?
WDQIM, hello.
Right, come on.
I did it.
WDQIM, hello.
Hi, Dale.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
Is that you?
That's how you got a couple of field powers.
I don't know if anybody has ever said this one before.
I think Bill's for Cronk.
What is it?
How about Schmitty?
Yeah, Schmitty.
How about Schmitty?
Yeah, how about it to have a nice life?
Yeah, you're right.
Wait, he's called.
Take some more.
Hey, let me see.
There you go again.
You're the OJ on Provocatoria.
You don't want to kind of like stirs up the crap.
Oh, we like to read you all those stories.
I know you don't.
I do.
Miguel said that you do.
He said, first he lied and said you didn't.
Then he said that you do that.
He knew and he had big arguments about it.
Where's he?
First what else he got to do with the show anyway?
He's a little bit sick.
He didn't say 50 words in there when you were out your stay.
He didn't say 50 words.
And of course that's fine because we weren't talking about Cuba.
He had absolutely nothing brought nothing to the table.
Which it was.
Is okay.
We didn't.
Yeah, we could live without it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
We've horizon singular wireless lines.
Fones may be pretty weak, but take a look at those call at those votes.
My God.
1056 as in Q.
56.
Is that appropriate or what?
Very.
And I'm curious whether it's I guess it just kind of motivated when people got pissed off when they saw that there was some creeping going on and that leader got about 100 phony votes and went from 65 to about 165.
Now it's only got 171.
But it's still ancient up there.
There are people creeping this pool there.
And of course what they don't realize is that at the end of the day is some people like to say at the end of the day.
I can just send an email to Eric or just send a message along.
And if we want to we can just make all those disappear.
That one could disappear.
Wouldn't that be a kick in the teeth?
Oh, we got to free this pool.
This is going to have a tremendous impact.
We could also add votes to anything we wanted.
Yeah, we can do whatever we want.
We're going to wait like 40,000 votes on there.
Okay, they're all against him.
We can rig elections almost as well as the Republicans on you like that.
The only problem is the ones that they rig are the ones that count.
The way I am, hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a body wash question for you.
Yeah.
What flavor do you use, a plan?
I got a whole bunch of them.
What about rest?
I'm a disaster.
What?
I just heard of the axe.
AX?
AXE?
Oh, axe.
Right.
Let me ask you about it.
Yeah, I've got a good thing to have you.
Yeah, I've seen it.
Okay.
How much you start to use, you know, because I feel like I'm washing myself with a shampoo.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying?
Bye-bye.
Bye.
You see, you have to know that anyone who had been friends with your fat tub of garbage
back there in sales with fat boy has to be a mental defector.
Has that some very, very serious problems?
There's no doubt.
Yeah.
Yeah, I would take the whole bottle of body wash and just stick a whole thing on open right in your
rectum.
Yeah, I'm sure there's plenty of room.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
How many QA and five-boy radio?
Hello, not there.
QA and hello.
I need a job.
Yeah, okay.
How many QA and hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Still doing the poll?
Yeah.
How about dead air?
And I got another one.
How about Joker?
I'm going back to my stories.
Oh, don't do that.
No, I'm a girls full of crap.
You know what I say?
It's a very sad commentary, but it's quite, you know, it should tell you something about his IQ.
He's a good guy, but he's a number that saw us, you know, it's just the way it is.
Come on now.
It's a lot of work.
It's hard work.
Yes.
Something's got to do. It's hard work.
Hard work.
I rolled up my shirt yesterday.
Did you see the sleeve?
That whole thing about Greg Reed getting canned.
I mean, leaving at the end of the year, that is quite a story.
And of course, we could put any spit out we want.
And did Duffery come in there?
Was that on a tape?
No, Duff came in here.
Oh, so he's the one that said no comment.
So what did he say off the ear?
He said he doesn't, he said he thinks that's BS, but he didn't say BS.
Really?
Yeah, I think Greg's just playing with BS.
Okay?
He pulled us the last time.
Shritten, believe it.
Oh, he's a, and yeah, this is just another game that people, you know, why can't you act like a real man?
Okay.
I know it would take a hell of a lot of effort on your part.
Why can't you just go over there and drive driving your big company pay automobile and go over to Naples and sit down and look the beastlies in the eyes and sit down and put joystair in the middle of the table.
Give her an airplane spin and they cut the crap.
You know, I'd like to do that.
Yeah.
Put her into a perpetual airplane spin.
We'll never go in outer space.
Hey, Joyce, we hate you like poison, bitch, but nevertheless, the test keep here.
And that's all we care about.
We're going to make, uh, I think we might break in a post-Aleon record for votes during the show today.
We're definitely going, we might like do 1200 and some of them might even be for real.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of those people down there say he failed.
Stuffs for people in the Amsterdam like Cato.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
He cuts funding for their levy.
Looters called things and are key.
In the route, but we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway.
For one white girl, we drained a lake.
And even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
I'm dying off the hair.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty Grum.
Girls gone wild needs to see a New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
Oh my God.
They're going to have Marty Grum next February.
That's when you get that drug who can notice.
That's exactly right.
That part of town, French quarter, was not part of that band.
There's a little bit of mold and mildew.
People from Florida used to mold and mildew anyway.
Oh, speaking of a people from Florida,
managed to get a roadside fight with former dolphins linebacker Steve Toll.
Should have had a towel.
A remains sedated and on a hospital ventilator.
Rudy Babitt, 49, has been hospitalized with brain injuries since September 7th.
His mother's greatest holder, Kansas City star.
He's undergone two brain surgery since then.
We're there to pray for him, Gladys Babitt said he'll make it,
but it'll take a long, long time.
Prosecutors alleged that Toll 51 hit Babitt in the head and knocked him down,
causing the independence man's head to hit the pavement.
Police have said that Babitt, a retired liberty municipal worker and Toll,
who played six seasons with the dolphins after starting for Kansas City early in the 70s,
or Kansas rather, scuffled behind a highway and independence after a Toll cut Babitt off in traffic.
Babitt is 5'6 and weighs 180 pounds.
Toll who still holds the dolphin's single-season tackle record is 6'3 and weighs 300 pounds.
You got that picture in your mind?
I'm trying that too.
Toll who lives in the Kansas City suburb of Lee Summit is charged with one kind of felony assault.
His fiancee, and his next court date, said for October 9th.
Babitt's sister, Doris, said, family members, word angry at Toll.
I'm not going to help my brother be angry.
She said, we're just asking for a lot of prayers.
Oh, pray to the Lord, okay?
We're praying to the Lord.
Well, the Lord missed those people that drowned in the Inoron Orleans and Mississippi,
but we're praying anyway.
I just can't stand it.
I just can't stand the mo...
It's one thing to be dumb, but the religious dumb, they're dumber than just plain dumb.
They're just in a special category.
They're like, like that.
Focus, focus, dumb.
Like the people at the woodbind rub their hands over the glass.
They're doing a focus, focus.
Oh, God.
I just sit there and bite my tongue.
I just lose in my openness.
They're rubbing the glass and they're like, oh, stop already with a focus, focus, okay?
Enough already.
That's going to go in there with a chicken and like dribble the blood all over the slot machine.
That might work.
I'm going to tell you the most superstitious people I have ever seen are people from India.
I was talking to some people out there about that and come to find out I'm right.
Everything has got like a focus, focus, magic, wow.
Wow, wow.
Not to mention, of course, that career, Roma.
Not that there are some fine Indian people out there.
I'm sure I'll meet some someday.
Against what I'm making right now, by the way, I got my flavor wave oven going.
They're brought worst.
I make any brought worst.
Well, the new ones haven't got here yet.
They're on the truck.
DHL is still poaching around.
Boy, do I?
What?
I don't even want to go into my feeling about DHL.
I'll have a response around the station.
Not now they won't.
No, seriously, they just make my stomach twist.
They just, since they bought out, what are they used to be?
Oh, geez.
They used to be.
Airborne Express.
And I never have any problem with Airborne Express.
Everything would show up here just fine.
And of course, UPS is great and FedEx is the best.
FedEx is sensational.
Paul Krugman writes, not the new deal.
See, I'm going into my pile of stuff now because obviously the audience is out of material.
And the calls suck.
And I'm not going to sit here with him and go like, sit and not.
Or especially with Tom Jickel, like, sit and not.
Tom Jickel doesn't realize that Greg Wheat is pretending to be leaving at the end of the year.
See, if Tom Jickel was doing his job, he'd be on the phone with Greg right now.
In fact, he'd be having sushi with Greg right now, getting the real story behind the story.
If he was a real urinalist.
I guess they let the urinalist all go over there to the other station across the street.
That's why they're all peeing each other and each other's mountain do.
You don't believe that, do you?
Well, no, we had the rumor was that Joe was getting suspended again over there.
He had some kind of a big roll with that labastered.
Okay.
I can understand that, which probably means he's on the outs with the booster too,
because the booster and labaster are as tight as a snare drum those two.
Can I start to wonder about it?
Paul Krugman writes, not the new deal.
Now it begins America's biggest relief and recover program since the new deal.
And the omens aren't good.
It's a given that the Bush administration, which tried to turn it back into a laboratory for conservative economic policies,
will try the same thing on the Gulf Coast.
The Heritage Foundation, which has surely been helping Karl Robe develop the administration's recovery plan,
has already published a manifesto on post-Katrina policy.
It calls for waivers on environmental rules, the elimination of capital gains taxes,
and the private ownership of public school buildings in the disaster areas.
And if any of the people killed by Katrina, most of them poor,
had net worth of more than one and a half million dollars,
heritage wants to exempt their errors from the estate tax.
Still, even conservatives admit that deregulation, tax cuts and privatization won't be enough,
recovery will require a lot of federal spending.
And aside from the effect on the deficit,
we're about to see the spectacle of tax cuts in the face of both a war and a huge reconstruction effort.
This raises another question.
How can discretionary government spending take place on a net scale without creating equally large-scale corruption?
It's possible to spend large sums, honestly, as Franklin D. Roosevelt showed in the 30s,
FDR presented over the huge expansion of federal spending,
including a lot of discretionary spending by the workers' progress administration, the WPA,
yet the image of public relief,
why they regard it as corrupt before the New Deal, actually improved markedly.
How did that happen?
The answer is that the New Deal made almost a fetish out of policing its own programs against potential corruption.
In particular, FDR created a powerful division of progress investigation
to look into complaints of malfeasant in the WPA.
An Activision proved so effective that a later congressional investigation couldn't find a single serious record already had missed.
This commitment to honest government wasn't a sign of Roosevelt's personal virtue.
It reflected a political imperative.
FDR's mission office was to show that government activism works to maintain that mission's credibility.
He needed keyfism administrations record clean.
The George W. Bush isn't FDR, indeed, in crucial respects he's the anti-FDR.
President Bush subscribed to a political philosophy that opposes government activism.
That's why he's tried to downsize and privatize programs wherever he can.
He still hopes to privatize social security after he has biggest legacy.
So even as policy figures don't bother his strongest supporters,
many conservatives view the inept response to Katrina as the vindication of their lack of faith in government
rather than as a reason to reconsider their faith in Mr. Bush.
And to date the Bush administration, which has no stake in showing that good government is possible,
has been a verse to investigating itself.
On the contrary, it's consistently stonewall corruption investigations and punished its own investigators if they tried to do their jobs.
That's why Mr. Bush's promise last night that he'll have a team of inspectors general reviewing all expenditures rings hollow.
Whoever these inspectors general are, they'll be mindful of the fate of Bonneteen Greenhouse,
a highly regarded auditor at the Army Corps of Engineers, who suddenly got poor performance reviews after she raised questions about Halibut and contracts in Iraq.
She was demoted late last month.
Turning the funds over to state and local governments isn't the answer either.
FDR actually made a point of taking control away from local politicians, then as now,
paper needs to play the big role in local politics.
And our sympathy for the people of Mississippi and Louisiana shouldn't blind us to the realities of their state's political cultures.
Last year, the newsletter corporate crime reporter ranked the state's accorded a number of federal public corruption convictions for Capita.
Mississippi came in first and Louisiana came in third.
Is there any way Mr. Bush could ensure an honest recovery program?
Yes, he could insulate decisions about reconstruction spending from politics by placing them in the hands of an autonomous agency handed by a political independent,
or if no such person can be found a Democrat as a side of good faith.
He didn't do that last night and probably won't.
There's every reason to believe the reconstruction of the Gulf Coast, like the failed reconstruction of Iraq,
will be deeply more bicroneous and corruption.
How do you like that? He may not be good, but at least he is consistent.
Yeah, exactly.
I did a job.
Yeah, I'll say.
I wonder if that guy still on the ventilator that Rick Sancers said, oh, that's where that guy died.
I forgot. Sorry, he did. That's bad.
Picking on poor Ricky Picking. They had Ricky Tiki on last night on CNN out there in the middle of the storm.
And I was hoping he'd get like, way, sorry, I missed it.
Oh, gosh, wouldn't that be great? Maybe he'll just, maybe the storm will lift him up and just take him back to Cuba.
And he can have a happy meal with Aion and the Gonsumir Spacher and the Abolus can show it to him.
Let's say it's a love 125 votes. Now is this the free factor or what?
We've heard of the Arali factor. We got the free factor one on our pool today.
This must be a damn, huh?
Couldn't have done it without him.
No, but this just goes to show you how desperate they're getting now.
The fact that there is anybody out there who feels the need to free from poor on George W. Bush,
especially on the show where most of us hate him like poison.
Well, you know, they win. They'll change our minds.
Well, that's right. They're going to turn us around.
Yeah, they're going to turn something around. All right.
Let them. Tim and Donna, who the hell are they? Who the hell are you?
I want to say it hard. You know, this is a kind of like Christmas.
The last time you surprised me, there only this time.
I have no idea who those people are.
What's the one best word to scratch George W. Bush? Dangerous 244.
Leader 172 of which 100 of those at least are fake. More than that.
A lot more than that. Unqualified 128. A hole 112. Moron 111.
Lier 58. Nincompoup 41. Boso 28. Full 19.
Can a Boso Velcivious Merking Chip?
Evil, there were 18. Thief 18. Puts 16. Hey, Puts.
Hypocrite 16. Dumb Schmidt 15. That's moving up fast.
Brilliant 15. Inbacillic 14. Butcher 14.
Dumb Bell 13. Dedicated 12. Schmuck 11.
Steadfast 11. Honorable 10. Only 10.
Quizzling spelled her amusingly wrong. 8. Murderer 7. Murderer.
Fascist 4. Fairy 4. Hey, W.
You fairy.
Coward 4. Antichrist 2. And Nannyd for Fairmonger Warmonger or
Just Plain Reckless.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
Hey, it's Scott Barrell.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 1-2.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers pattern balance 1-2 hours.
I'm going to do it on my robbery plan right now.
Hey, all good.
My Nanny has a dolphin so the worst football team.
There are every gamblers, night there.
There are every four-piece three.
Absolutely.
Eight cancel ready. Touchdowns not even one field goal.
And when you say, my Nanny, you're so cock-and-toy with Dolphins there.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins number.
How many teams in the week?
32. My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
The dolphins can't beat anyone, can't even beat the spread.
I wish that there's somebody who'd come back from the dead.
Nick Saban makes them practice while he wears that stupid hat.
Hill and up like their last head coach at Loser Day 1 set.
And they're up.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins number.
How many teams in the week?
32. My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Miss D'Anshua, how about you?
Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal stripes.
They're tight and like so worked out by beating up this wife.
Half the team are criminals, the other half-sun drugs.
And this is what will happen when you've wrapped up on your thoughts.
And they're up.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins number.
How many teams in the week?
31. My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
They really are a monthly crew.
The dolphins have no walking.
They've got no patching games.
I've got just one suggestion.
They ought to change their names.
To the Miami tampons.
And why do such a thing?
They're good for just one period.
And have no second string.
And they're up.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins number.
How many teams in the week?
32. My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
I can't the fancy kind of boom.
Oh my God.
The dolphins have no balls except the ones they're playing with.
I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes a hit.
It doesn't matter.
It be never has another trope.
It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up.
And so can they're up.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins number.
Who won the hell?
32. My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
My Amie Dolphins.
Now they're through.
I'm going to be in true.
And boy, this rock was really his dream.
That flavor wave, boy, it's just the easiest.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
It's like a piece of cake.
Somebody was telling me they got
328 miles an hour.
Is there like a limit?
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
I wonder what the record is.
247 votes.
We're going to make 13, 100 if my name made to Iskabibbel.
Okay. A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
A voicey-pupik.
America West.
America West used to be America-worst.
Everybody tells me they really improved big time and it really good.
What happened?
US Airways group made my way to at least 10 days before formally emerging from
Bankruptcy.
Expectst to emerge and formally close on its merger with America West.
Late this month or early October.
US Bankruptcy judge Steven Mitchell's ruling came to us two days after Delta
and Northwest filed for bankruptcy protection.
They both had the same feeling.
I'm dying out of here.
Not that the cost of fuel you understand is going to do with us.
They ain't seen nothing yet.
Of course these, I noticed that even a lot of the Republicans are grumbling and mumbling about
pushing speech last night.
And all these hundreds of billions of dollars he's pledging might as well just start like with
an apple-eat money.
Just start printing it. That's all.
He's going to pay all that if sold.
That way the Canadian dollar will be worth about four bucks and I'll be screwed all together.
And the euro will be worth about 20 bucks and we can all rotten and hell together.
It's unbelievable is what it is.
And the public is like oh my gas is getting a little bit dear.
You know it's going to look like a f.
Thank you for those low prices by the way Mr. President.
The one who gets through this entire first week back from that summer schedule without being sure to say that.
1269 votes we need 31 votes for 13 hundred.
That's an up-and-a-josh picked out of thin air.
Well I mean it seemed like the logical next step in it. 1274.
Seriously they're coming in in chunks.
Now what's the rendered?
Now what is the record?
I don't know we never kept track.
I'm sure Eric has that at a vault in a file somewhere.
How would he have that record record was during the show.
I mean I'm sure he's got the final tallies on polls but the record number votes on a given poll.
Yeah I'm sure he's got that in his ease.
Well whatever.
But back back during the alien days you can.
And of course back during those days we heard from people that we never heard from before they were never here from again.
I mean the Indians of them all of us had that that that that that that by and of course they almost had the same accent.
But those people right now they're with audio man B and they're voting their conscience.
They're voting you know they're doing their thing right.
New Orleans mayor says French Quater will reopen in one and a half weeks.
George by the way tells me the good news is he doesn't know anybody who listens to this show so that's good.
Because Josh has several friends actually listen.
I did not say that I said none of my friends listen none of your friends right only your enemies.
I know lots of people.
Keep your enemies close you know what I mean?
Keep your enemies close.
That's why you ought to hang out with Greg before he leaves.
Maybe I'll collect sushi.
Maybe he'll take you over that I was just going to say for a little sushi you would norma.
And if Josh is real nice maybe he'll take Josh over there you eat sushi.
Not really.
No I'm not too big on any kind of food that looks back at you.
And speaking of back at you by the way in case you missed the poll result from yesterday Rick Riley had an embarrassing 11 votes instead of had 160.
They hate you Rick.
They really hate you.
In fact they probably even like Greg B they'll compare to you and he also was on Waxi back when it was FM.
That kind of strains that they took those 105.9 used to be Waxi FM right.
And Ricky Tiki Shaw was there and the Rick and Suds were there and Rick hated Rick like Poisonola.
If we have to choose between Rick Shaw and Rick Riley we'll take Rick Shaw and he did the way you like Rick hated which Rick.
No they hate each other.
I don't know.
You don't think so?
I don't know anything about that.
Get out of here you don't know anything about that.
That was back in the uh...
But I can only imagine.
Huh?
Just knowing what I know.
That somebody talked about.
I've been told that Rick and Suds are on and the afternoon they sound great.
I think they found their new stare and God bless.
God bless his Rick Shaw.
So anyway and then they went to a big.
Hello big?
They went to a B-B-D-G which are horrible colliders.
And that's when Stern was on air and then of course Sapal and Old Ron and uh... whatever.
And so the Waxi colliders became available and whatever 790 used to be which originally was WFU and then it was WNWS.
WSWS news which I worked there for many years.
WNWS with a really bad signal.
And then what happened after that?
Oh and then Jefferson Pilot bought it out and it became like uh... what was it after that?
I don't know.
It wasn't lost track.
It became crap.
And then of course these guys came along and put it.
It was brokered radio.
Don't you remember that?
That's right.
It was brokered.
They had that uh... what the hell was that guy's name Paul Cameron on air or something bizarre name.
I thought it was somebody else.
Well anyway they had a whole bunch of people buying time on air and then these clowns came along with Stu Bonson's daddy's money and Joel Feinberg's money.
He said, oh we're gonna put a smart station on air.
We're gonna kick some ass.
We're gonna show those guys a thing or two.
Yeah.
A thing or two like the number of listeners they got one or two.
That 18 to 19 demo though is really impressive hell.
This is Neil Rodger doing it baby.
This is 516 QAX.
Yeah.
Hit it some more.
Tell me.
Do it again.
Play about it.
Thank you.
Lady Madonna.
Writing on your horse.
Your combro got caught in the rains of course.
It wasn't funny when your phones were broken.
It felt just like a bunch from that function pan.
Make that heart some two 11 suitcase.
Writing on him wasn't very fun.
Cause he threw you down upon your cute face.
Like a virgin.
Oh my god.
Lady Madonna flying through the air.
Wonder if you yelled at something like a friend.
Yet, well, cause your fans will be sending.
Wishing you some pee and sympathy.
Material girl, it's no good pretending.
Don't cry for me.
Oh lady Madonna, don't have no luck to stop.
Maybe next time you should write in a car.
Probably tonight and the votes on our poll one more next one will be 13 members.
Next one gets a zillion dollars not.
Well, we don't know what a zillion dollars is so you'll get it.
Maybe you'll find it under your bed.
This one gets our gold star and our purple gel.
So it was a purple star one.
I told you Eric had this information.
Yes.
For somebody that I can't print.
So I'm resetting everything.
Okay.
Okay.
3105.
During the show.
During the show.
Well, that's 3105.
I don't know about during the show was on but that's the grand total.
Look at this song in advance.
That's the total.
It probably was a weekend poll like this one.
Probably.
It was the Howard Stern question.
What's your reaction to clear channels decision to drop Howard Stern?
Oh, I see.
So it wasn't a alienito one.
That's good.
From 99 I picture if I clicked it were over 1300 which would really I'd be pleased
as punch.
That's during the show.
See, there's no way he'd have a 1301.
Thank you.
Joe Faxes and says I listened to your show for quite some time.
I called your show once after returning from trip to Holland August of 2003.
I was believed.
During our visit through Amnestyda, I'm going to have to do my wife and I took the number
for a tram and got off Fredericks plane just south of the dam rack.
A little bit more than just south but it's down there.
We stopped in the Mexican restaurant that dinner into my amazement.
The restaurant was playing a Cilla Cruz CD.
How do you like that?
Cilla Cruz.
Yeah.
Oh, great.
When I asked one of the waiters about Cilla who died recently, who had died, his response was they all loved her music.
Well, those deaths never did have good taste.
Anyway, Neil recently visited Toronto when July attended a professional conference at the Fairmont
Royal, York, Toronto Hotel and stayed a few days after the conference to tour the city and see the sights.
What a great city.
What you happen to me.
Absolutely correct, sir.
And the people were very nice as well.
How do you like that?
I went into car, got to see quite a bit of the city, made it to Niagara Falls, the Canadian side of course, eh?
Neil, I see why you like Toronto like you have done some traveling and Toronto is right up there with the best.
That's the gardener keep listening.
Thanks a lot, Jose.
Or Joe.
Whatever your name is.
What are your people?
Good guy.
Thanks a lot, Joe.
Oh, my God.
He's been to Amsterdam to Toronto now he needs to go, he's like to Cologne and Berlin and some other good places.
Chicago, there's some good cities around Miami, one of them.
1300 plus votes on a poll of George Bush intensive pool.
You know something on a Greg Lee, but that would be a good poll for us to take next week one day.
Greg leads most bonehead move at QAM, right?
Oh, sorry, you talking to me.
I don't know if we have enough room for all the choices we'd have to put on Apple, make today's pale and win significance.
Or we could also, we could have like, let's see, it's the end of the process, almost in the September, right middle.
So we got October, November and December to have a big send off for Greg.
We could like have a Greg Reed poll every day just about.
Yeah, let's talk about the great.
Greg leads best suit, Greg leads biggest lie.
Oh, brother, that have to be like a five part series all week one week.
Oh, there's a phone.
That means my food, is that great timing or what?
Huh?
But it's there.
The phone is ringing, which means my brought was just showed up.
I told it that I love those people at DHL, man.
They know they're psychic.
I mean, what the hell would I have to do?
I'd interrupt the show and go down in the middle of the show right now.
I can let the phone ring the leak me a message.
And in about nine minutes, I'll just zip right on down and say, have my meat, please.
I'll say, what are you talking about?
In a few days, residents of begin moving.
Now, see, I'm not going to be one of those people that's going to lie to you and give, oh, and I did want to say about that jingle.
That's what I'm going to be doing.
That ticked you, that we do.
I'm so glad you want that movie.
I'm just like this.
So you watched it twice.
Yeah, well, I was, you know, chilling.
It is so good.
Oh, man.
It is so great standing in the shadows of Motown.
Those of you out there, they're going to be bored this weekend.
No care about all those stupid football games and stuff or the Amarlin games with the Phillies.
And even if you do care about that, find some time to watch standing in the shadows of Motown.
Go out there and buy the movie or steal it or rent it or whatever you want to do it.
Or they aren't they appreciate the importance of that whole genre and what it did for rock and roll and everything.
I mean, even if even if you're like 15 years old, if you like the Motown music, you love that movie.
It's just it is fabulous.
New Orleans, mayor says French Quarter will reopen in a week and a half.
Now, we're starting to stand back and lie to you and say, oh, I just love New Orleans.
It was great.
No, I hated it before.
And, you know, nothing against those people.
It's really tragic what happened, but it was a not a good place.
Maybe like the new improved Ireland.
The city of New Orleans will start to breathe again, said the mayor, Nagan.
We still have life. We'll have commerce. We'll have people getting their normal modes of operation.
Normal rhythm of the city.
And let's see.
Next Thursday, I know actually next week, they're going to reopen some of New Orleans most vibrant and least flood ravaged neighborhoods.
And the next week and a half, including the French Quarter.
And one and a half weeks, the move could bring back more than 180,000 of the cities that happened in the happenance.
The French Quarter was going to be open on September 26.
So make your plans now, George.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 am.
Where is Golden Gasser?
Wonderful. WQAM.
Eisner.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What are you, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me.
But, sir, what have we done with New York City Times Square for Nagan Street?
Hang on.
Raymond.
Raymond!
We're off the vacuum, Quentin.
Raymond, get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, but, sir, look what we don't admit to how men had 42nd Street is incredible.
I don't want publicly, I support it that, but you took all the point away.
You're killing me. I'm going through Gavoscow, I'm like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen, but, much. Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stage, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
We're kind of programming. Are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Three, two, three, nuts.
Yes, got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Waiting yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the vacuum cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good, God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good, God, you're still running James Bobmovie.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put James Bob willing on and be done with it?
Please, now, I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in Stitchin' Now, we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out.
The only way to stop it.
I just signed.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Three.
Remus.
Remus.
Here you go.
I know you can't hear me.
Remus.
You're still running on the vacuum cleaner.
Here comes the rubber, rubber, rubber.
Get out of here.
Remus, and take that blue bird with you.
All right.
I'll be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean?
How about done with you?
What?
I've done.
Sir.
I'll put him in your job.
But sir.
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Remus in there.
I don't like to be present in a Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutbag.
Bye, bye, bye.
