Act that nobody else had this morning. Yeah, yeah, he could have thanks to you
Okay, no, you can't you can't fool me. You're just using them to aggravate me. I don't want I'm a baby for my birthday
That's on the day of my daughter's wedding. Yeah, that's exactly right. So you what 63? That's all
Yeah, that's all
What does that mean I'm 65 you're 65? Yeah, no, you're not yes. I am 1940 65. Yep. I just look you
This once before that's right. You're the oldest I'm in the middle and then the
Your good post buddy. He's like turd and he's the turd
Yeah, I didn't bring him up today
I am we're just talking about age okay? I heard
I heard when we first came to town he told the very that he was like in his mid 30s or something like that
He also said he was gonna revolutionize sports talk and I don't start we did nobody else would put
Fill my eyes on it widow on and just when we finally tried to like mend our way
I heard yesterday
Yes, they turned us down he did yes and very nice way. I mean, you know
He didn't there wasn't surly random. This is no thank you. I'm assuming maybe he had some lunch before he came in
I thought that was the ultimate olive branch right well. I've tried I keep trying and so Gordon is helping as the Chinese said
It doesn't seem to work
65 my god you're a senior citizen. Yeah, although in a lot of places 62 now a senior citizen a lot of places 70 years
In fact if I go like oh, this has been going on for a couple of years now going to certain drug chain your drugstore
Yeah, and I'll go to the checkout and I'll say oh are you a 62? I said no for the movies
You want to get to be 70 I'm not gonna be a 60 to I just I don't need the senior discount. It's just too embarrassing
I won't use it either. Yeah, you can get it at the movies. I would never know why I should say that then is do I look 62 and they say oh yeah
And then some yeah bad
Why you see a coast to show you when I first came to town
That's all I talked to was old farts and I've become one 30 years later. You've joined that's gonna be the big day march first
That's gonna be 30th anniversary in Miami
Even though all I do is read the newspaper to the audience
But nevertheless somehow we're still fumbling our way along look at Miami where it was 30 years ago
Yeah, now sure is held beats what it is now. That's why I don't want to be there. Oh brother
You couldn't be there. I wouldn't be there. I retire if I had to be there. It was a great place
It was it's a great place. It was a fun place. It was clean. It was uh the beaches really uh son and fun uh and then of course
I got taken over by old farts and by right winners chase all the kids out at spring break
Yeah, that's one and I think that's one of the hell of a job of catering to the young crowd not with Gary Puckett
Union gap and that crap so what did getting what a getting rid of spring break do for for larga killed it
I think so killed it. That was great. Everything got taken up by the condo commandos
They don't want any people under the age of a hundred around they don't want anybody who wants to have fun
Anybody it's like uh, it's you know, it's uh outdoor funeral power. I mean that was it for three years now
Great scene spring break. Yeah. Did you or come here?
Did you got the great stoppo down there? You had this series. You had Ed stack and then you had
Nick Navarro and I got Ken Jenny much a fascist sheriff's down here in Broward
We just want to brawl beat the crap out of anybody under the age of 75
That's the deal they catered all the old parts
That's why like in the galt ocean milder or for lauderdale
I want I used to come down as a visitor when I was working in Michigan
I used to come down to Florida as a tourist yep
And I used to stay at the galt ocean milder for lauderdale
But what a what a difference I remember one year I was down there in December and it was before the orange bull and Penn State was staying in hotel
I remember when the jets stayed there before the superbow when yeah when they beat the cults
I mean those were the days and then of course they let that whole area get taken up by condo commandos and so it's uh, you know
They just don't get it. They don't have a clue
And of course the idea of couple more storms and we can't even get the slot machines in much less a full casino
Right what a joke
It is a joke and then of course the thing on South Beach was supposed to replace that a York Hall
What's her name with the green teeth? Oh, uh, Caputman very good barber caputman. Boy you're a sharp today for an old fart
Barber Campon man. We don't need casino is we invented Art Deco right she invented art treco
And then of course we had our treco and that was really big for a while and of course the South Beach is going to hell in a handbag
It's getting it's kind of a changing neighborhood and uh, what's that beach is alive now?
The okay, whatever you say it is well, it is alive, but uh, well
We'll see it's happening South Beach has become what spring break used to be the all yeah
We'll see how long that's gonna last but on your case barber camp everyone's right. We don't need casinos
We got South Beach which does a hell of a lot for four lauderdale by the way in Broward County
You know what South Beach is uh, I watch guys on sports center the other night all their tarmac
Uh, had the new heat players gonna love South Beach. Yeah. Well, we'll see who cares. We'll South Beach love them
Okay, no comment whatever that means yeah, no comment. I mean uh droni versace loves South Beach too, and then look what happened to
Forget about the panthers don't travel very well. Do they?
Panthers and the Leafs both laws last night was very depressing hockey night you had to bring that up too
First we had uh, I wrote windbag now. We got the hockey talk. Okay. I'll get off it
So uh, why did he refuse the pizza? He didn't say I mean it's not up to him to say but you are bad
That's what you go back to that no fun when somebody gives it to his better when you steal it
It's more of a challenge. I guess that's it. Yep. In addition to which maybe he stole some before uh, Josh went in there with it
I don't know maybe found some later on in the kitchen. I have no idea
I don't know what he was so upset about it's a true story that's all and it was very funny story and it was
It was amusing it was part of the course
But it just gets so bad out of shape the fact that people reveal I say people yours truly reveals on the air the kind of shenanigans
He pulls
Tim and as far as blame him for the crank calls like I said we are operating now
What would about a third of a deck because almost uh, you still got about 40% of people without power in some places
And you got a lot of people with no phone and in addition to which even the people that do have power in their phone
They they're trying to put their life back together again
They don't have the time to call some stupid ass talk show
So what does he think we're gonna get so it gets a few nut jobs on there right away. Whoa
What are we gonna you know?
I and their days like yesterday I've been chatting get three reasonable calls the whole day. Who cares?
I don't know about you, but I still get paid pretty good whether the calls are good or not
Yeah, I'm not complaining. Yeah, I have no complaints
Bonus check already came in for that great summer book. I mean we got no complaints at all about compensation
You already got that. Oh, yeah, I got it in my deal man 10 days
They got to pay it within 10 days of the number coming out or they all go to jail
They all get bushwacked. I had to say that because I see him on here right now
He's in the summer of the Americas where they hate him even more than they hate him in the US new polls out every day now
And his numbers are dropping like a rock even Joel Feinberg don't have numbers. Well, I take that back
Oh, and when Bush gets down to well, then he'll be right there with Joel
Yeah, they're their pimped word about him again today. Oh, yeah
I'm glad you mentioned that because I put the article on top
Barry although very finally realized that those numbers came out that we beat the crap out of them all
He doesn't give the numbers. He didn't make a big deal out of it. No, at least Sarnie gave him a nice
Passing Sarnie gave the numbers last week. Barry took you a whole week to figure out that we beat the crap out of your buddies over there
At 79 of the ticket and your good pal Hank Sid Rosenberg
They're bringing him very slowly as well
Alan Brown says Alan Brown is great for jerking people around
Yeah, and this is just another example of it. Yeah, I was thinking like we brought for all along slowly
He started on the weekend and they put him on full time then he tried to lose our license and we had a fire as asked but
Sid Rosenberg has got this whole thing. I guess I got to read this. It's very proud
Alan Brown is one of the great failures in local broadcasts Alan Brown
He's a marketing consultant who's supposed to be a broadcast expert. Yeah, with experts like that
They're not into broadcasting they're into marketing. Yeah, he's a marketing guy. So he's taking them right down the tubes
Well, what does he got to do? He's the guy who is structured that whole thing over there. Oh nice job, Alan
downtown Alan Brown and what if he's kind of like downtown Mikey Brown? No, he's getting every other flop and he's got some emails that we can find
You know something he's the guy who sent out that
That phony
Thing about me and the ratings against them against the news show that thing yesterday with those emails from downtown Brownie Brown
And the media course I haven't been talking about anymore, but that that was the most one of the most scandalous things
I've ever seen in my life
People are dying and you wonder why this guy comes on national TV and he says oh, I don't even know there were people
At the convention center 2000 people starting and walking around in feces over there
And he doesn't know that there's people the convention center and he's sending emails back and forth about his suit
And about they tell him he should roll up his sleeves because even a president did that for the photo
Up roll up your sleeves. So if you're not working hard at least make it look like you're doing something
That it's just amazing the way the media lets these people off the hook. They got a and this guy the the worst part of it
He's still on the payroll. Yeah for 147 grand year
He's still on the theme of payroll the son of a bitch. Yeah downtown brownie Brown
heck of a job brownie and bush is popularity ratings like I said are going solo now
But even the right even the right wing nuts are like bail off an edgel. Yeah
The only person who'll go out dinner there is that freeload and guy from England who hasn't ever had a job
A day in his life. Yeah, he's actually our own is a dog faced bitch right go around the world as America's guests
Yeah Charles golf and Camilla bowls
prophetic while there's sports to mind it anyway. Yeah, especially that Camilla. Where's the kilson the high soft place
That's a nice and well. Well, you've been in England. You was there with a high top hat with Dave Johnson that time
Yeah, that picture's on the wall. They were my studio in our morning suits. Yeah
How did that come about? Well, you have to wear that to go into the
Into the equivalent of the clubhouse area it asked got get out of here
It's called the Royal enclosure and you have to wear
That costume to get in there the Royal enclosure. Yeah, is there where they keep the queen? Yes, fact the queen mum
Was there that day? I bet he was
And I was a queen's in that place. He liked her booze the old queen mum
Well, that's what she did she would go out there and they always made sure she had a little bit of vodka with her
And she'd go tooling around in her golf cart and go look at the horses before the races before she would bet the book by kitty
Kelly of the royals. There was one of the great lines. She
She said she hit the buzzer. She was up in her
Up in her quarters in Buckingham Palace and she had the buzzer
She said when audio queens downstairs get through a screwing around down there
This old queen upstairs would like a stiff drink
She was great. Oh, she was she was over a hundred and she was still belt them down. Yeah. Oh, yeah
And one thing about her in Weinstein Churchill
Both big boozers. Yeah
And I don't think she was wild about the rest of her family, you know, they will they all hate each other like poison anyway
Yeah, but she kind of she had genuine disdain for the old group, I think so though she got her shots of vodka
Yeah, well, that's the bridge for you emotionally constituted very sad
I feel sorry for them because they have no hope and suppose the French who have you know as opposed to us
They well look what we've become we've passed them all like they were standing still. Yeah, no as opposed to you
Me no you guys oh you guys. Oh, that's right. You're in that. I'm north of the border. Hey, that's right. I forgot. Yeah
You're in the back of the American passport, but boy, I just keep it legal and that's it. I don't want to know part of that crap
Well, you go for a similar these people are here. You go across the border, don't you? I beg your pardon when you go down in Niagara Falls
Or you stay on that side? I'm back on that again Niagara Falls is in Ontario
So you stay on that side Niagara Falls New York is now that's an idea
I could probably like get a PO box over there and that would be a good scan and just cross the border once in a while and just to have
Distant my passport that but you know who I want to go to Niagara Falls New York
That's not where anybody goes. I keep trying to tell you I once had dinner at Niagara Falls at a restaurant with Rick and Henry
Yeah, before a Buffalo Bills game
We were out there and we went and the three of us went to dinner at this place though overlooking the falls
It was great
We had a good thing about Rick Boy when you went to dinner with Rick Weaver could he ever talk and all about himself
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, he that's all he did was just ramble on and on he was amazing. I enjoyed Henry
And we was fun speaking of f*** having a good pop every now and then
Yeah, he was the he was the wine tasted. That was the official wine taste
He always ordered the wine. Yeah now he has a wine story. We're along with it too. I think he has a wine store enough
You know, he came in one day
I don't remember was the day he brought his his daughter's beautiful by the way
Maybe not but he came in at QAM one day about three four years ago. Have you seen Henry lately? I saw him the last time
I saw Henry was a Rick's funeral. Well, that's a long time ago. Yeah, no since then
I can't talk to you Henry is ballooned up. It looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass and just blew him up
He looked okay when I saw him. No, he's he's gained about
Zidgen pounds
I hope you lost an answer to Henry since I saw you last time you're a good guy
We like to keep you alive man. He got huge see it's there's a difference between people who have been heavy all their lives
I said heavy fat
And then people who were like haven't been in all of a sudden like in middle or later on
Start ballooning up that's bad. Yeah, we're used to us. Huh? We're used
Yeah, where our body is used to the punishment
But he's other guys that have been like you know, Henry was always like a trim and lean
Not skinny, but he was like but now he's enormous his daughter was acting for a while. Yeah, well, she's beautiful
I wonder who the father is
And he was pretty his wife. Yeah, there's definitely an idiot sir. I be damned never met Henry's wife
Well, those are the days man, but you can't live in the past
We have to do the best with what we got right now
Must sent me some of the hourly numbers there and somebody a monthly number is where we had a September to die for
Yeah, the whole station at a huge September and the other place midday had a oh point five
In midday, let me say it again a oh point five speaking of Henry. It's just amazing to me
How how can you even buy and that with a lot of people don't realize is that they don't that's not their radio station
They're leasing that that's still owned by Jefferson pilot. Yeah, I was mentioning the other day above when it was seven 90
WNWS when I was there for a hundred years, you know talking to old farts with all those boring guests
But in any rate, and so they're just leasing it. Yeah, well seven 90 that used to be our farm station every time we had two ball games at the same time
We used to farm one out to a seven 90 members. Kill is they've brought some guys over there from here. No
No, no, but I'm talking about when we hit ball games to farm out there. Yeah, we couldn't yeah, we've got a hockey game
It's gonna be on a station. I never heard of tomorrow 640. Yeah. Oh, please don't tell me that you're I heard the promo for that
Let's see we got the Kings of course because that takes precedence and virginity tech
Which would be on channel 10 by the way? Oh, I shouldn't have said that but the Panther Carolina game Carolina is really awesome
They're playing great, but that's tomorrow night at seven and it says in progress
I'm QAM after the extra point after the hurricane game, etc
All of these things and it's on question markets is it but it's 640 which I never even heard of 640
No, I didn't either can you pick it up and date and brow at 640 is that I think it's a book a stage
It's a pump they were telling me it's a pump beach, but you probably write it's probably a bokeh state. Yeah, 640
I don't know if you ever listen to it bokeh. Oh, yeah
So if you drive you want to hear the game on the radio drive up to like
Broward the pump each line maybe you can hear it
They'll be watching on TV anyway
This whole business like the dolphin games you know once upon a time when we're a lot of blacked out games
Or like if you have a big college game that is non for some reason
But with everything on TV now. What's the big simmous right except the course in this case
There are a lot of people with no power they can listen to it on radio
But they're not going to be able to watch it on TV unless they go to like a sports bar or go to a hangs house, right?
This is true. No seriously. Yeah, there actually is a chance that some people might be listening tomorrow night because
By the way a lot of the bars don't have cable now really although I guess they can get the game on channel
Seven were 10 10 now 10 is carrying it pretty sure you might write about that. Oh the change game you talking about yeah
The dolphins around you know that's gonna be ugly on Sunday
I sure hope but you didn't pick the dolphins to an acting I didn't Tom Curtis did
No, why I think Tom had been different of those magic mushrooms again
Man, it was just like last week you tell me that New Orleans had a chance with deserve to be the favorite neckam
You said it although you picked it up for me in New Orleans right now as the worst team in the league. They really stopped their pathetic
Yeah, they're really bad
Well on that note, I'm about a minute past my first break
But of course these breaks today are so short you do understand that time for me to start the weekend
Yeah, well that means get they get get a hold of the phone like your buddy
Brent Musberger once said I'll never forget that as long as I live it was like a slip of the tongue and it was
It had something to do with a packer game and somebody they just announced somebody was gonna play who wasn't expected to play
He says oh, what do you do you get on the phone and then he just kind of like cut himself off in the stream call your bookies
Brent yeah, call get on the phone and call your bookie. I'm surprised you didn't finish that even Jimmy the geek would have embarrassed by that
Brent is
It does a lot of horse racing now I did was I did three shows with him last year. Oh, you know that
I don't know must have been some kind of a special deal
But if I forget what day it was but Trevor Denman called erases at Belmont one day
Uh, uh, uh, Breeders Cup. Oh, is that what it was?
Although no, he wouldn't Tom Durkin did the breeder's cup right? No, it wasn't the breeder's cup
There was one day during the week though that they had it my guess they invited me
They have a day where they invite yeah guys from all the track all the announcers and I
Aquaduct not bell marks. Excuse me. Sorry, Aquaduct. Aquaduct is open now. Yeah, but
1225 and by the way now did you hear my plea for you yesterday?
Was a mention of a guy named Bill who says he's been listed for 18 years faxed me the thing they ran a full card yesterday
The poker room is open. I heard you yes, so um, I actually watched a couple raises from Calder
Yeah, I didn't bet on him of course
Calder at 1225 this afternoon is open and you got Aquaduct Churchill would buy in thoroughbred 1255 Santa Nita
Man, you ought to be busy all afternoon. Sounds good to make a football. Huh sounds good to me. I'd rush to the phone. I mean
Call up rent
Got some good numbers for you. All right. Okay. Have a great weekend. Yeah, you too. Good luck to us. Thanks
You
It's f significance
tonight
On celebrity poker
page
6,000
I call you
I don't care who you are, you fairy.
How much?
6,000 dollars.
It's an awful lot of money.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
What do you got, guys?
You just cost me 6,000 dollars.
And one catapult.
We can do it.
All this is, that's an excitement you can expect from low budget dumb down television.
Like this viewer here.
That was funny.
Oh, God, I want to die.
It becomes a freshy jello with a chair with celebrity poker on ESPU.
Then 17 at 5.60 WQAM, happy Friday, happy birthday to me and Berkeley and Cheryl,
everybody else celebrates the birthday today or tomorrow, tomorrow's the day, of course.
Maybe we went into a special Saturday show, what are you saying?
Yeah, you do that.
No.
We got Miguel in there today.
Miguel is there for Georgia.
He was still sick and I think I'd sue F.E.
You know, I got all the F.E. in all numbers.
It's not a pretty picture.
I'll say that right now.
It's a very ugly picture.
It's nasty.
It's unacceptable.
I don't want to excuse this.
I don't want stories.
I want to hear about, well, now is the mono, a mono, a house to a house.
I don't want to hear that.
The people who are like desperate right now, including a still a hell of a lot of over 400,000, by the way,
all virtually all in South Florida.
They're pissed off and fired up.
They've had it.
They have had it.
Florida, plunder and loot.
F.U.
Anyway, for our poll today, another reason I didn't put the new poll on it to like right before the show is it's a building poll.
Because those were my products.
How come Josh the flavor wave oven isn't doing better?
Remember we put that on there once before about informational stuff you bought?
Yeah, I mean, I think honestly, because a lot of people don't have it.
They don't know the great things.
Why not?
I don't know.
The way that you and Georgia and I have raved about it and rightfully so it's not a sponsor.
We have nothing for free from them, but I use that thing virtually every day of my life.
I think I do use it every day.
Yeah.
Well, what's not to like?
I mean, it's easy to clean and you don't have to worry about like a microwave.
You can put a tinfoil in it or row it's just a pleasure.
It blows the form in a way like it's not even close.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's kind of hard to cook a chicken in the form and lean mean.
I mean, I like the lean mean grilling machine, but it's kind of hard to cook a,
well, anything like that in there.
Anyway, add to the poll Toyota Prius Hybrid says Rob and Fort Myers.
The Toyota Prius Hybrid.
We're delighted that somebody out there is getting hybrid vehicles without wasting all of that oil.
Okay, that precious oil.
So I will get to what that pool is in them and the Nutri-Gina.
Now, I didn't put on body emulsion because Nutri-Gina makes a lot of product.
And I went, actually when I'm lying last night and I looked up the reviews of it,
we don't have to worry about how many breaks we do this.
So I will look, see what I'm saying.
We'll get to one.
We can do jam two of them together if you want.
Unless you've already programmed them.
Yeah, I did, but well, that's, don't worry about it.
Don't get them all in.
There's no pressure.
We have no spots.
Let's face it.
We have no spots at all.
They have to go out in the street corner to do dollar or a holler.
A lot of cancellations, a lot of people, it's the hurricane.
A lot of tradeouts, though, that's good to see.
Somebody's getting something.
But anyway, I went online and I've all reviewed, there were a couple of saw-ups,
oh, this stuff was crap.
But all of them, the rest of them gave them five stars and just raved about.
This stuff is like a miracle.
So I wish George could be there like at his vote.
Well, maybe he came from home.
Well, he came because he got no power, no internet.
He's still out sick.
I've tried it.
It is probably the best.
You're talking about the long bottle would like the hand soap top?
Yeah.
Body emulsion.
Yeah.
It is just, and you guys out there don't think this is like a girly thing.
I mean, they make all kinds of girly stuff.
I thought you wouldn't want to buy.
You know, I don't have it, though.
At my public, they don't fill it.
But why not go to your Walgreens?
Okay.
I'll guarantee you, I'll bet you made it Bell's life on it right now that you're a
nutrient-in-a-body emulsion at your Walgreens guaranteed.
Where they have all the skin cream crap.
It's fabulous.
It just, I can't, it changes your whole life.
If you've got dry skin, especially this time of year when you start with the artificial
heat up north and whatever.
Anyway, a lot of faxes here.
Let's see.
I was told that Key West has a power company up in the FPL and the power has long since been
restored.
Can anyone substantiate?
Well, we'll find out.
I don't know about that to you.
Anything but FPL.
Go FPL rhymes with GoToHell and they're not too swell.
Oh, here's one that's got somebody idea for a poll.
That's always a welcome, believe me.
And somebody faxing article about the okay Jack Abramoff, really know all about him and
that.
Here's one from Lawn and Sherry Jacobson.
Long time faxes and listeners.
It says Happy Birthday.
Heartfelt, happy birthday.
It was you.
Thank you, Lawn and Sherry.
You're a national treasure.
We're lucky to have you to ourselves all these years for the most part.
Well, you're right.
You're absolutely right.
Please try to get Joe Biden quote ripping her Rumsfeld while he was growing condol easily during confirmation
of Secretary of State.
An additional contribution your highly rated program would be the website costobor.com.
The site looks like a slot machine on steroids.
It would be interesting to see how much money we're wasting in the course of your four-hour show.
Lastly, please inform your listeners, staff and friends to run out and see good night and good luck.
It's right up there with network.
Yeah, that's the Ed Mural movie.
Good night and good luck.
It's right up there on network, huh?
Oh, boy.
No, it's not for you.
You wouldn't appreciate it because you're not it's for old parts like me.
Remember Edward R. Mural.
I mean, you might appreciate it, but you don't know Joe McCarthy.
You don't know anything about that era, which was very ugly.
And of course, the fact that we're going through it again now would have tremendous censorship
and no more freedom of speech in a way that the administration is like hijacked the media
and everybody's under enormous duress and can't say this and can't say that.
And we're all getting joist.
You know, it does have significance today, but you would definitely not enjoy it.
The significance is good, but the movie needs to be a little entertaining here and there.
Like I said, we don't want you to watch it.
Oh, an SUV plowed into a way of something there.
I just missed the end of it.
And then Mrs. Limbaugh came back from my screen.
It's at 10.23 a.m.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 a.m.
Neil God.
Happy day to you.
Happy day to you.
Happy day.
Happy day to you.
Thank you.
Now what was the story on there?
First of all, let me ask you this, Josh, is my inner come not working anymore?
Because I'm sitting here screaming at people at various times.
And nobody, there's no response.
Well, right there.
No one's microphone was opened during that break.
I'm hearing all these.
Bapapapapa.
Bapapapa in the back one.
I'm screaming on the inner come.
Hey, somebody's mic is open.
I can hear somebody, a national team back there.
Well, I happen to be in the main studio.
So I guess something was on all three mics were off in here.
Yeah.
One of those mysterious things, I guess.
So the door was coming through.
It was just coming through like the ceiling or something?
Yeah, the big floor.
Maybe it was coming through the mizuzza on the doorframe there,
which isn't seeming to help much today.
What was that?
All the, all the, all the, all the, all the screaming and carrying on.
Or was that all about?
We're loud over here.
Yeah.
Well, dummy up.
Yeah, talk over the commercials.
Got only those.
What kind of swall you were us?
Spu and out.
Who knows?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, well, we're going to need a lot, we need to build that pool,
but I'll get to it.
We'll eventually get to it.
See, I didn't put like a brand of body wash because that would be ridiculous
because it's like, like I said yesterday, it is like 85,000 different brands.
Just body wash generic.
I mean, some of the other ones are a specific brand and in that one, it's like generic.
Although the hot and the has been in and of you see what bad influence I am?
11 people have voted for that.
I didn't even vote for that.
I voted for Nutri-Gena.
You are?
You started the ice cream craze.
Yeah.
When I started the facial, the thing would have been in juries and the bagel bites and the
Volker burgers and now onto this, the banana nut, which will kill you, by the way.
It is the most addictive flavor of, I know what there is about it.
And when I read that article about cinnamon, it helps with your blood sugar, which is a
crockered crap, by the way, that's baloney.
But so what I did is I went out and I bought a bottle of cinnamon.
Hey, you were believing that for a while.
I was.
And then I started trying to eat cinnamon toast and of course that's all carbs.
You know, the bread, you can't eat bread when you die.
But it was a blood sugar with skyrocketing.
I thought, why are you a maniac or what?
Yes.
Well, first of all, what am I eating ice cream for in the first place when you got diet BBs?
But then I started sprinkling the cinnamon.
You know, I have to put the banana nut in the microwave for 99 seconds and temper it to a nice, soft texture.
And then you sprinkle, as you're eating it, you sprinkle a more and more cinnamon on there.
And boy, does that go good with that banana nut?
It's just a good combination.
Hey, we stopped.
Stop.
Please.
No, that's bad.
Okay, let's start with this.
It's official.
And Miguel is there today, but you know something.
If I read a whole bunch of stuff too bad, you know, I read the letter you like it or not, I don't care.
In fact, you can go commiserate a 155.
Go in a hallway and commiserate with your buddy out there.
Oh, he does his read the newspaper all day.
Hey, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
Now I'm a little bit lost. We got two more of those quickie breaks this hour's edit. No, no, I just put those together so you got one more. So I meant to you know, okay, the other thing is the reason we had that problem before, I would guarantee you this is that in the studio there where Miguel is sitting his face is that the microphones which you don't know whether it's on or off. See, you know, it's great that our- I don't feel like work. Will you listen to me? It works, but when you shut it off, it's a lot of times it's not off. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Yeah, we've had that problem before. Many, many times.
And what I was starting to say before you open up your recubin mouth is that our operations manager and our program director between the two of them, you know, it's nice coming in and showing me that we had a nine share and man and all of a sudden stuff. That's a real nice ego boost, but the fact of the matter is it would be a lot more appreciated if after all these years now. I mean many years that we've been correction about that you get some engineer in that place to go in and fix the buttons on that board so that even though I'm not there that George might just since he sits in there all the time and anybody else that's in that would know what a mic is on and off. I mean,
in broadcasting 101, it's a good idea to be able to know if your microphone is on or off. I know that really stretching it a lot, especially at this place, which is far from a real radio station, but that would be a real good idea is to see if maybe we can get an engineer in there like a two o'clock would be good or even now would be good so that they can replace the ball bonnet thing or there's a short whatever the thing is in that pot and fix it please would be nice. There's other pots on that board that we don't even ever use. Never. So if it's the pot they can replace the pot or they can just buy some from the chiefs.
So welcome, mastermind steeds. No no no. I want to buy the dollwen
best product you've discovered in the past couple of years you've bought or discovered
where I'm assuming if you've discovered it you bought it and we've only got a few of
mine because we you know I got other fish to fry here I got some info to pass along
and we'll get to it okay.
89 votes.
Body Wash 36.
Tog and Dice Banana Nut Ice Cream 14.
It is so good it's obscene.
Online banking 13.
Nutrigena we're talking about the body emulsion 12 man.
It's like a miracle if you got dry cracked flaking skin and even like hate going outside
of the house because people are like oh, Fooey.
You know this stuff is it's it's a miracle.
Chainsaw 7.
Toilet a prius hybrid 4 and the flavor wave oven 3 now that's good.
I mean maybe those people don't watch infomercials but you don't have to watch infomercial you
can go and do a Google on flavor wave deluxe and you can buy that by the way from a whole
bunch of different places you can save a few bucks on it but man that is that is one
of the most fabulous things you'll ever buy and you'll use it every single day.
Yes.
I just can't imagine not using it.
Anyway, let's see.
Here's the FPL numbers from 6 a.m. this morning.
Do they have a 10 a.m. no?
Of course not.
And we got a story where they're all there.
I got some new information from them.
No restoration nearly done in northern Palm Beach, St. Lucian Martin.
We don't care about St. Lucie or Martin counties.
And to be honest we don't care about North Palm Beach either because they can't hear us.
Screw them.
Oops.
Maybe we do have somebody in North Palm Beach you think?
Probably not.
Broward County as a 6 this morning.
660,000 300 of them restored but 11 days after Wilma went blow and through 200 and 2500
including the poor George Rodriguez who still sick as a dog him and his whole family.
They're still in here in those generator fumes.
200,000, 500 and Broward.
That's a fifth of a million people still out with no power 11 days later in Broward County.
That is totally unacceptable.
It's a scandal is what it is.
It's outrageous.
And let me say it again.
If it took if you're at 17,000 and you brought in like a few more you should have had
40,000 people working on this job because it's unreasonable further.
This expectation that people are going to sit in on their ass and their life isn't
going to get back together again for weeks and weeks and weeks after a category 3 hurricane.
This wasn't Andrew it wasn't a category 5 it wasn't a category 4 it wasn't even Katrina
in the Gulf it was a category 3 it was nasty but it sure as all wasn't what it could
have been.
Man you talk about totally unprepared.
Unprepared.
Dade County 784,200 and 172,300 still out almost 200,000.
And in Palm Beach County 594,200 restored and only 69,300.
Now let me just tell you this.
According to this list that they put out themselves there is nobody in any other county
in the state that doesn't have power.
Not even one person according to this.
Not one.
Zero Zipady Duda.
444,100 households in the state are without power and they're all in Broward, Dade and
Palm Beach in that order.
A play on FPNL.
Okay a play on you and your house.
Let's see here's the facts it says.
Good night and good luck is fantastic so it's for nobody in South Florida especially
those who are afraid of bodywashed.
Excellent facts thank you.
What a bunch of a whoooses man.
Just a little pad that's all just a little like an nylon.
Oh God.
And you're smear your you're you're you're moistening it under the out of the shower.
You're smear your stuff on there you put the bottle away and you got enough on there
for your whole body and then some and then maybe if you want to do like a little extra
cleansing then that you handle the hand part what you're doing there make sure you got
everything nice and clean and sanitary.
It's pretty sad day when you got to tell adults how to take a shower this is pretty sad.
No I'm all three you guys.
And the best part of it is I'm supposed to be the screaming faggot and you guys are
like oh so afraid what are you afraid of?
You're afraid somebody's going to know I'm going to send you each a pink one how's
that?
I'm going to go about authentic into the station.
I got a gay green one right here.
I just you know what's gay about green okay except for leprechauns what's gay about green
is nothing about green.
See what you just got through sin that's what you're afraid of.
If you use that you're not going to make you that's what does it.
It makes you gay.
In fact you got an eye hurt here you guys make a lot of noise there in a day and room
before and that's what was going on.
Too late now.
Yeah that's what was going on in there.
It's sound like an orgy in there for Christ's sake.
And I'm screaming let me ask you seriously does my intercom work it's very very low.
Well why why don't you crank it up so you can hear it that's the idea.
Here's the thing I can't you can't what that's another engineer other technical piece of
crap that we have because I have it there and up and it's like a whisper like a
drop and you know I'll hear you I got to turn everything down in here for me to hear
you.
Well that's great.
Another engineering piece of crap that needs to get fixed up and what are your name is
clearance clearance.
God are they a couple of quizzlings.
Oh you're so good I don't need to hear I'm so good I know I'm so good okay I've had
eight billion of these damn ratings and you know something the side from the bonus on
here you can take it and wipe your ass with it.
We want some work done in there we want something to show that you care about this show as
opposed to always treat us like the odd man out.
I bet you dof uses body wash and I guess you that's why they can muff.
I bet he's got a anyway.
Here's one it says the internet's hook up ain't working oh yes it is.
No no way.
Let me just take a look I know that's a bunch of crap.
No dropout.
What?
No there's zero dropouts and I can tell whether it's working out I can go on here on
the stats and I can see if we got some people listening online let me take a puke at
it okay.
I don't believe your facts you're full of it.
No it's just just like it always is.
So you're wrong about that it says try oil of the way a late body wash combines nutrient
like stuff with soap.
Well I got so many different kinds in there and I do have a lot of the soft soaps remember
you were saying yes they use the soft soap.
Yeah get the green one.
No I got the honey one.
It's called milk and honey.
Right well go get your 20th bottle and yeah get the green one.
Get the honey too yeah.
Okay well that's everywhere it's very common it's off so that's okay it's not my favorite
my favorite is when I was telling you about that day the I don't remember what it is
now I'd have to go in there look at the bottle.
Let's do a whole show on body wash and clean up this damn town.
Anyway here's the facts from PR Ralph me would be 100 me 101 so I can remember the great
shows I've heard you do because in the last 18 years I started listening you've had great
shows mobile gift start pouring in oh yeah haha oh yeah as a birthday if we got a studio
that's falling apart that nobody will fix in there what a bunch of slackards that's what
most of the people that are building here that's why I'm glad that I'm out there it's
not that I dislike them it's just that they're slackards you know they just fumbled their
way by some people achieve greatness in life and other people just achieve what they try
when that's mediocrity it says enjoy your birthday hope you get everything you want
Luis Miguel Orlando and Rique Gleis said okay whatever I'm doing just fine.
Let's see here's some more facts is happy birthday Niela says even my homophobic husband
uses the mesh that's it the mesh buff that's it it's a mesh thing it's nylon man it's not
like some kind of little girly thing yeah mesh this for his liquid soap I however use
liquid soap along with my bar soap for my privates the mesh is a little rough no I wouldn't
allow on whatever it says for your pull how about the internet okay the internet's good
there are people I get over their little scroll better late than never like Hank if he
looks long enough he'll always start using the internet I feel so bad about that he's missing
out especially a sport a gambling fanatic and a sports fanatic how can you not have the internet
right get it all done right there oh man it's just the possibilities are endless here the Volca
Bottoms says Listerine Pocket Stiffs best new product now you were telling me was it you were
George like yeah you're like making well I mean I'm not a big fan of men's anyway but those
things are vital either are they brutal like they make a cry they're like the original Listerine
you know I have now there's a new green Listerine that doesn't have supposedly doesn't have
that awful taste of the original Lister I have it and it's for ginger via ginger vitus and of
course being in that that's where I've more got that whole thing because if they out I had ginger
vitus but do you know actually I don't have ginger vitus yet yeah I'm working on it no but I do
have my when I get my teeth clean they bleed a little bit I think that's for my diabetes baby
but anyway she gave me the I got a real good dentist here now I'm kind of like switching
all over you know like I said the less I'm there the better just keep it legal and
stamp the passport and I'll see in a couple of months that's it in fact my visits there are like
shorter shorter and shorter three days here four days there that's enough that's more than
enough okay here's a little berry jack I says okay well let's get some of these products on the
pool and then we can go to all this important stuff okay WQAM hello moist ass wipe moist ass wipe
well believe me better by by the case WQAM hello Neil happy birthday sir thank you hey I don't
understand the problem with the body wash I just get my biggest fluffy is the face cloth and that
ladders up there you go but definitely not not with a hand always all of that no the hand it doesn't
work with a hand but it's just it's because the texture of it it's just like slides off your hand
under the shower floor and that's it down the drain it goes I guess when you look I guess when
you're loaded like Josh and Miguel and the George you're going to afford to do that I guess happy
birthday Neil thanks a lot Pally you know see that's not that's not how it goes I mean you
know it is how it goes right down the drain no that's not how it goes you got to be smart about it
if you figure out how to do it why why but I'm telling you there there is no there why do I like
that guy like why do I want to use a wash cloth scrub in the same places every day like what am I
going to have to buy a new watch the wash the wash cloth is absorbent unless you're and your hand
unless it's abnormal is not okay your hand is not absorbent your hand is a smooth surface it
slides right over there because you'll notice that most of these body washes are kind of like
slippery they have a certain kind of texture to them yeah but even with the wash cloth for it to
sit up you have to use a lot of it how would you know because that's what I try to with with the
wash cloth well go get you a muff I don't want to use that muff you fairy w-k-y-m hello hey Neil
like an FBNL spy report I just saw about 60 electrical trucks coming down south from the
terrified from Jackson Mississippi yeah so I guess they totally it how do you know they're coming
from Jackson Mississippi well it says the name of the electric company is the Jackson Miss uh-huh
so yeah they're on their way to help out FBNL okay well they better they better floor it I'll
do that thanks for the good news they're on their way help is on the way okay just take a deep breath
and that's it that's the end during the break I'm gonna go in there and get my little um scrubby
thing you do that I am and mine is pink by the way I'm sure it is you know I mean what
there is a make WQ ads the one they had there Q a m hello all right good morning Neil when is
the happy birthday to you my thank you listen uh eat uh eat uh eat there is a body wash that is
very expensive but it's super good you got a lot of money you can buy a hair unloaded man
her and me it goes yeah thirty bar thirty dollars a bottle but uh thirty dollars a bottle yes
yeah yeah but it's very very good you want to see it what what you call a squeegee it that's
like an esponje isn't it it can't be there's all different kind yeah those around but but this
is no but this isn't the one I use is a nylon thing it's yeah yeah it's a nylon
foam yeah sure right on that point you finish you wash it exactly that's exactly why when
you're finished doing that you put it under the shower you exactly all the body where the the
soap goes out and you put it back exactly exactly where you would put your soap or nearly a
stick it on there and there it is how is it possible that anybody can live as long as these guys
have living we got to instruct them how to take a freaking shower is there hope for America or what
no listen I hope you can find an article about Mr. Tomliss on the finally got out of national
public radio and I haven't I got it oh okay I hope you read it and let me tell you a couple of
days ago you spoke about the really Miguel you know after the third pandemic the uh that
undiespitched that Mr. Bush did you know about this is the politics of fear but let me tell you
we are we have a pandemic in the United States is a political social economical and ethical pandemic
and you know something is caused by the turkey in the White House yeah there you go
it's just in time for Thanksgiving man I hope the book of Brian can do something with the pandemic
and the turkey in the one yeah he can do something with the turkey I think Jerry Butler wants
to something within the movie too let's ask the cameo hey to some ago yeah well let me tell
are we gonna take a closer yes and close in even this situation with NPR and PBS got to
South Florida the lady that is in charge of the univision radio stations in Miami is now in the
border director of WLRN Mr. Lee Bowen Lee Bowen who was a chairman of the publisher of the Miami
head of the chairman of PBS oh my god for for a change yeah take that and stick it
in the face out okay say goodbye goodbye my friend we've been urge this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
this is the Neil Rogers show this is your brain
you're watching the new PBS now be hold into George W. Bush
Hosanna and the highest and creator of all being seen and unseen to better serve our glorious
leader we have bill moyers removed and shot and sold all 10 burns and used in New York documentaries
you'll be pleased to know that we have replaced them instead with Michael Matt Bedden Carlson Tucker
on continuous video your mandatory donation to the RNC of $1,000 or more will give you your choice
of a tote bag or an authentic forearm tattoo if you don't like it PBSU
it's 11.1 at 5.60 WQ and we got the mole master Howard David the pizza thief at 2 Jim Manichad
Hooters and Pembroke finds it says 4.7 a bigger part in the row well and why does it say here
Hooters and Pembroke find at whatever he then the row well it's just another example of these
guys they just can't get the schedule right they won't get our buttons pressed right they're
just too busy diddling around running around like big shots you know you don't know what I was
thinking also about what were you thinking about Howard and the Curtis and Len at 7 at Kaplan
at 10 yes about why I'm thinking why maybe Howard has no idea what he did like when I did that
maybe he would have thought it was funny but I'm thinking maybe he has no idea because when you
said that on the air he was in when I said what when you said what he did when he took the pizza
he was in New York right so like to him he might not even know what's going on with that he knows
what's going on believe me the two guys evidently were upset enough that there was in the kind
of an issue made of it he he knows what's going on he knows what he did but again that that is
a good excuse because that's a standard excuse he did do nothing you know he didn't do nothing
just like uh I will now see you're starting again I got two more and stuff here no yes you are
yes you are you're the he's gonna come after you're asked next man I'm telling you that right now
you are so far over the top you're worse than Hank oh yeah all these people try to like
inspire me to go after the most my close personal buddy the mole master who I even had you but
you wasn't your idea yesterday I was the guy that said let's have a piece of offering
off from some nice pizza he did up in a microwave and going to offer my slicer too exactly and
I did it for a common well guess what if you don't want an Howard your mama that's my response
okay too bad we offered you your mama I've tried over and over and over and over and and I
grant you the one time he did try it under in the parking lot after he told me to F off and
the F the ground I walk on and the way just the started to go in hysterical and he did make that
one effort I went in and lasted less than one day because when he started on the beast the next
morning I thought to myself this man is just if constant it when he's got to be a war with somebody
we can't function he's got to be a war with the world well it's kind of hard to function inside a
place of business when there's somebody in it who's always at war with everybody you know so I'm
glad I'm not there anyway I looked on oh here's the story so you got me thrown way off
kilter which is good because it kills him good time the story that our amigo was talking about
and I moved it up in my pile and I'm around her him because I got and I actually brought my
thing in here I got my thing your lupa it was just get a grip on your soap which I think well
they have they have a website LEAFA is the brand name leafa.com and you visited that website
having I just did okay just now because I had no idea what the brand who would look at the
brand name when you buy something like this it's just one of those things you know when you go
to a drugstore and on the end of each aisle they have a few things hanging there like odds and
ends well this is one of those things where they have all the body washes on the hooks on the
counters there they have a bunch of these because it's the kind of thing when you buy your body wash
any normal person would also buy this to apply it with all right and he person was not all up
tight and where everybody's gonna think there's some kind of a queen now first this story now get
to my leafa I even brought in some of my done under naturals now I'm telling you okay
hey look you laugh all you want didn't I turn George out of that saint ives that whatever that
one is the orange stuff with the beads in it he's obsessed with that he's even bricking it probably
right now it's can't hurt in his circumstances or he think I know my body I know my body wash
mister trust me what I tell you I mean I have much of a body but I know my body wash and I keep
it squeaky clean doesn't help but I keep it squeaky clean and the body too anyway Kenneth
Tomlinson the former board chairman of the corporation for public broadcasting are accused by critics
of trying to politicize public television and radio as resigned from the board it said yesterday
Tomlinson and a Republican quit shortly before CPB Inspector General Kenneth Conns was to publish
a report after investigating his activities including paying outside researchers to check public
programming for liberal bias Kenneth Tomlinson you bastard you critics including broadcasters
and congressional democrats accused Tomlinson of trying to advance his own conservative agenda
in public broadcasting which is supposed to be nonpartisan details of the investigation having
been reported it also looked at the selection the former co-chair of the Republican National Committee
as CPB president of the center of Byron Dorgan and North Dakota Democrat the CPB said both the
board and Tomlinson believed it was in the best interest of the CPB the corporation for
peabry broadcasting that he stepped down just like brownie brown who's still on a payroll by
the way but he's got a hell of a nice suit that he bought it Nordstrom's roll up your sleeves brownie
make it look like you're doing something the board doesn't believe that mr. Tomlinson
act of maliciously or with any intent to harm CPB or public broadcasting and the board recognizes
the mr. Tomlinson strongly disputes the findings and he soon to be released in Inspector General's
report the board said in the statement the board recommended Tomlinson they commended him for his
legitimate efforts to achieve balance and objective rise to turn it away spacious
popping it up don't forget the board I see this originally this originally was intended for soap I
never realized that yes see how they're putting the soap in that pocket there holy moly rat man you see
that it stays the soap stays in the mid for awesome leather usually who would left over soap pieces too
so for those of you who are still using soap forget about that that's not what I'm using it for
what you do is you take it and you smear you put it under the shower you get it wet and then you
take and you smear enough you cover basically the surface of it with your body wash you close up your
body wash and you forget about it and then you have enough on it for a great shower and it shows the
new lovely fake colors that's available in there's the pink one that I got it's available like in white
in green and purple all the colors of the rainbow there you go just about what's not to like I
didn't even realize that till now that that you met in the best part you're missing the best part
what's that when you buy three you get the free hug oh you get a free shower hook there is the hook
to get you to buy it you get a free shower hook when you buy three but I'll up until this moment
I never realized that they opening there the mid part is to stick your soap in if you're still
using soap god forbid don't use soap man it's just oh unclean unclean even if you're the only one
using it I mean there is hair in it and god only knows what other kind of creepy critters crawl
around the thing with a body wash it's in sin a bottle man it's untouched by human hands and glands
it's a pristine and clean fit for a queen you know I'm saying a body wash is good got it got it
I don't know I have so much trouble selling that let's see so far and we'll get a whole
much more on these if I decide to take any calls 154 what's the best product you've discovered
in past couple years body wash 45 online banking 38 the internet's 19 hog and I's banana not ice
cream 17 don't start I'm trying to right now do not start new chugina 14 chainsaw 10 twitter
will plus hybrid seven and the flavor weight having eight wave oven only four we're just we're
just not very effective in getting that thing they're going you know hey it's there it's there
well answer your loss we like it a lot your loss cooking the old fashioned way and I guarantee you
I mean I'm not even going to win with somebody Q a m hello yes sir this is Neil sounds like me yeah hey
I just want to comment on the body wash the lufa is definitely the way to go and for those homophobes
in the other room there they could try a product called a X E yeah I've seen that a spoty one
and it's great I mean it's got like a half a dozen different fragrances and women love it
yeah all very manly fragrances and soaps for barbarians excellent good very well said pali thanks
soaps for barbarians who are living in the distant past so let me ask you a question that's one of
the ones I meant to mention the other members tell me all these different brands out there
very small bottle though the axe body wash is it really yeah well well that's good in that big
raise you should no problem I'd stock up on it I get like all the different flavors I'd start
drinking it wq a m hello hey is Neil there speaking Neil yeah I gotta say axe is the worst body
wash try something else it's still worse it smells like axe my penis makes a good brand okay and also I
had another point that I just lost it I've got to get Neil and you too thank you he's so
whipped up about his the biggest body wash see everybody and their brothers using body wash but
it's still a closet kind of a thing we oh it's such a let's a feminine thing we all guys we all
guys got to use a real soap like lava soap that's like pumice it's like rubbing your skin with
a rock pumice ever use lava soap no god forbid you talk about roughened gritty it's kind of
shmitty lava soap I gotta use a real manly I'll tell you one something you know uses ivory soap
when my mother used to come to my house to care the dogs want to be a way on vacation she always
would replace whatever soap I had with an old bar a white ivory soap if there's anything that
I despise in the world white ivory soap is absolutely the worst you ever ever had the misfortune
using it yeah it's just like using it like trying to wash yourself with lard you know it is literally
oh fully and it's just a whole consistency and then of course because it's like real bright white
you get a hair on it oh you want to just heave that thing out the window you know what I'm saying
I know what you're saying it's one thing if you're like using an iris spring and there's like a
little hair in there somewhere you don't even see it unless you're searching for it unless you're
neurotic about such things and want to worry about where that hair came from love the iris spring
iris spring is okay if you're going to use soap but it's so we don't use that no more in fact
I wouldn't surprise me because all the other ones coast coast makes some body wash I have a
little rule in the other room right now a little left in the bottle a dial just about every
maker that makes soap makes body wash because they realize that the soap is on the way out that's
right zest that's right oh zest is good now have you tried that yet no there's three different
flavors man the zest is one of the best trust me when I tell you one the neat thing about the zest
is that the bottle is upside down the label the label is upside down so that when you put the
bottle on your counter there on your little ledge in the shower of your put the the it's just
strange you have to look at the way it's made very unique but good stuff it sits on the cap
I beg your pardon it sits on the cap I don't know the cap is on top of when you put it with the cap
off then the the printing the label is upside down when you go out and stock up on it you'll see
okay I can't be friends very jackass rights I don't want to get behind you again this hour
because I know we had a lot of trade outs but I mean a lot of stuff what do we got on here for a
trade outs I think we're going to start exposing some of those and some of the people in the building
who are using the trades you know I know Greg has got a lot of nice suits now that's all right Greg
goes out and buys his own suits okay he doesn't have to trade out clothing all right he could use
a trade out haircut though seven ninety the ticket rights little Barry hey Barry you fairy
which trail QA him in the recently released summer ratings via substantial margin that's as close
as he can come being the page utility is and saying that we wall up their ass substantial margin
my fat ass very we destroyed him we demolished him we wiped our butt with him okay you foamy little
piece of crap the ticket ticket with its line up Thursday announcing Jeff DeForest will shift
from evenings to mornings five to seven a.m. that's the kiss of death that's like getting the pink
30 on wheel of fortune on the wheel starting Monday the station plan to have former New York talk show
sit Rosenberg replaced DeForest from eight to 10 p.m. but changed its mind instead promoted after
an update anchor Kevin Rogers well guess what Joel you got the wrong Rogers on your station that's
your problem among many others Rosenberg will begin at seven ninety ten year as a fill in and weekend
host beginning at three p.m. a Saturday we're being very cautious now we move forward with Rosenberg
seven ninety's Allen downtown brown said hey Allen Brown you've gone down I would say you're going
down we already did it they can't go down no more not much more Rosenberg comes with baggage
rights little Barry he entered rehab in March for alcohol and cocaine abuse and also his
battle leg gambling addiction although he says he hasn't gambling in last couple of years he did
climb to say if one of his other redictions led to his not by choice departure from the fan in
New York his downfall of the fan began when he appeared at a September 10th Atlantic City in
New Jersey party for F.H.M. magazine for whom Rosenberg writes a column Rosenberg failed to show up
for work the next day to fulfill his duties on the Giants pre game show Rosenberg 38 contemplated
suicide in March before entering rehab of course if you worked on the I'm a show you probably want
to blow your brains out too he said his abuses are under control but asked if they're completely in his
past he said anybody who says that is not being realistic I would hope so I'm taking the right
steps I've learned that there are certain people in places and things I can't surround myself with
Rosenberg who worked in South Florida in the 1990s is a talk host on sportsline.com in the
Ulfated 1700 the fan oh boy lost his job on the fans done I'm a show in May when he said
singer actress Kylie Manot suffering from breast cancer won't look so pretty when she's
bald with one breast but he kept his job as a midday talk host on the fan until the incident
in September seven years ago the fans suspended and per se that Venus and Serena Williams were
better suited for national geographic than playboy the said that hosted the midday show on the fan
was totally different than the I'm is thing he said when I was on the I'm is sure I was always looking
for a laugh where I've been wrong as I always expect people to understand it's radio units a joke
if I heard anybody I certainly apologize he said go ahead and move over there downtown Alan Brown you're
on the right track I have we can just get for all on the same staff this is Neil Roger this is 5.60 Q.A.X
Friday you best in
and
and
and
absolutely
and
uh
so
girl
Now everybody hates everybody all the time
Right in my tolerance and fear
It's where it is a fragile tragedy
And they don't want to be
You fly, they're added to quite a shower
When a machete, a friend looks like you to the phone
Then give a grand love of a child worth
I throw in no someone call you mad at all
Everybody hates everybody all the time
You fail, all day, let's see if it can do
Stop facing the free uses while being
From popular old people
Okay, here's the time we went for our pull
This is how about portable generators?
Very timely and very good, let's get that on
There were a lot of people out there who used generators before
And then it also says on here
Nylon's scruffies can be hanging from the shower head pipe after you rinse them
The shower head pipe?
Yeah, you know they got that little cycle pipe
My shower head didn't have that little thing on the side
I don't know what they're talking about but didn't go out with knickers
Nylon's scruffies, that's exactly the term I was looking for
That's precisely what they are, it doesn't sound nearly as bad as like a puffy, a squeegee, whatever
I don't know
Lupa, whatever
Well, that's not how you pronounce it, isn't Lupa?
Yeah, it must be a Scandinavian thing I guess, huh?
With the two easing it like a Swedish or Norwegian, whatever the hell it is
Go out and buy some, they're like real cheap
Even Josh could afford one if he wasn't such a woose
I got one right here in my hand
Do you really?
I'm not gonna use it
But why are you not gonna use it?
They call this one just a net bath sponge
Yeah, well, perfect, okay?
Well, that sounds like a masculine thing, doesn't sound like a girly thing
So what's the problem?
Why don't you try it once, okay?
Look, look, I'm okay with how I do
I'm okay with it, I'm all right with it
Were you listening to me?
I'm listening
Try it once, that's all over the weekend
I've done it in my life, you don't think I've ever used one of these?
How long ago?
A long time ago
Yeah, before there was body wash, you didn't use them with body wash, you stepped a soap in there, didn't you?
Yeah, that's what it is, you kept dropping it
He's got a kind of a hang up on it, because he kept sticking the soap in there, kept falling out
And anyway, do whatever you want, okay?
I'm just urging you to try it once over the weekend with a body wash
You'll see what I'm talking about
I know what I'm talking, I did it from personal experience
In the beginning I was like, spill on half the stuff on the floor of the shower
Because I didn't know how to help to use this stuff, right?
It's just easy as pie, it'll save you a lot of that body wash
It's good stuff, you know, I'm like, spill it all down the shower drain
You silly goose, if leaf I think that was good to try
It is good, it's great
I'll order a whole bunch of them, I haven't sent it to station, okay?
Passing around, I know somebody will take some
You don't need to use them, you get a half wipe, you get a half wipe, you get a half wipe
Maybe it'll help wipe those dingalberries off his butt
The ones that Robert was always complaining about having to watch him do and the beast
You remember those days, don't you?
Florida Power and Light said today it's restored electricity to 86% of the people lost it during hurricane
You ought to be ashamed Florida Plunder, we hate you like poison
Not the guys that are out there working their ass off
We're talking about the management types, the mismanagement kinds
Virtually all people on the west coast of Florida, St. Lucie and Martin counties in Palm Beach
County, North of BG of Boulevard, will have power by the end of the day
Well according to their 6am, they already do
Except maybe some in North Palm Beach
Because Martin and St. Lucie based on what they're saying by this morning, Finito, they're all on
Anyone in those areas who still doesn't have electricity by the end of the day should call
FBL at 1-800-4-Outage
1-800-4-Upures, 4-Outage
The Wilmer Restoration Team is entered a house by house, pulled by a pool phase of restoration
A very time intensive period
In many cases, poles or lines have been damaged and require crews to clear the debris and repair equipment
Often hard to access back yards at PLS in the statement
Consequently, fewer customers are restored daily than during the earlier phase of restoration
When bringing up substations in large main lines can restore services to thousands of customers
Here are the latest target dates for restoration in electricity and rest immunities
And I could be wrong with this sounds like the same crap that we had on yesterday
In Broward, the area west and south of I-75 will be essentially restored by November 9th
Not completely as essentially, I have no idea what that means by November 9th which is next Tuesday
Right? Right? No Wednesday
Like I said, next Wednesday
In Dave County, the area north of southwest 8th Street will be essentially restored by November 11th
Which is next Thursday, Veterans Day, Armistice Day, whatever we're calling it these days
The 11th would be Friday
Like I said Friday, Wednesday is the 9th and 11th figures would be Friday
Between southwest 8th Street and southwest 88th Street by November 10th essentially
Miami Beach, south of southwest 79th Street
And what I was hanging about about south beach is so hot, is he living in a past or what?
I don't know what he's talking about
South Beach is a past A man that neighborhood has changed in case anybody has noticed
And people are fleeing from there like it's got whatever
Between southwest 8th Street and southwest 88th by November 10th, Miami Beach, south of southwest 79th Street by November 10th
All areas of southwest 88th Street by November 8th
And then it goes on about since the great majority of customers in these areas will have how we restored well before the estimated date
That's what we all said well before
The company projects a completion date of November 8th for 95% of customers
That's next Tuesday
I'm sure I got that one right
Maybe not
Okay, here's what we got so far in our products you bought or tried in the last couple of years that are really damn good
The best product you discovered in the last couple of years, online banking 56
How do you like that has moved to the top, passing body wash like it was driven down the drain
Body wash 52, the internet has got
BOT 3rd man
Hagen Daz Van Anan nut 18
I'm assuming that most of us have been on the internet for more than the last couple of years
Yeah, unless you're living in the stone age
Nutrigena 1560 and let me say again the Nutrigena body emulsion is so good even Josh even a very very nervous young man like Josh admits to using the shmurrin
It's great
It is
It's you know I've tried having the dry skin especially in the winter time or as it gets out of the summer you know
And I've tried every one of the skin creams that's ever been invented you know I've tried the ponds cool cream
Which is really a lady kind of a thing and all the other ones in the tubes the tube
No good don't do a damn thing in fact the minute you shmurrin on it
It's you'd right back where you were before any worse because that stuff kind of like cakes up and it's like falling off your forehead
But this stuff it soaks right in your body absorbs it immediately
It's not greasy and it doesn't have any any odor at all doesn't stink and it's just like a miracle it just heals your skin
Fantastic
It is
Spastic and fantastic
So Nutrigena is right on Hagen Daz's ass in fact you might want to sure smear some of that in your banana nut ice cream
Chainsaw 10 to interplay our Prius hybrid 8 flavor wave oven 5 and portable centimates so far the first 200 got the big oh it with it
This is meal Roger this is 516
QA
Who's gonna get Ricky a float?
Oh W
I come from Tom Protectors with the guitar online me
Oh they died in Louisiana I race cash with a T.O.P
Oh Katrina don't put no blame on me
But I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity
Swing your partner round and round now build a little swimming through the waterless town
Swim to the left to the right here we go swing a little mud up though she don't
Oh Katrina why didn't those people clean?
Of course it will be the end of it and it is for your right team
Real American A-holes
Real American A-holes
We salute you Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
Mr. Director of Federal Emergency Management Agency
If we've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina
It's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown
What can Brown do to you now?
Apparently nothing and that's what's left of the Gulf Coast
Nothing
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government
But you've created so much red tape the victims won't receive it too money, bros
When all is said and gone you will lose your job faster than you can say
E-Cola
And if there's any justice in this world you'll be calling the Houston Astridone home too
So we salute you Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
Your clipboard your stupid Navy Blue FEMA shirt and your comover
You are a real American A-hole
Absolutely
But how have a nice suit there Browning?
It's 1132 and 560 W.M.
Better get some more suggestions for this pool on here and then I want to like look through these 85,000 stories I got
Just read the newspaper on here I don't want to let my blood be down
Downtown Moul Brown
Here's line 9 W.M. Hello
Neil, yes sir
Hey, happy birthday tomorrow
Thank you, first off
This was inspired by you and George's argument the other day about the Beverly Hills buildings
Show the whole on the air
Longer than what should have been but a poll for next week
Something that didn't last long enough
A TV show that just didn't make it
I had a couple two wraps on my head
I was like tightest get a life with Chris Elliott
There was a show called True Calling with Eliza Deuce Koo
And a movie called Show Called Gun
And then of course the one where they made the space movie
Yeah, boom
The one they made the space movie out of just recently
I don't know the name of the series it was from
But that one too
And that's for you, aren't you?
Okay, good idea. Thanks, Paul.
Hi, take care. So yeah.
We've never done that before. TV shows that weren't around long enough.
In fact, I'm sure that you see one thing about the internet, if you go online
You can you get a poll idea. You can find a list, a starter list, and there were just about anything.
Sure. Which is pretty amazing. Somebody QAIM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I missed the end of the show yesterday.
Did Mo accept the peace offering? No.
No. No. There was no crossover or any kind.
Crossover. We weren't looking for a crossover. We were just looking for a little
You know, Olive Ranch and you evidently need to eat and already. It wasn't a hostile thing
You just said no thank you and I was either that.
I see. I do have one for the poll.
Yes, I got Tivo.
Tivo is good. Excellent. Thanks, Malley.
All right. Have a happy birthday. Thank you.
Tivo or any of the variations thereof, right?
TBR, DVR, DVD, DVDs. Tivo is good.
What a difference now. Of course, we don't have any spots.
So I don't want to go into a whole thing about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60.
Well, listen, nobody's doing much of any business. I suggested that what we ought to do is
Do a dollar or a holler thing. You know, quite that's,
Remember they're doing that across the street on a regular basis before the hurricane.
But you don't have a special package for these poor bastards after they're trying to like put their lives back together again.
And they let people know that the business is open, things like that.
But evidently that's way above and beyond. You know, I just mind my own business.
I just sit here, mind my own business, and Hank can have I run for three hours every day
And do whatever he wants. That's fine. He's show, you know.
And our engineering department can continue to make all kinds of excuses.
Of course, the problem with a button on that microphone and there and all the other buttons on that board.
Long before there was ever any Katrina or Wilma or Hurricane damage or generator.
Keeping radio stations on the air or all these things.
But that would be the excuse. That would be the excuse to sure.
Well, our engineers have been like overwhelmed trying to keep our stations on the air.
Okay, what'll be next week's excuse, huh?
Be something else. That's because we're the lower priority on the totem pole because no matter how,
If we had a 90 share, we don't talk about sports.
And that's all that the management and the, uh, and clearance care about is a bunch of sports crap.
And silly guys that went around in pretty outfits with jock straps.
What could be more gay than that?
Some guys chasing another guy and grabbing him around the waist or around the crotch and dragging his ass down on the ground?
What could be more fave than that? Right, Ricky? You're fairy.
WDQA in, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Hey, you know that reporter that supposedly was threatening Arthur Teele with a story and then that's why he killed himself.
Jim DeFa, yeah.
You like him or no?
He's fat and ugly, no.
He's so annoying.
You don't see me as for a local guy here out of like, they put him on like a, uh, Andy really tight little thing.
Oh, no.
I mean, what kind of guy?
No, I hate him.
He's a fat pig.
And we got to get him off of there.
Okay, look at it.
Work on it.
Work on it.
Now I don't like Jim DeFa, they can't stand him.
And he, once upon a time, he wrote one good column.
I think it was something about how the hero used to be good and now we suck and we can't afford to be good.
And yeah, I'm surprised he didn't get canned then.
And the weather or not, you agree on the Arthur Teele thing, and him taping the, you know, he broke the law.
And of course, they didn't stand behind it because he's fat and grotesque.
So channel four put him on here because they don't have a Dave game anymore.
Which they used to have when he were channel six.
I can't keep him straight, you know, was Dave game on Who knows?
Never Dave game?
No.
Before your time, he made, he made Josh Friedman look like, uh, Minnie Mouse, like Miss Twiggy.
That's how big Dave game was.
That was before people started buying a big screen TV.
So, eventually they couldn't fit his whole ass on the screen and had a fire as a Dave game.
Deputy QA and Hello.
Hi, I'm Colneal.
Yes, sir.
Well, happy birthday, first of all.
Thank you so much.
Also, yesterday's show, I haven't laughed that hard with the whole mo pizza thing in the long.
Can you say a whole mo, a whole mo?
Right.
The, the mo thing.
Yeah.
And I think the last time I laughed that hard was when you had your crossover with him.
Although that was, that was unbelievable.
It really was.
I can't believe you, I can't believe you're Greek to that or he would be.
I didn't agree.
He just showed up there.
He just, uh, he was just there, you know, like I said, I had to take a shower afterwards.
I just felt very, yeah, me too.
I think that's why I discovered the extra size of body wash.
Well, it's, it's been a great show and I just appreciate you making me laugh.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
You too, sir.
I'm great to.
All right.
Rowan official slam feds for a slow, ineffective aid to hurricane, a Wilma victim.
So, we'll look at that.
Two little two slowly.
That's what Prower leaders in stormy, Rickton, say about the federal emergency.
Response, sir, can Wilma, that's because Brownie is probably getting a new suit at Neiman
Marcus or somewhere.
You piece of turrets still on the payroll and the media are screaming bloody murder about
this.
You know, they reported the thing.
They read some of the emails.
Oh, this is really bad.
And that's the end of that.
You only hear no mo about that.
That is crazy.
People are dying.
People are walking there.
They're, they're waiting around up to their armpits and in feces.
The feces of the species.
They're in New Orleans.
They're on rooftops trying to get saved.
And this guy is worried about, well, they asked to have some extra time for dinner.
And where is he going to have dinner that night?
And is he a, where's a good place to have his dog boarded and the, oh, God.
Jesus Christ almighty.
You people in the media, when the, when the history of the world is written, if there's still
anybody left alive to write it, the media of this era will go down as the biggest
bunch of horrors, the biggest bunch of sellouts in the history of mankind.
You are disgrace and proof in the pudding.
There's that Darren Kagan that I used to like a little bit.
Mrs. Limbaugh, who of course, oh, well, she's so liberal.
Yeah, right.
I guarantee it's rubbing off.
Can you, can you, can you even envision that?
Can you envision him hop it on her?
Oh, come on.
Oh, I mean, I realized it's close to lunchtime.
For those of you on a diet, I think I just did you a really good favor.
Well, I have Roseanne on the TV, so it's not much better.
Oh, my God.
Rush Limbaugh, hop it on poor little Darren Kagan.
That is disgusting, grotesque.
Oh, man.
So, I have to make you start popping off.
She's by the handful.
Oh, let's get to that story in a couple of minutes about the chiefs, son.
We want to correct an error we made on the show yesterday.
Sorry.
Sorry, we want to correct a grievous error when we said that the mining chief of police is
a son, chief John Timiny, that his son was arrested for trying to buy a hundred pounds
of pot in New York.
Sorry, it was only four hundred pounds.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 168L.
We all need a push vacation.
President Bush won on a month long vacation, increasingly extended periods of time.
We all need a month long show.
We intend to stay forever.
I just got back to my whirlwind tour.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
It is hard work.
It is hard work.
We just got to be ghetto.
With everything going wrong, he did what any of us would do.
He went on vacation.
Hey, boss has let us work this go.
But we have a lot of lot more work to do.
Now get back to work.
All in all we really get no time off at all.
I only get two weeks of a cake in a year.
How many of those are Christmas?
That's how it should all be.
All in all we work songs.
The day that we can call.
Back to work.
Back to work.
Work again.
If you don't work your ship, you can't have any vacation.
How can you have a vacation if you don't work your ship?
No more pulling around.
I've got to get back to work.
It's 15 Bill Noon.
We got more mice to work for two tough hours.
Two to four.
We got Mad Dog at Doraal.
I'm 24 to seven.
Curtis and Land 7 to 10 to nine.
That's a good thing to do.
Well, and at Campalin 10 to 10 o'clock.
No ball games, no pants or games.
Pantes lost in last night, 4 to 1.
Didn't show up for that game at all.
Here's one that says, and the Leafs lost to Tychirro Line.
Enough it could be fired into the game in the last minute and a half.
Nice call, boys.
Not your dialogue concerning sov versus body.
Wash has merit.
How about brushing teeth with baking soda versus toothpaste?
You can paint and stuff.
Yeah, they always used to say that toothpaste
could all kinds of nasty crap.
It's like hot dogs.
Hot dogs have all kinds of, you know, like, snouts and, oh,
am I going to stop eating the hot dogs?
No. Am I going to stop using the toothpaste?
No. Anybody out there brushing with baking soda?
Yeah.
Oh, they do have that baking soda toothpaste.
Yeah, that's not that.
Isn't it?
It's pretty good.
I use a crest myself.
In fact, I got the crest that's got like three different colors to it.
You know what I'm saying?
Very colorful.
Not like aqua fresh, not that colorful.
I use the mini breath strips.
What is it?
Colgate or something?
Really?
Yeah.
That's got the bad stuff in it.
Don't you remember I read that article about how that's the stuff that's going to kill you?
It's crosses cancer.
Well, too bad.
That's a good story.
No, I know what you're talking about.
I tried that and then I read online about the Colgate is one of them and then there's another one I better not say
because I'm not sure if I know it was Colgate with the breath strips.
Well, I got news for it between all the soap that you're using and the bad toothpaste that are enjoyed by the can.
But in fact, I would be giving away any of that, Pete, so just keep it all for yourself.
Here's the fact that it says Happy Birthday, Neil.
I've been listening to these Zaytadays 88.
Those were the days they meet.
Those were the days.
That was a show.
That was a show on a real radio station, FM 100,000 Watts right there in the middle of the dial.
Kicked ass.
We kicked everybody's ass.
Me and the burden kept in Dave.
We were doing it without much help, by the way.
From PD Voldier, you were assassin you lunatic.
You're fairy.
Can't imagine self-order radio without you.
Whatever money you're making is enough.
Well, that's for damn sure, especially all these damn trips to Woodbuy.
It must be a daunting task constantly keeping station ownership management and network colors in check year after year.
Hope your birthday wish comes true in a big way.
Good health and good luck.
I would mind winning the 166 grand jackpot on the dollar wheel of fortune tomorrow.
Whenever you're an expert, they present, hey, you people of Woodbuy, if you're listening, okay?
Loosen up that machine, man.
Oh, they, oh, man.
Too bad the beast is in there today because you guys are not a slot experts.
Josh hates slot machines in McGill.
I don't know about McGill.
You in the slots?
I don't really gamble.
Probably a good idea.
Yeah, I need some money first.
Yeah, there you go.
But they sent out these monthly newsletters.
Now, I'm going to get it during next break and read some of the stuff, the propaganda they put it.
I don't want to say my good friends, it was about our liars, but you liars, man.
And all the casinos, you're such bull crap artists.
This is from Mark, a fellow Heath Ambassador from Hellenayl Beach.
Thank you, Mark.
PS, the only person that's able to show us I don't have five memories of the news updates by the pompous blowhard Walter Clark.
I want to be Chuck Meyer.
That was not an Azeta.
That was an IOD.
See, as we get older, Mark, we get confused.
That was not what he was never on sale.
Chuck Meyer.
Paul Chuck Meyer, you just wanted to promote it in his morning show a little more.
He'd have been a great star.
Right.
Good news, man.
I disagree with that pompous blowhard.
I think Chuck had a great voice.
He was a good news guy, but he wasn't satisfied being a news guy.
He wanted to be a big celebrity, which he was not.
He was not.
And they went to a Cleveland and he bombed there and I have no idea what he's doing now.
Good luck to you, Chuck.
You'll leave it.
Very says.
Very says the best product in the recent years.
Tivo.
Did we ever put that on it?
Yes, it's got 12 votes already.
Once you start using it, you can't live without it.
I hope they make one for radio.
Excellent choice, Barry.
And you're right.
I use my Roger's cable.
Up here it's called a PBR.
I guess they're the Comcast calls a DVR.
First-all video recorder.
And it's just, how could you live without it?
I mean, you can be recording a couple of shows and you can be watching something else and you can play in one back and watch in another one.
And it's just great.
Or follow a certain nature calls.
You just press the pause thing and you go back and you pick it up right where you were before.
How could anybody live without that?
It's like we went from beta which lasted about five minutes to VHS which lasted a long time and now we've gone to this.
I mean, you know, I still have some.
I still got two VCRs and there's a matter of fact to them.
No, no one.
I got one VCR and I got two DVDs including that expense of Samsung DVD that was supposed to give me a much better picture because it's supposed to go with my Samsung HD TV set.
No, no change, no difference because they still haven't agreed on the format yet for the HD DVDs which is probably just as well that George didn't buy that set yet, Josh.
Oh, sure, it's coming soon because you'd probably want to watch network again.
Make sure you don't miss anything on the HD.
Yeah, when are they going to get with it already?
Okay, we go out and spend all this money to buy HD sets and I'm lucky because I got quite a few HD channels here as opposed to some places but nevertheless.
But let's get with it already.
Have you ever seen a sporting event in HD like a football game?
Yes, it's the most phenomenal thing I've ever seen.
I mean, or a baseball game.
Once you want, now the good thing of it is every Sunday, there are at least two of the NFL games there in HD, at least two, sometimes more than that.
Right.
And that is just even games that I don't want to watch like who the hell was St. Louis playing the Rams played on Sunday?
Jacksonville wasn't considering I have no TV.
Oh, that's right. Well, I think it was a good game, too, as a matter of fact.
And I don't care about either one of those teams.
I mean, not even a teeny tiny little bit, not an I.O. older.
And of course, the Patriots game being at night, that was on an HD.
And you could watch real close up, close in personal how they just gagged and didn't show up the first three quarters.
I can't handle it.
I got to give it up.
Hollywood man.
And of course, watching hockey on HD is just fabulous.
If you like hockey, if you don't well, you people in South Florida, forget about it.
Hollywood man found unconscious next to generator.
I've been trying to tell you people if you're not adept, if you don't know what you're doing, don't go out and buy a gas generator.
Are you going to be what you're going to be?
Your last words will be, I'm dying out of here.
It will be it.
A Hollywood man was taken to the hospital this morning after a fire rescue worker's found him breathing but unconscious next to a generator inside his apartment.
The unidentified man was found at 5,700 Washington street around 1045 this morning,
according to Hollywood fire rescue spokesman Matt Phillips.
The man who has yet to be identified was taken to Memorial Regional Hospital.
Phillips said he didn't know if the generator was running at the time the man was found.
Carbon and monoxide poisoning has killed several South Florida ins who left improperly ventilated generators inside and near their home and squallowing power antigens from the hurricane.
Most recently, October 28th, one man died six of his taken to the hospital with carbon monoxide poisoning after it left the generator running inside a home at 170 Northwest 40 fourths street in Dearfield Beach.
If you're using a generator for the first time, here are some safety tips from your close personal friends at Florida Plunder and Loot.
Generators must be placed outdoors in a well ventilated area because they can emit carbon monoxide which can be deadly.
Use a heavy duty extension cord to plug appliances into your generator.
Do not connect the generator to the home wiring system such as three fuse box or circuit breaker and don't exceed the recommended wattage listed on the generator.
Don't try to run the air conditioner unless you're sure you generate the handle it which would have to be a pretty big heavy duty one to handle the AC, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
See, this is another thing.
I think those people also want to be part of this crash action suit that will probably be filed against FP&O.
People are dying because you can't get their power back on. They're dying over there.
Are there storms?
Oh.
Is there rain and cats and dogs like Tuesday and Wednesday?
Oh.
I don't believe so.
Is there snow to engines?
Is there snow on a ground in South Florida?
Oh.
I don't think so.
Get with it.
Get with it.
All these storms in advance about all you're doing such a wonderful job.
No, they're not. They're not. They suck.
They blow.
People I hate you like poison. Don't you understand? Just because you got a monopoly, it doesn't mean that you can afford for everybody to hate you.
People might start using candle power. They might start using solar.
They might start to. They might just move because they hate you people so much.
And rightfully so.
Here's that story now about the pot probe.
You ever put a probe in your pot?
Not lately.
You ever put some pot in your probe?
Well, anyway, the son of Miami's police chief was arrested for trying to buy 400 pounds of marijuana from an undercover federal agent official said on Wednesday.
Oh my God.
400 pounds.
The original story said only 100 pounds, small potatoes.
A court complaint said, Sean Timiny, 25, of a Philadelphia, gave the agent a gym bag, filled with about 450 grand in cash.
That was the down payment.
Authority said the defendant is the son of John Timiny, who was filled up his police chief before taking the job as police chief of Miami,
the younger Timiny and J. Sue Sue, S.E.U. 23 of Glenside, Pennsylvania, were arrested to today in a spring valley hotel said Elizabeth Jordan,
a spokeswoman for the Drug Enforcement Administration in Manhattan.
They were charged with conspiracy to possess and distributed control substance.
Timiny and Sue were being held in Albany for bail hearing today.
John Timiny was aware of the arrest.
A Miami police spokesman said he doesn't have all the details and he's not going to come.
Then anybody else didn't, he'd be, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap
Here's my events, I can look at those different events, the specific events that you wah
They're from the Vatican's education and other times, social morality.
How do you like that in the Vatican's perhaps they're in the Nazi folk10 co reactor there.
Here's your chat maybe?
If you want to get forget about looking at the dictionary, if you want to get the definition
of the show, just watch the wedding scene in the Godfather.
Isn't that music?
Isn't that the best?
It's just great.
It's just great.
Every scene in that movie, every, you know, I'll give me a sign of dance about Godfather
too.
It was great, but you know, something, the first, the original Godfather, man, you can't
top it.
I don't care what anybody says.
The first two are great.
What?
Yeah, what was wrong with the second one?
There's nothing wrong with it, but it's not the same.
And the original Godfather, every, every word of dialogue, every scene is like so profound.
So, you know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
Well, first of all, Godfather too was like about 600 hours long.
You cannot do like a minute.
Let them out.
See, there you go.
In addition to which there was no, there was no Don Corleone Godfather too.
There was no, he was already dead, Don, no Marlon Brando.
Not that Michael Corleone wasn't great.
He was great.
There was no son.
He's suddenly got shot in the cause way and Godfather won, right?
Right.
There was no Santino.
There was no Don Corleone.
Well, what the hell is that?
What is that?
And then all of a sudden, we got the young Don Corleone with Bob De Niro doing his best
widow imitation.
I mean, he's all right.
He's okay.
It was great.
Godfather too was great, but it ain't no original one.
I don't want to say Godfather won because then we'll get to facts.
There was no Godfather won.
It was just, we know, Yamama, so socks and hell.
Businesses in counties hit by Hurricane Wilma may be eligible for bridge loans from the
state to provide them with a quick source of cash to begin repairs and replace destroyed
inventory.
Your fat ass governor, Jeb Bush, this week activated the $20 million program for businesses
in Broward, Coddier, Glades, Henry, Lee, Miami, Dave.
Oh, I said that.
Sorry, Dave.
Monroe, Oak, Achoe, and Palm Beach counties.
The short-term loans are intended to bridge the gap between the hurricane and when the
business is able to get its insurance claim paid or get some other sources of permanent
money to pay for recovery.
Applications are available from local economic development or offices or in local legislators
offices.
The loans are interest-free and can be for up to 25 grand and are available to others
of businesses with less than 100 employees.
Some loans are for 90 days, other for 180 days.
The damage must be verified, okay?
Wood surprised me if the beesleaves apply for some of that, you know?
But we got more than 100 people in our building, you know?
And here, sure.
Between power and QAM?
Absolutely.
And then of course if you throw in KISS, oh my god.
How did KISS do in the last book?
Did they do okay in power 96?
Did we really care about them?
Oh, we don't care.
We don't want to sound unfriendly and we don't want to steal anybody's pizza down
hall.
But we don't really care how you did in the last book.
It doesn't put anyone in our pockets.
Since we're like AM, you know, they're on FM, they're the big shots.
We're only on AM, so they look down at us like we're like the weak sisters, you know?
Weak sisters.
I got news for you, man.
The kind of stuff that they're playing on FM.
I wouldn't wish that on Hitler and Eva Brown on a bad day.
Kind of swill.
126 at 5, 60 WQM, your swill station for the Anumillenium.
We got Mad Dog at 4.
We got Mojava David leading into him.
Kind of a buffer.
Mad Dog at the Router.
By the way, Curtis and Len at 7, Ed Kaplan show at 10.
No one came tonight before we got a power pack weekend, don't we?
We do.
We got the Hurricanes game in Virginia Tech, which is being touted as the game of the
century or at least of this week, 745 till midnight.
Well, it's going to be a long game, you know?
And we start with Hurricanes game day at 4 tomorrow afternoon.
We got eight hours of Hurricanes crap.
Wow.
That's right.
So if you have any doubt, will you finish tomorrow, you'll really know.
Married tight, f***ing blow.
For sure.
And then we got the Panthers in Carolina on some Vogue Station 640 tomorrow night, which
will be back on QAM.
How is that possible?
If the Hurricanes extra point is on at midnight, how will the Florida Panthers be in progress
after extra point?
The game is not going to last a little after a minute.
Who made this schedule?
What kind of a bozo made this up, huh?
Right?
Yeah.
It says here, Hurricanes extra point midnight till 2 a.m.
Am I right about this?
The game is in at 745 and in the morning last time I checked at 745 tomorrow night,
Channel 10 is carrying it.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
There won't be no Panther game on QAM.
The game is on 640 if you can pick it up.
Yeah, it might not make it.
So they must be going to have a long shootout.
I'll tell you that.
27 after 1 at 560.
Let's have a shootout at QAM when he said, come on, mate.
This is what it means.
That's a thing.
133, 2702 at 560 W. QAM, we are absolutely rock solid.
That's what we want to tell you.
Just after I stuff and clear it, self-telling, we're doing a hell of a job.
They are really doing it.
Could we do it without them?
No way.
480 votes on the pool.
What's the best product you've discovered last couple of years?
Online banking, 125.
That kind of surprised you.
I really don't think so.
I really love online.
It's convenient, man.
It's great.
The internet, 102, Body Wash, which was off to a phenomenal start to early in the show,
but I guess a lot of guys are really afraid to vote for that.
66, T-Vo 57, Portable Generators 25, DVD tour in 24, perverts, Twitter Prius Hybrid 22,
Hagen-Daz Banana Mount Ice Cream 21.
Don't get started.
If you do, don't blame me.
I got a pint for you.
New Tregino 19, Chainsaw 12, and Flavor Wave, oven only 7, so I met the Cieti.
What the hell is that all about?
I just, man, we've been through this before, like I said.
We, we told you.
You keep doing stuff the old fashioned way.
These are the same people probably who are using the soap, you know.
I'm caught on the Body Wash yet.
I would imagine.
Let's see.
The Xbox.
Xbox Live.
Somebody says, frontline gaming.
Yeah.
Xbox.
I'm what about iPod?
iPod mini.
Okay.
No, you don't think so?
I told you.
I do.
So, more people got it.
My Kind of Gables has got Power Lies Night, but F-P-Miles still blows.
I've got the PSP if we're putting those on.
I'm making fun of it.
The PSP.
It's like a portable PlayStation.
Anything?
Whatever you got.
Okay.
I don't have no PSP.
I got ESP in.
No, I don't.
I got the PSN.
Whatever I got.
I got plenty of nothing.
Probably got some highlights from Last Night's Zadam Hockey game.
Freedom Explorers.
Nova Stake.
Corriolac in the right place.
Right top.
But that's the Miami, the Toronto Marlies.
Oh my God.
I'm shocked.
Get off my ass, you idiot.
He's fascist on CNN.
You people ought to be locked up in jail.
You propaganda, man.
Hermann Gerring and Joseph Gervels and Hitler would all be proud of you people.
I was watching last night.
You know who I really am starting to like now and I'm kind of embarrassed to admit it because
I always ripped him an ass.
Who's that?
Keith Oberman.
Well, you can say in that.
You've been saying you've been warned.
I'm going to start to like him a lot better.
First of all, he's a good liberal boy, which is very unusual in any of these networks to
find somebody who's unabashedly just ripped, pushing an ass and tells it like it is.
And I'm thinking to myself last night, if MSNBC had any brains which they obviously don't
or any balls, instead of trying to be Fox's life, they would be the one network that would
be to the left.
You know what I'm saying?
Put more guys like him on there instead of this idiot with a bow tie, you know, mother
Tucker Carlson and what's his name?
What Rita Cosby, Fox's light and all this other crap.
And Joe Scarborough, who's got the personality of a dead frog.
How about a place where people to the left of Hitler can go and get some news and get
to think a little bit of a different slant as if we can have Fox on the year, 75 yards
to the right of a gangus con, then how come we can't have a, then you get an audience,
okay?
They just don't understand that.
They think because they tried to kill Donahue who's 600 years old and that's flopped
that they can't do it.
You idiots, you moron, whoever's in charge of MSNBC.
You're fairy.
Anyway.
Mike and the Gable says he's got also a little nice, nice artwork.
I don't know what's going on here.
That's like this of your buddy.
Chris says, you know, Chris, no, well, you better get to know Chris.
Good job, by Chris.
You bet.
He says happy birthday.
Neil, I'm trying to locate a home for sale on the same grid that Dan Reena's home is on.
If anyone could call in with this information, it would be appreciated.
I'm willing to pay a premium for a property with this price of amenity.
Also, if anyone's seen the National Guard around, no, National Guard in my ass.
They're all in Iraq.
The National Guard are all in Iraq.
Aren't they last time I heard?
Jason, you're on QAM.
I don't, come on.
You don't have any National Guard?
That's bad.
See, you're stirring it up.
I'm not.
I did just a little taste.
Okay.
I made a guy got that and stirring it up.
That sounds like Joe Rose talked to me.
Stirring it up.
That's what Joe loves to say.
Who made Joe doesn't have an audience anymore because he's on the horse ball station.
And he's pretty peeled about it from what I'm hearing.
See, if this station wouldn't have screwed him over, we have it lit, man.
We'd be in a hog heaven.
We'd have Moa in there like five to seven in the morning.
We'd have Joe seven to ten.
We'd have a me ten to two, a mad dog two to four where he belongs.
We'd have a hank four to seven where he belongs.
I want to start to make some progress now, but he was starting to make some progress.
But now that we got these 85,000 of those terminal interviews, oh my God.
Humper.
Get serious.
When I heard that Iro Winderman was, see they lied to me a lot.
As if what I say may seem different.
When I heard he was going to be on again today and then the excuse as well, Jack got
injured.
Every time a heat player gets a hang now, it means we got to put him on for another
half hour.
Get him off of there for Christ's sake.
Iro Windbag my ass.
Shut up.
What do you know?
God is he pathetic.
And I'm going to say it again.
It's narrow casting because even as popular the heat may be the bandwagon people are
jumping on.
But if you're not in the NBA and he's on there forever, you're going to turn it off.
It's narrow casting.
Am I right?
Yes.
Just like Bino.
My God.
I'm going to go to the drugstore right now.
I'm going to give me some Bino because every time I think about Iro Winderman, I want
to start making all the fart sounds that Joe is going to display, I start farting
off the storm.
Iro Windbag.
We got squeaky voices on here already.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
We got Foxy Roxy and we got Geltie and we got Lany Martez, which I wouldn't call him squeaky.
I just call him like unintelligible.
What would you call him?
I don't say it.
Here's a tip for the fact that it says be where?
Be where?
Gov.
Yourself's accordingly.
Four warned is four armed generator thieves are going into people's backyards and starting
up their lawnmores.
So when they take the generator, they just still have a motor running before they know
what they've gone.
How do you like that?
You're hearing a lot more in the backyard to think it's your generator.
Surprise.
Well, just bring a lot more inside and plug everything into the van.
It's just tell your producers to book up and use the sponge with a body wash.
They must be trying to convince themselves they're not gay or they wouldn't give an
F's because I concur with that.
I just don't understand what the big deal is about it.
So I'm telling you, I'm telling you, you're wasting a very good product and you're not
getting the maximum effect.
You see, there's another effect or two that I didn't get into because I don't want to
go into a whole song and advance.
It's really ponderous.
But when you're using that scrubby thing, you're doing a much better job of washing yourself
off than you are with your hand.
I'm telling you.
Is that a fact?
Yeah, it is a fact because these things are like nylon.
The texture of it is designed to wash to scrub the dead cells and the shmoots and the crap
off your body as opposed to your hand, which is smooth unless you got like real and doing
the work you're doing.
You don't have no construction workers hands, okay?
Push the button.
Yeah, you're pushing the button.
I think you're pushing someone all right.
Crap, bull crap right on the air.
Anyway, I'm just telling you, give it a shot this weekend.
Okay, Monday we'll see if you're still alive.
We'll see if people are going around all over town putting in going, okay, I doubt it.
In addition, which, how does anybody know if you're using that thing?
That's what I don't understand.
You tell everybody, I'm like, what?
We lie about it.
We lie about it.
We lie about it.
You're telling me before the show you'll tell me and then we'll lie in the air for
it.
As long as you go in and punch the crap out of Robert Grypton.
This is Neil Roberts.
He hates you, he hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
He hates you, he hates you.
They're all around.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody knows that.
Everyone knows that.
Everyone knows that.
Everyone knows that.
How's that?
I did a dance tour through.
I didn't turn the mic on.
You didn't turn the mic on.
I think it's one of the second time I've ever done that.
Well I'm busy reading this great facts.
It's probably from Cookie Intro.
I'm being important.
Probably safer to keep it off anyways.
Yeah, in your case you guys down there.
Cookie and Charleston South Carolina says,
long time listener formerly from Miami and now living in Charleston.
I won't kiss your butt on how great you are
because the above confirms you are.
Yes I am Cookie.
Well I listened him day, Friday November 4th.
I couldn't believe you mentioned the documentary
standing in the shadows of Motown.
I sure did.
It's our all time favorite since my husband
on H.B. O.O.
Since then we've purchased over 20 copies for gifts to friends,
headed on during dinner parties,
a monumental historic music and milestone
that influenced millions and the five-dollar box at Walmart.
What music is still in fantastic shape?
And she says,
Don't Osborne's rendition of what becomes of the broken hearted.
Now where is it on here?
It's cut eight.
It is fantastic.
Nothing sure to fantastic to say the least.
Don't Osborne and Ben Harper are God's degrees.
The sad part of the attack has been
he's very talented and then the fun for the kids.
And you see no world used to.
If anyone watching doesn't otherwise understand what he's dead.
We just say very wordy exploited them.
We can say the least.
Nice ball of cookie.
Because they have hurt me when I'm right here.
I love the song standing in this room.
And also for it to sound good.
And Charles for sound good.
Nothing to be fired than to be.
I love to play a whole country.
I have visions of the many things.
I've been there.
I've spent two hours on the air with that way.
It is so good that is.
I came and put it in words.
I'm sure there are a lot of people like Motown.
I think there are a lot of young people like Motown.
Have a cookie and some old bag.
But the fact of the matter is if you like Motown music.
And if you just it's just so good, I can't even describe it to you.
I've got the story of the guys who made all the music.
And then when you see them playing their instruments and doing their thing
and then all of these are different vocalists,
although they all are very good, except for Chakka Khan.
God, what a great day.
What?
What do you laugh at?
What's wrong with Chakka Khan?
She sucks, she can't sing.
Here, let me play a little Chakka Khan with what's going on.
If you can understand, if you can understand one word that this big says in a song,
then I'll give you a body wash.
Mark, Mark, the day is well over his grave.
He wants another bowl of the hay.
Come on daddy, shoot me again.
I can't believe this thing.
What?
What?
What?
What?
Forget about it.
That's bad.
Bad.
And it's supposed to be bad, it's the worst.
And it's such an insult because all the other people on here,
Bootsy Collins and Gerald Lavert and then Harper and Jonas Van.
They're also great and then they bring her, I don't understand it.
Where the hell did they dig her ass up for a fat ass?
I know you want to leave me, but I refuse to let you go.
If I ever pay for this, go your sympathy.
I'm going blind, but you leave that much to me.
I'm going blind, but you leave that much to me.
I'm going blind, but you leave that much to me.
You better get back in bed.
You're going blind, but you need your brother.
You're going blind, but you need your brother.
Try it, man, and you are going blind.
Anyway, I'm sure that George wouldn't like it.
So don't get it for him.
You're a father of the Ted, he's alright.
Standing in the shadows of Moton, baby,
you've gotten by this DVD, and if you don't like it,
like that fax from Bootsy and Cookie said,
you're dead.
Cookie said you're dead.
I mean, it is just awe inspiring. It's amazing. These guys are so great. You talk about some serious talent, you know?
Talent, that's where it's at. That's their middle name as opposed to some people who fake their way through life and anyway
Somebody's so-called musicians and so-called singers who pedal crap. I wouldn't give you a fiddysand not to mention any names
No, seriously a lot of swirl out today
You know you can knock me all you want for like an older music
But most of the stuff in last 15 20 years most of it is crap. It's garbage
Wrap my ass on second thought don't
Okay, what do we got so far? We got over 500 votes 514 and I guarantee if I wouldn't waste it so much time
You happen it up today we'd have had a whole lot more products on here, but you know what to bad
That's right. Oh, I never got to this story yet before we do the anything with a few words on their t-shirts
Abercrombie and Fitch let's young women send the message who needs a brain when you have these
In fact, that's why I played boobs a lot because I was gonna lead in this story
Yeah, a group of female high school students have a message for Abercrombie and Fitch
Stop degrading us the Allegheny County pencil many girls have started a boycott our girl cut as they're calling it of the retailer
Well, all I can say to them is you ferry the campaign conceived three weeks ago
And you know what I'm using right now my my flavor wave deluxe
I got a brat worst cooking on there on the one side and I can smell it in here right now
The campaign conceived three weeks ago during the groups monthly meeting wet national Tuesday morning
NBC today show we're telling girls to think about the fact that they're being degraded
Emma blackman math is the 60 year old sure the group told red eye on Tuesday
We're all gonna come together in this one effort to fight the message that we're getting from pop culture
See this is the thing about me, you know guys admire women's of beauty et cetera and so on whatever parts it might be and it's the same old glorious
Steinem older abusing us and they're exploiting us exploit my ass
But you don't know for sure to wear Abercrombie's been lightning rod for criticism in 2003
Your catalog containing photos of tapeless women and beer bottom men for both so much
I'll rage the company pulled the publication Abercrombie's got the best catalog. Go anywhere. I don't care what you say
Last you have to the US Olympic gymnastics team failed to win a gold medal a company sold T shirts with a phrase
Ellis for loser next to a picture of a gymnast on the rings
Those shirts were pulled from the racks after US a gymnastics called for boycott
Whenever crime back down in those cases
It shows no signs of doing so this time though our clothing appeals to a wide variety of customers these particular T shirts
Huh, I laughed at that these particular T shirts have been very popular among adult women to whom their market is a company
spokesman said this thing you like it what that Abercrombie goes out to a wide variety of people perverts
No, there's too a preppy girls. Yeah, gay guys. Yeah, that's it news of the girl caught hadn't reached to one o'clock
20 was applying for a job at the Abercrombie and fits during your water to our place on Tuesday
But then he isn't he doesn't think the protest got to work
I think it's only older people that have a problem with it she said old funny that these teenagers don't have a problem with it
She sees the shirts is funny not offensive and it's not to be taken seriously and she happens to be
Absolutely correct. I'm so sick and tired. They marigolante's in the world life is a beach. Oh that's disgusting
It's like what's your name over there the Donna Shalali over there to you of them. Oh, we have balls
That's disgusting the University of Miami doesn't have any balls. Yeah, we know that honey
Well, if you take a look at the girl that leading the boycott or girlcott whatever you don't know
They try and tell me Dike oh, yeah, well what I tell you what did I say when I said that I had in mind could there be any dude
Oh, and also the second judge out for the delay trial that I got it two days after delay
Want to fight to get a new judge in this case prosecute as yesterday is exceeding the Republican responsible for selecting the new judge
So it's musical judges for Tom delay. How do you like that? Hey Tommy you fairy nice job
second
single
I'm just going to back it up.
Why do you want to go back?
I'm just going to back it up.
I know everything that's going on in that rules.
But I even know all the new march on rules.
I've hit to the jib, Daddy, or you.
You bet it's going back to the high.
It's a bad idea when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way clearly me.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
I'm just going to back it up.
I'll only be there.
I just want to back it up.
I just want to back it up.
I just want to back it up.
I just want to back it up.
Bye, bye, bye.
