He beat him. He almost went to his knees and he beat him by 10 lanes in the pregness.
And with that, we move on to slot machines and other things.
Good morning.
Kathy Willis says you can go to your knees and still be a winner?
Kathy Willis. I haven't heard that name in a while.
Yeah, well, we're living in the past.
Yes, we are.
We're full about your favorite South Florida business that no longer exists.
Before we go on, speaking of South Florida people, Gary Cohen.
I've been telling George every day for like a week now.
Remind me to say to Hank Gary Cohen. Remember Gary Cohen, the jockey?
Gary Cohen.
No? Has he called her?
I really don't know.
And then he became a jockey's agent.
Yeah.
And then there's a David Cohen in California.
Yeah, David Cohen. I know who he is.
I was going to ask you if they were related, but since you don't know who Gary Cohen is,
it probably...
I don't know. I have to find that.
And then of course there's his Hispanic brother, Marty Cohen.
I know this about the Cohen who was riding in Los Angeles.
I know. I'm in Southern California.
I usually don't bet him.
I think he's had two wins on this current.
Yeah.
The Hollywood meet.
Well, there's no Tyler Bays.
Anyway, I got a story that you can relate to.
Yes.
The headline is Tiger gets a root canal, but it's not about golf.
Yeah.
Many dentists have a difficult time performing root canals on scared humans, so it's no surprise
that a root canal on a 600 pound Bengal tiger requires three dentists in oral surgeon
veterinarian in lots of courage.
A 15-year-old tiger known as KUBE traveled from an Oregon Preservation Center to Lodai
California for the procedure of the Arbor Peck Clinic, which is handled similar operations
on other big animals.
It has teeth as long as human fingers and generates about 10,000 pounds of jaw pressure
with each bite.
Even fat boy can't do that.
No.
That powers especially dotting considering KUBE had a toothache.
So they relied on anesthesia and hard-earned skill Saturday to make sure the big head got
the proper care.
They got everything out and they feel so much better after they get their teeth fixed
at the own.
Optisectoral man.
They said a root canal so I thought it would be right up here.
Yeah.
Optisectoral man, if you'd like to perform that on a tiger, probably only when it plays
golf.
You never know with those things when that anesthesia is going to wear off.
Oh, I got a great story for you about that.
Back in the early 70s when I lived in Detroit.
Yeah.
So I had like a whole bunch of a caps and crowns put on.
And of course, you know, they fired your teeth down to like some of them anyway.
Like the front two teeth, they found out like a nub almost.
And I had to go in like for several different sessions because it was just too big of a job
for one day.
And I had this great old Jewish dentist in Detroit who's about a hundred years old and he only
worked like part-time and he would come in and he'd give me the shot in the morning and
there about a couple of hours later he'd say, we know I realize it's probably going to
start to wear off right now.
But let's just see if we can't finish by lunch today without they giving you any more
anesthetic.
Oh, yeah, it's really good.
Yeah, really good.
I remember when the MGM, the old MGM, which is now ballies, yes.
Downstairs where the shops are, they had a lion, a live lion.
They'd let people go in there and take pictures with them.
And he was so heavily tranquilized.
He was slept all the time.
And I remember Bob Sheridan.
Sure.
Well, Bob and I were there and Bob and another guy went down there and they had their picture
taken with the lion.
And the lion started to stir.
And those guys get out of there and I heard it.
Yeah.
In fact, Pete Axelm once did a thing on ESPN when he was picking football games, standing
next to that lion and he was doing a gimmicky thing where he was going to pick the lions
and in the middle of it, the lion yawned.
And Pete was, you could see him.
Oh, you could get your fly.
And he was head into the mouth.
We did not move.
But if you're going to do something like that with animals and big is probably better
to go to the parrots in the tropic cany and only if you can do that.
That's a little bit safer than doing the lion stuff.
Just like seafood in the Roy.
Yeah, that's right.
That was a tiger that got.
So what's your favorite self-flow to business that doesn't exist no more?
Restaurant or store?
Hmm.
It's a good question.
Yeah, well, that's our poll today.
I could have think about that one, but there were a lot of places around 70 nice trees.
Were you talking about that a couple of days ago?
Yeah, I mentioned very interesting about juniors and the Prince Hamlet.
Place for steak.
Is that closed?
Yes.
I mentioned that to George this morning.
I wonder if it was closed.
You sure it's closed?
Oh, it's long gone.
Okay.
The reason I say that is because I only ate there once.
That was the one on 79th Street, right?
And only ate there once and the food was fine.
But when you walked in there, it had the atmosphere of a bar mitzvahol.
In other words, it was just this big wide open place with these big long tables.
And it looked like a banquet hall as opposed to a restaurant.
It was.
It was like a union hall late at night.
Yeah.
Oh, they had some characters in there.
Huh.
But well, they have some characters that run away 84, but thank goodness they're still in business.
Oh, that's right.
We let them a lot.
Yeah, love that place.
You ever want to eat that run away 84?
By the way, talk to our mutual friend, the paramutual friend Derek.
He'll let me hook you up.
I can hook you up there.
I'm serious.
I know Anthony.
I know very well.
Do you?
Yep.
Good God.
You're a place where the food see it's very unusual where you have a place where the food is excellent and they give you enormous amounts of food.
Not that we need that, but how about the famous?
Yeah, that's that was the first one I wrote down.
That place was a historic.
That should have been preserved as a historical place.
Yeah, the worst thing of all is when they tried to reopen it.
I just went to end.
Yeah, all right.
I've ever taken that story about big, big daddy.
Remember big daddy from the heart of a place on Lincoln Road Mall?
Yeah.
Big daddy nap was his name.
That's right.
Well, anyway, they reopened it in a pink palace there in Daniel, which I figured what that building was by Daniel Highlight over there.
And they invited me.
They were became a sponsor.
I remember what year this was, but it's many years after they were close to original one and they invited me for a lunch.
And I go over there and they have lunch with big daddy and his wife and I come to find out that they're both diabetic.
She was on the verge.
I think she had an appointment.
I have one leg amputated at the time and we had we had our lunch and they both ordered like a chocolate egg cream.
You know, and I can remember very vividly that both pouring the chocolate syrup into the glass and I'm thinking.
And I didn't know nearly as much about diabetes then as I do now because I didn't know I wasn't diabetic at that point.
And this is with his can a first.
She's sort of.
And this also.
Well, they're telling me about their impending amputation.
It was.
Yeah, I've got a place for you that was a tremendous place in its day for concerts.
The Hollywood sportatorium.
Hollywood sportatorium.
Get that on at list, Josh.
That's that was infamous because there was only one way to get there and it was at Tulane back in the day when it was a Tulane road.
I saw Elvis there.
Did you?
Yep.
Huh?
When he was alive, I'll be damned.
Yep.
He weighed about 900 pounds at the.
Yeah, talking about the eating chocolate syrup.
But you can always tell when guys have hit the end of the line.
For example, like Smokey Robinson in the middle of the month is going to be at the Fallsview Casino and Niagara Falls.
Yes, which is a beautiful place.
But when you hit the when you're a big name entertainer and you hit places like the Fallsview Casino, you know, you're like pretty close to the end of the line.
Smokey.
Yep.
Yeah, you didn't look too good these days.
No, right.
He probably just passed his name.
In fact, the other day yesterday they had Hellhole work on for a second to an interview.
Oh, for deep throat, for deep throat.
And he doesn't look a day over 100 maybe two or three days, but he didn't look too much over 100.
And man, he is just.
And it's all about it's about morality, which people don't know anything about today.
It was all about morality.
He did the right thing, which of course he did do the right thing.
But nevertheless, he was Hellhole worker.
It was not the president's men.
I don't think it was about morality.
Yeah, you.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe in part revenge, but at any rate, you see, you can't really question the motivation because in the long one, it was the right thing to do.
It was.
Yeah, I don't think quarter date having to do with morality.
It was just a bunch of guys.
What you don't have today is really dumb guys.
Of course, the fact that most of them were from South Florida, that speaks for itself.
Yeah, that speaks for itself.
Oh gosh.
So the ones that so far have the most votes on our poll, which I'm sure you'll be fascinated,
they bring a little trip down memory lane before you go.
Six flags at land is Burton, Jackson, which isn't that far back.
But of course, once 9-11 came that was you know them.
Yeah.
Hey, Burke, get in a hair piece, sweetheart.
Playboy club.
Playboy club was great.
Pirates world.
Wolfies.
Yeah.
Highly a park.
Yeah.
Sambo is the studio gold triangle during March, Hemingways and Hollywood.
Jordan Marsh.
Yeah, I love Jordan Marsh.
Yeah.
Jefferson's juniors, the famous New York State cast, Deli Den, the toast member Toby
and the Toast, sure.
This came in a club or girlfriend, Ken Maldon.
Yeah.
Pick a low is on South Beach, the turf pub on South Beach.
Prince Hamlet, that was that was I never got to eat there, but everybody ready to buy
a turf pub is still there.
It is.
I think it is.
Get out of here.
I'm not kidding.
Okay, well, do some investigative work.
White Mountain ice cream, which I'm sure you never had because it was in plantation.
And the fountain shops and it was there about five minutes.
It was great.
Rocky Graziani's, remember, 135th and Biscayne.
I do.
And the bill of Deli, rest in peace.
What was the place on 163rd Street, the Daukatessen there?
And they moved to Halpernix.
No, not Pumpernix.
The place that moved to Pembroke Pines.
Oh, Corkeys.
Corkeys.
That was a very famous place.
The Pines are still around there in Tamarack.
Yeah, but they used to be there long gone from a hundred.
Oh, the famous one was on 163rd.
Well, you knew that was the end of that neighborhood when Corkeys.
I've always said that was the delineating point for North Miami beaches when Corkeys vanished
from that spot.
That was the end.
It was one thing when Wolfies left over there by where the peaches was too.
But when Corkeys moved out of there, that was the end.
That place was always packed.
I mean, just jam packed.
I'll tell you what's gone.
Not that recently.
It was recently, right?
Mineros.
Well, the narrows was very, very good.
That's gone.
Gone.
Better get that on the list, Josh.
Mineros.
M-A-N-E-R-O.
Mineros was good in the Halendale.
Yeah.
We should go there from Gulfstream all the time.
You know what they used to have?
That was great.
They had the big blue cheese salad.
Yeah, that was a helicopter call.
They had the organs all of a sudden.
Right.
That was a whole meal in itself.
That was a great place.
Well, I wasn't that you and I are so adept at talking about food.
Yeah, well, when you get to be this big, you must have eaten one or two meals in your
time.
I know.
Yes.
Just like my trip to Rome, boy.
That food is just, there's nothing like it in the world.
I don't care what anybody tells you.
Well, Wednesday, got a big trend coming up.
I was trying to get your mind off of that.
Under other things, there's a lot of pressure.
And I have a feeling if the trend isn't really solid, if it isn't rock solid, there's going
to be some middle-level management people looking for work by the end of the week.
Well, almost is the end of the week.
Well, I'll be thinking Gorgonzola salad all day.
There you go.
And I'll be thinking, Hagen does a banana nut ice cream.
Oh.
And the good news for you is you can't find it in South Florida.
I don't think so.
See, that's one of the worst things about Canada is that even though the throttles not
noted for great food, restaurants here, now there are many, really good ones.
But when it comes to ice cream, candy and crap, man, your heads and shoulders above the
states.
I mean, they got more different kinds of candy bars and ice cream.
And it's just, just crap.
Just what I need, you know, to keep me running the edge.
Well, listen, have a great day and I'll say a prayer for all of us.
They were in the candy and you'll be tuned in at 11.30 or beyond the edge of your
scene.
I will be that.
Well, I'll pray for you.
Nice.
Thanks.
Have a good day.
I'll see you here.
I ain't never said no to you.
I'm just heard and boy.
That is the door to the door.
The mouth deep, saying, door is.
Yeah, yeah, it's never said that it's a door.
That's the kind of shit that you're gonna say that that's the door to the door.
That's the opposite.
Hey, me, my dad is always the door.
Door door to door to door to door to door to door.
Door door to door to door to door to door.
Door door to door to door.
The door to door...
Door to door to door to door to door.
Door to door to door sansflavia government.
We got your ass.
Come and on the door to my heart.
On the door to my skin the heart making noise으로.
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die again!
I'm going to die again!
I'm going to die again!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die again!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
I'm going to die!
It's 1010 already boys and girls on a Thursday, June 2.
It's ratings day. It's just a trend.
Just one of those trends, okay?
It's a one third of the spring rating book for those of our
astute audience. For the people in the audience who are really radio savvy, as Jim
Sarni would say. For the radio listing savvy crowd, be sure and tune in on ratings day, because
old Uncle Neil gives you all the numbers. We're just going to make up a bunch of numbers.
All right. That's why I played that. We're number one dammit, because at least right now we can still say that going back to
before this morning, 1130.
Is speaking of numbers, we got some bad numbers from our rack again. Can you believe that?
Just when we've been told that everything is going along swimmingly well.
Oh, we're flying!
Oh, yeah, dolls! Here we go again. Every time we do this with a restaurant, dolls
comes up and dolls watch very, very good with the cheese on the seat.
And the cheese on your check. In fact, they should have called that place Tucky Cheese, because
everything had cheese on it. Even the waitresses had cheese. Well,
now that was I guess at Wolfe's, the waitresses' fifth cheese, and Tojan.
Man, suicide car bomb kills 20 in a rack.
Three suicide car bombs killed at least 20 people in wounded 53 in a rack.
This morning, one attack targeted bodyguards for deputy prime minister, one targeted
U.S. diplomatic convoy, and a third attack killed a political leader in Bakuba,
police and government officials said. That wasn't Kuba, it was Bakuba.
I say.
Oh, and because we're having such a difficult time recruiting anybody to sign up for the army or
any of the armed forces, because nobody wants to be human sacrifice in Iraq,
an army sergeant from Ohio who was wounded in Iraq and wanted to remain in the military as an
openly gay soldier was officially discharged this week, according to an advocacy group.
Sergeant Robert Stout, 23, was awarded the Purple Heart after grenade sent
scrap mail and was armed face and legs while it was using a machine gun on a humvee on May,
in May 2004. Stout of Utica in central Ohio, that's Utica Ohio as opposed to Utica in New York,
UC, told the AP in April that he wanted to remain in the military and be openly gay, but
that would conflict with the Pentagon's don't acts, don't tell policy.
Aaron Belkin directed the Center for the Study of Session Minorities in the Military at the
University, California, Santa Barbara.
St. Sergeant Robert Stout told him he was due back in the U.S. on Tuesday that they have
discharged, meaning two days ago. I know a ton of gay men that would be more than willing to stay
in the army if they could just be open, Stout said in April. He said he was openly gay amongst most
of his 26-member platoon, part of the ninth engineer battalion based in Germany.
Well, you know, in Germany, man, there's like everybody is.
No.
Huh?
They, I had no idea.
Oh, it's a tricky thing.
Our main officials, even the Heneros are gay.
Army officials that the Pentagon could not immediately confirm the discharge.
The Army declined.
Careful.
I wonder if it was in a...
Ah!
The Army declined to come in early on the case.
I would love to say that soldiers discharged under don't acts, don't tell.
Typically, we receive honorable discharge.
Well, listen, act great.
He was wounded and he put his wife on the line for his country, but he's, of course,
one of those, so don't need you.
What did I do with the result from yesterday's poll?
Don't I have that in my pile somewhere?
Is this the toss that?
What was yesterday's poll?
I forgot it.
So I had tossed it out, dude, the chalks.
No, it wasn't.
Was it?
What were you talking about?
It was about...
What the hell was it?
It was about the biggest ripoff.
Hold the ripoff.
Boy, you are...
Man, stay behind.
I do with that thing.
I don't know.
That's not it.
I bet you I tossed it.
How the hell could I do that?
Well, nobody really cares anyway.
They were all waiting for today's poll.
At least I was.
I mean, who gives a rancense about that other thing?
Oh, here it is.
Okay.
Well, what's the point of taking one if you're not going to give the result?
Okay, this is very difficult.
If the audience is just hanging on the edge of their seats?
Part of shape our lives around this stuff.
And the reason, it's 10-14, but I'll get to the break.
We got no spots today.
Nice call when that sales department back there.
You're doing it, guys.
You are doing it.
Especially Berkeley.
She's cold-calling shrinks today.
Because she knows the numbers are coming out.
Okay, that's the biggest ripoff today.
Gas prices, $292.
We had over 1,600 votes.
Medical insurance, 303.
Prescription drug prices, $235.
They're a killer and the price is two.
Stadium concessions, $127.
Car insurance, $98.
Quaid-card companies, $96.
With that special APR, $28.9% whatever that is.
Hospital treatment, $72.
Real estate, $48.
Taxes, $46.
Comments, $243.
Bottle water, $36.
Florida Lottery, $33.
That moved up there nicely.
Turnpike tolls, $26.
Flood insurance, $20.
Timeshare, $17.
The QAM Online Auction, $15.
Pyramid schemes, $14.
And paying to see the revenge of the Schmidt, $9.
I don't know, I don't think the audience,
didn't even do the poll on that thing.
It was kind of like men's amends of the time.
Yeah.
The time to pick it.
Most people hadn't seen it.
And it's kind of a little slow.
But they don't hate it quite as much as you did.
Well, let's hope they were.
Or maybe they were smart enough to listen to us
and just not go see it.
Would be very nice.
But it comes as poor as we are.
The authority.
2020.
When it裝 in open up
We've tied up in thousands of people across the land
Much more horrible than they got yet
Someone that was made again
Back to mystery and silence
The judge of this is Donald Trump
But America thinks you
Think I'm beautiful, the white step blue
I didn't make it true
And now we get out of tune
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, will we end up there again I don't
What is the one hand in me doing with the flops on his feet
The other isn't so the smell is sweet
What go all the way
The other will be like clay
What if it's one of those dead splits
With Judge Paul the head too
The better it will be bigger than you
What will make it true
Now that we get down to tune
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, I'm carrying
Oh, will we end up there again I don't
I realize it's a little bit dated now
But it's kind of pointless for them to go through all the trouble of doing the bit now
And it's not playing it
It's cute
21 past 10 at 560 WQA
And we got the guilty for Moldys Act
The Mold Mike's duty days off
And Moldys are not
And the guilty is on Tudor
Mad Dog will be on as always
He's just rock solid
4 to 630
And then we got Marlon's on deck
Don't tell me the Marlon's actually lost a game last known in Pittsburgh
Oh, my God, they got pounded man
They got whipped
They got horsewhip
They got shellacked
So they just can't beat the pirates
So Josh told us yesterday that which I wasn't aware of, not that I really care
But anyway, they lost all their games against Pittsburgh last year
And they still haven't met him this year
Right
They lost the first three of a four game serious
So they're going to try to like salvage the getaway game
And it's pretty depressing
Anyway, Marlon's on deck at 630 the game in Pittsburgh at ABC XYZ apart
At 705 at EDK follows the game
He of course always is rock solid
He's there man
He's got the scores, he's got the odds, he's got the ends, the outs, the ups and the downs
With her once-yielded fiancée at her side, right away bragg, Yennefer Will Banks
pleaded no contest to a felony counter making a false statement this morning
Just short time ago as a matter of fact, and they showed around TV
And her eyes were elected
Hopper out of her head
I'm truly sorry for my actions
I just want to thank Winnett County in the city of Duluth
A crying Will Banks head in court
Isn't that something she was crying?
Yeah, yeah
She was in tears
BEEP
BEEP
Yellow money
That was her
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh no
Judge Ronnie Bachelore
Sentenced her to two years probation, 120 hours of community service, continued to seek mental health treatment
To pay the sheriff's office $2,550 bucks
The felony charge parade of maximum sends to five years in the slammer
As though the charge was a misdemeanor as part of the plea deal
If she successfully completes probation, the felony will be erased from her record
She's done everything we could ask of her Will Banks attorney who Lydia Sartane said before sentencing
She's accepted responsibility
Her fiancée, John Mason, whom she was her married April 30th
About 30, man
The lavish ceremony was with her as she arrived at Winnett County Courthouse
Will Banks wearing black outfit and running shoes
She could have faced up the six years in prison if convicted about charges as well as 11 grand and five
She could also have been ordered to reimburse authorities for the cost of the search
Which has been touted at more than 50 grand
On Tuesday she agreed to pay over 13 grand of the city of Duluth George to help pay for the overtime costs
The city encouraged searching for her
She needs to be horse whipped
BEEP
And that's true about the, those two people that she made up they didn't exist at all
They didn't order that for anywhere
They just didn't exist
She took a bus to Vegas and then another bus to Albuquerque
She initially claimed she was abducted and sexually assaulted later we candid
And since she fled because of unspecified personal issues before the high profile wedding
Unspecified personal issues
That always raises the people of flags in my mind
Okay, here's today's poll
Here's the real good stuff we got going
I like this a lot
I know some of you out there
All you guys you old guys you're living in a past well guess what?
Even when you were young punk you still like you know reminiscent about places that were so great that they're no mole
You know what?
Yeah
Like the soda shop up the corner on the island
I always used to seem like it was in a drugstore
Not always but very often
Like the one on red bird, bird road, whatever the hell that is
Red bird
Red bird
Whatever that place is
Red and bird, Allen's drugs on red and bird in the Gables
No actually it's not
It's in my role
It's in the Gables
Is that the growth?
That's the border of the Gables
Well whatever the hell it is
Who cares?
Who gives a flying leap
Anyway there it is it's Allen's drugs
There was an Allen's drugs on Grand River Avenue when he's slancing when I went to Michigan State
And they had the same kind of a set up there
They had a big soda fountain
And also there was cutting hand drugs in Detroit in Michigan
It was very big
What does that have to do with anything?
I don't know
Oh they had some good stuff in there
Those are the days
I know it sounds really corny
But you go in there and they make a burger fresh on the grill you know
It's just tasted different from all the stuff you get today
Although we do love everybody that makes burgers today
We love airbie, anybody that's in business
We love you profusely
Oh God do we love you
Do you believe us?
Yeah
What's your soft food a favorite business that no longer exists?
We got a couple hundred votes
Six Fags in land is 28
Burton's Act 23
The Playboy Club 21
That was in three different locations
And now it's gone
Did we add the ones that Hank was talking about?
I don't see them on here
Okay, tell me those again
What the hell were you doing?
Were you putting stories on there while we were doing it?
No, I was busy doing what?
Computer work
Computer work?
Sure
Okay, whatever you say
The place for a stake
Was it a place for a stake or a replace for a stake?
A place for a stake
Was it like the item?
What do you know?
I mentioned it to you before to show this more
You never even heard of it
I think it was the place for a stake
And then was it one in the Helen Dale?
Beans with an M?
Heavyweight?
No
No for cry
You mean you were paying any attention?
What, you would hate talking?
Oh my God, we were talking about the poll
About it's topical, it's right in touch
What we're doing today for Christ's sakes
Yeah, you were talking about old places
I'd never heard of these things
Oh, get out of here
I hear you right in the wall
Every place on this list you phony baloney
Anyway, what is it?
It was rather the tip of my tongue
Bort Mineroes
Mineroes, M-A-N-E-R-O, Pacti-V-S, Mineroes
That was great
What I had the big salad we were talking about
The Gorgonzola dressing
Oh, God, you know, and it huge like in a tub
Like in a bathtub
Man, it was good
And they're gone
You got those now?
We got them
Damn it
Playboy Club 21, Paris World 20
Highly a park 17
And all those flamingos man
That was a beautiful place
Till John Burnett just turned it into a toilet
Sanbo 16, Wolfies 13, Jordan Marshall 11, the studio 9
Poor Freddie
That may have been the best restaurant I ever rated
In South Florida with the studio
I had many, many a meal there
Gold Triangle 7, Hending Way 6, Jefferson's 5, the famous 5
Famous is only got 5?
I guess only old Jews remember that
Like me and Hank
But you remember the famous, don't you?
The famous was
Junior is 4, this came 10th Club 3, New York State House 3, Delhi then 2 in Hollywood
The toast, 2, How's Toby doing in mom?
Toby in mom
Dolce 1, Piccolo's 1, Turf Pub 1
We got to find out if the Turf Pub is still open or not
Prince Hamlet 1, and none yet for white mountain ice cream
Rocky Gratianis or Philadelphia
Rocky Gratianis was damn good
Probably most of you don't remember it
And then it turned into like I think a sea candy or something like that
135th and biscuit
What about the Hungarian Charters?
That's still there it's in the same hood
Hungarian restaurant, Hungarian Charters
I will find out first if it's still there
I don't want you to have to remove stuff from the pole
Because then it gets to be a little bit too much like work
Oh the button on the beach
Thanks Bob
I thought you were going to forget
What?
The slut in button
The button on the beach which I was talking to you yesterday
To the end of the show about what the guys name was who just died a few months ago
And you forgot and I don't know what it is
I still live there
Short kind of chubby guy
He was great, everybody knew him
He was like the life of the party on Florida DLB
What is wrong with you?
28 after 10 is 5, 60 WQAM if you're
Two
And the producers of T2 and T3
The writer of ID4
And the screen coordinator of NI2
And the set designer of AVP
And the gaffer from NIB2
And the caterers from AI
And LXD
And ETS
The portage on rental company from CSI
And the world in a world where everything is not
What everything seems that it is
This summer
I'll tell yourself
For the LDAR
She
L O O N L E
She
R I P F L
The only three.
Three.
Two.
Two.
No.
Mark Fuddle, Grip Flop, two.
Ready, P.G.
Thirteen.
Yeah, blank.
I knew it was there.
In the midst of all of this, uh, holo balloon, our history about the ratings come up in an hour.
Uh, I never, we never got to the beat of curtain today.
Holy moly, who's that?
Uh, some chick.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, she deserves a little better introduction than that.
We got another alley, Miss Mug.
That's one of your all-time better picks.
Just wait, because we've got another batch of pictures of her that I was saving for the weekend.
Wow.
Well, you know what I'm saying?
One of the best things is that she always begins another.
That is really special.
Some blonde, but we don't know who she is, but there are two pictures there for the price of none.
And, uh, that is one of the all-time award winners believe you.
You won't tell you.
Just wait until tomorrow.
Did I read them full resumption?
Or did I just dream that I did?
I, I, I, I, I, I just said it, I read them.
I'm just depressed to develop deli.
There's no anybody votes.
What kind of a bunch of crazy goi and we got listening anyway?
What is wrong with you people?
Your taste must be in your tush.
God.
Can't believe that.
And what we just asked about that the other day, we got the bad news that have been closed for six years.
That is really bad.
And of course they show you, man, the people that moved into town and drove everybody else out.
They have no taste whatsoever.
It's just the way it is.
Oh, the spice apple.
That used to be the used to have a table with Alan Burke's name on it.
It's a spice apple.
I was one of his sponsors.
And I believe also want to mine for a while too.
Yes it was.
That's gone.
Okay.
Oh, and now we're going to do the, let's see.
Charter is gone.
It was a great place.
Oh, Greg Newell.
That's a guy.
Thank you.
Whoever called it in Greg Newell was the guy on the button on the beach.
Thank you, Derek.
Do we have the button on the beach?
The button south.
We put on it.
Button south.
Let's get that on here.
I was spice apple and four lot of it.
It was a very good restaurant.
I'm going to call five of a rate there or not.
I don't know.
I know Alan Burke ate there a lot and he had his name on the tag.
On the tag, you know.
Kind of like I did for a little while at the melting pot.
Remember the one in North, well we don't like the one in North.
Yeah, remember I, yeah.
I forgot about it.
I'm sorry.
It is a great place.
But the one that went to he had the Rudy's hamburgers.
It says pepper of pines where hooters is now.
Yeah, we talked when he did the burger places.
We talked about Rudy's.
You get Rudy's on there.
That was too good for South Florida.
Too good.
That may have been along with whoves.
Would you put that on or not?
Nobody knows what that is.
But Rudy's definitely got to be on there.
That was fabulous.
Look at her go for water.
Oh, now what was big fact?
You see, Rudy's talking about the place to make kind of grill in those
fountain places.
Man, Rudy's that was.
And they also had great onion rings to it, Rudy.
You could assemble it yourself too.
Man.
And the Hungarian Charter we can put on there which I think they spelled it wrong.
I believe it was.
I'm not really sure now that I look at this.
But I didn't put CHARDA.
That's how they spelled it.
I'm sure that's wrong.
Hungarian Charter.
There was also on Biscay and up around at 100 and between 125 and 35th in the area.
What about those pizza joints that used to be there in North Miami, or in North Miami Beach,
like Mary or the Baker, where we'll have to find out.
See, that's what happens when you're not in town.
You're out of touch.
Of course, even if I were in town, I would be.
And I'd say to what else I miss badly.
Not that it belongs on the pool because they still are all around.
Obviously, but the bastard Robbins drive through one there on 163rd.
How many times do I talk about that place?
About 30, man.
Many a day after a really rough show of boys, especially at IOD, I'd hop off on a 163rd.
I'd get right off the highway there, you know.
Mm-hmm.
I wasn't really that far.
It was just a few blocks.
I wasn't that far from quirky either that I was hanging out with talking about.
Now, you talk about not knowing these places.
You certainly ate it, quirky.
Sure, quirky.
And you better talk real nice about them because every now and then they send us in that nice, right?
Delicious sliced brisket and those great little potato pancakes.
Oh, God, that's a quirky man.
What happened to this town?
They're still in the trees.
What?
They're still in Pember of Miami.
I mean, they're still around here.
Yeah, that was easy.
Not on North Miami Beach.
North Miami Beach is just a...
I remember it used to be.
Yeah.
WQIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a great one for your pool, but a person on the ash here will be a question.
Yeah.
I was in Detroit in Toronto over last weekend.
And I was listening to these radio stations.
They're called...
Especially the one in Toronto.
I think it's called Jack Gaffem.
Right.
And they got one in Detroit called Doug Gaffem.
Right.
Is that like anything around here?
No.
Yeah, it's just another one.
There's a cardboard cutout format.
It's, you know, one of those cookie cutter formats that they put on 80s Indian stations all over the country.
And then it lasts about six months.
And then if they disappear, then it's something else.
Yeah, they got the...
I see the ads for that here all the time.
That kind of liked it.
Maybe for six months, I like it.
But anyway...
I think they got GLFM is coming pretty soon.
Yeah.
And I understand the reason why you're living in Toronto.
It's really a nice city.
Oh, what a great place this is.
And by the way, a sunny and gonna be the 80s today is beautiful.
When I was there, it was sunny in seven.
And I really enjoyed it.
Good.
My thing for the poll is the Armadillo Cafe.
No, they're not gone.
They're like, they just moved.
They're in the pizza lot of plies over in days.
No, they're gone.
They're gone?
They are gone.
I went there like three months ago.
The Armadillo Cafe is gone?
Are you sure?
Oh, my God.
I am positive that they have stickers all over the door.
They do?
I would be happy if they had a good idea to follow Sadie's buffet in their footsteps, you know?
Yeah.
Well, that's the worst news I've ever heard in my life.
Okay, thanks for the bad news, Palli.
And I'll see you at the CN Tower right up on the top.
Thanks a lot.
567, how do you...
Do we need to verify that?
I could.
I googled it and there's one in Fort Lauderdale.
So...
Well, what do you mean by that?
That would be the one we're talking about.
All right, well, that's what I know.
Even though it's technically Davey.
I mean, you know, Davey and Fort Lauderdale, on a Google, they're not going to like separate
it, you know what I'm saying?
Just because you Google, it doesn't make this last guy full of crap.
Although, you know, I'm thinking one of our colors.
He easily could be...
Well, I'm sure we'll get some plenty of verification that that would be sad.
They had...
You know what they had?
That was the very best.
All their food was great.
They used to be in Davey on Davey Road extension.
I give up what they had.
And that real red neck, he looking place where he could double-punch your horse.
But they had that...
What's that stuff for dessert?
Where they have chocolate.
No, no, no, no, not even chocolate.
Where they like...
It's like the French onion soup in the crock, only its dessert thing.
What the hell do they call that?
Well, my mind is not working well at all today.
It must be thinking too much about food or vacation.
Oh, cranberry lay.
Oh.
Oh, you know, and they cook and they bake it, and the oven's so that the top is like crusty
and all the little black...
Oh, you made the baked...
I'd like to hop into a bathtub full of that.
What comes to it when you take it?
It's meal rangers, meal rangers.
I'm about to formulate body laws, which would be your five-sixth gear.
I'm going to get it.
The O'Rodgers is my lover.
Well, congratulations, get a light.
Five-sixth gear, and oh, how would it do?
I'm here, and you're there.
I didn't find a phrase, eh?
Did the dragon around with your pants down in a radio land?
Poor thing.
A little bit.
Would they share any feet?
He's a caution, ain't he?
Eh, eh.
Do you owe it that much of a toy, yet?
Well, I'm laying down the lower ones of the four.
From this point on, I demand...
to get paid by the toy.
They're going to capitalize on my pedantic...
...efficacity.
I run a feisty action, see?
It's like figured out that you're sold.
Even though I had the talent...
Excuse me, ma'am.
I'm in the middle of a show here, Greg.
No!
What a wonderful show it is to...
What did...
Well, I just want to give an old...
that payroll has authorized payments by the doi...
with these.
There is a reach greenstone.
Yes!
It was every doi.
You get an entire book.
Is it from King Corn?
No, it's a wonderful value.
It'll rally coupons.
You know, only we couldn't get those.
You know, my uncle collected...
...Rally coupons is entire life.
And what are you giving them?
An iron lung.
Now, there's a map in locations...
to each redemption center in the back of these books.
Hey!
And you'll excuse me for a moment.
I'm going to put my fist through the wall.
You'll be my guest.
God!
Have her!
See her out, pal!
Well, tell me...
Here we are...
The SNH Green Stanford Dirt Gen Center.
You gotta read out loud, you know.
It didn't like the costumes.
It helps the children.
Yeah, but there's no sign.
According to the map, this must be the place.
This place is the God of Business, we hear!
And how many years might that be?
You have placed a unit together, shall we?
That's the reason we had time!
That's the case!
See if anybody's in there.
You got these great stamps, huh?
But it's empty, though!
Everybody home?
Anybody in there?
You know who I am?
I think...
Put it in the post-credit class, though.
See if anybody's inside.
No, kiddo!
Close it!
Close it!
A little closer!
I can't...
Like that!
I said, it's lazy me!
I got to go to the news for ya!
We're gonna have spots up the Oyingying pretty soon.
You wanna know why?
I give up why.
Burpees called calling all the businesses on our pool today.
All right.
Special rate for them, right?
19-year-old resident was shot and killed early this morning as he stood talking with one or two friends in a street in West Palm Beach.
The murder of Roteami Barley, a 45th street in the city, occurred around 145 this morning.
On the 4300 block of Pinewood Avenue, while he was standing in the street talking with one or two friends, Poli said.
The figure said somebody on foot approached the group, fired a single shot,
and hit Barley and then fled.
Barley collapsed in the street, with soon rushed to St. Mary's Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.
A motor for the shooting was not immediately known, but Poli said a small bag of what appeared to be drugs was found in the street nearby after the shooting,
but they said they didn't know who they belonged to or what they were.
Maybe they would have a lost in Palm County.
Anybody who belongs to these drugs, please come and get them.
And also anyone with information on Barley or the shooting that should call West Palm Beach Poli's detective Donald Iman.
You know the Iman?
Yeah.
Donald Iman at 561-822-1668.
Is it mental what kind of drugs they were?
It says they don't know.
Oh, I guess that's part of the ID process.
You know what?
It's like an amount of money that's filled up.
Here's for the Poli and Nathan's hot dogs.
So get out of here.
Nathan's is not a business.
What is wrong with you?
Nathan's is in every shopping mall.
They're in the sawgrass, right?
Nathan's is all over the place.
They're even in the turnpike pool plas of places.
I said it to you anyway, but the Grand Prix race around the first day moved and they changed their name.
That doesn't really count.
Right.
St. Hubert's chicken.
I don't think they're about a business early.
I don't know.
I never heard of it.
Well, I don't.
I think that Nivas, oh on the corner, sunrise and federal highway, Nivas Roaspeeth, that was from Buffalo.
Nivas, any BA.
Got it?
Got it.
Who is this from?
From Debra and Miami.
Thanks Debra.
Castle Park.
What is that?
Do we even know what that is or was?
No.
Well, I don't know.
Put that on there and make Debra happy.
Castle Park.
Because Nathan's is obviously a...
Let's see.
Here's a state place on sunrise.
It has a borderline in your coastal that gave unlimited sangria with dinner.
Oh, yeah.
It was called an uncle, Charlie's.
Charlie's...
Oh, what was that place?
Out of the...
Well, that's what the one that was.
It was Charlie something.
Come on.
Charlie, too.
No, seriously.
You know what?
They have unlimited sangria.
I had many amelars, in fact.
I don't know about that particular one.
Beefstake Charlie's.
Is that the one?
I don't know.
I think that's it.
So it's Charlie I can think of.
No, it was beefstake Charlie.
You're right.
I'm limited sangria with dinner.
Great.
I love the good picture of sangria.
Especially when I worked in Sarasota, WSPB in 1973, which is now some other piece of crap.
But there was the Spanish restaurant there.
There's also one in Tampa still around.
Yeah, there were used to go many afternoon and have it.
And of course we had a trade out there, so it was free.
The Columbia.
Well, what a memory, huh?
The Columbia restaurant.
We used to get the big pictures of sangria and just the slosh our sorrow is the way.
Here's the fact that it says, and it reminded me this fact, even though they don't say it.
I'm going to say it to you.
How come we're doing all restaurants?
Because we're a bunch of pigs and we like to eat.
Yes, we miss.
We miss all this good food.
Although, I don't think we'll miss any meals.
Tina Spaghetti House.
Now, I'm pretty sure that's got to be gone.
That was on in Fort Lauderdale on the Federal Highway just north of St. Roderie 4.
You ever see that Tina Spaghetti House?
No.
No.
Well, that was there a long, long time.
That was there for a...
I'm sure it must be gone.
Tina's also, it says the poop deck, which of course is gone.
Somebody said to Marlon Beach Hotel.
Did we put the Marlon Beach Hotel on there?
No, why not?
Because it's a place.
Marlon Beach Hotel needs to be on there.
And also, the poop deck.
And then it says the copa.
I don't understand.
Is the copa closed?
No, it's still there.
How do you know?
Because my brother used to live over there.
Your brother used to go there?
We have over there.
Oh, you don't have to get defensive about it.
Just because your brother used to hang out at the copa, maybe he used to sell dopea at the copa.
I don't know what differences to make.
Or maybe he smoked a dopea at the copa.
I don't know.
It's kind of a...
You're fair place.
Never do I.
It's still there.
Yeah, I knew we get a whole bunch of places that are still open.
And you're not going to be slipping any crap by us until today, that right now.
Okay?
We're on top of it.
We are about as astute as it gets.
We're about as sharp as a marble.
Okay, so don't try like a sneak one by us.
And then we find like the Armadillo Cafe that we find out.
Are they open, closed, or thinking about it?
What's the story?
I'll find out.
If I ever shut up and take any calls.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Neil, it's been gone a while, but how about the Sweden House?
Oh, the Sweden House was good.
Yeah, that was all you three buffet.
Yes, sir.
Sweden House buffet with a big yellow sign.
Yeah, take care now.
Thank you.
Sweden House.
Every day?
That was good.
I had a long time ago, though.
No.
And there was also a Swiss restaurant on Federal Highway South of the State Road 84.
A Swiss restaurant where they had fondue.
Along before it was a melting pot.
This was the first place I ever had fondue in Florida.
Oh, God, was that a good place.
The Swiss, and then you're going to say, oh, the Swiss shallay.
And I'm going to say nothing.
I wasn't.
I'm going to say nothing.
Nope.
The Swiss.
There are quite a bit of sliders.
What I'm going to point.
The Swiss shallay, I've never had to pleasure.
Like I said, I tried to lead you away from that.
And you just, you just never know when to like, leave it alone.
What?
What do I do?
I tried to lead you in the opposite direction.
I see what I'm saying.
I thought I held up like a big sign.
It said, we're moving right along.
Okay?
We love the Swiss shallay.
We have great thickening.
Rives and stuff.
And they're here, as a matter of fact, they're all over Toronto, the Swiss shallay.
So next time you come up, you might want to stop and eat there.
Or maybe Ruth Chris.
I'll leave the choice up to you.
WQ I am, hello.
Mia, I got something for your poll.
Okay.
The Castaways.
Oh, the Castaways, Van, it was a landmark.
Van, did I love that place?
Those are the days that the Castaways, a-1-A and a-1-A, and a-1-A, what, 25th, 35th, something like that?
Yeah, I love that place.
You used to get drunk there every weekend.
I would.
How would you say five?
Okay, me too.
And obviously she's still not missing any.
The Castaways, one of the favorite versus the Ron things.
Don't you remember the Castaways?
That I did.
When I picked yellow sign, it was a landmark.
Well, I tell you, South Florida used to really be something.
It used to be a fun place.
It used to be wide open.
Did we put spring break on there?
We didn't even put that on there from yesterday.
Why not?
Okay.
Well, we're waiting till today.
You know, we'd see, we cheated yesterday and we let the audience stick a bunch of stuff.
But that was good.
It gave us a good start today.
Maybe that's why we didn't have as many votes as usual.
They had fucked choice.
Or maybe their favorite is none or yet.
Don't forget Berkeley's going to be cold calling these accounts.
So we're going to hear a lot of spots.
In fact, that's a good idea.
On days like today when we don't have as many spots as usual, we'll just do spots for places
that aren't in business anymore.
And maybe if I do a really good enough job, we can create enough interest that they'll open again.
They're famous on Washington Avenue.
And I believe about six street was netted, six in Washington Avenue?
Oh, what was that place?
Oh, with a big tubs of mots of balls and big tubs of crepline.
And they would bring the soup with the noodles and then you'd put your own balls in there.
Where else could you do that?
WDQA and hello.
Hold on one second.
Let me turn the radio off.
Sure, please.
Good job.
Hey, that worked good, right?
It sounded like that.
I got a little list here of plates and restaurants.
What's your favorite 600 places that are no longer in business?
Okay.
Well, first I'll go with the stores.
Jackson, Byron, and Jefferson.
Oh, Jackson, Jefferson's is on here.
But you really like Jackson Byron's?
Oh, we've got to like him.
The other question is, what is your favorite South Florida business that no one exists?
The question is how many?
Well, my mom worked there, so I liked it.
How was that?
I wanted to honor her because she was able to feed you.
Oh, God, what am I going to do?
I got all these restaurants on here and I liked most of them.
Make your time.
Give me about 500.
We got ratings coming 11, 13,000.
Okay, just go to about two.
Okay.
James, on the mile.
With Mike and Soda.
You know, Sunday, late.
Oh, I love those places.
Yeah, I wish we had those now.
Well, you get like a real ice cream soda.
Oh, yeah, it had you in the box.
Is it a real meaty table?
Yeah.
It was cool.
Valentines?
Oh, Valentines.
I was thinking about that before and I forgot to mention on here.
That's where I had my bathroom experience and stood off the toilet.
Yeah.
I was at great food though.
Yeah, how they did.
It all truly pano.
I beg your pardon.
In North Miami, it was across from the Jockey Club.
What's the good Italian place?
Il Tulli Pano.
Oh, Il Tulli Pano.
That was a sponsor once upon a time.
That was a gourmet place.
Yeah, that was sensational.
T-U-L-I-P-A-N-O-I-L towards T-U-L-I-P-A-N-O-I-L to the Pano.
That was sensational.
I was real excited, not this chipoy RD.
Right.
Do you remember the depot, the train restaurant?
Sure.
Okay.
Yeah, with the whole, that wasn't like South-Dade.
South-Mahami on you, everyone.
Uh-huh.
Marshall majors.
Marshall majors.
Oh my goodness, he brings back federal members and stand-mabers.
Marshall majors.
I must've seen 100 meals there.
That was in the grow-up.
That was my every-o.
South-Mahami, South-Dade.
Oh my god, was that a good place.
I don't remember what the hell was especially there, but that was a good place.
It was definitely a place.
Yeah, oh, I know what it was.
Yeah, but I'm just a member of the big deal.
But it was really great.
I know that.
Well, everything was pretty good, I thought.
Yeah, how come we had all these good places?
Now it's like, you know, all beans.
Well, because, well, no garbage.
It's double-coffed.
Uh, Bodega.
Bodega Seikas.
Yep.
Is gone?
Uh, the one on U.S.1 is long gone.
Okay, well, I'm sure they're also...
Oh, and also Mario the Baker is up in Broward, and there's one now in state.
Oh, it's on Sunrise.
It's on University of North of Sunrise.
Yes, yes.
Uh, the Monks Inn.
Oh, how could I forget the Monks Inn with that fantastic French onion soup?
And those crocs in the Monks Inn.
Yeah, I actually came and waited on you in Monks Inn.
You have one.
Yes, they did.
Yes, they did.
There was a little strange, but the one was pretty good.
That was a good place for them.
I'm going to tell you right now.
In fact, South Day used to have so many unbelievable restaurants that they're so scary now.
Yeah, they're mostly gone.
Yeah.
And this was a place that is...
What do you mean?
I enjoyed it.
It was set up for kids, the young Broward.
It was seven, like, restaurants under one roof.
Huh.
And they had video arcades and pinball machines and crap like that.
And that's it, man.
That's my list.
This is fun living in the past, isn't it?
It is, but, you know, then you miss it all.
Because there's nothing like it now.
Yeah, but by the same token, we'd be like always 600.
Probably we in a box right now if they were still open.
So that's the good one.
Yeah, you guys are like that.
I have a good one.
You two men.
That was a great call.
He had like a whole...
See, you want a thing to have a whole list, but it's really like good list, you know?
These days, Charlie's, they used to have the...
All you can eat peel and peel in each shrimp and the sangri and the pitcher.
Oh, that gets your fingers smellin' real nice.
Oh, I got a line for that to join the team.
John's gonna come with sports.
Right, go, you idiot.
Sportsmen, you'll buy 60, you idiot.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Where would come the freedom of a press?
The only information anyone gets?
If only one nobody wants to just go.
If I can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If an 800 channel would say you know anything.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
If you can sign or prove it up, I will go.
Or...
If you are really interested,
You will find that I am making with you.
Oh, time will beat your other religion.
Get up, wear this road to the rear of the liars of paint.
Give up, give just all the heart, how they keep us up the door to go to the rain and the world.
Give up rush.
Hello, Dolly.
Lama, 8-11-02-5-60-WDQM.
Happy Thursday.
You were just 20 minutes away, but who's counting until the trend comes out?
That's going to be like February, March, and April.
Yeah, we do this every month.
You know, it's this rolling three months here and three months there, and it just never ends because we keep rolling along.
Somebody says Pirates World, which is in second place at the moment on our poll.
Right.
I like their comments though.
There's a Miss Pirates World with the concerts, the free drugs, mosquitoes, semi-new chicks, police brutality, all of these things is what it says.
All of these cringes.
Also, he says, I find it telling that America is obese in the majority of nominees and lists our restaurants past the jelly.
And when he says, Jelly, I'm going to be talking about K.
Why?
What jelly he had in mind, but nevertheless it's one of our people's things.
Okay, here's what we got so far.
I got this enormous pile of stuff I might just have to save it till tomorrow, tomorrow, being Friday.
Okay.
Well, I want to get in all these.
We're going to have 80 million in the places today, which is good.
Having a poll that can get their sink, their teeth into.
What's your favorite South Florida business that no longer exists?
Six Flags Atlantis, 38, Six Flags, Pirates World 31, Burton Jacks 29, Rest in Peace.
That was a really good place.
Remember we had dinner with Rana and PD Boulder there?
I sure do.
Remember that night when they came to announce very proudly that they can just...
The Schmidt-Cand Steve Nichol, they were tittering.
We paid him to go away.
A great, are too happy now.
Yeah.
And of course, it wasn't too many months after that that I said, see ya.
Bye-bye.
And Rana was in the office.
They're tapping her foot.
Very nervously tapping.
I said, bye, Rana.
He lost you bitch.
By the way, she just got canned over there at the Keep Channel.
Let's hear it.
Rana Ravall think got fired to did.
Burton Jacks 29, highly a park 28 with the flamingos and the racing and just a beautiful and a huge royal palm trees.
Now, what was it?
It wasn't Hurricane Andrew.
What maybe it was?
I don't think so.
What's some other hurricane that uprooted a lot of those royal palms?
Failure.
Whatever it was.
Playboy Club 27 and all their various incarnations.
Wolfies 24, which there used to be, let's see, where the three or four.
There was Wolfies on Lincoln Road Mall.
There was the one on Wuktakalans Avenue further up.
And then there was the one in North Miami Beach where a peaches was which then became something else.
Right?
I reckon.
And then of course there was the one in Hollywood which was a deli-dan and pumpernix and wolfies and pumpernix.
Whatever that is.
Anyway, Wolfies 24, Sambo's 18, Jordan Marsh 15, the studio 11 may have been the best restaurant in the history of South Florida for my buck.
Of course I ate there for free so my buck stretched pretty far there.
Hemingway's 9, Golden Triangle 9, Gold Triangle, excuse me.
The button's South 8.
What was your guys name again?
I know I chewed out.
Greg Nool.
Dalth 7.
Biscayne Canal Club 7.
Where are my good close personal friend Ken Maldon used to take really good care of me.
Oh boy, those were the days Ken.
That's when that area was really, anyway, the famous 7.
How can the famous have only 7 boats?
Like I said, I guess all the old Jews are dead.
Jefferson 6, Jr. 6, New York State House 4, Marty Sussman, Big Wilson, Neil Rogers.
Moneros spelled wrong, 3.
That's MA in, but nevertheless.
It's not as bad as spelling as well we'll get to a little later.
Delved in 3, Castle Park 2.
I don't know what that is.
Place for steak 2, Piccolo's 2, Villadelli 2, the Toast 2.
The Sweden House 1, Spiced Apple 1, Turpub 1.
Some of them now.
The Hanks said that that's still open.
We'll have to find out on that too.
Prince Hamlet 1, none yet for spring break.
The pooped Egg Marlin Beach Hotel, Team is spaghetti house.
Beef Steak Charlies where they had that old you can eat, peel and they peel any shrimp and sangria in the picture.
Niebe's roast beef done, they Hungarian Charda, which someone has spelled Charda.
Like with a New York accent, you know, or maybe like a New England accent Charda.
C-H-A-R-D-A.
I do like clam Charda, but not Hungarian Charda.
Although I do like that Hungarian Goulash, like we had from Fritz and Prons.
Remember that?
Yes I did.
Sorry.
Oh, it was that good.
Anyway, Rudy's don't have any of his Wemma and Ice-cream or Rocky Rochyani's.
The reason why bout Ice-cream didn't have any is because it wasn't open long enough.
It's like the pool two days ago on the biggest stiff athlete to play in our photo.
Mike Wilson had no votes.
That's because he was on the Panthers for about how many seconds?
About 30 seconds.
Oh yeah!
Eastern Airlines.
Of course.
We Eastern was great.
I flew to Hawaii a few times on Eastern Airlines.
Well, I was a good airline.
Also, the loft restaurant, Prospect Road in 441 in North Lauderdale, long gone,
two good for soundfotuses, the loft restaurant.
And, Arts Talks, Playpen in Fort Lauderdale.
Now, let's see.
What's the name of the movie theater that was right next door to that where I saw the exorcist
where kids were coming out and puking their guts out.
They were puking green pea soup as a matter of fact.
I'm not sure if it was just a stunt.
But anyway, Arts Talks, Playpen.
And, oh my god, right in that same area, in fact, it may be like almost in the same building.
Maybe that's where Arts Talks, Playpen was Gigi's, G-I-G-I apostropheus, Gigi's,
a tiny restaurant.
It was like a Lenin's Tower of Pizza thing, you know?
Remember that?
And that's before your time, I'm sure.
That was, oh boy, that was a good place, molded the bany.
Not like Rome, but for South Florida by, South Florida standards that was outstanding.
Yeah, that you'll, we don't have that on there either.
See, I'm glad I just came to my mind again.
How can we didn't put that on there?
El Tulipano.
Why are you like this selectively not putting some of these on there because you can't spell them or you're just,
let's be talking to Josh.
Yeah.
El Tulipano.
When you lose that spell I'm out for you, it's going to be an assuming.
Right.
A lot of names are, you know, flying by real fast here.
I-L, two words, I-L-T-U-L-I-P-A-N-O.
El Tulipano.
Got it?
We got it.
Can you handle it?
Maybe I'm going a little bit too fast for Josh there.
I know it's a little bit under the weather, it's a little off his feet.
Probably because you ate too much of that free food in the ballpark for our tonight.
One more time.
You're a-L-T-U-F-A-R-E.
W-E-Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N.
Q-A-N.
Yes sir.
What potato potato?
Yeah, that was a good place.
One potato to potato.
He's right.
See, you think he's just making that up.
And then in Boka there was three potato four.
You don't believe me doing it.
But there was.
Craig Worthing and I had-
That was one of our sponsors.
I do believe we have many amelior.
One potato was on Sunrise Boulevard North of the North.
You don't have to make the big bend up there.
On-A-Water Ruth Chris.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, it was right on-A-Water Ruth Chris.
One potato to potato.
Boy, that was a good place.
I mean, to really pick out.
Most of the restaurants are put on there now that are no longer in business day.
Maybe they just gave too much food to us because, boy, they-
Give huge humongous portions.
I'll tell you another one of those-
Yay!
Places was-
What was it?
In-Davy.
What was it?
Jimmy January's.
That was a-
Yay!
Restaurant.
Boy, that was good.
Oh, I had many, many amelior.
Jimmy January's.
And then there was, uh, any February's.
Jimmy January's.
You got that, Josh?
I got it.
Can I spell it for you?
Yeah, you're good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pawn 5, 60 in the Verizon.
Sing it in the wireless line.
20 minutes from now and we'll get that trend coming out.
And Duff will be walking in the heavy marching in.
And I'll have to look on his face and-
And George will be examining the pupils of his eyes to see if they're dilated or not.
And he'll have that, you know, even that very happy, that kind of like,
Sly, look if we did okay or had that real-
And George, either way, George will say-
You're fairy.
Let's see what we got here.
It says, how about, uh, for the list-
Yeah, how about Paris World?
How about this slide's Atlanta?
Sure.
The Agora Ballroom in Hellenville Beach.
Well, if you say so, the ranch house-
Yeah, somebody mentioned that yesterday, the ranch house.
Let's get that on there right away.
Uh, can you play my branny kids that are here for the summer of the homeless voice version of Willie Wonka?
Well, what is that?
Homeless.
What is it?
Homeless Oomphies.
Get out of here.
We got a bit called homeless Oomphies.
Yeah, it's great.
Oh, yeah, we do.
And we can play it?
Yeah, it's safe.
Well, that's coming right up as a matter of fact very shortly.
And it's long too.
I like that.
I see it.
So Sergio and Hylia, there you go.
You got it, Sergio.
Whatever you want.
You want it.
You got it from us.
And the price is right.
Well, are we going to have, this may be the biggest list you've ever had on here, even when we asked the best human being,
whoever crossed your doorstep?
No matter what it is, there's always, like, the movies thing, but this one may be the biggest mess because the good places, most of them are gone.
That's the sad part.
I'm not saying that there aren't a few good restaurants around.
In fact, we love all the restaurants that are open for business right now.
That's right.
And they're the little side of my voice.
Even restaurants where the food blows, we like them a lot just because we're friendly kind of people, you know?
And because our sales department are a bunch of pansy, that's why.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.D. Q.M.A. I'm sure.
We welcome seven groups, they're from you.
One, two, five, whoop, heart and sword.
We're the hopeless ends in the honor and church.
My name is number 73.
I use the side of your house to pay.
I am number 72.
My shiny pants smell like dojo.
Please don't roll your window up.
Whoop a whoop a whoop a date dollar.
We are the one drivers in their cars.
When you're stuck at the traffic lights, we will emerge for your borders and dives.
Stand in all day in the burial and hate.
In them, we all have a busy street.
When we tap on the window they usually say,
Get the hell away, you stay.
I hate.
Try not to run over me.
Whoop a whoop a whoop a date dollar.
We have much to offer you.
Watch your windshield work for food.
How about a flower from the southern young moon?
With white useless smell in this way.
Only take a shower when it rains.
When the hot pavement smelts my shoes.
I use my sock to brush my toes.
My wife on a corn cob.
Whoop a whoop a whoop a whoop a date dollar.
Prove the seeds go to the comfort of me.
In grief, search for what we do.
We get a fever box and a bottle of booze.
A cardboard box and a bottle of not a whoop.
I just had a great idea.
Starting October 1st, when the law changes,
when I do law goes into effect and plow a die,
some of those people on the street corners
there who are like standing in the median and getting in your way
and look really dangerous.
Just something rattling through my mind.
I certainly must have been in their throat.
But nevertheless, I think rattling through my mind.
The Oprah Winfrey show I have to read this,
because this is very depressing.
It made a ghost to show the sense state of affairs in America.
The Oprah Winfrey show has squeezed past wheel of fortune
and the weekly ratings to become the top syndicated program
for the first time since the summer of 1992, in the 13 years.
Which is a very, very, very devastating commentary
on American society today on American plot culture.
Oprah averaged 8.1 household rating this week,
ending in May 22, crore-2, and Neilson Media Research,
up 1% from the previous week, and up 7% over the year ago, period.
Wheel dropped 2% from the previous week to a new season low of 7.9.
Wheel has been the top syndicated show since the weekend in September 19,
when jeopardy was number one.
That's because that goofball was on here,
like that's the only reason people watched it.
What was his name? Ken Jenny.
Okay. Dr. Filming, while his usual came in second to Oprah in the talk show category,
jumping 4% from the previous week up to a 5.9,
see we got numbers already in sight of 1130 yet.
Oh, there's Michael Jackson arriving at court, he's going to get his.
Several other talkers also saw a boost including live with Regis and Kelly,
the Jerry Springer show, the L&D Generate show.
You fairy!
Among all talkers, Ellen is the showing the biggest year
to year improve over the 10% increase.
She gives me schgilkeys, man, I can't stand her.
Does she got any talent?
Is she funny?
You like Ellen?
As what?
Bike?
Yes, she's a fine example of a day.
Among the entertainment news magazines, I don't know what you're going to be doing.
I was just the Oprah and Wheel of Fortune thing,
which I find extraordinarily disturbing.
Maybe if they'd loosen up those machines that they'd had at Woodbuy and Wheel of Fortune
would make a little bit of a comeback and regain some of its lost lustre.
Anyway, here's some more for the polls.
There's stores.
Got it, there's members there?
Sure, of course.
There's was all over the place.
Over the corner where the Walgreens is right now.
Well, I'll be damned.
I'll be gosh darned.
J.M. Feels.
Okay.
I don't remember.
I had a credit card, J.M. Feels, Regis and the Railways and the Department store.
And here's one restaurant, of course, from Michellee,
food among the flowers.
All righty.
Remember that?
No.
It was a hell of a household kind of joint.
I'll speak to that.
I wonder if the unicorn is still around.
I don't know.
I know the original one is not, but then I know they opened in North Miami Beach
and they kind of artsy, artsy plays.
And they were on with us for a little while, remember that?
I sure do.
And we liked them a lot, although when they used to come in with the food, well, nevertheless.
You know what I'm saying?
No, no, we don't want to talk about that.
Oh, the black anus.
That's what it says here.
The black angus at Anus.
Right.
What if they kind of like Anus Allenies?
I would have heard him down.
It said the steakhouse on 441 that had the big cow in front of the food.
The food was right there.
No, the food was not right there.
Dan Douds.
And the boat camper still got the cow in front of the university.
Douds.
That's the thing, Cald.
And it is.
It's the same cow.
They got the, well, I mean, there's no sense in the leading front of Dan Douds
because it's not there no more.
No, the food was not right there.
And that's probably why they're not there no more.
Dan Douds.
The O.W.D.
apostrophe S.
You got that drive?
Dan Douds.
We got it.
Owl out.
It stands out.
In fact, maybe he'd have been good there.
They got it from Owl out.
What was the name again, your friend, your Julio buddy, Bill Tech.
Bill Tech rhymes with Schmick.
Owl out.
Here's one that says my neighbor, a Navy officer, said he sure misses the topless donut shop on South Federal Highway.
What was that call?
Just topless donuts?
I wrote it down.
I wrote it down.
I wrote it down.
I wrote it down there.
Oh, our donuts.
So I say, I'm so sorry.
Sorry.
And from long ago, the Laundromat-Sliced Topless Bar that used to be in this serious town area.
I don't know what that is.
Laundromat-Topless Bar.
Why do you have something to look at while your laundry is a churn-in and churn-in, right?
Why you're washing it?
We don't know what that is, but we certainly know our donuts, yes we do.
You got that?
That's the letter R, our donuts.
I'm sure Justin only think about that.
Bill and Ford Launderdale says that drunk lady crawler still my Thunder One Seats existed
the cast-aways that would have been my vote as I lost my virginity there during the summer of 1980
and then he writes, woohoo!
How do you like that?
I never saw woohoo written out like that.
That's nice.
Also for the pool, too, Dad.
Ha ha ha ha!
And six flags Atlanta's and the color blue.
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh man, you're bad, Bill.
That's a little shot.
You idiot.
He's doing the crayon pool, which we haven't put on or yet.
Next week.
Here's one.
What about, are you ready to confetti?
Confetti, which used to be on East Commercial Boulevard?
Do you know what that is?
I don't know.
It was a club, and it was fun.
They would drop confetti on you like all night long.
See, that's a hold your hand over your drink, basically.
I'll be damned.
But it was fun.
That says, what about stands on the intercostal?
I don't know from stand.
I know a stand major and Marshall majors.
Did we put Marshall majors on there?
Who?
Come on, Marshall majors.
It was a great belly.
It was one of the most famous delis.
I mean, it was huge.
It was a sponsor.
It was, I had many, many, many, many, many great meals at Marshall majors.
I love that place.
Also what says, you mentioned Rudy's before.
Rudy's got you down by the health department if I remember correctly.
Well, we can say whatever we want because they're not around anymore.
And you know something, I don't care how big the roaches were or the rats or whatever else.
Because the food was outrageously good, man.
It was sensational.
It was one right around the corner where you used to go home from IOD,
and you'd go up a biscuit and there to, or up the city on the street to biscuit,
and then make the right turn to go north.
And there it was, right?
Remember that?
Yep.
With a nice drive through.
Come on, let's bring Rudy's back.
Yeah, let's have a skidder of petition drive.
Let's get Chuck Meyer to go on a petition drive.
It's after we lower the fare on the turnpike.
5670560, Pond 560, and the Verizon and Singular Rival Slide.
His morning show would have been a gigantic hit if he wouldn't have picked on him.
A lot of work went into that.
We're letting this bastard.
I'll have you to.
WNQYM, hello.
Hi, Michael, I just came.
WNQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I would like to vote for K-102.
Magic is there now, and that just makes you want to go for anything else.
K-102.
Okay, K-102 radio station.
How about she, if we're going to put radio stations, I know what about she?
Right.
Huh?
And of course, what's happened in the world today?
They could call like, Xi radio.
Ah, Xi-ite.
Huh?
That would be good.
Look how it would be wrong with that.
That would be kind of fun.
We have a little bit of fun with that.
Not too much fun because then, you know, right, the FCC get off, sit and join us.
They probably stick her fat nose in there.
Her Yahoo old nose.
5670560, Pond 560, and the Verizon and Singular Rival Slide.
WQIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a few.
We got a few.
We got a few.
We got a few.
We got a few.
Six minutes to the radio station, come out.
So go right ahead.
Okay, and by the way, they forgot to put the sportatorium on.
I don't think you read the word.
Oh, it was sportatorium, Josh.
You don't have that on there.
It's going to get a lot of hosts.
People had a great time with the sport in terms.
A lot of conscience there, man.
Okay.
Yeah, go ahead.
Lionel Play World.
Lionel Play World.
Uh, Swenson's.
Swenson's ice cream parlor.
That was awesome.
You know something that's funny you mentioned that.
There must be, you and I must be psychic because I was trying to think a minute ago.
I thought of Jackson's, which of course is not gone.
It's in Daniel.
And I couldn't think of the name of that.
It's Swenson's ice cream parlor.
It's long gone.
That was good.
And, um, do guys come to nightclub?
What is it?
Do guys.
Oh, do guys.
That's where Johnny Darker's staying out.
It do does.
And last but not least, the Florida Panthers.
Hey, listen, things are looking up, baby.
We're like, uh, meet in Toronto again here today.
And, uh, they're doing it.
Now the ESPN said get lost.
Oh, there's hockey all over the place here.
I mean, no matter what time of the year it is.
It's Saturday.
That's goes on the left side.
We play them once.
We've knocked over.
It's a time.
Wait, there's hockey going on all over the place.
We got the hockey over here.
Philadelphia's high to team playoff record with its fifth straight road win.
And they were in the driver's seat up three games to one coming home.
How do you like that?
There's that obnoxious, anxious Bobby Clark.
Boy, do I hate him?
Oh, Bobby, you're just, you know, not just teeth out again.
Kick it, kick it, old style.
Lisa's is, I'm one of your long time female listeners.
What you're one of our, uh, about 30 men.
We have no women listening.
When I'm not in the car, I stream the show on the net of work.
Well, thank God for you, Lisa.
I'd like to add the button, the scout to the list.
I thought we had that on it, the button, so that you forget that again.
There we have it.
You, boy, you are really not on top of it today.
Josh is a little off his speed.
Plus he's P.O. didn't get like any more states from Kansas City's takeouts.
Yeah.
So I'd like to add the button, stop the list.
Also, let's you know, Deli then is still open.
It's only moved to no location on steering road between 441i and 95.
Better take that off of there because you already said you're right.
Just because of place moved or is different ownership.
We can't put it on there.
You know, someone who's saying, right.
So we got to take the Deli then off of there, which I guess gets fat,
Eric off his fat ass and gets him a little involved.
What he comes, they always tell about, oh no.
He's gonna fall in my dog.
Oh my god.
Personnel.
Oh, we'll watch it.
I'm gonna get Jesus' sympathy.
Who's ready to fight 60?
You way here.
Here and over one, baby.
Well, at least for another couple minutes, anyway.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
Oh, you're gonna get me a little bit more.
This distance is what you find.
When you put the dead as well.
I put the footprints of what's the occupation.
I like the fight with the fat, the fiddest of the things.
I can say, I'm never sorry, but the survey value they tell the truth.
The only thing that's truly going to get you is the secret.
The secret that you can put your head away.
You may feel childy, but I send you them off to die.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
I'm gonna get you a little bit more.
1133-27.
When they did 5 sister WQ-AMatter多
they was two castes
from Elmand 2.
They had to get their knack together.
It started in a tint a little bit grim by
Minister, Charlie Grym.
A bit scar than chair and grill.
the Cubs and then he was a broadcaster and so was Lou Boudreau. Anyway, K-pop tree, somebody
says that's a good choice. Remember the K-pop tree? Nope. Oh, wow. He's used to be out there
in, I guess that's Davey. We're out there, yeah, sure it is. We out West and Gryffindre
Road. K-pop tree. Okay. Somebody says, place for steak, which I do believe we have on it
or at least I say that and we should have it on there. But you don't ever know today
because we got so many restaurants, so many out there that Josh is just overwhelmed.
It's all over there. Well, like I said, he's an idiot. How about Coney Island? What we
just talked about that the other day and we got that factory. Some guy who said that
wasn't it Arnie? Arnie, the chronic factory, said that his father-in-law was the owner
or whatever and he used to be really great but now they're out of business. Coney Island
on 163rd Street. Well, very good once upon a time. And then I got really filthy and it
was, oh man, and people stopped going there. Well then again. And Mike Gordon's seafood,
that was a great place. Do you realize how many spectacitor restaurants there used to be?
Better go on to around a couple of what is that all about? I mean, you can go to any city and
that's true. You know, after a number of years go by but stop Florida boy, it's tough. And the
better your food it seems, the less a chance that you're going to succeed in many cases.
Let's see. Liz says, I miss so much Howard Stern. Well, I'm sure a lot of people do
Liz but he's not a business. Not exactly. But the alley and crowgaybles, there you go, the alley.
That sounds very familiar to me. And of course, Liz sounds like she knows her way around the alley.
What was the alley? Let's put that on there but that sounds awfully familiar to me.
And what was the other restaurant speaking of two potato, one potato, and that stuff? The caves.
That was also a gay restaurant up in the Fort Lauderdale. The caves where the guys used to walk
around in the loincloths. I never had the pleasure of eating in there. Somehow the idea of
anybody walking around almost naked when your food is on the table. You know, anybody got to like,
huh? Anybody? Well, no, not really. Maybe Mark, what's his name? Is it grandson?
I can't I think his name fell out of it. Well, because it, because the joyster wanted us to
say felt, because it brings up sexual connotations. I said, and Kim that be filled.
He looks still kind of spelled, but anyway, like to have more for dinner and then maybe eat a meal or two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 10, 5, 6, 10, if you're rising and singing the right song. What's your favorite
South Florida business that no longer exists? We've got a list of your favorite 45,000 already on
there and it's building like crazy, man. It's growing like an enormous tumor. Tumors in trouble,
I hear by the way. Remember that in the movie? Oh, what was that movie? It's great, Santini. Tumors in
trouble. That's a good movie. Yep, not great. Wasn't Flyth Tanner, wasn't she the wife?
I forgot. It was that Robert DuVal. I'm a good friend. It was adequate. No, it was better than
adequate. It was a damn good one. I'm a higher compliment for me. Oh, yeah, you're such a hard
ass, right? In fact, I think probably the new Star Wars, the 80th, Sith, anniversary. It's probably
pretty good, but George Heter's a lot of crazy. So in other words, if he didn't, now actually,
it must be mediocre. Deputy QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. When I recommend the place that I
just closed down recently and I'm going to miss it a lot because I grew up going there a lot was
Don Carter's boating holding. Don Carter's bolling lane shut down? Yeah, man. They opened that
new place strike in a dolphin mall and that pretty much took all their business, all their juice.
Yeah, man, but Don Carter's, I mean, I grew up going there as a kid. So I grew up watching Don Carter
bolling on television that goes to show how little was on TV in those days. Yeah, so that's the great,
that's the great business, but on the list is I mean a lot of people probably haven't realized
that it closed down. Okay, thanks for the bad news. Now, we see, I'm not really sure that I trust
him on it, you know, the way he said that they're at the end. I'm not sure that we haven't been,
you know, better check that out, Don Carter's. Well, I know there's one in Tamaracks. Yeah,
there were. I mean, that one might have one. Yeah, I think this guy's full of crap. Besides,
what does that have to do with this term? No, it's it, that sounds like I'm gathering by what
you just said that it may be okay, just by the intonation force. Okay, is it okay? Okay. Oh, it's okay.
Not great. You know what my small plus numbers do. Yeah, or do you? Whatever you that, I'll take it. Okay.
I'm number intensive. I got my fetch. Always. He all loaded up with the paper paper. I got a
ring. I got Harry Reams over there since it's a deep girl week. Don't say Lubin Ream in the same
sentence. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, are they still there? Just Lubin Ream. How about Uncle Reams?
567056, let's just start putting a let's start peddling bootleg copies of Song of the South.
All right. It was wrong with Song of the South. There was nothing wrong with that with
beer, beer, and beer, rather. I'll enjoy sitting like the beer part. She's not always spelled
B-A-R-E. Think about it. Something with a tar baby. Oh, is that it? Oh, I got to play that.
Okay. Let's see what we got. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know something? Why am I doing this? You know something? I am. No, I'm sick. I'm a glutton for
punishment because all this does now. It's making me just dying for food. I'm in a jar of an
egg. I'm dying for dining. Boy, this is bad. Taco Viva. Yeah, I could go for something like that.
Mmm. Would that not always every time I mention the time? I do like Taco Bell a lot.
It's Taco Bell's pretty good. But Taco Viva, they had that melted cheese that they squirted
on everything. In fact, I've been over it. It squirts on my neck. Yeah. But boy, Taco Viva was good.
It was one on sunset down in Kindle. When I lived down in that neck of the woods for several years.
Taco Viva. You know, I'm talking about the melted, over the squirt that cheese on your burritos and
on your tacos and just a little squirt here and a little squirt there. In fact, it was in the same,
I believe, but it was right in that same vicinity where the original Godfathers was. How's my friend
Javier from Godfathers? Boy, I'd like to invite him over along with Mark Del Scrancone for a little party.
Also, the ground round and Godfather speaks well, no, Godfather. No, it's not. That's wrong. It says
gas station locations. Don't count. Sorry. No, that would be like if Baskin Robbins only was like,
for example, here, they have, well, you have it there too. There are a lot of these places where it's
combo now where it's like a Baskin Robbins and a taco bell together. Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? There are a lot of those kind of places. Now it cuts down on a rent.
There's like a Dunkin Donuts stuff. Like a substance. Yeah. And here they got like Tim Hortons and ice cream
joint like side by eat or whatever. Anyway, the ground round is a good choice. The ground round was
very, very good. What was that great try? I've been, it's not there anymore either. The great Chinese
restaurant that used to be on Ludlow, Maraud and Dixie, right? Firewood WS News used to be. It was one of those,
oh man, it was a good place. I'm sure it's not there. Maybe it is. PSI can't believe former
UM quarterback Frank Costa didn't even get mentioned in the South Florida bigger stifple. Forget he
would win it. Frank Costa. What about, all his other quarterback, it was 85 years old, although he
played pretty good for them and then he was a stiff and approach because he was at 90. Who was the
Chinese quarterback, the old guy? Oh, that's, you know, I'm thinking of, it's about 75 years old.
What do you think of it? Yeah, that's it. The guy who looked 75 years old. He looked like an old guy.
He really did. I forget what his name was. He was one of a long line. And then of course,
who was the kid with a bad complexion? Really, the Chinese quarterback. There was a total stiff and
pros. Gino Thoretta? No, no, Gino Thoretta was the old guy. That's for a see, you're like one step
behind. Well, Gino Thoretta blew the pros. I don't know, you know, who the thing is. Yes, you do
he played for Tampa Bay to kid with a bad with a bad look like Wayne Heizing, only a younger version
with real bad complexion. And he was also, we had a call one time from some chick who said he was
lousy and a sack too. Remember that George? Yes. Yeah. That only have a bad complexion,
but he was a lousy lay. Anyway, 19 to learn. So what do you got starts and that stuff along,
whenever you feel like that. So what do you tell me? Initial signs are good. Right.
Correct. What you said, the initial, uh, no, was the election looks good and we looked good.
Duff walked in there and you said, you're fair. And then he smiled and walked out and kind of like
uh, padded some padded josh on any back or somewhere near. He was.
The rim on your back.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Lookin' 47, 13 to noon. We got guilty from Moa too. The mad doggy at four. And then we got
to these numbers here. What I'm going to do is just going to start with the top and read numbers.
I'm not going to give you any radio stations or any personalities or anything else. I'm just
going to read numbers and that'll kill us today. What is it? 12 now, 12 in counting tomorrow,
be 11, counting down until that whole summer deal. I never done that before but I think it's kind of,
you know, kind of fun. It's kind of like rubbing it in to certain people there.
11 more days you won't hardly see me no more. I'll take that right now. Won't see me no more.
A little bit Tuesdays and Thursdays in the summer time. Rubber? Right. Right.
Just to keep you on the straight neural path. All of the good news for you is that I will,
most of the days I'll stick to stories on here to take that all the right quarters.
What? That makes me all believe you. Even though I'm not working I'll do that because I'm a
rather guy. Oh, so guilty taking those checks. What? Doing those stories? It's a job and of course
it's unfortunately not appreciated that much because not nearly enough people read those stories.
We got, let me say it again at Blancheck you got on to be the curtain today. We don't know
her name and believe you. A lot of you guys would like to find it out. Part two tomorrow. She takes
her panties off. She wants? She takes her panties off? Yes. Tomorrow. Oh no. Don't tell me
the voice about that. And don't tell Condoleezza that because if she sees something and they could
check on her she'll get really emotional. I'm sure she might want to get involved. Five six seven
oh five oh we were supposed to play that Condoleezza thing. Not the original one.
Maybe the last day wouldn't it be great. That's something to look forward to. Of course you guys
would dump it. Of course you've only got that like eight minute dump. By that time. By that time
if I promoted heavily far in advance they'll like dump the whole show that day. Oh Neil Zadani just
retired. You can want to hear this. What a pile of crap that is. You know that's America for
today. Sancerships. So it looks like we got a nice goose in 12 plus here. Didn't we? Yeah we got
goose. Afternoon got a little bit of a let's see. I don't know. Nice got a little bit of a goose
course. Nice couldn't be any worse but that's because we got no sports for enough. We don't have
the panthers and that huge panther audience we got. Now what about afternoons? Did I check that out?
Mornings and afternoons 12 plus. Of course that's not our demo. You do understand that.
That's always a good alibi. Yeah afternoons went up a little bit. About four tenths 12 plus so it
looks like well we'll see. Now you probably saw the rest of the stuff. I did not even better
read into the facts machine without looking. Well let's see. Did the audience care about who's
number one 12 plus which is overall. That's a whole audience from our little one. It's around
a hundred years old. For the whole week it's hot 105 with a six point. Oh yes with
hand in the winter books six points. Oh they're consistent. Isn't that the fly jock the hardest
working jock in the show business. Yes. Then current Thomas. Tom Jordan.
L.Y.F is number two. There's no chains there. This is all pretty flat. Wacky a cardio
mombi. Not so many old Julios with the green teeth cut that I was this time thank God.
Let's hope they're all out of time or maybe a bunch of them died.
CNQ FM. See I don't understand where all the old Jews are. They used to listen to me on KAC.
Oh they're all dead. MXJ magic three nine to four five. Uh-huh Bob Hamilton must have
changed the playlist or maybe Ricky Tiki like Stolars with hair piece. Stuck it under his cap.
XDJ for what's that what is that. I see another one of those Julio stations. I just
write those are this is overall for the week. Now let's see let's take a look and see this is 12
plus so that didn't really mean I like much but I'm gonna really drag this off today. Oh I have
a job right there. Even though it's just a trend I don't care because I know everybody in a
business is concerned about this whether they still have a job or not for the four companies
and all these stations. Wait till you find out about the who came in dead last. Oh man. Norm I'm sorry.
Norm a can who fancies himself a broadcaster. He's a broad chaser but he thinks he's a broadcaster.
His station at least the last time I checked on this thing came in dead last dead last time for 34
out of a 30 yeah there it is. They're tied with Mr. and isn't it appropriate tied with Mr.
Ego station WNMA you know what that stands for no more audience. 0.3 that's a 0.0 a 0.3
12 plus that's the whole audience. Hey guess what Norm you really lifted them up
by their bootstraps not. Now what am I looking for? I give up. Well 12 plus doesn't really
tell us anything but it's a kiss 3-1 out of a two-aid that's good they came back down to earth
they're not giving all the they're not like flying over with the drop in leaflets that fly over
thing they do but they drop the diaries in the trailer park. What are you romance? This looks
like a little bit less of a Julio month. Thank God for that. Maybe your people like took off for Tijuana
somewhere. Maybe they'll want to visit Ilyon bring him a unhappy meal or maybe they just wanted to
check him out. The Abolas are busy. W.I.O.D. Now see the interesting part about this is Muff comes
in this morning and he's going out about waxy this and waxy that see I know this comes
as a very grave surprise to Greg and Dove and Clarence waxy is not our competitor on the show.
Oh see it's the competitor for the rest of the station you know but our competitors are W.I.O.D
and W.I.N.Z because they're the talk stations not the sports station the sports
station which we on this you know that's not our bealy wick. Do you want to see um person what
34 now now okay I mean what are we going to do in there 18 to 34 that's a bunch of young punks
what young punks want to listen to the show about businesses they went out of business 30 years
ago they don't want to hear this this is old far it's what I said how you do it hey I got news
for you man this show today is simulating bird eyes now bird eyes isn't gone it's just called
something else now it's called macy's and it's very lazy yeah get out of here it's it says
p.s. I like to end down it wasn't great but it was pretty good no it was not pretty good I ate
there a couple of times and it was bad it was really oh man in fact that cow out there in front
would have been an improvement or whatever they were serving and they also had a butcher shop in
there too let's see two North Miami Beach pizza joints big arose and my oh yeah my pie although
they got an I at the end there's no e is m y p i my pie okay isn't like Greek you know about
that Greek our story big arose and my pie my pie was the deep dish as long as you're on that
what was the other deep dish when we talked about oh geez you know I'm talking about not on
burritos like it now somebody will know to give them you know if we name everything then what
the other thing are calling now what is this male men here we go man that's what I'm looking for
men you know and you know you both of you guys always pooping this crap about people at face
slots it's a bunch of old people and muddy colony I got news for you man if you saw the crowd
that is out there right now yeah right there's a lot of us old parts like me but there are some
of the most I mean lots lots tons of beautiful young people of all variety shapes and sizes
believe you me my tongue was out of my shoelaces last night I don't even have any laces
I saw so many astonishing looking living and breathing people just amazing something for everyone
for every taste anyway I know taste this so here's the deal we got the men 18 plus overall for
the whole week it's hot little five five four to add up to a five three well the number went down
but their position went up to number one swapping spots with radio mom b which went from a five seven
out of a five one and still out numbers very inaccurate and most of their audience is over the
age of a hundred so many team plus means also men 90 plus right because 18 plus that's 18 to death
CMQ FAM they went on a little bit five four to a five one which like I said the whole day I was
didn't own his diary like they usually do thank god maybe we got a shot big four six to a five
oh and men they went up how could they go up they didn't have a giant book must be my good
friends Ron and Paul god thank god I knew some of their material from time to time ws dj four
or two or four six and men this is the whole week so I'll get all been out of shape magic magic
headed a trend here q a m three three to a four one all right that's what we care about now we're
starting to get our finger on it a little bit right right that looks pretty promising now let's
start looking at these gay day parts boy boy I have to see the amount of money paper that's on my
fax machine here what happened to the morning you didn't send me the morning thing
said everything that they gave me well how come we don't have the morning numbers for men
I have ten to three I have three to seven really I sent them an order well I got news for
mr hot shot oh here it is right here oh you know where it was on the bottom no right in front
of my face oh okay well well you know there's a lot of stuff to be handled here as you can see
I got my own little operation going just like I got my own little engineering department going
here all of these things which I still say I would challenge some of my colleagues on this radio
station some of my colleague you know or anybody in this business I'd like to see them sitting
in a studio all by their loads and handling the technical doing this stuff you know not that I want
to pat myself on the back as I'll get like uh break my arm now what am I doing here I'm looking
for mornings okay let's take a look at the hopper and see how the hopper did track yourself
and boys and girls that was w x dj look at the number they went up there zooming to the top six
nine they were number one in the book but now seven five they went up by half a point plus
hot is number two and they went way up hot 105 what are they doing now playing some more of that
dark music big five five to a six nine that's in the morning probably that Paul and old rung
and are zooming up there thanks to all the publicity I'm giving them but audio mom b went five five
six six uh what is this many team plus mxj is that another Julio station yes three five to
a four tours that know that's magic that's magic magic went through the room oh hey scone
Ricky tiki our good close personal buddy what time is he on is he due the morning show over
there now still or what I don't know come on are you what do you mean you don't know you never listen
to magic you don't know if you can do it on the morning magic what's wrong with these are good
buddy cmq a state flat three seven what am I looking for we're not gonna hang style on the first page
oh uh let's see love 94 30 and in Hank is uh from 11 to 10 he moved up a little all of his
number one from a three two to a two nine is that last thing matter no that was fun iodino
went from a three one to a two nine so they're tied for 10th in men 18 plus I report that with some
concern and dismay but nevertheless he'll be all right or not okay let's see what we got midday
10 to three uh many team plus oh and that's right the first page is missing here
oh my god look at that oh that's i don't have i didn't see anything so i think i said then they
took it right back out of here so you don't read it i don't know it well i don't got it well
what a hell with me not sending us the pay the first page to find out how we're doing is that like
a little shot or something oh here it is uh oh look at that look at that like i said oh my god
don't we want to thank everybody in your audience for uh wiring these diaries i mean for like
uh coming through for a few more than number one
holy moly well i'm gonna do the break it's only a short break and when we come back we can like
pat ourselves on the back and do all kinds of sexual stuff
alien our rrrr rust laden and i like scrubbing my smelter in a house with soap made from jules
and listening to the new roe hey i'm gonna use the hour
take i am
well i never thought i'd find because of the ride that i've been through the round these two days
now as the gas is said we'll switch up the way a brother would die
d
The big deal someday I'll get around and beat into the grave
I'm not 79, my own phone Catalina
Showed a goodbye now, his smart baby devil act
God, baby
Oh, could not for not a judge, he carried a beat
He could stop a beat
Shining in, building a little space in the ship
Just!
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm a little bit more like a little girl
I'm just looking and looking and looking at the Graphical
Then, look at the gas buns
�ing
Dammit.
Hehe, she's not smiling
Oh baby, first authority of the university.
The university of the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
I'm going to go to the university.
it's so nice.
It's so nice.
It's so nice.
It's so nice.
It's so nice.
It's not the physical business 101.
It's not the physical business 101.
It's not the physical business 101.
It's not the physical business 101.
It's not the physical business 101.
It's not the physical business 101.
Jerry's driving restaurant on sunrise Boulevard.
Oh, porkeys on federal highway.
How could we forget old porkeys, huh?
Oh, the highway driving, the federal driving,
Thunderbird driving.
Just give Jarsis listening to the light everyone's he wants on here.
We're not.
Campaign days Geneva, the candy store, the button we got there.
That's the one with who we got.
Lake Club.
Woody's with Woody Woodbury.
Oh, I remember those days, boy, when I was still open when I first did.
I was on Fort Lauderdale Beach.
Woody Woodbury.
He was about as funny as Tuppy Boots.
The world on Miami Beach, also the Beach Comer.
And the T-house of the Tokyo Moon.
Speaking of Chinese, there used to be a huge Chinese restaurant on the corner of US one.
And what is it?
Stay road 84.
Just south of the corner there.
Right now, just north of the Copa, where Jarsis brother hangs out.
You know the place I'm talking about?
I do not.
You never saw that?
I'm sure I saw that.
I don't know the name of it.
Oh, that was a good place.
Big old Chinese joint.
That was a huge place.
Now Bob and Fort Lauderdale, who's just totally out of control, says how about the old
Lindsey Lumberstores?
Are they all out of business?
Because the one by where I'm not absolutely wrong.
The Sterling Road, been out of business for a long time.
In fact, they stayed open like a year or two after they were gone out of business.
And they didn't even have any nails or hammers in there anymore.
It was pretty grim.
Lindsey Lumberstores.
Do I?
Hey, we ever get a confirmation on the Armadillo Cafe?
Nope.
Oh.
Now, I never give these numbers.
Did I?
I'm getting side-tracked out.
That's stupid as pull.
We're doing, which is fine.
But we got important numbers to pass along.
And then we got thousands of your calls.
And we're good to every one of them.
We're not.
Probably not.
We'll get to some.
Midday's, man.
18 plus.
This is shocking.
As the audience once again comes through for us.
Which we need them desperately because we're up against it.
You know when they come right down to it?
We're number one.
Damage.
We got them coming at us from all sides.
Now, we got to scare America.
We're starting to move a little bit.
We got to vaccine.
We got to IOD with Russian.
Pulled up and BS from the right wing.
We got a lot of stuff going on now against those.
And yet in spite of that, we went from a 4-7 in a winner book,
which was only good enough for a fifth.
Of course, this isn't been 18 plus.
25 54.
Can you imagine the number we got in there?
Because that's always higher than the 18 plus.
Because this includes people over the age.
And like, at IOD is number two.
We have a 6.6 number one, which is a shocking number,
considering all things unequal.
And also includes that horrendous march.
Mr. I want you to stop and think about it right now.
That march was really weak for the whole station.
We just got screwed.
All the talk stations of every variety got screwed in March in the market.
We'd be like up there and like triple digits of that.
And maybe we had like 120 shares.
At IOD is number 265.
It sounded a little bit from number one in the winner book.
And also down from number one to number two,
since we kicked their ass.
And keep in mind the two things.
Number one, that's 10 to three.
And number two, that includes people over the age of 100.
It's all old green toothed cubanos, radio-mombi.
Nobody on the ages 70 listens to that station.
Am I correct? Yes.
Right.
CMQFM, 6.0.
Oh, what's that all about?
They went from number 266 down to with 6.0.
See, I told you, this wasn't nearly as heavily.
No speaking English as some of the other months we get.
Thank God.
Oh, thank God we fought about tanglos.
Ten people were speaking English.
Radio IOD went from a 5.0 to a 5.1.
They're about flat.
They're still in there.
They're doing their thing.
People are hypocritical.
Pill-popping red wing wires on the radio.
Who are we?
We're here during Kagan on CNN.
A magic, look at this 3.7 to a 4.9.
Medday.
And magic is doing it.
Now, I don't want to like, yes, I do.
Well, let me just give you a couple of other numbers.
I just go on Paul and Ron in the morning there.
Okay, we think you guys suck.
We had a big book or trend, whatever.
See, one thing about us, we don't make these up.
You know?
Well, we say, hey, are we salute you?
Even though we think you suck.
No, we're sorry.
We're sorry.
We're sorry.
We might have to make them up.
I and Z, that's scary America, you know.
From a 1.9 to a 2.3.
They went from 21st to 18th.
They're starting to make a little bit of a movement.
You know, can you smell it?
Is that what you're talking about?
I see.
Went from a 1.3 to a 1.8.
Midday.
They went from 24th to 22th.
1.4 to a 1.8.
And that's because it's the only sports thing going on in midday.
So what would you rather have the 6.6?
Or would you rather have the 1.8?
I'll take the 6.6, thank you.
Now, in the afternoon, let's take a look at how the, uh,
Moldmeister and a mad dog were doing, 3 to 7.
Big number 1 from a 5.1 to a 5.2.
They're still number 1.
Magic is number 2.
Magic.
What is that?
I don't know.
What is going on with them?
I bet your Rick is not even paying attention to playlists.
He's probably friends with the Seekins of Good Stuff
and maybe Hamilton's, uh, they got him locked in a room somewhere.
Keep it winning by default.
Oh.
QAM, 3.7, that was number 9 in the book to a 4.8 all the way up to number 3.
And I guarantee you by the time the spring book comes out,
it'll be number 1.
We'll be screaming in the afternoon.
We're number 1.
And in the midday.
We're number 1.
And in the morning.
4.
Hey.
You'll watch.
Hopper will come back.
Here'll be all right.
I've seen these things happen with him before and then before you know it.
And of course, if we can get Ira and, uh,
speak in the tying up Bob Hamilton in a broom closet.
If we can get Ira and Mark Baradino or what did Mike Baradino?
And put the two of them in the same broom closet.
Hank's numbers will go zooming back up again.
You'll see.
I don't want to interfere.
I don't want to give my opinion, but that is my opinion.
I said it before I'll say it again.
I think that's really very unfortunate because I want to hear the hump, you know.
I know you're not saying a word because you're a voice.
Because my mouth's full.
Oh, so when did I never stop you before?
That's just an excuse.
Now you're not kidding me.
Carolyn, one of our regular factors, who's still out of, she's not happy with me,
but she's not unhappy enough because of Leo thing to go away, thank goodness.
We love you, Carolyn, and spitefully, when your bad taste in men.
Specs is still on U.S.1 near U.M., so let's take specs off it.
I can't believe that.
How about adding the serpentarium spelled the, uh,
uh, no, uh, huh?
Absolutely.
Thanks, Carolyn.
Serpentarium and spesas still in the eye.
I can't believe that.
That is shocking.
So did I give you the afternoon's, uh,
4-8, IOD had a 4-0 from a 3-4 up to a 4-0, but, uh,
Moe and Mad Dog, the Eminem boys, they kicked ass.
Now what about, uh, uh, INZ and Waxi?
There was a Waxi from a 2-1 to a 2-4, and the afternoon up a little bit, uh,
not much, and INZ 1-8 to a 2-1 again, up just fractionally.
Now here's the, here's the big thing.
I want to apologize to your close friend, Norma Kent,
because I said that he wasn't making an impact over there at, uh,
FT-O and the F-1, and 4-6.
They went in the book from 30th and 0.4, that's 0.4,
to tie for 28th and 0.5.
So he's starting to make a little, he's a little tiny,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line.
So I have to go down the line and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down the line
and then he's going to have to go down the line,
and then he's going to have to go down
Randy Schoes, boy!
Break!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Break! Oh, right!
Break! Oh, right!
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You didn't get a whore, huh?
But now, he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't kiss enough with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants to be the same, got blessed American face teesin' a G-string up here.
I'll do it.
You got the soul!
It's never going to go.
That is the right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Jim said things do it.
Dable down and all block ghosts are still there.
From I.T. and so, a mad dog is kicking some serious ass and maybe even...
The door is open.
The door is sticking a little lumber in there too.
What do you think?
He won't be on to there.
Then we got guilty.
Oh, which just goes to show nothing is perfect, you know?
Well, absence makes the heart grow fond of, isn't it?
The way it goes.
Something like that?
Something like that.
Oh.
So, I just received the usual insipid email from Norma Kent.
By the way, nice going to Norma.
Point five there, man.
You are really strong.
As your buddy, Difo would say, really strong.
What's your favorite self-load of business that no longer exists, we ask today?
And we've got a Zidian, different choices on here.
And once I start taking calls a minute, I'll have a Zidian more.
You'll see.
Three.
So, I read them all and that will take till four or five years.
Six flat bags in Lannis 56, Pirates World 46, High Alia 41.
What a beautiful place that used to be, Mr. Brunetti.
Oh.
Playboy Club 39, Burton Jacks 37, Wolfy 32, Sambo 25, The Button South 21, and Greg Ozening.
Jordan Marsh 19, The Studio 18.
She radio 14.
Now, how do you like that?
We just put that on her and it's zooming up.
I knew it.
I don't see K-102 yet.
I'll just say the name of her votes.
Maneroze 11, Dolls 10.
I like to cheese.
I like to cheese on your check.
The cheese on the table.
The cheese.
I like to cheese in the Coke was good too.
Anyways, 10, Gold Triangle 10, Spring Break 9, Hollywood Sportatorium 8,
all of which is sports out of the Trem, that's not right but it's close.
What is a Josh Noe as before his time?
This game, Camel Club 8, the famous 8, and 8, and 8.
Jefferson's and juniors and New York State Housey Tefsix,
four for the Black Anus, the Sweden House, Beef State Charlie's, Castle Park,
Niva's Roast Beef, Piccolo's, Villadelli.
I've attended the Jamalton, tried to pick up the, tried to take me home,
when I had dinner with the Piccolo's and anyway, Villadelli said no thanks to him,
you're ugly.
Anyway, I think he's dead.
Taco, it says, Toko Viva.
Toko, you bring your own Toko Viva.
Toko Viva 3, Art Stocks Play Pen 3, the Marlon B Cho, Tell 3,
I bet you, I bet you, Norma Kentmins is that.
Hey Norma.
You fairy.
Tina's spaghetti house 3, the Spice Dampel 3, Prince Hamlet 3,
the toast 3, Tobi and the toast.
The cave's 2, Coney Island 2, Coney Island's on there again with 2 more.
It's on there twice it was so good.
Confetti 2, the Ranch House 2, Bodega State House 2, Rooties 2, only 2 for Rooties.
Man, what color should taste?
The place for steak 2, Tirpug 2, one for Lindsay Lumberha, one for Peaches,
one for my pie, one for the K-Poc.
It says, Capitri K-Poc K-A-P-O-K, am I not enunciating well?
Can you not understand me?
What language am I spicking?
A K-Poc tree, not K-Poc tree, and it's still got a vote.
K-Poc, a Poc's on you.
Twice a nice dream one, Ardonuts one, Ilthulopono one, Monsign one,
Marshall Major's only one, Jackson Virons one, Rocky Rotsiani's got one,
and none the big O-O for Serpentarium Porkies figure rose the alley K-Poc tree.
Oh, it's on there twice, and it's still got it spelled wrong both times.
What's with you?
The alley, Duda's K-102, Dan Dows, J-Mfield, Jimmy Januaries, one potato, two potato,
G-G's, the love, the umbrella, Holenthes, with the spelled wrong,
J-N's, the poop deck, Hung-Iri and Charada, and white mountain ice cream all have the big,
518 votes.
How is that possible?
What a bunch of, well how is that at all possible?
I'm thinking of myself, you know, 2554 men, we had in that month,
we had more than a double digit a month, quite 110.
Better than 10 share, aren't you impressed?
It's impressive.
I think somebody ought to be kissing my fat ass right now,
who, in fact, there's Mark Filt on there right now in TVF,
this grandson would like to kiss my ass or any other, maybe just on the cheek.
Left cheek.
Right.
Five, six, seven, old, five, 60, okay, let's get on to your horn here and get a bunch of these on,
because these people are probably starting to give, who cares about those stupid numbers?
It's just a trend, it's just one month, you'll make that stupid ass bonus again,
you'll blow it all out, would buy, whatever.
You know, and they're right, so let's get to it.
WDQIM, hello.
Yes, I'm going to be all right.
How are you?
I wasn't sure if you had this one on your pole there, how about the minerals and howl and dail?
Yes, we do as a matter of fact.
Oh man, I love that place.
We love those big, Hank and I talked about this one a day,
I got to work, the Gorgonzola salad man with the Gorgon,
and just the atmosphere, well the pictures and the horses and everything.
It was a beautiful play, and I forgot about that, that's right, they were horse people.
Yep, they sure were, okay, well you're the best.
Thank you so much, I love you, bye-bye.
Okay, first I wonder where that meet came from.
Now I'm just a joke now, that's just a joke, it was a fine place,
we had great stakes and great big challenge.
I'm actually your friend, what's his name, we liked it.
Marc Sello, the shallow, Marc Sello, the shallow guy, I am Marc Sello,
I don't know how to say that, I'm out of my, go away Marc Sello.
Remember that day that I mentioned him on the ear and he called and he said,
oh he hadn't been listening to that.
Oh you're so full of crap Marc Sello.
I have no life.
WDQIM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
One you missed, I think, Tobler's Cheezery.
I don't know, he's not a lot of it now and didn't yet.
Is it Tobler or Tobler?
I think it was Tobler's, over by the airport.
I'll be over there for it.
Over the airport.
Over the airport.
Oh for a lot of it, who wants to go over there?
Don't you remember that, that was great.
Tobler's?
Tobler's Cheezery.
No, you remember the end of the Swiss restaurant that was just south of there,
there was like on federal highway.
That's what I'm thinking of.
Even though I'm talking about Tobler's.
I thought it was Tobler's Swiss Cheezery.
Well I'm losing it then.
I'm losing it.
I think you better get some help.
We need a confirmation.
Okay.
Yeah, somebody give us a confirmation, okay, and a confirmation number.
Did we ever find out about Armandillo Cafe?
I mean that's not really that difficult I would think, okay,
because it's right there in the pizza law of Plaza.
And of course if Jeff Cohen was still friendly with us,
he would have called in and said, oh yeah, they're still right over there,
Kitty Corner or whatever they moved somewhere.
We didn't have the information, but we don't anymore,
because a lot of people hate us like poison now.
Thanks to the Skippy and Berkeley.
Come to the QAN, hello.
Yes, this is George.
I own the Neva Rose.
Bitty's been talking about.
You own Neva Rose Beef?
I own it, yes sir.
You used to own it.
Yeah, that's from both of us, right?
Yes sir.
I'll be there.
When did you go out of business?
I didn't go out of business.
I sold the company service there for 20 years.
Yeah, I was there.
It was like a landmark when you made the tour near around the Sunrise in Federal Highway.
It was like a landmark right there.
It was.
I mean, well I was there with the kid, it was 27 years old.
And when I got involved there,
Neva overbusted with a Persian company.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm here, I'm listening.
Yeah, and when I started to start working,
I'd put a badge eyes from Neva at the time.
Right.
1966.
Anyway, good night.
Good night, man.
And right there, many of the time it was really great stuff.
You know, I still get people call me and ask me when I'm not going to open again on our,
even, no matter where I go, people who've been here for like 20 years, you're never met.
Now that was the use to have like the Rose Beef on Kimmelwick like in Buffalo, right?
That's correct.
This is what it was called.
We couldn't do a Kimmelwick because that had so much and so the mess where we were around here.
Now that's a problem with all the bread products in Florida because the water and the salt and the this
and that's why most of the pizza sucks too.
Well, listen, thanks a lot, Pali, and thanks for the memories.
You're welcome.
Okay.
I like that there's the guy that used to own Neva's Rose Beef.
How about that one?
Now they're citing?
It is exciting.
It was good stuff.
They also had this great sub chain in Buffalo too.
I can't think of anything.
I'm always thinking about this because they had the best sub sandwiches.
I think I've ever had in my life.
Oh God, it was good.
Maybe Woody Graber will call him, but I sure hope not.
27 past noon at 5.60 W.Q.M.A. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Caliendo.
He's everybody's main man and you'll find him at acceptance capital mortgage.
He wants to remind you that before you call any other mortgage company, let him tell you what you didn't know.
And that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products.
Not much of a choice, eh?
And if your credit's less than absolutely perfect, you're going to get turned down.
You're going to hear the old end.
Oh, oh.
If you're not working with the right lender, chances of getting approved are maybe 50-50 probably in most of your cases,
way less than that.
So do yourself a big favor call right now.
1-88483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone.
And let the main man and his team put you in a mortgage that meets your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender.
Maybe you've been turned down because you call the wrong number.
Call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage toll free at 1-888-483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone.
And don't forget every time they close a loan, a portion is donated to kids in distress.
So why would you want to call anybody else a boy, the old maintenance switch?
Call the main man, Anthony Kelley, into a two-day toll free.
It's 1-888-483-Lone.
What it comes to be treated is we've got to see a person out there,
and we'll be able to watch it on the P.C. Senate too.
Sports radio five succeed.
P.W.A.M.
No, that's familiar.
P.C.R.I.A. Uno.
Just stick it on your finger.
New York.
Tonight on Fox.
South American Idol.
Yes, Star George Bush.
Sing the hoon.
We move side up for this.
Talking about my gift, gift, generation.
Talking about my gift, my gift, my gift, my gift, generation.
Before we grow old, talking about my gift, gift, gift, my gift, my gift, generation.
My gift, my gift, my gift, generation.
We don't let pool again.
It's pooling and kicking pool again.
What do you think of me?
It's just hysterical, dude.
Don't sing ever anymore.
Don't sing.
Right five.
Thanks.
Very nice party here.
I've heard of the Wardrobe.
A lot of tea is there, this is because you've just been saying,
you've told the told you.
I have never ordered poetry.
The American Idol.
And I, on Fox.
It's 12.33, we got the Gully from Oatill Clock.
I just keep mentioning that just to give you the advance warning.
Don't say we didn't warn you, okay?
Because if you want to hear that for two hours, stick with us.
So what do you think about Ira and Mike Burdeno?
Josh.
Just a joke, okay, you don't have to respond.
I don't want to put you or your feet on the fire.
I know you both of you are a bunch of real, real whooses.
Huh?
Well, you, I mean, you don't listen anyway because it's a sports thing.
So you've got that automatic out.
But you obviously do have an opinion.
We just won't express it.
That's all.
It just makes sense.
Like on this show, if we farmed out, if we had, let's say,
I think of somebody really a ponderous and one-dimensional and boring.
Like Norma Kent.
If we had a segment with Norma on the phone every day for an hour,
like two, three times a week, how many people do you think we're listening to that?
About 30, man.
What are his ratings?
About 30.
I think you're getting carried away now.
Yeah, but you're 30 people right now.
Yeah, I just bought it.
One thing about Norma though is a broadcast release.
She's consistent.
You know, the same, that same giant number that she had at FTL back in its old incarnation.
Now that's another FTL, it's the same number.
Maybe it's the call that is that it tracked those 20 or 30 people.
5.67.
My big print?
Huh?
5.670560.
Well, I got my pile here.
I feel bad.
I'm going to have to save all this for tomorrow.
It'll be old news by then.
I've got to do that.
No, I want to take these calls.
I want to get four million names on this list.
This is fun.
I don't care about you punks out there.
About you 16-year-old punks that don't know.
Well, what was Rudy's okay?
I got news for you.
Rudy Kazoodi.
How do you like that?
Remember Rudy Kazoodi?
No.
But Bokobranda has just asked him next time to see him.
He knows Rudy Kazoodi.
Because he's living in the past, Bokobranda.
He's in a time where, and let me just say, let me say this, speaking of living in the past.
You know that song?
Yeah.
Oh, that's not the one.
Is it the first one?
It's the first one.
See, he's living in the past.
Let's call it.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
That's her voice.
Yeah, you know that song?
You know what it is?
I ain't got a home by who?
I don't know who it is.
I don't know who it is.
Clarence Frogman Henry.
Who, by the way, happened to be a full brother too.
Are you sure?
Phil Henry.
About the science of the world.
Yeah, yeah, he's never said that.
Oh, that's a boy.
That's a big hit.
That's a big hit.
That's a big hit.
Did he have some cake, mate?
He actually likes it.
I don't know.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do!
Do-do-do.
Do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
It got to die!
Clarence Frogman Henry.
I've had all the toys.
I'm just playing with hinten!
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I've never done a regular one.
Don't possiamo calling it aways day, don'tOneHooCookMe
I've never done a regular one.
St Ahora I've never done a regular one.
St dodate it!
Moray, go.
Feak and ab multi.
We honor our Guruji Jayavi.
Hyun You A promise.
I said it on the year, but you might want to have a conversation with the Muffmeister
unless she's out to lunch.
I'm sure they're all out.
Are you sure they're all out to lunch?
They're all about celebrating my numbers.
Right.
Let me do the math on this again, because I'm sure I must have made a mistake.
2.9 times 3 is 8.7.
Is that correct?
8.7?
You know about me and math.
Well, 8.7 subtract from that 6.5, and what does that give you?
What would you wear?
2.2?
A 2.2?
Kind of.
Because I knew it was a 2.2, and now in April, it appears to me unless my math is wrong,
it again is a 2.2.
So with Ira and Mike dragging a hump or down there, at least Muffmeister is strong in the
morning so far, but we're consistent with a 2.2.
Wouldn't you love to see the hump or in a 2.2?
That would be kind of a matter of time.
Anyway, I'm not blaming him.
I'm blaming our program director, because they won't listen to anything I tell him.
You know, I know nothing.
That's why we're sitting here with like a 10 or 11 share in men in 2554, and why Hank
is drowning in a sea of sports nerds.
If I want to hear Ira on a phone, I'll call him at home.
In fact, that's what we'll do for now on.
You want to talk to Ira about the heat and about it, and call him at home, we'll give
his number out.
Wouldn't that be better?
Oh, yeah.
Looks better.
That's my opinion, but I know nothing.
Just keep that in mind.
I know absolutely nothing.
And that's been the case all the way through my radio career in South Florida, no matter
what it is.
The only person that would ever listen to me was Dick Casper, Rest in Peace.
He was a great guy.
He would listen to what you suggested.
We had some great successes over there, WS News, some gigantic numbers, and a lot of
good times.
But these other people, man, especially like a hard-ass like Disney, piece of crap over
there at Cox Broadcasting.
Well, corporate, I mean, talk about it.
One thing I will say, okay, and especially before Joyce came along, now she's made that
into a corporate, her and Bob Ramuth.
But it's not nearly the bureaucratic, corporate kind of structured thing that Cox Broadcasting
was.
Everything over there was, well, we had the department heads and you don't dare look
at the department head cross-eyed because while she's at a department head or chef Clark,
he's at a department head.
How dare you, you know, like that?
Like, who the hell were us peons on here that were making him all of that money?
How dare us talk to them because they had a title, you know?
And then of course with Paxton, I don't know.
Paxton, as you look back on it, was quite a big improvement over the later days of
Cox Broadcasting.
Am I right or wrong?
No, they had their points.
I mean, they had a bunch of drones.
And they were going to hit the whole thing out of the coke, huh?
What's wrong with that?
No, nothing, I'm just saying.
In other words, it wasn't.
It was far from perfect, but what else is perfect?
Dude, no, especially in this business, okay?
Especially in this market.
But they were structured in a more orderly way.
And then of course they had the traffic lady that was running around peddling her Jews
for Jesus' sub-mentality.
That was kind of fun.
You don't get that, it's just any radio station, right?
No, that's such a special.
Yeah.
And then we had the other traffic lady who was just talking about a hard ass.
Wow.
Nobody's going to fire her ass.
I'll tell you that right now.
Yeah.
That was your dream of the Dalekian Association.
The biggest personality in the world.
It's the real rush of the Big Jesus Institute.
Sports Video 560.
QAM.
Are you ready for some football, then, to them, to ESPN game?
And he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up.
Oh yeah.
ESPN game.
I'll hit back that guy around.
He's got a fire into his guy right here.
He'll let sweat.
You push, you push, you push, you smell.
Look at that.
He just rode in backwards.
He's going to ride on his back.
He's saying some makeover show on Bravo.
It's the NFL on ESPN game.
And then everyone's trying to swap him around down there and run and groan at him.
You know, you get a lot of stuff flying in the game.
That was one of the black tires.
ESPN game.
Where there is never a wardrobe mouth function.
I don't know where that one came from.
Sundays will never be the same.
That would be the last shot out of the Roman candle.
Call your cable operator now and demand the ESPN game.
We're going to have a big ol' hole.
What a beautiful look guys.
That look good.
ESPN game.
Now that's on mouthful.
You failed.
Top 45 at 560 and if anybody knows about a mouthful, it's John Madman.
He hasn't missed too many deals in his time.
I like John Madden a lot.
I mean, I don't know.
I guess it's not politically correct anymore to like John Madden.
Right Josh?
He's out of the room.
Oh, John, don't tell me Josh had another one of those lunchtime emergencies, did he?
I'm not sure.
Who was it?
Let me just left.
Maybe got sick and tired of hearing about all this old, funny, dirty stuff.
I was living in the past.
Almost all of the parts.
That could be it.
Not too bad, Josh.
Maybe just got tired of the pressure.
I was having him put eight million different things on the pole today.
It's a little bit too much like work for Josh Cortis.
He'll be back.
He's probably having a big VM.
Here's line nine.
Hello.
I have two for Neal's fault.
Yes sir.
Go right ahead.
This is he.
Yeah.
Pete Delaney's on Oakland with Danny Carrio used to do his dance fever.
Was that with it without Merb Griffin?
I forgot.
I think without.
Yeah.
Around table.
Remember that?
You get a 12-course meal for like eight bucks.
Around table was great.
That is absolutely correct sir.
Okay Neal.
Thanks a lot.
Around table.
You got it.
How can he get it if he didn't in the room?
He'd come back in.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, you got it.
So you can actually do it there on that side, huh?
Yes.
So why do you keep chewing him out every time he screws up and keeps misspelling and putting
the hot ass?
What do you put under the cockatree or something like that?
That was bad.
Cockat.
What did they want out of business?
WNQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I remember a couple places.
One was at pizza and bar on the corner on US 1-around 17th Street.
It was open and you always used to think cars were going to crash in the end.
Pizza and bar?
You know, it was like a pizza place.
It was open and you could sit outside right off the sidewalk.
Well, I don't ring any bills with me.
That was a long time ago.
And then Dirty Burnie.
I remember Freddy's anchor bar on the corner there of a federal government.
No, it wasn't Freddy's anchor bar.
I know that.
Dirty earnings.
But I think they changed the name.
Was it really Dirty earnings?
I don't know.
Might have been.
Okay.
They serve the good pork sandwiches and conch outer.
I know.
Oh, yeah.
I know where you're talking about that.
I don't know.
I could rooftop where you could look over and see all the cars on federal.
Now, what about tarks?
Are they still in business?
I don't know.
I live in West Palm now.
But, you know, got your car down.
You're moving in the right direction.
I'll tell you that.
I'd like to move further north than this.
Exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
Just keep on going.
But anyway, take care.
You, too.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Is tarks still around or tarks clam strips?
You know, I haven't seen tarks in a long time.
Yeah, because they were also right up on there and that little bit north of where she's talking
about.
And for a lot of them, of course, they were also a lot of other places as well.
Tarks is pretty good.
I like clam strips.
You know where they have the best clam strips?
I give up.
At Quincy Market in Washington.
They always do that.
And seafood and you like clam strips.
Yeah.
All right.
I like clam chowder.
What's wrong with a good clam, I am?
Huh, man?
Nothing that's what I've always said.
Beer to the other lands.
Yeah, yeah.
Just cut the crap.
I just don't like oysters.
I just don't like these.
Oh, I don't want to get into it.
It's right in the middle of lunch hour.
I'm a little bit undecided right now because we've had this food intensive show today.
It's probably just as well because I'm like kind of like torn all between.
In other words, if we talk about ice cream again all day, like we've done some days in the
past and I'm embarrassed for that, I know exactly what I'd be doing in four, but because
we've, you know, first it was that taco's a laid with a squirty cheese, you know, the melted
cheese.
Like a meal whipped up from here with that taco bell.
You can talk about it.
I'm bigger part.
Viva.
Or taco Viva.
Or your back.
Was it like a moving experience?
You can say that.
You can say that.
Give me back.
I'll tell you one thing.
This guy sure is regular.
The only problem is it's all this right in the middle of the show.
That's okay.
Wow.
I mean, well, of course, those 16 sandwiches this morning and then of course the pizza
from bread that kind of probably like to help move things along.
So I'm just picking.
Yeah.
567.0 if I had tacos o'lay was another one.
I'm a little bit confused.
Is the one I'm thinking of taco Viva with a squirty cheese or was it also taco's o'lay?
Well, I don't remember tacos o'lay.
Oh, yeah.
You better know your taco is Mr. because you sure don't.
Yeah, well, right.
Next thing, you know, you're going to be hanging out with a bridge tender right over the
edge of the bridge.
Wonder if he's still alive or not.
I heard he died.
Really?
Yeah.
I know somebody else who died.
I'm dying on the hand.
He shouldn't have said that that guy.
I mean, he's been dead a long time.
The guy the caller that said I'm dying on the hand.
He was waving a white hanky when he said it too.
I'm dying on the hand.
How many QIM?
Hello.
QIM?
Definitely not there.
How many QIM?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
First of all, there is a talk on federal highway right around D.E.N.
I think.
That's pretty good place.
That place is great.
He's very, very sick of me.
I had to go drop some stuff here at the bank.
That Ernie's is still there too.
That Ernie's is still there.
I don't ask the teller there.
She, I'll ever listen to Neil Rogers, and WQAM.
It's a guy.
I ask him, well, it sounds like a girl.
Ask him if they'd ever listen to this show.
Hey, I got to tell you a griveness story.
He's not going to ask him.
He's thinking of doing it.
Well, I mean, I'm at the driver when he comes back.
Griveness.
You know what that is?
That's five onions, right?
It's onion either in our home.
Five onions with chicken skin and the chicken fat, yes.
Well, I'm watching my wife's watching the food channel one day,
and they're talking about caramelized onions.
And I'm from listed in.
Caramelized onions, it's the same as griveness.
What they do is they burn them up real good with some oil.
Right.
They get sweet.
They're crunchy.
They're absolutely delicious, so.
I love onions.
I'm going to tell you this may sound ridiculous,
but I could eat the rest of my life if there was only one thing.
I could like mushrooms and onions.
Good.
I love them, especially if I say like that.
Oh, man.
Now I finally figured out what I'm going to have for lunch.
Yes, sir.
I got something for the poll.
Okay.
The water plates in Lannis, they closed.
Even in its place, they built a shopping center.
In the shopping center was something that Radio Shackdon was called.
Incredible Universe.
It was a fantastic place for computers, TV, stereo.
In their gone?
They were there long gone.
I think it's gone.
And the guy, I think he wanted to say, was Kevin MacDonald.
He opened up a place.
He's in a place now called the grapevine.
It's at Broward and University.
And he just does dinner there.
They do lunches and they have a gourmet shop during the day.
And at night, he changed it over.
It's called K.M. at the grapevine.
And he still does that scumbour lay.
Excellent.
And he's still around.
But that is the original location that you were talking about earlier.
They flattened it.
They're going to put up townhomes.
That could get us with the starting price of the townhomes.
It's going to be at least $100,000.
You're close.
$400,000.
Sure.
You can't get a pup pen for less than $400,000 anymore.
So we take a look.
Do you ever listen to Neil Rogers?
You ever listen to Neil Rogers?
I heard him.
Okay.
I was just going to follow them right now.
He wanted to check and see if you...
What did he say?
He's heard of me?
He's heard of you.
Good thing you're bad things.
Good things.
Did you hear that, Neil?
Yeah.
Give him a message for me.
You're fair.
I said, have a great day, pal.
Okay, see you, Neil.
He's heard of me.
We don't want you to hear of me.
We want you to put on your Sony Walkman right now.
I was on the show, you Bozo.
Guys working in the bank, probably making like three bucks an hour, you know?
See, people think that folks who work in bank, like bank vice president, you know?
They make like a 30 grand a year, right?
No, the tellers anyway, sure.
No, no, I'm talking about bank vice presidents.
Oh, it's pretty much the same.
But they represent our any-everybody.
But we do love all of our thinking and stuff.
We're all great.
Believe me, we love them.
We...
Like that.
Especially mine.
I'll tell you some stories.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pally?
Pretty good, Pally.
Listen, number one.
I'm on my second bottle of liquid soup.
Oh, the way you said it, I think something like a restrict.
Like a bomb.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hi, I'mной.
Hey, I'mной.
Oh, you're no no no no no.
You're no no no no.
Yeah, well, you're gonna smell like the assault of the earth pretty soon, if you keep doing that old spice deal.
Yeah, and also two other places for your poll.
Greg Ners was a good place.
Greg Ners was excellent.
Greg Ners was a good place.
Hey, the studio.
Yeah, the studio is on there.
It was back...
To me, that was the best.
You know, they had that ball of chocolate moosta.
you know you could die in.
It's amazing.
Not only that question, what do you,
what's your take or spin on these bread places?
The Atlanta bread bakery or the Panattera?
These high-end bread pumps.
You think it's a fat or you think it's here?
I'm out of it.
Because being diabetic, I don't eat bread.
I don't touch it.
I don't know from it.
So the only connection I have with bread
is when you're on the palm metal there and you drive by the bakery there
and you can sniff that smell in the air.
Oh, that's awesome place.
Yeah, they're very unholsom place.
So that's the only connection I have is sniff it right away.
And there were two.
And also there was no article on the paper that said
ESPN is dropping their contract with hockey-cruise money.
That is correct.
So now it's not even a six or six sport.
So they lost the 60 million there.
They're losing their fan base because people don't care anymore.
I tell you one thing, man.
You talk about rocket science.
That's Gary Bentman and Bob Goodenau and all those guys.
They're in big trouble aren't they, Neil?
They sure are.
Good luck to us, pal.
I did.
Screw them and good luck to us.
I mean, yeah, what are we going to do?
I did my best from Odeno-Hockey in that town,
which is like promoting the chocolate or sandwiches in Greenland.
It's just probably one of the really good ideas, you know what?
It's one hundred.
I hate him, bread home, man.
I can't stand him.
Although he looks like my uncle, Hi, who's dead and who is a very nice guy.
My father's brother.
That was his name, Hi, man.
You remember Hi, man, Roth?
Sure.
It's a nice Jewish name, Hi, man.
Although then he married this boy, a shirt cup.
Now she was very nice too.
She's also dead.
Well, you want me to go through the whole history of the family tree of my...
Then I can do my mother's family, if you'd remember,
I can talk about Muggsy Solomon again, my bookie uncle,
who was also a great guy.
He married this big shifter called Evelyn, right?
Five, six, seven, oh five.
Oh five, six, eight.
You're right, I got to write a book.
Oh man, I got so much stuff.
Seriously, I...
Nobody would believe it.
Nobody would believe the crap that I've seen.
The family stuff, the radio station stuff,
just the all around general crap.
I just...
You know, you have a chapter on Fat Rich in there too, Rest in Peace.
And there, you know, I'll bring you a poem.
I said, Hey, there.
W-Q-I-N, hello.
Hey, hey guys, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal. What do you got?
Yesterday at the closing of the show, you were trying to remember
Crazy Greg Newell from the button.
Right.
And I had two other ones for your list for today,
was Coconut and Broward and Bubbos.
Bubbos?
One time ago.
Where was that?
That was a sunrise boulevard, where that toy store is,
the Ferrari shop or whatever they sell.
Oh yeah, right, the toy store, right.
It was a great jazz club, Eddie Higgins played.
It was a fun club.
A car there with the toy store as a matter of fact.
I went to a Ferrari there.
Get out.
You want to come and go?
Still have it?
No, I sold it.
I made some few bucks on it.
Hey, do you sell your nuts?
Yes, absolutely, man.
You can meet.
Yeah.
You got a few.
I go out there and buy a 2000 vet right now.
I had to be the greatest purchase of your life.
Well, I just restored a 75 rag top.
And I've got a 66 AC Cobra.
Oh, all right.
Excellent.
You're going to get a good start.
Get that 2005 man.
It's the rodeo.
Hey, yeah, tell George I still haven't seen him.
I was waiting for him.
This is Bill with the shul.
I haven't seen him yet.
Tell my daughter.
Talked him last year, but I haven't seen him.
Yeah, he talks so quickly.
Yeah, you know.
He's talking about.
See ya.
Yeah, what would you like pedaling this guy drugs or something?
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
Oh, no, no.
So there's both an invitation.
He's the piano player at Shulas and he sent us an invitation.
Right.
So if they're like, certainly a lot of he sounds like a weeby nice guy.
It makes me feel like he wants to like wine and dine you and get you out of the house,
which in your case is always it.
Right.
But I'm very glad to be able to do this.
I've only done without my family and I'm not allowed to have any fun with my family.
So, you know, what do you want?
Well, just tell me about like a special treasure island you're going on.
Yeah.
Like you do on most Fridays.
But it comes to the sport.
We're the outdoors.
So go train your bikes and see what we can do.
And show you where you are.
This is Delavis.
And you know what will be bested into early engineer rages I want to have.
All I got is my goal.
Check it through once a month.
Well, I had just called.
I can't take the stuff then.
All I have to do is have said it's time to sing her.
Because she quenched that she was all the singing singers.
When she got to speak going here is that bowl.
If right, she's missing a word, but playing it's breathable.
All together is me.
I've been like a crazy.
All the top of the tree is all I see.
All of that dual is she makes me laugh.
Taking me as old as we're friends.
Need to stretch again.
Sound my body haggard.
All I have to do, all I have to do, all I have to do, all I have to do, all I have to do.
All the guns I go, kick it through once they're done.
We'll head just low.
I can't take the stuff then.
All I have to do, all I have to do, all I have to do.
I don't remember when I did this, but I'm sitting here and I realized that the mic is on.
How long have I had to mic switch off?
I don't know.
I was reaching over to do the numbers here to figure the numbers and the figures and live.
I had to think I didn't realize it.
I was doing what?
Hacking and content.
I was not hacking or coughing.
I wasn't hacking even in the room.
I got up and I walked out and picked up a couple of pieces of paper that had some old numbers on it.
I was even in here.
I was in the other room going like that.
I'm not really big on talking to myself, although of course there have been some days on the earth in this town.
Anyway, here's the deal.
What's your favorite South Florida business that no longer exists?
Oh God, the list is way too long.
I'm not re-knowledge.
I'm just going to even like the double digit ones.
Okay, 627 votes.
Six bags at Lina 67, Paris World 49, highly a Park 46, Playboy Club 42, Burton Jax 40, Wolfy 37, Samboist 27, The Buttons South 25, and Greg Null.
See, I'm remembered for two minutes.
She radioed WSH-E 22.
She's only rock and roll baby and she's long gone.
That was a bad, that was bad.
Whoever who did that was at the pass?
Yeah, you bastard.
The studio 21, Jordan Marsh 20, Maria Manero's 13 with at Gorgonzola.
I think Gorgonzola is not really good for it.
It's like real rich, give you a gout, tighten her.
I think, at least too much.
Spring Break 12, Dawes 11, Taco Vibratin, Hollywood Sportatorium 10,
Hemingway's 10, Gould Triangle 10, Bisgame Kennel Club 10, that's it.
The famous has only nine, that's...
How can the famous have only nine?
Your steakhouse has only eight?
Geez.
Well, I guess that all the old juniors who did, the people are really enjoyed.
Famous and probably from eating there too many times.
There will never ever again be a place like that in town.
That's just my, I could be wrong about that.
Nobody ever told us the name of that Chinese restaurant.
It was something Lee, not Christine Lee, which we know about Christine Lee,
which are still around.
It was something Lee, I believe, like Pinkie Lee.
Okay.
56705, or maybe Brenda Lee, or Jackie Lee.
Maybe with Jackie Lee's.
Ever see Jackie Lee in Moe together?
The same guy, trust me.
WQI in Moe.
Not there, and a very loud dial tone too.
Wow, that was extraordinarily unsettling.
WQI in, hello.
Yes, I got a couple for your public.
Go right ahead.
It's Victoria Station right there by the airport.
Sure, Victoria Station was legendary, right?
Oh, yes, I loved the ribs.
I loved the ribs.
Yeah.
I got Grand Union Supermarket.
Grand Union, yes.
There used to be a Grand Union right on the corner of the sunset in 177th of the
when I lived in Kindle.
Right there, I could throw a rock for my house to there.
Yes, yes.
And also, I don't know if you've still got this one.
It's the midway skating center.
Never heard of it.
Wow, when I was a kid, I used to go all the time.
That's pretty good.
George Erd says absolutely.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Thank you.
See you at Grand Union.
What about, since we're doing supermarkets, what about extra?
Extra, extra.
Read all about it.
Huh?
Okay.
Where you had to bag your own, bring BYU, will be, bring your own bag.
I don't know.
There was nothing wrong with the other only problem is they sold everything in industrial strength,
the size boxes and bags and cartons and cans.
And there's only so many guys like Al Goldstein that can eat like a whole family size box of cereal.
Extra.
They didn't last very long, did they?
Look, really.
And since we're doing supermarkets, what about Panty Pride?
Huh?
What about them?
Let's get it on there.
And what about the other one that they turned the Panty Pride into that artsy, artsy supermarket that didn't...
I don't think it's around anymore.
Remember down on the 7, 9th Street Causeway?
There was one.
Oh, a Hyde Park?
Hyde Park.
Are they still in business?
I don't think so.
They were very fancy.
A lot of me fancy, but it was supposed to be more like kind of a health food...
Oh, okay, I see.
Healthy or free or kind of supermarket?
I don't know.
I don't know what it was all about.
And evidently nobody else did either, which is why they're not there anymore.
Hyde Park.
Yeah, I hope they're not around anymore.
And if they are, we like them a lot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5...
See, this rating trend that came out...
I realize it's only a trend, okay?
It's only a trend, but once again, we continue kicking it old style, okay?
New style, old style, medium style, lukewarm style.
We are seriously kicking ourselves, okay?
Kickin' the can, kicking somebody in the can.
Right, okay?
So, leave me alone, crock, whatever your name is, clearance.
And of course, muff, well...
You're fair.
...so to say that one, you know?
Just leave me alone.
You don't have any problems on this show.
This show is easy maintenance.
There is no maintenance.
There are only maintenance I'm doing here, you know?
I'm doing the engineering.
I got the monitor taken care of it here, the Denon Nussi V-Dex, I install them.
I mean, I'm like my own radio station for Christ's H, right?
Just line me up and let me go, okay?
Just crank up the old shoe.
Let me go, that's it.
Start worrying about taking care of some of your other problems that you may or may not have.
Just start just straightening certain things out.
I think they're setting somebody up for a fall.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know if I mention any names, but I'm going to like straightening his ass out tomorrow during the crossover.
Okay?
Or don't you think I should give my opinion?
Well, of course I did.
I mean, because I want to see him do extremely well.
And remember that stupid ass fact?
I got, oh yeah, you want him to fail.
Why don't I want anybody to fail, especially our leader?
Yes, especially the guy that's going to leave it, he wants us to fail.
What a stupid ass thing that is.
We want Hank with double digit chairs in there, and it can only benefit us and of course himself.
But that IRA man, he just, he just rubs me the wrong way.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh, that's an honor.
They have one here.
Okay?
Barefoot mailman.
Barefoot mailman.
You remember that?
Yes, sure do.
We could buy a high with the skirt on it.
That's right.
Hey, can I get a second kiss from you?
I love you.
Good idea.
Oh, let's figure that out.
Now let me ask you this question, because you've seen, you know what I'm talking about, even though you pretend you're having seen me, can't miss him, because he's all over Mark Felt's grandson on there.
I would say my own guess is that he's like between like 22 and 25 years old, I would be my guess.
Okay.
Would that be a good get?
Would you agree with that?
Sure.
Okay.
I just mentioned that in passing, because I don't know.
What, it's legal to think.
No, I'm not talking about legal.
I'm just saying that it's just a nice age is what I'm saying.
Oh, no, yeah, yeah.
He still looks like fresh face in his eyes.
So not quite as glossy as Yennefer, but I don't know.
Glossy is the word with that bitch, but she is.
They showed her this morning after that court deal, and she just, I don't know what it is, those eyes that I'm hungry.
They will actually pop out of her head one of these days pretty soon, Yennefer.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Want to speak to me?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
Buenos tardes, to you.
Likewise, I'm sure.
How about Anthony's pizza rhea?
Yeah, Anthony sounds very familiar.
Where was that?
It was two out in Kenville, one out of Cherry Grove, which was 97 in Kenville, and one out of 137 in Kenville.
Right.
One in Astrino.
That's where Jeff Cohen got his start.
That was a flyer to the piece of law.
I'll be damned.
Okay.
How about that China made on Bird Road?
China made, I don't know.
You don't know the name of it, because you're obviously a Dave County person.
You know the one before law did I was talking about?
No, no.
How about Goldstark Deli on Astrino about 60 seconds?
Okay, and how about having a great day?
Thank you.
Got those?
Got them.
I had the feeling he was going to keep going.
Which is okay.
I did say, you know, Liz, but I want to get at least 40,000 people on here by 2 o'clock.
Don't forget we got Gildi today, baby, on a highly rated Mojawa day.
Gildi.
Well, the fact that we put him on here, that really, I mean, that says it all.
And then we got that hockey season, maybe.
Let's start promising Gildi.
In fact, I would tune in to Lee Slunch right now if I were you and see what Bill Waters is saying.
Cargo free and silly, and then hopefully two back home.
Where were the crowds picking up in Chicago?
Well, they're always good.
Oh, it's the Colter Cup finals, the fandoms and the wolves.
Are you up to about that?
I bet you guys got that on that series, right?
Oh, yeah.
Two WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Yes, sir.
Pretty good.
I was thinking of Connie Island.
Connie Island.
Connie Island.
How are Connie Island?
Yeah, right.
Connie Island, yeah.
I think we got it on her.
I'll take it.
I think it's doing anything, but we got it.
All right, thanks.
Okay, you're welcome.
Fine.
We were thinking of Connie Island.
Remember Connie?
Yeah.
They should fear her.
Yeah, that's exactly the Connie I was thinking of, right?
Five, six, I remember Connie Francis.
She was a little, literally she had a little bit of a problem there.
And that's because she kept the go-to-four Lauderdale.
She would have been okay if she just stayed out of there.
She kept doing that where the boys are, where the boys are.
And she kept lining up at the Marlon Beach, you know.
That's not the kind of thing that would really get in my head.
You're fair.
I beg your pardon?
That movie was on again the other day.
It wasn't really.
It was Frankie Avalon in it all, but.
Yeah, well, whatever it was.
I sure liked Frankie Avalon for about five minutes.
He would say he had no talent.
He couldn't sing.
He couldn't act.
He just, he looked pretty good.
He was kind of like, yeah.
He sure had more talent than Fabian.
Boy, who was he doing?
Fabian, what was his story?
He was kind of like an Amazon.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, me, please.
Speaking.
Yeah, the reason why punch-a-five is not in business anymore.
Because they were owned by a Fleming food,
who went out of the business a couple of few years ago.
That's why punch-a-five and high-pong closed down.
I see.
Yes, sir.
They were used to work in Fleming, and they supply punch-a-five.
And extras.
And punch-a-five went out of business a few years ago.
But that's why I obviously did a hell of a job, right?
Today, I know.
Today, it's closed.
They closed out 34 divisions.
They had the Midas Touch and Reverus.
Okay, thanks a lot, man.
Okay, my friend.
And in part, since we'll see on the corner, about 215.
5.6, oh, look at that. It's half of the break.
I can't believe this, sir.
Wow, and then?
Well, I've said it one thing.
It's a kind of a little relief, you know?
And no pressure anymore now for another month with that trend, you know?
It kind of takes like a little bit of pressure off.
And then once we lose that March, we might have a stellar
and as kicking Spring Book, you know that?
Good.
We might have a humongous Spring Book,
which means the extra bonus man with the station.
If we can do stuff that certain other day part.
And of course, now that the Marlins are going again.
And of course, the basketball thing.
Now, what's the story?
When are they playing it?
Is it tonight or do they play a B-4?
Yes, it is.
Or it's being forced tonight?
Yeah.
The heat or the heat, because I keep thinking, no, no, this is...
This is the Army.
I beg your pardon?
Okay, 5.2, 2, 2.
Oh, that's what I was asking.
I thought the Pistons tied it up.
No, 2, 2. That's bad.
2, 2. See, there's that 2, 2 again.
If you talk to Ira, too much about...
You wind up with the 2, 2.
So you can either wear it or hang it around your neck like an albatross driven by Stanley,
the answer, or Harry Harvey, a Harvey, whoever you prefer.
Well, I'd say my knowledge of harness racing is so vast and useless.
It's just, it's really scary to me, you know?
I hope that Dick Feinberg's listening,
because he's the only person that any time I make any of those references,
he is most definitely the only one that's got any idea what I'm talking about.
114, EQM.
If you think you got termites in your home, you better call our good friends at Riddett Pest Control.
They're for free termite inspection.
Because once those termites get out of control, once they start multiplying like termites,
you got real service man.
Your houses are going to start falling apart real fast.
Riddett Pest Control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills your termites
and through my legs 100% on contact.
I mean, they're gone faster than you can say.
We're number one in kicking serious ass old-style.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them forever.
And the best part of the deal when you call Riddett,
they don't put that circus tent on your house.
Well, that is, we've got to be one of the biggest pains in the ass.
They put the tent on there.
They like close the whole thing up.
You have to move out to a motel for days, at least for a whole weekend.
Not with Riddett, there's no worry about food or pets in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they don't treat your property, the only one who left behind
is the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
They specialize in private homes and apartment buildings and condos,
pound homes, all of these things.
So it's true, if you have a termite problem, here's the smart thing to do.
No more tenting. Call Riddett Pest Control right now.
And they'll give you all the information about this amazing orange oil treatment
that kills termites and their eggs, 400% on contact.
No tenting, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspectioners, absolutely no obligation.
Call Riddett at 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
But it comes with sports.
New user, the off story.
Sport radio 560.
Newer.
Yeah.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Newer.
Will I don't want to use any efficance?
If I went and join the ring, I'm gonna immobilize you!
I'm too old for this.
Get out of here.
I'm yeah, giants.
I guess I'm gonna have all moved to champion.
For the while I said guv fois determining the point of existence.
eugh, yo, I said, habРi,
eugh!
You don't scam me,
eugh, this guy!
You're on part!
muaah!
The
top
is
this one
of the very old
party now
so
it's
little
little
little
little
little
little
little
little
little
little
assistant
oh
you're a top guy
why
I see
I see
I'm
miss getting
right
exactly one
I see you won't be here in a
moment today
he's got a couple days off
who's on tomorrow
we got Curtis
Stevenson on tomorrow
who's our favorite Curtis
in the building
he does a fine job
he'll be on for the moment
tomorrow
and we can say
he's done on me
these trend numbers
are 10m to 3pm
thanks for partnering
for a spectacular trend
assuming he has some
to do with it
are you
sure
WKYM
hello
I want to talk to Neil
speaking
how are you doing?
I was going to tell you the
pub on Coral Way
and John's ice cream
parlour on Miracle Mile
in the Gables
Gables Inc. what it used to be
is it?
no it's a toilet
ok thanks
I love you
if that's the case don't be
flushing the coran in the Gables
we flex everything
you too
she's flushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
crushing
mixing
cane
mern
ис
L
jica
make people money and make some myself and do a decent job.
But that business about, wow, the real challenge would be if Neil can keep, you know, how
do you word it?
I used to have that article, I finally schmit candid.
You know, I'll be out of touch because I'll be doing a show from Toronto.
Well, guess what Mr. Ball smarty pants?
I'm not doing any more shows out of that studio in Miami ever.
You can bait your life on it.
How do you like that?
And you can throw in a very jackass to why you're added.
All of us are on paper.
And the gym sarni throw him in there.
And he never like, you know, it's one of those things.
It's, you know, it reminds me of it's like sarni and the pool on the rich walls.
You take the pool and then you're going to see how it turns out and then you just pretend
like it ever happened.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
And it's the same thing with jica like, well, we'll see now if he can, you know, and here
we'll just continue kicking humongous, smelly, nasty, grotesque ass.
And he's like oblivious to it, you know.
I know you're listening, Tom.
Okay.
I'm not saying that you got to like kiss my ass in your column, but certainly because he
doesn't write about the ratings anymore.
You know, like the last book, he didn't acknowledge it.
He just didn't exist.
Radio just doesn't exist anymore, which I think he may have a pretty good point.
560560, Tom 560 and he's arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
What's your favorite software to business that no longer exists?
Does K102 have any votes?
Because that guy was pretty adamant.
And of course that was kind of a cult thing, you know, K102.
Oh, yeah.
Let me take a few.
You can see it's got two votes.
See K102 and it's got two.
WQAM, hello.
On the mail.
Yes, sir.
Talking about grocery stores.
Do you get pigly wiggly?
Tigly wiggly.
Now, with the pigly wiggly in South Florida?
Yeah, there was one.
Burgrow and by 15th Avenue.
You've to be a grand union.
Then it was bigly wiggly and now it's the mile.
I'll be damned.
I'll be damned.
I'll be damned.
I don't know what happened to a grand union.
It was pretty good story.
In fact, I remember the one by me there on 107th and sunset.
They had just like read down the whole story.
And I have been out in the community, remodel the story.
And they have the deli, the fresh, all the takeout stuff.
It's just beautiful.
And then all of a sudden there was something else one day.
Right after they finished doing that.
And then they said something like a lot of beans.
And then I moved.
567.0560, pound 568, they were rising and singular wireless line.
I'll tell you if you eat too much of that then you want to be in a hands bean?
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Or speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil.
I just turned in.
What about number talks, clam stand?
Yeah, well, they're still open we found out.
I talked about them and talks is great and the good news is they're still around.
And then the other one that I thought of was the down under.
Where the hell is that?
That was not.
It was on the intercourse.
I think Oakland talks maybe in the end.
Yeah, I remember that.
Yes, the down under.
I do remember that.
Yeah, it was an excellent restaurant.
And long gone.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
I feel.
It's down under.
You got it.
Nothing like having a little thunder down under.
Now, gee, he just reminded me.
What was the thing with the down under?
There was another one with a similar name.
Well, it will come to me.
There's only like 75,000.
And you'll notice all these people that I've known over the years,
oh, I went open up a restaurant.
I went open up.
You know something?
This should prove to you.
It's not just that we're all a bunch of peas and glutton which of course we are.
But when you look at the percentage of the businesses that have mentioned on the pool here,
except for a couple of racetracks and a couple of amusement places like six flags,
the over and pirates were the overwhelming majority of places on here, our restaurants.
Right.
The reason for that being that the restaurant business is just brutal.
It is very difficult.
So if anybody likes to rise, it's been around for a long time.
The odds are pretty good that it's going to be a, it was Henry Lee's, that's the name.
Boy, what?
Mine like a, huh?
That's not familiar.
A mine like a steel trap, Henry Lee's Chinese.
That was the name of that place on the corner of a US law federal highway, US one,
and the state road 84 and four Lauderdale Henry Lee's.
That was there.
I'm sure it's not there anymore.
Could it be?
No.
There huge place.
Big guy in the food was magnificent.
Very, very good.
WDQ I am.
Hello.
I speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Yes, Neil.
How about our, the NEVA's, sunrise and US one?
You must have tuned in Lake, because not only is it on our pool, but the guy that used to own it called in earlier.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I've been in it out of the car.
Yeah.
I'm going to go out there.
Must be your psychic powers.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
Yeah, NEVA's is gone and the guy called in the, give us the solid dance and the story about the meat that it would put up.
And they couldn't do the chemical bread because of the salt and et cetera.
Yeah, it's very difficult.
I've never been able to really understand that fully, but I guess anybody that understands making good bread or like pizza dough or any understands that which is why they say one of the reasons the pizza in New York is so great because the Hudson River.
And again, I don't understand why because probably a lot of guys have peed in it, but the Hudson River supposedly some of the best water in the country.
Were you aware of that?
No, I was not.
So the water in New York that they use in their baking helps to make that kind of dough and it's almost impossible to duplicate in Florida.
In fact, there were some places where they were like shipping in bottles of New York water in Florida to make like pizza and the bacon and stuff like that.
I mean, it sounds a little bit bizarre, but it happens to be true, which means here the water in the Toronto must really suck because the pizza is just the absolute worst.
I mean, it is bad. It is so bad.
And of course, being diabetic and that's supposed to be eating that in the first place, when you find a place that like puts sugar in the dough and sugar in the sauce, it's like a double whammy.
It's kind of like double whammy.
And not only that, plus it sucks anyway, you know.
See with me, like I've told you many times, it's a good model of live by all you fat people and diabetic people and dying people, which is all of us.
I'm dying. I'm a man.
If you're going to cheat, cheat with something good, you know.
Oh, all right. I'll write that down.
You've got to talk about food.
I know exactly where you were going. And of course, Ann and Marie isn't in town anymore, but nevertheless.
We got a really hot blonde on the website today.
I guarantee there isn't one head of our sexual in this audience that wouldn't like to cheat with her many, many times.
But third, man.
In fact, I don't think you considered that cheating, would you?
No, I wouldn't be cheating. I think cheating, not cheating.
Why come to introduce to this why you've got this thing?
The biggest person out there.
Yeah, I believe the life part of it again, you do a lot of partings in this group.
She will.
Yeah.
For it's queer, you're radio is what they use for.
She will.
But you lose it.
You fail it.
Go away to the door to door to door to door door door door door door door.
There's no more things.
I like it when you don't know it.
But you're with Daisy.
Oh, yeah, the way you're going.
Hey, do you know me?
She'll teach me the joy you're going to.
You're going to die.
Oh no, but the door doesn't know it's a door to door door door door door.
There's no more things.
I think you'll be with it when you don't know it's a lie.
And it's that I don't think that you know me.
Hey, make the door door.
Just try it once.
To break the page of the door.
You'll be into the door to the door to door door door.
Make the door door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door.
Make the door to door door door door door door door door that door door door door door.
They are finally here.
They're finally here.
They are finally here.
They are finally here.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I never said, I don't know what you're talking about.
I just love it.
I mentioned you have that.
We're number one!
Get me!
Not the most in that.
I'll mention it again.
The trend came out today in case you tune in late.
Of course most of you don't care, but to what's it means bonus money eventually when a whole book comes out.
And once again, lifting up the entire joy by its bootstraps.
Brother, they just never gonna get it, are they?
I just broke my arms and discovered it.
We're just to concentrate on what we do here.
Just concentrate on us.
5.6705.60, and we've arrived in Singular Rytals line.
Your favorite, I like this idea for a pool tomorrow.
I should do this.
You see this fact that you sent me, I'm sure you did.
What place out of business or current was the best place to pick up women or men and found women?
Oh yeah, that's good idea.
I do like that pool.
And then their vote is for Area Code 305 for the slutty women.
Let's raise the question correctly.
Okay, let me raise.
Name a place.
Yeah, I'm done.
That was great.
Name a place.
In fact, that could be our pool every day.
Name a place.
Name a guy.
Oh my God, that's not right either.
Name a person.
Name a place.
Name a place.
Yeah, like the street corner out there like this.
Yeah, that would be a great place.
Yeah, that would be good.
Right up there by the cactus.
I'm surprised nobody might see the cactus.
Maybe they're back in business.
Normal would know.
He probably knows about all those haunts.
WQYM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, I am.
You're absolutely right about the water in New York, by the way, because the bagels are the best there also.
That's you're the bagels.
That's another reason they can't duplicate those bagels even if Linda came back to life.
Absolutely.
Can I give you two since I got before I gave you a whole list?
Sure can.
Wags, the services terrible that they had to take.
Oh, I love Wags.
We mentioned that a million times on the show, but every time we do one of these, I forget about it.
Wags, I ate their zillions times late at night especially.
Yep.
And E-Mac and Volios, you say, right?
They made a comeback.
I remember Zachary Weir, but somebody called her a few weeks ago and said that they opened up somewhere there.
A really?
Yes, we'll find out.
I've got to check it out.
I think maybe in Boka.
Oh, okay.
I'm on my way.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks, bye-bye.
E-Mac and Volios, now there was a place, remember those days on Zade?
Of course you don't.
Nope.
I sure do.
E-Mac and Volios.
In fact, I remember the young man that worked there at E-Mac and Volios.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he bought a Zade of days.
They were sure that was a lot of fun for a little while.
And of course they made Tim Williams a GM over there at Guy Gannett Broadcasting.
And that was the end of that.
What a worst man.
Oh, but he's got kids who listen and of course buy another adults, you know, after all these years.
So if he's just still alive, Tim Williams, I want to say for all of his family, he's still the same.
I'm sure he's still the same bone hit he was back then.
He's a real joist.
Hold.
God, what an idiot.
Oh, you said pissed off.
Yeah, that goes to show it.
Even with all the restrictions we have now, we can still say pissed off.
Okay.
He was having a kitten about that.
He's having nervous breakdown because I said pissed off on here.
Oh, my God.
What up?
Piss off and he's fired up with it.
Yeah, right.
See, he still say that on here.
Tim Williams, you're fair.
You're quizzling you.
Of course, the fact like I've told you a million times that he was the son-in-law of the owner of the radio station
didn't hurt his chances for we meet the general manager.
And he replaced Gary Lawrence who happened to have been a pretty good guy.
And was certainly one of the best people I've ever worked for with Gary Lawrence.
The only thing I didn't like when we had our first, didn't Gary call him on the year one day?
What was the occasion?
Was it my 25th anniversary show or something?
Something like that.
One of those deals.
In fact, Bill Toul from a WGNOS palm called in with his lime green pants.
He actually called in on one of those either 20 or 25.
Whatever the hell they are, you know, 20, trying to like a football game.
The 20, the 25, the 30, you know, the 30's coming up.
About 30, man.
Next March one.
I'm just thinking what his trend that came out today and I'm just patting myself on the back real good.
It's good exercise.
Did they not have something like real special like balloons or stuff?
Of course, I won't be there, but nevertheless, you guys can enjoy it.
You guys can just eat until you're sick until you pass out right on the counterfeit.
I'm like a real plan.
I mean, it's only June 2nd here.
It's a long way to march.
But I'm still, I mean, you know, and after the 30, just forget about it.
Because they only think of the important numbers.
In fact, I'm thinking again that both newspapers share like a major front page stories if I live that long, you know?
Would that be great?
That'd be something.
Yeah.
Like unlikely is what it is.
Line 9, WDQAM.
I'm WDQAM.
Hello.
Who has cooking?
I have no idea.
He's on line 9 now.
I have no idea.
He's on line 9 now.
I have no idea.
It's Callico Jack.
Callico Jack's okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Callico Jack's, you got it?
We got it.
That's why people are so sour about surf.
It's not so ridiculous.
Most of the group places are closed down.
That explains part of it.
I'm not sure what the rest of it is, but that's definitely part of the reason that.
Now today we've had all these nice people call them.
This has been a real Machaya hasn't it?
Yeah.
Because we got something that they can stink their teeth into.
I told you.
Oh no.
Nobody wants to hear about all these old places that closed up 30 years ago.
Well, they still don't want to hear about it, but they'll call and talk about it.
In other words, you don't like this pool.
I can't believe it.
Oh no.
I like the pool fun.
No, you don't.
I know Joshua wouldn't like it because he never heard any of these places.
Well, you're right on that.
What?
You don't like it or you haven't heard it more both?
Let's go full.
Oh, okay.
Well, maybe you want, maybe you need to go out there and give us something more out of your system.
Maybe you left a little something in there, okay?
Well, he's going to put the list up and go visit all these places.
Yes, I'm going to leave.
Hey, you can kind of like pass this along or type it up real life, pass along to the sales department.
So, in Berkeley, starts making those cold callers, she can start right at the top of the list like,
six flies at night.
It's a big good job.
But she'll have mine by Monday.
As long as they bring us free food.
There you go, see?
Let's get some fries from Daltz.
Oh, boy.
With cheese on it.
I'm actually the first cheese fries must have been at Daltz.
Seriously, I'm not joking about that.
Daltz had, and of course being a cheese lover, which probably Oyer clogs your arteries really bad.
I love that place, but it's just they just had thick melted cheese on everything, you know?
Even on the plate, if you just ordered an empty plate, you'd still get like a plate full of cheese.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, hi.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
All right, every time you bring up a restaurant and stuff, it always reminds me of the worst place to eat, too.
And that was quirky, if you remember quirkyza, my dear guards.
Right.
Yeah.
I knew sooner or later we'd finally have the jackpot.
I mean, nothing was a big jackpot, it was just a...
I could just see at least two fingers reaching right there.
Yeah, we don't really want to worry.
What was it left, though?
How about the button?
Twenty-two, two, a-two, and we got the Gellimite here.
The Gellimite here at the Tefermo, this afternoon.
When it comes to equipment, we go to $1.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Four, three or five six fingers reaching right here.
It was on this Saturday morning, exactly now, four, but nothing could prepare me.
When I'm not found Riley's door, he was frowning, he was going to be in it that need of a shape.
He was just about to put a can into the microwave.
I asked him to use the bathroom and he said he didn't care.
He was reading the sun's ethanol, he was underware.
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be, and there was a crucifix, a fix for all to see.
I didn't see Excel major.
I had come to mold all over.
But I found Jesus in Rig Riley's jaw.
Yes, for the rig, he changed my life up all that people they.
Cos by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away.
Now I learned to be in government, I'll watch that Robertson, and I'll go prepare a few cans and even if he doesn't run, I'll retain to be a hamster.
But my liberal needs are gone.
Cos I found Jesus in Rig Riley's jaw.
Oh, right.
Right, right, right, right, go.
145, don't forget, suds is going to be on with George just several times during the summertime.
I would imagine.
As many times as we can get him.
Is he still doing nothing?
He's still doing a whole lot of nothing.
And quickly, what do you mean by that?
He does it frequently and often.
I'm not talking about that.
Oh, nothing.
Oh, seriously, I don't understand that.
I mean, isn't he like, doesn't he?
Well, I guess if his wife is going to support him the rest of his life, it's fine.
He would have put up with Rick all those years and be treated like crap.
I'd like to have that.
He paid about 2% of what Goop Hall there was making.
That's kind of scandalous of you.
Yeah, it's considered that most people put up with Rick because of suds.
Exactly.
WDQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Two things.
First of all, I wanted to mention the wag dress off of the way he beat me to it.
Yeah, why is he very good?
Yeah, I beat the hell out of Denny's or I hop anything.
Oh, by a million miles.
Yeah, absolutely.
Which would go great, by the way.
Yeah.
And the other thing, you need to take a Swenson drop of it because there's still one left.
I'll be there.
Where's that?
It's in South Miami on US1 right next door.
The speck news store you were talking about.
I see that.
I guess that's conspiracy right there.
So yeah, I just want to give you those two things.
Thanks for the news, pal.
I'll see you.
Okay, so we got to get specs and the Swenson's off of there.
Okay, sorry about that.
There's the Swenson's in plantation somewhere, I believe, or Tamarack.
Or at least there was.
I'm sure it's long gone.
So I just noticed that I love you into a, an admission.
All these years finally admitted that you hate Rick like poison.
What?
Rick Rally.
That's not what I said at all.
You didn't say it, but you said there, I mean, my goodness.
And didn't you get that feeling John?
He just said that people tolerated him because of sides.
Yeah, I'm a little angry.
Sounded hostile.
That's a fact, by the way.
You know it.
As far as the show goes, the most pop up with Rick.
Right, but they could hear funny questions.
Both of the show and also personally, too an extension.
Well, little teeny tiny baby steps.
I bet you just some, I bet you one day George comes out.
I know he's rather the blue.
Yeah, I have to.
There was a time.
We could go over this.
There was a time.
But we, we meant that our faggy, you meant that your face is the end there.
Yeah.
Okay.
And by the way, I happen to enjoy the Rick and Suds show a lot before we started doing the stock market stuff and such and so on.
Well, I'm going to tell you one thing.
I'm just disturbed that you said that because.
A year this year, up about 30% yet so much rain at a 13 p.m.
I was thinking maybe we might do a financial segment here.
We could have like Ted David Cohen for an hour every day and put him on the air and do some of that boring stuff from the gambling.
What's the particular idea?
And that a great idea and then see if we could whittle that six six, share down to about a one six.
I think we could work on it.
And should they have a hockey season?
Yeah, the river hour.
Oh, the hockey shows are definitely making a comeback and we know who could be on a co hosting with the river.
Yeah, we had a guilty and the right maybe even these five members.
We don't know.
Sure.
Right.
At least lose your lunch.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
Yep.
Yes, I am.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
A couple of things.
Somebody just stole my thunder because that's back and that, um, the sweat is over right next to me.
Right.
It's almost like a conspiracy just to prove how stupid we are, right?
We have to lose her.
Okay, but the two things I want to tell you that gentleman who called about Don Carter's.
Right.
And Kaisel, it's a goner.
If you want.
Now, Josh was saying there's another Don Carter's somewhere else?
Yeah, I've been a lot of them.
Yeah, Timber.
Right.
Timber.
Okay, so as long as there's one of them around though, there's no one left.
But you remember Don Carter?
Are you an old fart like me?
Do you remember his, uh, that lift handed to style?
Is that her unusual, uh, back in the day, but in the days I very strange.
Yeah, but my follow was like the big teacher down there, Don Carter's.
Well, throw it out the way to that.
Yeah.
I can tell how old I am now.
Oh, but you can't.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Two other things.
Two other things.
Yes.
Okay.
Your father's mustache and South Miami.
Yeah.
Do you remember that?
And your mama.
Well, I don't remember your father's mustache.
I remember.
I remember 24 hour right there with the, uh, where the Holsen Bakery Center used to be.
Right.
Okay.
And then also you had, uh, Ludwais?
You had to know Ludwais.
Yes, I did.
And also Cis Piano Bar.
What is it?
Cis Piano Bar.
Cis Piano Bar, yes.
That was one of the greatest places in the world.
Well, I'll be damned.
Not no more.
Well, I'll say it well.
Ain't nothing around here no more.
Exactly.
You got it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
560-560 on the horizon and singular wireless lines.
So many places gone.
I don't, I don't think this is the least bit boring.
Of course, if you're under the age of 70, it probably is.
But then what do those people know?
Yeah, nothing.
I mean, all of these things that we're talking about here, well, you're just limited in your scope.
You don't, they don't serve beans.
You don't want any part of it.
That's the problem.
That's true.
If they don't do a lot of drug served beans or throwing a bunch of breeze laying around or, uh,
bullying bowls, you gotta shout out to people's orifice.
I'm gonna be like ping pong balls.
How about bullying bowls?
That's it.
Well, maybe can't they will.
So they can come back.
560-7-0-560.
You've got a darn Carter, right?
See how that all kind of fit in?
560 on the horizon and singular wireless line.
I have no idea why, but that's just kind of like tickled me there myself.
Probably nobody else, but that I'm a little strange.
in case you have noticed. WQAM, hello. Hello, me, you. Yes. Yeah, there's another
slunches in lighthouse point, too. Well, thank God we're taking that piece off our list.
Yeah, how about the spliced apple? Yeah, it's on there. That was the Allen Evo channel.
Right. It's okay. That's on there. For an EZ anchor bar. Oh, is that gone? I mentioned
that before I was only halfway joking. Is that gone finally after a hundred years?
Yeah, there's a car dealership there now. Oh boy, Freddie's anchor bar. There was like
like a landmark. Yeah. A coral springs over the few Alpine Delly. Okay. Right there.
Nope. And then the pink Buddha. What about the golden Buddha? Remember the child hundred
and twenty-fifth in Biscayne Boulevard? There was a Chinese restaurant called the Golden
Buddha. Oh, yeah. But you've got to ask on how about Rose Buds for water. Okay. All right,
thank you. Thanks. Have a good day. How about the Golden Buddha? What do you say? Yeah,
or nay, I think it's gone. I'm not positive about it. Well, the bit your wife on it.
Huh? I don't know. It's got to be gone. That was a pretty good place. Many of me older.
We just north. I believe a hundred and twenty-fifth in Biscayne Boulevard. Now, Steve's pizza
skillet. We decided on that. What used to be there? There was a pumper next there on the
corner, the big restaurant. What else used to be there? Dodo. You know what I'm talking
about? 125th in Biscayne across from a city bank or whatever that bank is. There was
well, I mean, I know the intersection. I don't know what used to be there. I'll be damned.
There must be something there now. I think Sarah's pizza is just like the east of there
going across to take a dive and dip in the water. I think Sarah's pizza is over there.
Remember the guy call from Sarah's when we're doing the pizza thing? Yes, I did. It's
still kosher for any of the even the glacial holidays. It's okay. 153 at 560. QM, don't
forget Gellie. Got some hot hockey news coming up.
Yes, sir. Yankee. Those pages out of all embibers, man, no matter what they'll kind
of air and just flush them right down. I wouldn't be using them first thoughts. Really bad
for your welcome, Roy's. Anyway, here's the poll result. It'll take me till 5 o'clock
tomorrow morning, we know all these. What's your favorite soft food of business that no longer
exists? And before I do this, I noticed that Waxi's 790 started to make a little bit
of a move. I think that's because we left the door open, you know? Digway. That's it when
we did all that diddling around back in January, even though it's early June now, but nevertheless,
we left the door open. We left it open a crack. And once you do that, before you know it,
like a whole bunch of people start jamming their way in there. They're jamming it. What's
your style of favorite soft food of business that no longer exists? Six lives at Lina's
733. It's been the leading right from the get go. I guess they just like that tube that
slides you right down to the water, right? Right. Or maybe they're just hanging around
watching all those of people going on the water. Maybe they're much of a pedophile that
wanted to watch those little kids naked. Maybe that's it. Tyrant's World 51, Burton
Jax 51, highly a park 49, Playboy Club 49, Wolfies 39. She is good.
About 30 minutes. Sambo is 29, the button's out of 25, the studio 24. Man, that was just
too good to be true. Jordan Mars 21, 14 Protaco Viva and Maneros, 13 for the Hollywood
Sports Ditorium or whatever it says here. Spring break 13, and miss that bad. Now we don't
want them pukes in here, man. They're young and they're drinking and they're a sectioned
up and doing stuff. Gold triangle 12, Biscayne 10, Club 12, Dals 11, the famous 11,
Hemingway's 10. Now you said your wife used to work in Hemingway's? Yeah, she was a
hostess. Well, I'll be damned. And then they went out of business. How about that?
Castle Park 9, New York State House 9, Uno's Pizza Rea 8. Oh, no, that's not, it was
Pizza Rea Uno, but that's okay, whatever it is. They don't know. That's my bad.
Torquoise 8, Villabelle 8, and 8, and 8. Peaches records in tape 7. Neva 7. Thanks again
for the roast beef guy calling in the again that opened that Neva's there. Open at the
Shane. Jefferson 7, Miami Serpentarium 6, Art Stox, Clay Pan, or Art Playa's Stock Pan 6,
or Art Stox Pig Pan. The Sweden House 6, Beef State Charlie 6, where they have that, all
you can eat peel in the each rim and that the picture is in Sangria. Were they the Elements
in it? Why did they put Lemons in Sangria? I guess for the same reason they still
haven't been because of the Orenches and stuff that they can't agree with. They can
get a little fruity. You're fair. What are you about him? I know about fruit. Spice
Apple 6, Piccolo 6, Jr. 6, the Caves 5, K-pop 3, 5, K-102 5, K-102. They had a bad signal.
I guess that's magic now, right? Magic 102 point. Am I right? I don't know. Magic
8, because Rick Shaw has played his own music. Can Fettie 4, Black Aynas 4, Marlon
B. Cho'Tel 4, I'm never going to get to all of these. Coney Island 3 and then Coney Island
and another 3. So it's under twice. So I don't know what that means. Monson 3, Marshall
Major 3, Stan Major didn't get any. Teenus Forgetty House 3, Rudy's 3, Tirpub 3, Prince
Hamlet 3, The Toast 3. Two for Figaro's My Pie, Art Donuts, Dan Doud's, The Ranch House,
Il Tula Pano, Vodega Stake House, Place for Stake and one of these for Down Under, Pigly
Brigham, Bearfoot Mailman, extra supermarket, Grand Dish Cull Wrong, Grand Union Supermarket,
Incredible Universe, Durity Ernie's, Lindsay Lumber, The Alley, Jans, Jackson Firewoods and
Rocky Graziani's and everybody else's got the big. Bye bye bye!
