Time for Neil
Good morning. Good morning. When is this you know I had that thought earlier today?
That's not good. No, but this was a pretty good one. Oh, I don't know if you heard about this Florida State border back here
I got to story my file here about that here about him. Well, I was thinking what if you know, let's say Moses
Moses? Yeah. Yeah, that one. I heard he went
Yeah, and then he went oh
What if there was a guy today who said that God spoke to him and he gave them these 10 things they'd like him a live live by right or
For that matter the original son of God or whatever
If he was around today and said that
That's who he was yeah people would think he'd been drinking or doing drugs right either that or he'd be on TV for at least
10 15 minutes and yeah to give him his own show like Nancy Grace so much of religion is based on
First types of things right today you look at a guy who does something like that or it's right to proclaim something like that
And you say this guy's crazy going to any big city in North America including here and you find people standing on three corners
They're talking about just what you're saying yep proclaiming to be God to be the prophet whatever and of course they're all crazy
Well, that's what we think
This guy really is right like some people say it everybody else is out alive my son is in step
Oh, don't don't don't right
You know I'm saying like you like it Q. I. Am everybody else is out of the building one guy
But don't don't do the option to the right drummer. Oh, that yeah. Oh look at that Yankees to unfair new stadium plans
800 mil isn't that great 800 million but they're paying for it. Wow. That's good
Hey, if they want to build one that I say let them build two. Yeah, what's it's up to them sir money?
One in the Bronx and one on Long Island. They're gonna get one on Long Island for the for the Metz now according to the mayor because
I think there was about a race we ought to be in Westbury
Isn't there one no, it's a condo complex now are you kidding me?
Well, but it's not too late to tear it down by no shooting the other day that place is going up
Yeah, looks like it. Well, it's good and I see that the fat ass governor is finally getting off his ass
And is gonna talk to the Indians and maybe then now the per mutuals are saying well
He's gonna let them do it and we're gonna do it too and everything is moving along there. Good. Amen. It's only the
14th 13th 15th of June. Why should we be in a big hurry? But the he's not talking he hasn't changed his opinion and
They're gonna have to wait till he gets out which is
2006 well, I hate the right to news to him
But the first of July is what that legislation said and that's like about two weeks away last time I checked
Yeah, well, it's not happening for the power mutuals
So and that's what the bill said that's what people know, but it doesn't matter what we vote for we don't have free elections in this state
We might as well be in an Afghanistan or in some other
Comedyplace like Cuba no free elections in Florida
Maybe that's because of our geographical location. Maybe it's too close to Cuba
Maybe they kind of like drifted up that whole concept fascism is good and everything else is bad
So I think I think we have sported you know busy building democracy in Iraq in other places in a room
We have sported whatever little democracy we had left. Yeah, we have to worry about our own it out with the bushes
Yeah, much more dead people there today by the way
And I want to explore today, but there's a bunch more dead people in Iraq today
1706 now that's the number. Well, that's the Americans that of course 12,000 wounded and of course wounded some of them are without legs and arms and eyes
And things like that
But we don't want to talk about that because it's bad for business
Talk about more pleasant things like gambling. So what's this bogus race? You're going to one Saturday
I still can't get over that you got the best game. I was thinking they don't know anything about horse racing
You could just you could just make up the name of a the black eyed Susan
There's a series of shows on the ESPN right and ABC called super Saturdays, right and two of the races this Saturday are at church
There's also I think a big one from New York and I'm not sure where the other ones coming from but anyway
It's a two-hour show and there is it's the first in a series of five shows and it's I hear they have the Freddie Capacela Memorial
I quote I could like to follow in week two you might want to run it now
They already had the Freddie Capacela Memorial. Do they that is there is such a race? Yes, get out of here what I kid you
They're Freddie Capacela Memorial. Why not he deserves one it is now post time
Yep, that's the only thing he ever said that I remember he's pretty good. You know what he used to do Neil
It I used to he used to hang out after he was retired at highly at once in a while where he also remember called the races
Right and he'd stand in the corner and they blow the gate and I'd watch him and when the horses broke
He always went and they're off. No, yes
Are you serious what I kid you he must have known Ernie from Calder. Did you ever know Ernie? No, oh my gosh
That's because you go up in the oppressed box. There was here's a goldhead calder
This guy was the funniest guy I've ever seen in my life
He was there everything used to wear these I mean dress really really sloppy like where these are dial socks and just very strange
But anyway Ernie would sit in pretty much the same area and Bill Calder and I we would go and if we could find him there
We would sit close to him just for the free entertainment because before before the race
He would sit there and he would call a fake race loud enough so that everybody around him could hear there
Oh, but I'm sorry. Yeah, he would and he would do this whole crazy call
A cap of cap of so when you call the whole right? No
No, but he would call a home and then he would do it in his high-fall set of voice and then when you go
You leave to go make a bet he'd say who do you like guys and like a real deep
Kind of like a gym neighbors thing
You know great. This are and then he died
He died all other old racetrack guys. You know, he died probably very adamant to finish line. He was great
Really loud
He'd be screaming and you know like and everybody liked to look at him. That's what cap of so would do he would you it very quietly though
He's really in the wrong
Oh, well, yep, maybe it's just force a habit, you know, yeah, I guess when you
Ross Morton once he gets old and see now he's going like that
Oh, yeah, he still won't be able to understand what he said
Let's get rid of the first racing stuff again. You know nobody wants to hear that. Oh boy. Nobody in Florida wants to hear about that
All right, well, you have a nice day. I certainly will and you want to know why because we got a Marling game
Although not yeah, he's a top-reaching Chicago one forty five. Yeah, girl even we're talking about but 15 minutes
We'll take it mad dog doesn't have much to do this afternoon. No, he's on at 5.30 and somebody else don't even have a
Which is no different from any other day, but you know no mo no mo today who won our intermediate pool about the worst
Force catcher somebody a guy Jim and pepper pines
Had an idea for a pool that he passed me back in February and I put it in my pool pile and I thought well
I want to keep it under all day. It's not that strong of an idea
So I'll put it in my intermediate pool in between for an hour and
Mo got it he beat out the
The Crow and
Lini Martens
Nice going mo
Don't don't don't do it quite a group. It is he's a stiff competition, but he imaged to come out on top
Well have a great day and listen to days a big day of Wednesday
I think you're gonna like win a lot of bundled it not today after
Well, Seth and I really I have to do go tape and outside the lines for tonight and the subject is Ricky
Oh, God. That is the second most tiring subject on earth
Well, let's see on HP ITV. I got Belmont Churchill Monmouth Hollywood the Windsor raceway would buy in
Thura Breds because it's Wednesday metal lands harness racing low and star in Australia
So I just mentioned that in passing from when you're gonna video work missing all that
See you tomorrow. All right. Have a good day you two
three
two
three
oh
I'm not going to go in this way.
I'm not going to go in this way.
You can go back.
Just like me.
Just wait for me.
You should change the way you just go.
Just wait for me.
We'll never let this place be.
I know you please don't fly out of your mouth.
Wait a second.
All right.
One, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four.
I'm going to go in this way.
There's nobody's going to go bad.
Go bring your baseball.
You do always.
I'm going to go with Sputia head and a toilet in the car.
The spirit of my life is coming.
I'm going to go slow.
I'm going to go slow.
I'm going to go slow.
10.09.
5.60.
He just gets better and better.
We have a Josh Cordis has his first bit today about him.
He'll be playing it shortly.
He will be playing it for 20 or 30 times.
Let's get out of the way.
Get out of the way.
Good mood and put a smile on your face.
A once-time suicide bombing today at a restaurant on an Iraqi military base killed 23 Iraqi soldiers
wounded 23 other people, mostly soldiers, police said.
That's it for that.
We don't want to put any bad news out there on here because the government might not like
it.
And another dead guy.
I don't know who this guy is, but somebody knows he probably does.
Lane Smith, a long-time character, who played a small town district attorney who crossed
words with Joe Pesci in my cousin Vinny, died Monday, he was 69.
Word traveled slow, I guess, because they just put that up this morning.
Smith also played Richard Nixon in the TV movie The Final Days and Daily Planet Editor
Perry White in Loison Clark.
The new adventures are Superman.
Died in his home in LA, according to his wife Debbie Benedict Smith.
Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Smith appeared in numerous films and television shows.
Most recently he appeared in the 2000 movie The Legend of Bagger Vance, starring Will Smith
and Matt Damon.
Ooh!
What?
The Legend of Bagger Vance in your pants makes some lot of dance.
It's a golfing movie, you know.
Take a chance, it is.
Get outta here.
Bites a golfing movie?
Yeah, Will Smith is the caddy.
No, no.
But he's got lots of wisdom, you know, to share.
Oh, I see.
Something racial thing to me.
Lane Smith also appeared in the original stage production of Glenn Gary Glenn Ross.
You fairy.
And the revival of One Flew Over the Coo-Coo's Nest.
Film credits include The Distinguished Gentlemen, Son-in-law, The Mighty Ducks, and The
High-Load Country.
Besides his wife, he survived well with nobody cares about it.
So there he goes.
I'm sorry.
I looked him up, I see what he looks like now.
Yeah, I know who he is.
You know who he is?
Character, I've read a whole bunch of stuff.
Well, that's what I just got through saying.
It was a character.
Actor.
Got a lot of people who are a character.
Don't know the rest.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday.
We sneak in that poll for Jim and Timber Pines about the worst sportscaster.
And what a shock.
I really am shocked that the...
Who'd they do it?
They'd do it.
They'd do it.
They'd do it.
They'd do it.
And he's going to accuse me.
Well, you're a clicker.
Well, I mean, I never in my wildest dreams, especially with a stiff competition, Todd,
he could win that poll, but he did.
What one TV showed today that sounded a universe we asked yesterday?
And I'm going to fairly please with the result.
1555 votes.
Not that makes any difference whether I'm pleased or not, but I mean, so when we'd
after the break, we'll like to run down to 85,000 shows on there, then it'll be Tampa
to Marlon game.
That's right.
No mode today.
We got the Marlon's on deck at 145, an early exit today.
Yeah, that's here.
Marlon's at the Cubs, 220, and then Jim Mandler.
The Mad Dogs got a tough afternoon.
What are they bringing him in there for like an hour and a half?
Can you believe that?
What?
High price guy like Jim Mandler's comes in for an hour and a half after the ballgame.
What?
Any rate?
5, 3, 2, 7, and then Gildey's 7 to 10.
Now I see why they're bringing the Mad Dog in.
We've got to have something in there, and then the 80K at 10 o'clock.
So there you go.
Marlon's had a rough night.
Was he eating nothing to final last night or was it worse than that?
Believe it was nine, nothing.
Nine, nothing.
Well, can't win them all.
Anyway, let's do the break, and then we're going to give you a 14 to nothing.
I beg your pardon?
It was 14 to nothing.
14 to nothing.
No, come on.
Yeah, you're just making that up.
No, I stopped watching and I just looked at it.
It ended up 14 enough.
Now did Al Leiter pitching this game at all?
That'll be Josh Beckett.
Oh, Josh Beckett?
He got another blister.
That is bad.
Oh, he got a blister from a sister?
Probably need a P on it again to make it better.
Well, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Well, he'll probably be when you run to the T room, there'll probably be at the urinal
number two.
10, 13 at 5, 60, WQN.
Are you racing fans?
Since that's what Hank and I, we always wanted to talk about.
Would you stop us from doing that, please?
All right.
Be happy.
No, start screaming.
Make a guttable sound.
Don't get it wrong.
Because nobody cares about that except us old Jews.
Who's going to give Ricky a ball?
We're Josh, close up.
You think he's a man.
Can we think anything that happened before you saved him?
No.
Before sex, we'll begin your new thing.
And before him, we'll hit him again.
We'll keep going outside.
And open him up.
And open him up.
We're Josh, close up.
You think he's a man.
Brother, 298, we never heard the shot before.
Or a shot, can we prefer to save him?
Can we wish him a full warrant?
Please, let's go and vote for him.
We'll go ahead.
We'll attack him.
Yeah.
We're Josh, close up.
You think he's a man.
We're Josh, close up.
You think he's a man.
163, I never heard this before.
What is it?
Man, he's got you down.
What is it?
Yeah, exactly, 10.19 a.m. happy Wednesday to you.
We're pretty pumped here because we got that 15 minutes early at the end.
And even with like 15 seconds, we'll take it, you know?
Not that we're lazy or we're trying to like slack off.
Yes, we are.
In fact, we'd like to have like a special pregame because it's a really field man just to set the scene.
You know, the atmosphere, the aroma, the ambiance.
I feel fly.
It's up there.
We can do the pregame.
Now listen, before we do the poll result, I lied.
I said I was going to do that right away.
I just found this story, a very movie interesting thing.
Okay.
University of Utah and LSD hospitals would be among the 20,
LDS, did I say LDS?
Oh, sorry.
They're going to be in the 20th.
40th.
The University of Utah and LDS hospitals would be among the 20 trauma centers in the nation
that will test a new synthetic blood.
Trauma patients will be selected to random and given the product polyheme by emergency workers
in West Valley cities.
This is in Utah, Salt Lake City in Sandy and by medical helicopter crews.
36 patients from Utah may be enrolled in the study that eventually had 720 participants nationwide.
A synthetic blood is something we've been waiting for for years said Van Summers,
chief of the West Valley City Fire Department.
When patients in traumatic situations lose a lot of blood emergency personnel can give them a salient solution to offset the laws,
but those solutions don't transport oxygen throughout the body as blood does.
Polyheme has a hemoglobin base and can transport oxygen.
All right.
Something that's compatible to all patients no matter what blood type they have,
it can be transported to the ceiling given almost immediately.
How do you like that?
That's pretty revolutionary in it.
That's exciting news.
See something good so maybe we can set it to a rack for all those dead people.
Right.
We don't have to have those pain in the ass blood mobiles everywhere now.
Right.
What one TV show did they do?
Never miss.
We asked yesterday.
None of them.
There's nothing that good on there that we don't never watch it.
Whatever.
255.
That was one hands down.
24 had 121.
We better watch that.
Now what is that?
I'm going to watch it.
It's like a terrorism, anti-terrorism task force.
It's got key for Subalignin who I know.
Oh, I passed.
All right.
I don't like him.
I know you don't.
He just gives me the willies.
The Wattville Show 102.
So Pano's 99.
The She-o 92.
60 minutes 83.
Oh, there's so many here.
The Simpsons 81.
Deadwood 70.
South Park 64.
CSI 49.
Dave Shapel Show 49.
Just called Shapel Show, right?
Lost 48.
Desperate Housewives 47.
The Family Guy 45.
Law and Order 44.
Jeopardy 43.
Oh, man.
Oh, that 70 show 31.
Really bad.
That'll start Galactic 29.
Smallville 27.
I mean, Judge Judy 22.
When, and how about all her 85 other
car judge shows, the other imitators?
No, they don't, they're not bad.
Cops 18.
The guiding, guiding light 14.
I think if I played my cards right, I could find a CBS affiliate in the
stront right now.
The OC 13 that today show 12.
Wheel of Tortured 12.
The price is right 11.
Old Bob Barker.
He's still going strong.
He just turned 115.
The McLaughlin Group 9.
Bye, Bob.
Bye, bye.
Good morning, America 7.
I, I, I, when I do find that show, like on a Sunday morning, I
only watch it just so we get to the end there just to hear him.
Bye, bye.
I didn't play that yesterday.
Maybe I'll play today.
Good morning, America 7 really blows.
The YR7 ER6.
America's most wanted with our boy John Wall 6.
He does a good job, John Wall.
Yeah, I like him.
He's all right.
Young and a wrestler 6.
Mad TV 6.
Passion 6.
Which it's about time that Beth and, uh, old, uh, Mrs. Wallis got out of the closet.
Traitor Park Boys 5.
NBC Dateline 5.
American Justice for American Justice.
Excuse me, Bill Curtis.
I'm so sorry.
I'm American Justice for 7.
Heaven 3.
Blind Justice 2.
The first 482.
And A&E biography none.
What about, um, what's the, uh, cold case files on A&E?
That's another show we didn't put on there.
And we're also getting none.
You know what I say?
I've seen it.
See, that's so much better than the ones that they have those fiction-wise ones.
No, it's like for real, right?
Huh?
They're probably, they don't want to see none for A&E biography.
That really frosted my ass.
In fact, you know something?
I'm going to put it on there right now.
There's a real A&E audience.
We have every single room.
There's tables.
You guys can ask my own.
See, if you can put on.
My mother was so happy.
Then Eritre showed up with a bundle of money.
Say, perfect, Roscoe.
A little esponial there in the background.
That's excellent for the social audience.
Nice going.
A&E biography.
Some of your people out there, man.
Your taste is in your tush.
In your tushy.
Okay, we sneak this pool in there for Jim and Pemberpines.
And I'm sorry that it took me so many months to stick this in there.
And I put just about every sportscaster in town.
I could think of on the pool.
So don't give me a song then.
So you left out.
No, I didn't.
Who is the worst sportscaster in South Florida?
I don't give a crap about any of them.
45.
I often say crap.
It's a Joyce.
I don't give a Joyce about any of them.
45.
That was Georgia's choice.
Because he's just in Mr. Millerton's anti-sports.
He has an acicrap.
Moe Howard David, a dough one.
Nice going.
No, no, no, no, no.
May not have any show today.
But you still managed to get the top billing.
27.
The crotch, 22.
So we'll edge down the crotch.
22 for the crotch.
Lenny Martez, 18.
I mean, I'll tell you one thing.
When you get like voted worse than the crotch and Lenny Martez, that just tells you that they hate you like.
As nothing new with your ability is for a sportscaster.
It has to do with the fact that they just despise you.
I know it's my train monkeys.
O.J. McDuffie, 11.
Hank Goldberg, 11.
The hopper got 11 votes.
Mr. and Upper.
I've done a bastard 10.
And Joseph Gackie, 10.
Dave Van Boring, 8.
Roxy Bernstein, 5.
Yeldie 5, Rich Walts had 5.
I think Rich Walts doesn't get more because they don't know who he is.
Who?
Exactly.
Jim Berry 4.
Hey, Jim.
You're fairie.
A Steve Shapiro 3, Jimmy Cephalo 2.
Curtis Stevenson had one.
Rob Burke had one.
Who the hell's Rob Burke?
Oh, that was on Jim's list.
I don't even know who that is.
You know what it is?
No.
No.
Rob Burke.
Well, he must be something.
And then no votes.
This is what you were hoping for.
You hope to get no votes in this poll.
See, most polls, you'll have to get the great number of votes.
On this one, the less votes, you get the more they like you.
No votes for Trice Stratford.
Nice going Troy.
My boy Troy.
And he's a cave.
Eric Reed.
He talks to his teeth.
Man dogs.
Oh, right.
No, the big old.
Oh, head nun.
That's really rock solid.
And the Joe Rose.
The other dog had none.
I don't have almost two other votes.
We sneak that intermediate poll in there.
I like that.
A whole bunch of people didn't get any of it.
But people in the audience must be in a good mood, you know what?
I guess.
The man is shocking.
Okay, now, our regga.
Let's see, Beated Curtain is Ashley.
I haven't looked at Ashley yet.
But she sure doesn't mean chinball.
I'll tell you that she's got a nose for Oh, yeah.
It's not down.
Holy moly.
She is nasty looking.
But anyway, there's Ashley.
And you'll take what you can get.
Because in a few days, the 23rd, that will be no more.
No more of that stuff.
And praise to God and say a prayer that my conjecture will have the ability and strength to moonwalk his way to justice.
It is my hope that Michael not suffer.
The complication of condonation, the agonization of accusation.
The insporation without the intimidation.
Let us instead implement rationalization, not segregation for reconciliation and re-examination.
And we are bound with a reconsideration for the violentation.
A classification of pre-p�tacent correlation and misappropriation to monetation for Michael.
I will answer your questions now.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
What did you say?
Exactly.
1032 and we got 139 votes on the poll.
Best vacation city in the world.
A period of vacation time.
It's like almost summertime in a few days.
And just about everybody but in a brother, if they haven't already gone on your summertime vacation, this is a little primer for you.
We do this every year, I guess, right?
I guess.
And this is your opinion.
Of course, if you ever been anywhere, well, just dummy up.
Best vacation city in the world is.
In other words, if you were to recommend just one place you were going to go, what would it be?
I voted for Rome.
A Rome.
A Rome.
That's my choice.
Rome.
I thought I was going to vote for Amsterdam, didn't you?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
Because Rome, the food is the best.
And the sights to see are the best.
I mean, cheese.
Just walk around there, and like even just ordinary buildings that are like 2000 years old, you think, holy crap.
This is unbelievable.
Not to mention the forum and the Colosseum and the Spanish steps and the wedding cake and all of these things.
But anyway, best vacation city in the world is so far.
We got 139 votes.
Honolulu 35.
Nothing wrong with that.
Except it is so crowded.
But that's okay.
New York 27.
Amsterdam 24.
Yeah, if you had ever been there before, if you have been there, don't go.
Rome 15.
Paris 11.
Chicago 11.
Florence 15.
A really crowded.
Oh, man.
Hey, I got this great restaurant in Florence for you if you like coming for eggs.
LA 4.
Boston 3.
Cologne 2.
And Berlin has got none.
Now, why does Berlin have none so far?
Are you people crazy or what?
What a great city.
What a beautiful city with lots to see and fantastic food and fantastic beautiful people.
And just modern and glistening.
After we bond the crap out of them and the WDW2, they had to rebuild a lot of those cities, you know.
Like Berlin.
You want to hear something that's going to really frost your ass?
All right, if I list.
No, seriously, I was talking yesterday about this anti-lensing vote and how I wish I would have had the names of the 20 senators refused to find.
And now I realize why?
Why?
Senate Majority Leader Bill Fist, right wing fanatic of Tennessee, refused repeated requests for a role call vote that would have put senators on record on that resolution of apologizing for past failures to our lynching laws.
Officials involved in negotiation said yesterday.
And there was disagreement yesterday over whether Saxby Chandler, one of Georgia's two Republican senators, had supported the measure when it was approved Monday night.
As dozens of the Senate's of lynching victims watched from the Senate gallery, the resolution was adopted Monday evening under a voice vote procedure that didn't require any senators presence.
80 senators, however, had signed his co-sponsors, putting themselves on record as supporting the resolution by the time the Senate recessed to the evening, five other senators had added their names as co-sponsors, leaving 15 all Republicans who had not.
Georgia Republican Senator Johnny Isaacson was among the 80 sponsors listed Monday night.
Chameless name was added to list the co-sponsors after the resolution was adopted according to the Congressional Record, but his office said he had signed out of the bill as a co-sponsor before Monday's vote.
The resolution was adopted under what is called unanimous consent, where it's adopted as long as no senator expresses opposition.
But the group that was the driving force behind the resolution had asked Frist for a formal procedure that would require all 100 senators to vote, and the group had asked that the debate take place during business hours during the week instead of a Monday night when more senators were traveling back to the Capitol.
Frist declined both requests. The group chief's council, Chief Council Mark Planning said last night.
It's very disappointing that Frist handled a matter of the way he did planning said other groups have gotten rule called votes, so there was nothing new to this, nothing different that we were asking for.
Bob Stevenson, Frist chief spokesman said last night the procedure the majority of leader established was requested by the sponsors.
The chief sponsors of the resolution senators Mary Landr, Democrat Louisiana and Georgia Allen and Republican Virginia disputed that assertion and said that it was just a pack of lies.
Landr said Monday before the resolution was adopted she would have preferred a rule called vote, but had to accept the condition set by Senate leaders.
When Stevenson was informed of Landr's statement he admitted his comments to say at least one of the sponsors had requested an option to earn a voice vote and a combination with the resolution related to Black History Month.
Alan Press Secretary David Snep took issue with Stevenson. I don't know why Bob Stevenson would characterize it that way. He said Snepson Allen since agreeing to sponsor the resolution had insisted that he prefer a rule called vote.
So in other words from this Shmendrick and other pack of lies.
Planning agreed that Landr and Allen made every effort to have the resolution debated during the day when it would attract the most attention from the public and with a formal rule call of the senators.
We were very perplexed that Frist would not agree to that planning said good old boy Bill Frist, good old Red Neki boy from Tennessee Bill Fist.
Jan Cohen, the wife of former Defense Secretary William Cohen, and one of the key figures in the committee for a formal apology expressed outrage over lack of a rule called vote.
America is the home of the brave, but I'm afraid there may be a few cowards who have to cover in their very narrow minded and backward hateful constituency cool until they be seen.
We're hiding out and it's reminiscent of a pattern of hiding out under a hood in the night riding past scaring people like with a big appointed hat on and robes and stuff like that.
How do you like that for another?
A act of lie.
Is that something or what? Now we know why we don't have the names.
I wondered about that.
Night Disgusting and Grotesque.
This is 2005 and there were a bunch of 15 Republican senators who didn't want to be identified because they didn't sign a resolution for anti-lynching resolution.
Yeah, we're tired of you yanky Jew boys till it is what.
Oh my goodness.
Give me a break. And of course, Jojo.
What about it? We talked about that a minute time. Jojo, Jojo is still in the past.
Night MSN to be in Alabama and Louisiana.
Alabama and Marylanders from Louisiana but nevertheless.
Speaking of race.
An overnight Gallup poll released yesterday shows that 48% of Americans disagree with the verdicts clearing pop star Michael Jackson of all charges within the molesting case.
And only 34% agree.
And they are split along a major racial divide.
I don't get it.
How can he be a racial thing?
I mean, he's a racial thing.
He's almost as white as you are.
Almost.
White's disagree with the verdict by about 2 to 1, 54 to 28% while non-wice take the opposite view by 2 to 1, 56 to 26% more than 2 to 1.
This recalls the O.J. Simpson verdict in 95 when white's disagreed with him getting off by 62 to 27% while non-white supported by 67 to 24%.
A clear majority or 62% clear majority.
You fair.
Believe that Jackson's celebrity status was a major factor in the verdict.
Nearly half said they were surprised by the verdict, with 24% saying they were outraged, peered and fired up.
How do you like that?
I haven't played that drop in in a long time, you know.
It stops. It gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
All right.
Exactly one in four said they were still a fan of the singer.
Almost as many said they were one's fans but no moss.
Pumas.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he put out some good music a long time ago.
And the Jackson five, they put out some good music a long, long time ago and you know what?
Hubmall and Drear, the hell with them.
They just make me nauseous.
But then again there's some other slime balls out there selling records, right?
Sure.
Big R Kelly, big pedophile.
A lax.
Yeah.
And a whole bunch of other people that are like fairly unsavory.
In fact, two pack was like selling records like crazy even when he's dead.
Well, so is Elvis.
But I mean, different story.
Anyway, there you go.
I got a great story about Arnold.
I just got so much stuff here today.
Now, if you want to add some cities to our pool, that's fine.
But I'm a man on a mission today.
Especially since we got such a short show.
We got 50 minutes chopped off there at the end.
Do you think we ought to like protest about that?
No.
About Vegas for the pool.
Lost Vegas.
There you go.
Of course.
How could we forget Lost Vegas, see?
And Josh wants to go there desperately so he can play the slots.
But he missed his mate trip to Vegas this year.
So he's going to Vancouver.
He's taking the smolest and big fat ones.
And I'd have to worry about getting busted.
I hear that it is just absolutely magnificent out there in the BC.
Right.
Heard nothing but good things.
And don't be thinking no BC powder up there either.
1040, 20, 411 and 560 WQA.
And don't forget Marlon Pregame.
145 this afternoon.
We're counting the minutes.
We're counting the seconds.
It's going to be great in the sunshine soon.
Fantastic.
Absolutely.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's be cosy zero baby.
And I cannot feel my toes.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride with parts of roast.
Oh my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have to take my thoughts.
All right.
So let's be cosy zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth forever.
I'm a red hat like this lover.
But first I need to be born out.
Yes I need to be born out.
That's because it's evil.
I said freedom.
Oh yeah.
10.47.
A lot of her happened to my close personal friend and Riki.
You don't hear too much about her no more.
All he's busy, isn't he?
I don't know.
I would imagine if I looked like that I'd be busy.
169 votes on a pool and a bad news for Josh is Vegas's God.
Oh!
No, what's that all about?
I put it on there.
A few minutes ago I thought the second you said that,
I was zooming up toward the top.
It will.
I mean what is with you people?
Well maybe they just don't have anybody to gamble.
No more, you know.
Things are kind of tough these days.
There's lots of Vegas outside of gambling.
Right.
You can go see all the shows.
You can go eat them nice tip of face.
Well there's a lot more to do than that.
Also they got them hookers.
They got all kinds of hookers.
They got all kinds of night life and the day life and morning life and real life.
People, right?
Right?
It's a fun place.
They got those rising fall off and get killed on.
169 votes on a Lulu 41, New York 31.
And today I'm has got...
BOT THIRD MAN!
Rome 17, which is my opinion strongly, I would urge you very seriously if you'd never been to the...
To Rome please.
The eternal city.
Or you can go to the infernal city.
Chicago's got 14.
Paris 13.
Ferenza, Florence 10.
Boston 5.
Nothing wrong with Boston.
You guys are both like it and you've never been there.
I'd love to go to Boston.
The food is sensational.
There's a lot of stuff.
There's a lot of stuff.
You can go to the pool, the beer house, you can go to the Quincy Market and have some clam strips and chowda and a fanguille hall and just a beautiful place.
Not like he used to be though.
Los Angeles 5.
Cologne, Germany 2.
Berlin, finally got one.
Vegas is still got the big city like that.
Better take a few calls, otherwise like I said I've got a very busy agenda here today.
Because we're less than three hours away from the pregame show.
How do you like that?
Oh!
That sounds good to me.
How many QAM, hello?
Yes sir.
I like to speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Oh yeah.
You know, a large percentage of those lynchings were perpetrated by black mobs on other blacks.
No they weren't.
They chained?
No they weren't.
How many QAM, hello?
Hey Neil, good morning.
Yes sir.
Have you heard or read anything about Donald Trump backing up Charlie Chris?
I don't know.
No.
Have you heard anything about that?
Hey Charlie Chris, you're fair.
Okay, let me have one more sitting, Neil.
Go ahead.
Albuquerque?
Yeah right.
Okay.
Sounds a little jerky, Albuquerque right?
Hey that's two good calls in a row.
Like I said I got a big pile.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60.
In fact, like I told you that first guy was like 175 years old.
We're going to come and let you roll that.
How do you like that sir?
We're going to even take away your bag.
Hmm.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, one for the poll.
Yes sir.
My am is really Chris.
Oh get out of here.
So that's three in a row.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I can't believe you think Boston's a...
That's why?
They roll up the sidewalks at 9 o'clock.
Oh they're a measure for?
I don't know if they're a measure for.
I don't know if they're a measure for.
I don't know if they're a measure for.
I think they closed the last strip bar at Boston a couple of years ago.
Yeah, good up there man.
I wouldn't go back there for all the T and China.
I think it's one of the most miserable cities in the United States.
And the weather's getting worse through every year.
You notice that?
Yes.
I mean it's like man.
The man of all the New Yorkers.
Yes, today.
It was 56 in Boston.
Unbelievable.
Like I said it sucks.
Why?
They're not going back.
Okay thanks.
He's right.
He used to be growling.
That's all my memories.
You know?
I lived there in 60 and 61.
I counted wealth out of it in the back bay.
And it was great.
The restaurants that are all gone, they were really fantastic.
In addition to which all those Italian restaurants
and the end of Boston people rave about.
Many of them are pretty mediocre at best.
I think many of them are in those.
I've tried different ones.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll tell you that.
So the guys just stay away from Boston.
But even so, if you've never been there, it's okay.
But it's a shadow of its former self.
Like a lot of other cities.
Name me one city.
Let's see.
Chicago.
And I don't care what anybody says in New York.
I mean without all the perversion and time square and a lot of the fun.
It's just like Disney World North.
I don't care who needs it.
But LA is a nightmare at the jungle.
Chicago is about the only city I can think of.
Big city that is great today as it was like 20, 30 years ago.
I mean Detroit.
You should all want to go there.
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon.
I just don't hear it.
Never been there.
Bad.
I bit of it.
And it was nice.
And you're nothing bad about Seattle.
But then again, when you think of big major metropolitan, Philadelphia.
It hadn't been there in a long time.
I don't know.
I couldn't get it.
All I know is that was a very, it lived up to its name.
It was a very filthy city.
Man, it was just what's everywhere.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about I got one for your poll?
Yeah.
Yeah, how about cracker field?
What is it?
Cracker field.
Oh cracker field.
Go back home.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk about our city.
I said, is the worst city or the best city?
This is the best vacation city in the world.
No, no, it's not.
Maybe city.
Go ahead.
Rochester.
Get out of here.
That's too late for the lilacs.
You lose.
These people just have, I don't know why this is going on.
Because all the people in North are good cities.
They're out of town.
Yeah, they're there.
They're there.
They're out of town.
They're having a good time.
These people are just left behind.
I think Geneva would be good for you, sir.
Okay.
Geneva ain't too bad this time of the year.
Wow.
Let's see.
What does this say here?
Oh, 15 Republicans.
Here's the list.
Thank you so much, Fred.
Here are the final 15 senators could still
co-sponsor after the fact that they choose to.
Obviously they don't want to.
The anti-linching, the bill that will apologize for the,
and the anti-linching thing.
Lamar Alexander.
Tennessee.
Another Yahoo.
They're all Yahoo's.
Bob Bennett of Utah.
Fat talker in Mississippi.
John Corne in Texas.
Michael Krakow of Idaho.
His name is...
They say our APO.
Call him Krakow.
Michael Enzi of Wyoming.
Chuck Graschley of Iowa.
Shame on him.
He should know better.
Judd Greg of New Hampshire.
Never trust a guy named Greg because he always gives you a pack of life.
Or in hatch of Utah, the Unshed Trent Loft,
the cheerleader from Mississippi.
Lisa Murkowski of Arkansas.
Richard Shelby of Alabama.
We see him.
John Sanoonu of New Hampshire.
Craig Thomas of Wyoming.
And George Voindovitz of Ohio.
Now why would that be?
Well, maybe he just don't want to get lynched.
For that thing with Bolton, you know.
I just don't understand.
I don't get it.
For your notice, all Republicans and mostly from the deep south.
Must be just the coincidence.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Listen, my brother lived here for a couple of years.
I think for attractions and things to do for a collective taste,
San Diego is pretty good.
San Diego, I hear that...
What's his name, Mr. Plader?
Thank you for the chargers.
What's that was his name?
Kellen Winslow?
Kellen Winslow Senior.
You know, I was so aggravated with that that I looked it up and of course you are right.
But I mean, I looked it up on the internet and I just...
I don't know what it is.
It makes me...
I was just positive in place for the 49ers.
I don't know why.
I could even envision him in the uniform, the whole deal, but he's just...
I don't know.
Well, you're all farmers kicking.
Yeah, that's right.
5667-0560, Pound 560, and they were...
Listen, when you see as much football as I have, when you've forgotten as much.
And if I ever remember, that would be dangerous.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, a city for the poll, please.
Yeah.
What's the loan?
A beautiful...
You've been there?
Oh, yeah.
Beautiful people, the food is incredible, the oceans right there, architecture, renaming it,
and in the United States, Seattle, definitely.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there's a guy that actually had something to say.
Seattle and Barcelona.
Well, you wouldn't like it because they speak with that Barcelona.
They do that in the grid too.
I'll find a way to adjust.
Muchis Grafie say things.
And you look at them and you go, you're fair.
Like a cone.
And then they throw something at you.
And actually, Madrid was okay.
I haven't gotten to Barcelona yet.
I was supposed to go there this year.
What I had heard is that Barcelona is all, you know, for tourists and partying in Madrid is like business-y.
Yeah, Madrid is like business-y, like Milan is in Italy as a place you don't want to go because it's like in New York.
They say, unless you're one of those artsy parts, you're fair.
Really, I hadn't.
I'm friend that went to Madrid and he said it was the best place he's ever been in his life.
Oh, Madrid, like I said, I enjoyed Madrid.
I thought it was very good.
The food was good and the people are just beautiful.
But from the architecture standpoint, it's like all white buildings.
You know, just very big white buildings I thought from what I saw.
But it was fine.
I had no problem with Madrid.
And Barcelona, they say it's even better.
They say like that.
And they keep speaking that way and speaking that way.
And then they go to Ibiza.
They go to Ibiza.
That's right.
Everybody goes over there and gets weighed.
10.56 in Q.A.M.
I'm not a feeding killer.
145.
Oh my God.
She weighed it.
This is the Neorodger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
This here is really hard.
Your poster child perhaps turned into.
And I'm proud to present to you the brain thing.
If you don't want to mind having sex with a meal, I suggest you check out the comedy
antics of the brain thing, boys and girls.
I'm a little T-Colton and I want to have sex with you.
Hold it right there, girl.
I want to contraceptive.
Juffie Jesus didn't use contraceptive.
That would be as soon.
That's called to our knees and worship middle-aged white man.
You know what's best for us.
You mean bush oilists?
Take me.
There it is.
Wow.
Is that your fan drawing your pants?
Sure.
There you have it boys and girls.
A passing relation for the politically immature.
Don't miss the ring thing.
L into a small town shit that's out there.
You.
And just when you thought I was all over about Terry and her, here's the autosy result.
The dermatology examined her cardiac tissue.
Yeah.
The genetic test.
For cardiac eye on channel mutations was performed by Famillian in New Haven, Connecticut.
If it didn't glaze it down.
Markers for long QT syndrome.
Cube.
Complete toxicology testing was also performed.
Cube.
But a vitrious humor chemistry was examined.
Cube.
Court, medical and other records, including public and confidential department of children's
family, children and family's records and law enforcement documents were reviewed as part of the death investigation.
Cube.
Now certain issues have repeatedly surfaced during this investigation.
Cube.
These issues have been presented to the department of children and families in the past, law enforcement,
and have been presented in the media.
Cube.
I will attempt to address these issues here.
But I have covered them in greater detail in the documents you have received today.
Cube.
I have also included references from appropriate medical literature as part of your packet.
Cube.
First, what was the cause of Teresa Shivoh's collapse in 1990?
Did she suffer from an eating disorder?
Cube.
Mrs. Shivoh was heavy as a teenager and I'm not sure he did lose over 100 pounds.
Cube.
No one observed Mrs. Shivoh taking diet pills, binging and purging or consuming laxatives.
Cube.
And she apparently never confessed to her family or friends about having an eating disorder.
Cube.
And furthermore, many other signs and symptoms of bulimium nervosa were not reported to be present.
Cube.
After her resuscitation from her initial cardiac arrest, the first blood draw at Humana Hospital
Northside, which was her admitting hospital, showed a low potassium level.
Several other blood components were reported at normal levels.
Cube.
Her low potassium level and the eating disorder it appeared to indicate were the focus of a
malpractice suit filed by her husband.
Witnesses at trial at the malpractice trial offered no testimony to witness purging and experts.
All three of them say that bulimium nervosa offered other possibilities for the low potassium level.
Both planets and the fennet in the malpractice trial generally accepted the theory that her low
potassium level was due to bulimium nervosa and therefore during the trial, the veracity
of this diagnosis.
And this is of non-reunable.
Cube.
But for a low potassium level appears to have been reported to Shazium that she had eating disorder.
What causes hypokalemia or low potassium?
Mrs. Shival was near death and critical for over one hour to prior to that initial blood
sampling.
This blood sampling showed a potassium level of 2.0 millimoles per liter, while normal is
3.5 to 5.
She received approximately 1,250 CCs over, you know what I'm going to say to her?
I give up.
Demana.
A draw.
She received 5 doses of epinephrine and suffered a...
I can't handle this.
I'll just get to summary when it's on the website.
Okay.
This is the autopsy report on theory, Shival and her.
But I thought if I put it on here, we might learn something.
I mean, we could put it on right to the ballgame comes down, but that would be happening
when we left listening.
It is just a little bit too...
It's like I said way much too upon it.
More importantly though, NTV is showing Jessica Simpson in a very scanty bikini watching
the car.
Well, there you go.
TV for the Duke's A Hazard movie.
Okay.
So if I see him a little distracted, it's because...
How is she doing with her?
She's up.
Oh, here's a fact from the BS.
Oh, I see like that.
This is a cantine in my name, but New Orleans is a great vacation spot.
In addition, how does Fox News never get away with reporting Nadi and Natalie Holloway's
death confirming it and then unconfirming it?
And then the bottom of this is a missing.
They something.
Do you see that?
Yeah, that's okay.
Well, whatever.
Okay, so New Orleans, you got that?
Oh, not for me, not for this.
No.
Just go there and get the drunken.
Have a great weekend on Bourbon Street, man.
Bourbon Street.
Right.
Here's one that says, best say to live, vacation, survive.
Victoria British Columbia.
A beautiful, great restaurant, history, a maculath downtown that thrives with nightlife,
with friendly people, average temperature, never colder than 45, never warmer than the low 80s.
Have been there several times, they'll retire there soon after I'm sprung from this hellhole, meaning soft food obviously.
May a mom's cool, fabulous, you should go awesome.
I had to get to be average.
Nothing but great things about Victoria BCA.
Oh, okay.
So let's get it on there right away.
Vegas can't even vote yet.
Oh, yeah, see, I told you.
19.
How did that happen?
I worked away for a second.
All of a sudden Vegas went swimming out there.
I'm only distracted by that press conference.
Oh, is that what it was?
Phil or supplement containing caffeine was considered.
Oh, tea drinking may have caused the collapse.
How do you like that?
The common term heart attack is generally reserved to describe the medical condition of my heart.
I thought it was good for it.
That's what my buddy always used to say.
How about a glazolatine?
A glazolatine?
No.
Good.
Honolulu 48, Amsterdam 37.
The best vacation city in the world.
We're trying to get a little helpful information here today, folks.
Before we do that, so George and Josh both got their flavor wave ovens or deluxe, which I use mine every day.
I love it.
Josh has used it because he went out to dinner with a very nice young lady last night.
Yes, I did.
And I see I know it.
He got laid.
And this is George, of course.
I'm a big friend.
Yes, I did.
Well, there you go.
Let's hear it.
That's why he's got his own pit now, finally.
And the other thing was George took his home.
He did not get laid, but his wife enjoyed it very much.
The flavor word that is.
Yeah, the other.
But anyway, you're liking it.
So George likes it a lot.
Yeah.
And the other thing.
And she made a roast.
A roast.
As a matter of fact, she went out and bought one special because that's what I was kind of...
Well, that's great.
It's a nice potato surrounded.
There were like pespiani outside and like just the right consistency on the inside.
I mean, I don't really care if anybody buys one or not.
I'm not getting paid to pedal.
It's not like a sponsor, but it's just when you find something that good.
I use my every single day of my life.
Anyway, New York 38 is second on Lulu.
Amsterdam 37 Vegas 21.
Vegas is zoomed up to which we knew.
Rome 21.
Paris 18.
Chicago 16.
Florence.
Ferenza Italy 13.
Just a beautiful place.
Boston 8.
LA 7.
Cologne 3.
Berlin 1.
None yet for these just went on.
Victoria BC, Nualins, Marta Lona and Tendi Ago at a 233 vote.
That's what we got so far.
What was the bone scan performed?
And what did the result?
The evidence of strangulation was found.
You see that?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, this guy has taken like 80 million words to say what he could have said like in about the ten cents.
The camera is running.
It's his moment.
His name is John Fog Martin, by the way.
He's the medical examiner.
He's the one that inspected her.
Shee-o-b.
WQAM, hello.
Two things.
I like Wunden and Kate.
Can you put a Brontosaurus burger in the flavor wave?
Astrid, he'll tell you.
That's cute.
Wunden.
Too many are British for me.
Wunden.
We'll put it on her.
I'll bet you.
See, a lot of Americans, if they go to Europe, they go to London because they know that people think that people speak English there.
Right.
Then they hear them talking.
They say, what are they saying?
What are they talking?
What language are they speaking?
Well, I'll reach in my skyrocket.
That's the American-
He's the updated bridge.
Anyway, here's that Arnold story that just deticles my fancy.
And by the way, speaking for the passion-fewers, what kind of a name is fancy?
Do you ever know a girl named Fancy?
Not in real life.
No, not for real.
Fancy that.
But then again, passions ain't for real anyway.
Everybody.
The governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger's Richard, was on the monitor, turned into an exercise in perseverance when virtually is every word was accompanied by cat calls, holes, and piercing whistles from the crowd.
Oh, Raxlin!
Schwarzenegger's face appeared to redden during his 15-minute commencement address yesterday the 600 graduates at Santa Monica College, but he ignored the shouting as he recalled his days as a student, and later his work as a bodybuilder and actor.
Always go out and overcome your fears, he told the graduates, work, work, work, study, study, study, and soon you'll be as articulate as he is.
Inside the stadium, the drone from hundreds of rowdy protesters threatened to drown out the governor's voice at times.
This is great!
Many in the crowd erupted in booze when a police officer pulled on a banner criticizing the estimated $45 million cost of the November 8 Special Lertian that Schwarzenegger proposed on Monday.
The governor is backing three ballot initiatives that call for imposing a cap on state spending, scripting lawmakers of the party to draw their own districts, and increasing the time it takes teachers to gain tenure.
At times during Schwarzenegger's speech, cheers and booze mingled, and the graduates themselves appeared eager to hear the governor.
Many applauded at one point when the noise from the bleachers briefly subsided.
It didn't matter, I just ignored them.
Graduate Ray Lewis, 21 of LA, said when asked about the racket from the protesters, Schwarzenegger's political views down all I had nothing to do with the graduation he said.
Schwarzenegger's been feuding for months with groups he calls special interest, teachers, nurses, other public union employees, which use him of selling out to big business while short-changing education, health care and other programs.
Those groups have hounded Schwarzenegger with his public appearances, which we like a lot.
The special election is a waste of money that you could be using for education in the hospital care.
He's wasting it on his vanity election, said Sue Cannon and Nurse, who was among crowd outside the stadium, hooting and hollering.
A domino radio graph, two active party agrarian.
We don't care, we just want to hear about her.
That's what everybody wants to know.
Did previously mentioned what a cervical spine was.
Shia Rose bones were palpably soft from bone loss, probably that no potassium in calcium, right?
I would have just drank a little milk and had maybe a banana or two or several bananas.
Maybe if she'd had been able to get up there, maybe if she'd had cruised wooden the croak, she'd have gone and visited the area.
You know that there were a bunch of bananas.
Strawberry banana, yogurt.
Maybe if Elvis was still around, he could have shared his peanut butter and anna sandwich and she could have had her potassium, right?
Absolutely.
Very high glycemic level bananas, by the way, all you diabetics down there, put down your banana, please.
It's not good for you.
You have very, very high carbs.
But I want to see that in the kitchen back in that banana and I'm not ice creaming it.
I bet she's got plenty of potassium ice cream.
See? Ice cream?
Jesus.
Man, I better slow down a little bit.
I'm getting a little carried away.
No, seriously, if they would have invented, if hoggendos would have invented banana nut or banana, what's the other one?
Banana is foster that everybody's talking about.
Before she got ill, she might have saved Terry.
She wouldn't have needed that.
She could have just instead of drinking it through a straw, they could have melted into the microwave about two and a half minutes.
And she could have drank her banana nut right through her.
She would.
She got all my potassium if she needed and probably just jumped up out of bed and said, hey, let's party, right?
Let's yogurt smoothie or something.
Right. Too late.
You get a lot of beans.
Hard.
The new Rogers on the sports hall radio, W-A-L.
From the producers of American Idol,
comes a heartwarming collection of favorites inserted by American sweetheart, Terry Shivoh.
I have, of course, he loves to sing.
I'm going to hide myself from you, I'm going to hide myself from you.
I know.
What's up, stuff?
I know.
I know.
Who's going to hide myself?
I know.
I know.
Who's going to hide myself from you?
Look how she's smiling.
Yes, it's Terry Chival, live from room 214.
Please move away from the
from your friend as governor you were getting your usual
a pack of life right and coming to find out that was all bogus
she just that was one banana short
and she's not the only one who's dead by the way
she's not now middle-time Connecticut
shooting outside a superior court building this morning left one person dead at least one other injured authority said
shooting happened about 9.40 am about 20 minutes before court was to convene for the day
the victim was not a court official
court spokeswoman Randa Stealey uh... stewardly herberd said
she said the shooting happened in a parking lot owned by the city
Hillary Stevens they spoke to them for the Connecticut bar association said the group was investigating reports
then attorney was injured in the shooting the court was on partial lockdown
stewardly herberd said meaning people can go to the court house but police are not for anyone to leave
everything's got on hold right now she said
somebody's dead
well there you go a lot of that all that stuff going on inside the court
outside the court room
from the American Joyce and Wade
here's a story that everybody's going to really love
let's do it right now before lunchtime
all eight Kansas ever heard that place no
all eight each e all eight Kansas was that allotty all fits Kansas
high school student who vomited on the Spanish teacher has been charged with better against the school official
there are a lot of people in south Florida they hear that language and they want to puke too
remember that poll we took a while back
and I think that was last week about the sounds that you uh... you are on vacation
remember that Josh yes
the most annoying sounds in a Spanish language I don't remember if a wonderful but it was right up there
it definitely did and we put it on late yeah that's right we put it on late and it went just zooming up it was really great
yeah the mr. meter charge was filed Monday against the allotty northwest high school student all eight
the 17 year old boy was charged as a juvenile the name was not released rich win
an assistant director district attorney said witnesses can call a corroborate the boy intentionally
voted on teacher David young
if convicted the boy likely would face probation when said prosecutors are also seeking an apology
how do you like that
you're seeking an apology i apologize yeah i apologize
you beat me to it
say that
well whatever
anyway i think a message is being said both by the school district and the d.a. that is behavior will not be tolerated young
said the students father said he told me did not mean to throw up on the teacher but you'd mean i've been made
uncontrolled by the stress of final exams
you can do so
right
you could have a school in the fall
if you put on the Spanish teacher will be danged how do you say puke in his annual
buleta i beg your pardon yeah don't don't say that
five six seven oh five sixty i can't believe that we got that ballgame
now realize it doesn't seem on on the face of it it doesn't seem like that 50 minutes should make a dramatic difference
but it does
because you see it's already eleven twenty three
we'll take it if it's thirty six months in two hours it's going to be one twenty three
so like in less than an hour and a half we're out of here do you understand all right that's that's the way
look at the positive way of looking like look what all we accomplished is that you've been on thirty eight
but look at the ballgame coming up with a pregame at one forty five we take the world twice that is correct
how does something up again in the late end of the week you have a high sodium or fault content
no we do cut the crap i think they're high
the many q a m hello
hello yes sir
is it uh... meal sounds like me yeah
uh... well and i'll
love your show absolutely absolutely love it
two things one
four and you're showing you're not there is like a nendotent on the car and jell
i love i love carlos but
it's not quite the same you know i mean
and there's last three shadow thing
you know i really love
your show
you don't make fun of our people that
really didn't have anything to do with
their illness you know that
what does that mean
well i mean we've been playing the terry chavo stuff for ever since they
stuck that to you talking about man
i know but i'm keep on
i just thought i would think you think it bothers her do you think she's upset by
it no question i think that but if it's not
even when she wasn't that she was a permanent vegetative state okay
i know that i have another own hand and that's why i thought it was kind of like
not cool but anyway
not that her own hand you know what i mean
yeah and i want to have that about how i'm killed we played bits about her was
that her fault that she was blind
no but i'm saying this way he was a you know
a normal person so she's
hurting the sort of person
just eating the banana man if she's just eating her whole supper eating her veggies
and stuff she'd probably still be alive today
cut the crap out of here
quick being so depressing quick taking everything so serious
you should be these loves the show
he should always tune in the wrong show for that
we pass along a lot of serious stuff on the show
but we try to like also keep a sense of humor
loves the show just what you do
where we're working
if we never sense a humor
could we possibly be here no no but i will take the checks
the best vacation city in the world it's like we're doing three different shows
here and you know something i i i'm sorry i apologize but i i got a big pile here
man yeah that i'm gonna change the world but they just stuff that needs to be
spewed out when it out i want to spew it out
okay i'm gonna do it do it
the best vacation city in the world is Hanolu 53
Amsterdam 41 New York 41 Vegas 29 is moving up there nicely Josh
although if you go to Vegas you might want to play the slots
Rome 28 Paris 20 Chicago 16 was that Chicago
Florence 13 Boston 10 and everybody else a single digit
LA 7 Barcelona 4 Barthalona
I saw a thing on a one of the travel channels
have a night about Barthalona and man it made me want me to just get on a plane
and go there right now Barthalona
nothing but good thing whoa London 3
Cologne 3 i'll tell you underrated Cologne
Cologne Germany man i'm telling you right now
if you go to Amsterdam if you there are a few days hop on the train
it's only about a little over two hours
in fact if you take a couple of like get a couple newspaper as a magazine
and before you know what you're right there on the ice train the real fast train
okay and Cologne is just fabulous
you mean they have a bullet train like we have here at Florida?
yeah the bullet train that's the one the more we got a Florida the bullet
but we just have the bullet we don't have the train
Cologne 3 Victoria BC's got a pair in the Allens 2
just go there and get drunk and lay down on the street and Bourbon Street
San Diego one in Berlin still Solamente Uno
I don't want to announce two interviews
please guys to see our greatest personnel
A brilliant rush
It takes time to do sports radio fights
to the team
QAM
disgusting pervers
I urge everyone to complain to this station
listen to the sound of John John falling
lay
offering into the scene
you think of a multi-millionaire like KFK
could afford a better play
this day of KFOR time by you
would have told a five third of the cheapest crappy plane that blows
a funny death by heads about the only way
that we have
now head to the only one that's left alive today
from what they call the Kennedy curse
if Dorothy Gilgallin was alive she said
you're up it's only gonna get worse
listen to the sound of John John falling
lay
butter butter butter butter butter
butter butter butter
butter butter butter
butter butter butter butter
butter butter butter
I was going to want to think if we didn't maintain a sense of humor
we'd all be in the looney bin after what they put us through with Terry under his shoe
where that our fat ass governor and a much of other loonetic right-wing crazy people
I'm going to be fed up with all those fetus huggers
and stem cell huggers
and vegetative dead the brain dead people huggers
in fact she could have worked in our sales department you see the result they just showed on air
yeah they said her brain was less than half the size they expected so she easily could have qualified
I hear some facts from Adam who wants to know it says
can you repeat the location and or web address
we can order the flavor wave oven that you enjoy the Josh and George God
and I got actually how many of my bought
four total I would imagine five
one for me and four for gifts
I like that all right five
that's how much I like it and you already understand you already just started using it
yeah anyway I you can buy a whole bunch of places online I bought the ones for you from first street
so you can go to firststreetonline.com
and then just you know I don't want to give the whole web or you can just do a search for flavor wave oven
but the reason I recommend that one is because it's like only 99 bucks
if you buy it like from paying direct it's only 32 bucks
and then they throw in some little Chosky that you'll never use you know
the Miracle Pod
now George says he wishes he had the Miracle Pod
but this is the kind that you're cooking it can't smoke it
okay okay so that's where you get it Adam
just do a quick search flavor wave to Luxor
we ought to be doing spots for them you know and I bet you our crack sales department is right on top of that
aren't they all no I'm sure they're working
huh that's a national thing so I have probably very hard
I'm probably very hard on there is going to be involved in that oh and yeah he's probably walking around with a big bright smile in his face
BSO investigates his spicious package at post office
oh my god
oh no the BSO is investigating a suspicious package
found in an Oakland Park post office around 940 this morning
this is from the Harold website
boy it's a Miracle or the Harold's got anything new can you believe that?
wow
the post office had 3,400 North Andrews Avenue is not being evacuated at this time
and the BS is not releasing any further information at this time
in other words what they what they should have said
not in a real website of what it said the investigation continues right is that what they always say?
something like that
but they're like to be different
now this is a this is the last story I'm going to read about Michael Jackson okay I promise until the next one
I mean you know obviously we talk about Terry and her shoes
disgusting Michael Jackson acquitted but not exonerated this is pretty interesting
I thought maybe I'm wrong but I thought you know what I thought what did you think pretty interesting
Michael Jackson may have been acquitted but if jurors words or anything to go by
he was not exonerated and post-raud comments several hinted in some said bluntly
that they suspect they indeed molested children especially that juror number one has been on TV how many times today already?
about 30 men
faced with instructions to find guilty beyond reasonable doubt though they can see that they had a vote not guilty
something many who followed the case is a victory for the justice system but not necessarily for Jackson 46
who remained hold up at his Neverland Valley Ranch Tuesday
not guilty is not the same as innocence its former set of arbor prosecutor Craig Smith
who followed the trial from the start but our whole system is based on the premise that is better let a guilty man go free
they're convicted innocent man except of course the deep self
Jackson did not speak to his fans but as attorney Thomas what I miss my hair is row may or junior made one thing clear
he'll be far more guarded about whom he lets into it
and I want you to listen to these words okay because it's interesting the way somebody's media types
he's talking into said oh he's not going to do this no more okay that's not what he said
right he said he will be far more guarded about whom he lets into his room and will not and will no longer allow people to come into his life and run freely through his home
so that doesn't mean he's going to stop sleeping with little boys there is no chance that's going to happen
right he says he's not going to do that anymore because of the false charges that were brought
miss my hair is a miss a row set on today outside Neverland fans cars lined in a row country road leading to the estate
and pro Jackson signs indicated the international flavor of fan base that long ago cease to be US centered
because in the US or on to him Iran is here for Michael red one posted near the huge gates that opened every few minutes
like Jackson associates in the heavily guarded compound from Italy Michael we stand for you
read another long side of sign with a Japanese lettering and a message in English make love your weapon
oh he already did that
well the love point is that's what he was on trial for
we are very happy with the verdict we have what we want said Da Nuta Aslowski 23 of Germany
dismissing suggestions that some people might still view Jackson with suspicion I thought there was Terry Stanford that sang that song
yeah the Elvis do suspicion no suspicious minds right sorry we hate Elvis in a new conference in an individual
no I don't hate Elvis as you guys do I just have just hired a merciless
music is the was back quick picking on him already with that guy before I think it's not cool to do that
see these fat and wrote this yeah pill poppin and quick picking on Terry and her that's why I played the John John thing
obviously I might even play the while your windows open thing just to show that they show is about poor
so I'm with sensitive bastard you've got to see this is my line this is very revolutionary just like those people say
what a cold hearted bastard even go to his mother's funeral once somebody is dead that's not the time to be nice to them
okay that's not the time to pay tribute to them to honor the time to be nice to them as well
they're still alive I didn't wait until George and Josh were dead to send them the flavor wave
ovens okay I said them while they were still alive and while I was still alive got it got it there you go
could create a new idea yeah that's it move on move on life is her to living move on in fact who said that
one was it boogard one of those biography shows but all these did people on it that was in fact it was him
it was hungry boogard again more respect from just watching that show about his thing with fighting the
comedy which hunts of the late 40s early 50s Joe McCarthy and that bunch of crazy glam
and then of course is a whole attitude about death you know he said life is for living just to go on and live in the don't worry about me I'll be alright
by the way got a got a marble and he wouldn't he would camel he probably would smoke animals
he was a lot more mox of than even the marble man and one we can we can knock Marlboro's because one thing we know
they're never going to be advertising on this radio station are they no we can knock all the cigarette companies let's do that let's make a whole show
out of that hey they're bad for you what are the worst faggot besides Mr. Rudge in a news conference and an individual
interviews after Jackson was acquitted in all ten counts jurors sent a clear message they were not so much convinced
the Jackson innocence as unconvinced of his guilt based on falling evidence and flaky witnesses like like that I don't know they
had Dan rough well their views were reminiscent of those expressed by jurors in March after they acquitted actor
Robert Blake of murdering his wife who was shot in the couple's car after they had eaten dinner in a restaurant
jurors had acquitability problems with key prosecution witnesses a similar issue to Jackson jurors and the faded
over comebacks planted by the defense do I think he's innocent I'll never know the Blake jury form in Thomas Nicholson
said later but the bitch had a comment no he didn't say that we did Gene Rosenbluth a former assistant
US attorney in LA who teaches lots of university of Southern California said that while such comments may be disturbing
to some people they point to what makes the system great that you have to prove you'll be on a reasonable doubt
and even as Jackson's fans and defense team law to the acquittal is a victory Rosenbluth said the jurors public
explanation of their verdicts clearly sent a very different message Michael Jackson may have been found not guilty
but the world is certainly going to be left with the impression that he might be a child molester she said might my ass
none of that mattered to the fans who said the acquittal coming on top of prosecutors failure 93 to build a criminal case against Jackson
was the all the exonerations they needed Ryan Williams 27 of London was flying to LA when they
pile announced the verdict from the cockpit pronounced himself thrilled he said justice prevails always from London to
ferry one person of view things differently was former Santa Barbara County sheriff Jim Thomas who was involved in the
93 molestation investigation and ended when the alleged victim set a lot of court with Jackson for about
20 million Thomas called it a shame that the latest accuser's credibility was tainted by his mother a
prosecuting witness who many jurors said they neither trusted nor liked you learn to accept the losses
from time to time but it's perhaps a little more bitter when you know at least in your mind or heart that the
crime is committed he said asked if justice was served he paused for several seconds I don't know but it doesn't make any
difference the system worked he said a ball ball he said he hoped the outcome would not deter other young
abuse victims from coming forward he also said there was no guarantee Jackson wouldn't be back in court
one day my sense is if he doesn't change his habits I'll be back there again someday or at the very
point
sold
you
won
the
mama
on
Why your window is open, I'm out and soared, I feel secure, because your tent will
watch where you're. I'm dying of a hand with those who've been. See you've lost
touch with the audience, don't you? Really, your bad taste has gone so far. How many years
was that ago? Was that six, seven years? Third? Yeah, it was a long time. And here we are, we're still
here. 13-till noon at QA. I'm shy of all here. Now let's say a thumbnail. Okay, get this thing
over with Terry and her. Shoot! Terry shybo did not suffer any trauma prior to 1990
collapse and her brain was about half the size of normal once she died, perfectly qualified
for the QM sales department. According to results released to that, an autopsy conducted
in the severely brain-damaged woman. Pinellas Pascometicler's Amateur John Thogmorton concluded
there was no evidence of strangulation or other trauma leading to her collapse. He also said
she did not appear to have suffered a heart attack and there was no evidence that she was given
harmful drugs or other substances prior to her death. Autopsy results on the 21-year-old brain
damage woman were made public this morning. Yadi Yadi Yadi, she died from hydration, he said. He
said she would not have been able to eat her drink if she'd been given food by mouth as
the parents had requested. Removal of her feeding cube! What a resultant in her death whether she
was fed or hydrated by mouth or not, he told reporters. He said that shybo's brain was about half
the unexpected size when she died March 31. 13 days after her feeding. Chew! Those are moves.
You haven't just read this or I can say that. Could have got better. The brain weighed 615 grams,
roughly half the expected weight of the human brain. The damage was so irreversible and no
amount of therapy or treatment would have regenerated the massive loss of neurons. He said.
So there you go. There's the end. There's the final story with Terry and her.
Chew! Now we can get away about other things. Speaking of other things. Yes.
Hank called in and said, yes. John Madden will be having a press conference at noon
saying that he'll be going to NBC for Sunday Night Football. All right!
We know. Very good. I like John Madden a lot. Thanks, Humper. We should carry that press conference.
Especially when you're talking about it. Well, you know what? Because the 145. Because I can turn on
TSN right now and I'll guarantee you that the sports center is on. I mean, quick press conference.
But they're doing drill drivers. They're driving it. But they're in commercial. It'll probably be on
right here and if not, it'll be on right there. Everybody on summer. We don't want to carry it.
But nevertheless, we got that great Madden. What is that fit we got? It's fairly new to the
Madden and no cheese. You know what I'm talking about? No, you probably don't. I'll find it.
All right. Really recent. Anyway, moving right along. I don't want to get too verbose here,
but I will anyway. Because we got a short show today. We got less than two hours to go.
Okay. Okay. Because we got Marlon's on deck at 145 from Mergly Field in Chicago. How's that pull
coming? I'm really amazed that Berlin's got only one. You don't want to know why? I must be all
the Jews listening or voting. Well, because they go back there, right? They have that German phobic
thing. You know, I don't know why not. Berlin is so much to see the Berlin Wall and the Brandon
Brigade and the old bombed out church. And oh, just so much. And great food and just wonderful
people. The ones under 40, the ones over 40, just to step over. 337 votes. What the best vacation
city in the world is and you're right, Vegas will win. We gave it. We gave everybody also head
start. That was a good idea. You know what? It was just by accident, but we gave everybody
also running start because Vegas will win. Hanluv 58, Vegas 46, Amsterdam 45, New York 45,
Rome 35, the eternal city, the city of seven hills. It's the best. Paris 27, Chicago 16, Florence 15,
Boston 11, London 10, and everybody else in a single digit, including Berlin with Solomon,
Teuno. Oh, not bad news. Atlanta one last night. How do I raise one again? Mark that down.
Okay. Marlon's got Bushwack. They got slaughtered in Chicago. Well, get it out of the way. You know,
14 nothing is just no different than one nothing, right? Sure. Still, I still you put it in the
alcohol. That's all whether it's one nothing 14, nothing or 180 fact. In fact, maybe the Cubs will
wish they save seven and 14 runs for today. Catch my drift. Hopefully. Yeah. A state appeals court in
New Jersey rule yesterday that Jersey's constitution does not require the recognition of gay marriage,
rejecting the efforts of seven same sex couples who sued the state to allow them to marry. You
ferry. The panel in a two to one decision affirmed the law record ruling that said legislators must
change marriage laws before same sex couples can with without legislative action. There was no
basis for construing the New Jersey constitution to compel the state to authorize marriages between
members of the same sex and politics. Steven Skillman wrote for the original Steven Skillman.
Oh, it sounds like one of my people at any rate. See if some of my people against one of my other
people as opposed to your happen. Well, let my people know when your people are ready. Okay.
Uh, from what I hear, they're already ready. Opponents of same sex marriage will announce tomorrow
an initiative petition to put a constitutional amendment on the Massachusetts statewide ballot in 2008
that would ban gay marriages, lawmakers, and activists involved said yesterday. The decision to
mount the effort for a defense of marriage act ballot question follows months of intense debate
among close of same sex marriage. Many of whom worry that a competing compromise measure
already before the legislature will fail when it comes up for vote later this year. That
compromise, which could go on the 2006 ballot would ban same sex marriage but establish civil unions
for gay and lesbian couples a provision opponents call marriage light. It's a, well, not a
youth folks out there, you know what that's all about marriage light though what you know of a marriage
heavy. It's opposed as prefer a ban on the same sex marriage without civil unions even as the
plan means waiting until the 2008 ballot. So there you go. Massachusetts, they're all
booked up into a frenzy. Okay. Meanwhile, I think this is the weekend Ontario and in fact in Canada
not just in Ontario. This is the week in this country here that they're going to be like voting of
the parliament. They're going to be all screaming each other and pounding on the table and
ah, I love that. You just love that? Oh yeah, it's the best. Oh no, what the hell is that?
Chan Ho's drop kick. Can you see that? You see that? Little countertimes out there on the
amount. Oh, that's old. There's old stuff that's showing. Down and discovered that wanting to start
a scrap. Sometimes isn't enough. Why are they showing this stuff now? They're getting ready for
John Madden the press conference. So John Madden is going to go to NBC to do Sunday night football.
Yeah, starting in06 because obviously he has one more year left. Who's Fox?
Right. Well, the ABC Monday night football. I mean, will they be see one more? But we just say
will they be see a money in a football with the Michaels? Right. I'll speak into that. Now let's see
who's going to be on a games with them? Huh? Hey, don't forget good news today. Never
one. Do we have a shirt show? But no more. No more. He's got today off because we got the
morning game on 45. No more. Now speaking of sports as Howard Cosell would say, this is really one of
the most weird stories of all time. I think it's great. Suspria. That's because you hate F.S.
You like poison. You hate the seminals. You hate Bobby Bowden and you probably even hate Terry
Bowden at Yahoo with his finger up his nose or is it up his spectrum? But suspended F.S.
You quarterback Wyatt Sexton was taken to a hospital by police who said they observed him behaving
strangely, lying in the street and telling them he was God. Damn God. Sexton was hospitalized Monday night
and on Tuesday yesterday, if F.S.U. official said he was still under medical care at an underscores
location. He hasn't been charged with any crime. F.S.U. assistant athletic director Rob Wilson said
Sexton had been suspended from the team two weeks ago because of a previously underscores violation
of team rules. He declined to elaborate on a rural section broke and said the incident Monday
appeared to be unrelated. I can't imagine what kind of rule it was. Can you know what that would
cause this bizarre behavior. Sexton 20 is son of F.S.U. assistant head coach and running back
scotch Billy Sexton. Wilson said neither head coach Bobby Bowden or Sexton's father would come
in. Sexton will be a junior in the fall took over the starting quarterback job for the
Knowles admits season last year but was expected to compete for the job this year with your weatherford
and Xavier Lee who were registered at his freshman last year. Oh, registered. In other words,
they're going to be there for like 18 years and incident report by Tallahassee police officers
Zachary Lynn said he was called to a residential neighborhood about a report of a man doing push-ups
in the street and acting strangely police also said they've heard a call from a different person
about a man in the same location laying in the street and yelling at passes by another reporting
to manage jumped on a car and then Josh you said that there was also something about him barking
like a dog. Yeah, that throw that at two. Line City found Sexton in the middle of the road wearing
only a pair of what shorts? The officer asked Sexton if he was okay and didn't get a response. He
was asked several times what the man's name was and eventually Sexton replied that he was
God. It sounds like Howard Beale. At one point the man stepped toward line and then even Howard
Beale said only he saw the face of God. You know, he didn't claim to be God. At one point the man
stepped toward line and then ran away from him when the officer yelled from the stop he turned
and got it on his hands and knees yelled of center these if the officer and stared at him.
He sent his reporting third, six in my charge and so we doused him with pepper spray and
radioed for our assistance. Charter. What? Charter. How much? After officer about
about 30 men. After officers arrived the police handcuffed him identified himself as Sexton.
They said he took him to the hospital if he was a danger to himself or others. They said that
Sexton appeared to be under the influence of some unknown narcotic or alcohol but officials at
the hospital said they didn't have any information on him including whether he'd been found to be
under the influence of anything. He's won honors for his high grade point average. He's from
Calahassee and grew up around the FSU program. His roommates told him that Sexton had been in a
Dave Matthews that would do it. A Dave Matthews band concert in Tennessee with him earlier Monday
they didn't believe he'd been drinking or taking any drugs but they'd been stressed out over trying
to win the starting quarterback job and a fuck. Well when it doesn't you get stressed out and you get
found on your hands and eating you underwear and you start barking like a dog and the other
thing I'm sending these right almost every day. Gosh dang right. Oh don't get carried away.
Yeah the vaults out so you know that's just practice. Okay just relax. No no pressure no pressure.
The audio vaults out so we can't do those spots and there's no engineers here so let me go
I'll figure something out. Well we're figuring something out what I'm going to do just to
cover our ass because we don't have a lot of time today. I'll do like my riddits spot from the
next hour. How's that? Sounds good. Good thinking? Sure work ahead. Well no because that opens you
up a slot. See what I'm saying? Because we don't want to lose no spot. We'll open you up a slot. Otherwise
we're all going to get shot or not. I'll tell you one thing if you've got termites running around
your house you ought to be shot because there's no excuse not to give ridden them once and for all
including those new Asian subterranean termites. Always something new in grotesque crawling around your
house especially in Florida. So if you think you've got termites so you just want to be on a safe side
and protect your house and keep it in one piece call our friends at riddit pest control two day
for a free termite inspection. Riddit pest control uses this amazing orange-roiled treatment I've
been telling you about that kills termites and termite eggs 100 percent on contact. They're gone
faster than you can say our equipment is a polychran. If you have termites it's the best possible
way to get rid of them forever. You don't have to tense your house either you don't have to move
after the motel or the hotel and have everybody laugh and they're asked off and pointing in your
home like it's the circus. No worry about poisonous gas either. No worry about food or pets in your
health. They treat your home when it's amazing orange oil you don't have to leave it all when
they're done treating your property. The only thing left behind for just a few days is the clean
set of oranges it is a higher. So if you have a termite problem whether it's a single home in
apartment building or condo or townhouse call riddit pest control two day and find out about this
amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100 percent on contact. No tenting
no games no BS no kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348
that's 1-800-447-43-48 and that's really great in the sunshine state and we're a little late
but are we going to do the break or not? No no. No Cam does I'm just asking no no pressure on me we
only got an hour and 45 minutes to go for Christ's sake it's already noon noonish right right
really looking forward to that break to have some lunch. Well you can go ahead and have to
lense now anyway you're always talking with your mouth full anyhow is what everybody tells me
in fact George is going to be doing the summer shows eating on the ear right remember I used to do
well once a time it's time perfect almost got fired over it who did me did well that's right that
was in the board gerry d with our first one call back and tell us that board gerry was a
joyshold but we already know that yeah they're working on the vault right now as we speak yeah and
what would you like me to do just continue moving or going to start because it is coming up on noon
no listen to me this might turn out to be a a gift from God you know deal God because thanks to
that at noon John Madden was holding this press conference although I'm looking right now and
please don't tell me this awful show is on now oh please please tell me oh it's on now off the
record on TSN so it's not going to be on there but the good news is I've got 75,000 different sports
channels on my uh cable here oh here's soccer we don't want to see that well I guess I'm going to have
to punt okay we could go to the horse racing channel for a day of the try to finish it out captain
marvellous has been following trip he said moving up exactly right here comes stars rogue
from a long way back but western edition is keeping three at the toad forward it's western
edition to prevail yes I can raise your pardon ESPN would they be carrying this press conference
exactly because I got ESPN on TSN but they got the wrong show this horrible off the record show
on right now one of the worst shows ever is that would they sit around on a little table there
right you got it yeah I'm looking at that right got these bozos sit on high chairs oh wait
but here's the fox world sports report there got some good soccer stuff on you're looking to take
over soul possession of first place in group z at the under 20 world champion now I'm
going to care about that crap okay about that football with you here's leaf launch they should
be outside this you said you'll again you hear that other yeah chasing balls playing with
oh we can't hear about that that sounds that's rated to me you're what he said chasing balls
yeah can't do that well here's the score adjacent to Yankee stadium at a cost
Yankee's playing the ball for the box is the appituator's in love a seeming capacity of
just under 51,000 it will resemble the originally Yankee stadium in many ways should be done
it's like 2000 great I mean we already know what the press conference is going to be why the
hell do we need to put it on here we know John Madden's going to go to NBC next year and he's
going to do a Sunday night football and we love John Madden and he's very funny and I'll find
that bit and here soccer though back in his bowl kick oh it's candid against Colombia
you know who's got the good drugs in that match let's see Laura who will same crap okay so
forget about it I'm just going to continue you let me know when you want to run some spots okay
let me cross this one out well you know fire gun in the air is up hey why not it's Florida
the Florida Joyce in way he kills man hiding an addict from police really a good
the in fact I hope it doesn't happen to while I do hope it happens to Beth but not Mrs. Wallace
not all Edna she's the best character on passions now but anyway they're in a closet they're
hiding from Luis and Sheridan I know you're watching it so religiously every day now oh yeah
this is in a place I've never heard of Deberry Florida tour to a DE capital VAR Y Deberry
Florida every year that I might have you did you know all these little towns you drive me
I never heard of it officials in Florida say a man hiding from police died in an addict where the
temperature climbed above a hundred degrees on Monday Earl Haring 57 was hiding in the
addict of assistive's home in Deberry Florida Mary Haring Donaldson said her brother probably
wanted to avoid the police she called the house a judge had ordered Haring not to have contact
with the sister after a me 20-tiered domestic battery charge Volusia County Sheriff Deputy's
arrived at 3 p.m. but no one answered a knock at the door Donaldson called deputies back to the
house around 5 p.m. Deputy's found the addict door wedged shut once inside the discovered Haring's
body official said the temperature inside the addict was more than a hundred degrees they said
that he died either from heat exhaustion or a heat stroke but the bottom line is his last words were
I'm dying on the hear like that I have a good idea to hide in the addict when the temperatures
like above a hundred less than all your kids out there okay so what's the story all four
killed in suicide attack on Baghdad marketplace this is over and above the ones we had earlier
says the two most wanted men in the U.S. that's not it so we got four more dead people in Iraq
and it's still a Wednesday over there just it just doesn't stop does anybody care is anything
what I happen is the madness gonna stop Jesus K Christ if the media gave like 1% of the attention
don't be pointing at me either because we do the Iraq stories every day on the show for every
single day so don't be giving me a son of an s because one day we did all our heavy duty michael
Jackson crap because that's all you could talk about but if the media would pay one 10th to 1%
of the growth test in the bar bearity is the insanity that's going on over there and the
downing street memos and the six new memos that we've got on our website now that story which is
much too long to go into but all these other British memos they would find out that there's
something people you don't need to know more importantly than about michael Jackson who he's
okay and whether we got it well whether it was the giant economy size jar of acilinder the small
putting your pocket one the pocket rocket speaking of pocket rocket our fat ass governor
made let tribes expand gambling like that mighty white of it governor jab bushy greed to they
do open negotiations with the seminal travel florida ended allowing them to expand their gaming
offerings on the reservations the governor a vigorous gambling opponent send a statement that
the decision to open talks with the Indians was inevitable in the wake of voter approval of
slot machines at brow permachials when florida's voter signal to change in the state's policy toward
gambling but bush resisted the Indians request for negotiations for more than seven months was
silent as how much he's willing to give the Indians before his term expires in 2006 it's going
to be a process to determine if common ground who can be reached and entering into negotiations makes
no guarantee that agreement candy reached that bush spokesman rachael swice oh boy and then
it goes on let's see what it says here at the end about the governor will negotiate on the
bare minimum what it can provide is what he's saying representative marco rubio am i me republican
house negotiator on the issue said he expects the toss to want for several months because he believes
the governor will try to give as little as possible the parametrile industry welcome news of the
negotiations as a sign they could be getting closer to getting slot machines too if the tribes
were to get a compact eventually the playing field catches upset alan causel to general counsel for
pomp and opart i don't see the state giving to one and not the other well good luck to us all
Alan saw i can say uh your fat ass governor work again you and we're doing the best we can
under difficult circumstances like with our spots today and we have a lot of real spots on the
log that i'm noticing before the ballgame comes on and we damn well better get this all straight now
or some heads are going to rule you know what i'm saying right what do you think we're doing what
we can we're still can't do it no can't play out of control room no they're both down oh my god
the both out oh my god oh my god corporate the building mighty chance are they who corporate you know
corporate all corporate you mean Bob Vermouth well yeah he's probably working on something that's why
the audio vaults around everything you get all the equipment like falls apart i think it's like a
it's like a reflex reflex action when the equipment sees him in the building it's just all like
course i think he goes in there you know shuts everything that's how i when i see and that's how
i feel under this roll over and die five six seven oh five sixty we'll take a couple of calls
this is all screwed up now i will do some life spots yeah periodically here well no that will
open up some slots with the life spots okay play nice uh long bit or something i don't want to play
a lot we don't have time to waste see you're in the time wasting business i'm in like you have the
productive business if you believe that not no but seriously i we don't have the time to waste
today we got a short show it's only 50 minutes but boy it kind of gets you all backed up plus there's
no calls on there right now anyways and that's good there's one there's not w2yam hello
yes sir are you w scored i beg your pardon
okay nil nil as in nil Rogers okay nil nil anyway efforts go to end ban on openly gay soldiers
that's how desperate they are now they can't get anybody to sign up nobody wants to commit suicide
i mean be used as a human sacrifice over there we would let you beg it's death you right that's
our all you faggot come on that we changed your mind okay and in fact we don't mind letting you
guys get killed y'all go and put credits to the militaries don't act don't tell policy are gaining
new allies including a few conservative members of congress and a west point professor as they press
on multiple fronts to overturn the ban on out of the closet gays and lesbians in the armed forces
you fairy as part of their strategy opponents of the policy i know highlighting the ongoing struggles
of army and marine recruiters these service members legal offenses that were says in a new report
that many highly trained specialists including combat engineers and linguists are being discharged
in voluntarily and voluntarily while the Pentagon is facing extreme challenges in recruiting and
retaining true our troops how do you like that i just mentioned that in passing all you
faggits with my lets you back in cuz we're desperate all i'm hetero they don't want to get killed
they should also remind them that the muslims really hate baggits so that you know that'll that'll
push it through right away somebody q i am hello good afternoon Neil how are you sir when is
this i'm trying to give in on your shorted show today that's quite a relief for you not sure enough
but yeah i just want to make a quick comment about uh air mode coast i don't know if anybody read that
in the paper today they were closed down yesterday from the health department well that's great five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only for rise and singular rise the slime anybody believe that
no no actually really really interesting what i'm talking about it i'm making a party true but we're
the wide we have that thing on before just to make me look like a jackass what the
man you have to be kidding me nope nice job Adam you're right on top of its sweetheart anyway moving
right along that may q a m hello Neil yes sir how are you listen for your poll carmel in california
carmel california is a magnificent place beautiful city i think a good thing they came out of
Michael Jackson's trial he was so scared yesterday going in he can go through his plastic surgeon and say
hey look that's the shit and why that really want and by the way if you knew that how come you didn't
tell me that you just found out i just found out and how am i going to tell you you know
sir repetitions like facts right well but then again you have to stop eating for a minute no you know
you wouldn't it's um not that big of you okay good well and that's something we want to talk
about it obviously that car that car knew it but obviously just looking to create a problem we've
got several people out there in the audience and now that we got our 75 minute delay and it
gonna happen trust me when i tell you with the racial stuff and the sponsor stuff all the other
little games you want to play probably coming from across the street and of course for the crap
they got in the air and with the numbers that they have not it's it's easy to understand why
w a q a m hello yeah can that talk to you no no chance not with a voice like that
w a q a m hello yeah yes sir meal yeah um those those Omaha states
yeah they're the best five six seven oh five sixty in fact i'm glad he mentioned i'm not
gonna be showing up to say to know he must have been sitting on the other guy's lap you know he was
laughing so i'm gonna do my life spot because naturally we need to get these all in and the rest
of the stuff that's that's uh you guys problems this is that's our engineering department's problems
how to say that that audio fault stuff we tried to tell him that a long time ago way back in the
beginning remember that first day i said you know this thing crashes a lot and it's good to have a
spare yeah the control impact as ridiculous as it sounds back in the day of playing cards at
least if you play the cards no matter how many will you know it may muddy and you can't get eaten
come on same right say that at least you can pretend that you actually ran the spot as opposed
to the audio of all where you can't charge nobody 12 minutes passed known at five sixty w q m the
home of spectacular incompetence and at least we may not be good but we are consistent if you're in
the market for a new car truck we want you to stop by Armstrong for the homestead this week
because Ford has offered new discounts and prices right now are well below the market price
right now at Armstrong Ford is financing as low as 0% or rebates of up to six grand or you can
drive away in a brand new Ford make no payments for six months the bottom line is when you add
the Armstrong Ford discount and the bonus cash incentive from Ford there's no better time to buy
new Ford than right this moment so pick up the phone right now called David Rich he's the GM at
305 247 51 Trump and ask him for the Neil deal they got a deal for you on a brand new Ford
just for listening to this show when you buy it from Armstrong Ford a homestead you get the
exclusive tires and batteries for life program too I guarantee you I'll bet you Adam's life on
you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town no bait and switch no phony deals Armstrong
Ford a homestead there at 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 so give
David Rich a call 305 247 51 12 and ask David about the Neil deal run the wicked way if you can
check out the Armstrong cars dot com but whatever you do be sure and stop down this week
save like never before save yourself thousands for driving this a few extra miles at Armstrong Ford
of homestead well the head takes a break I beg your pardon we can actually take a break that's right
well what do you know what it tries to sport we're the sport
suppose when you write 65
god
less
I've got my bag of books
The telling me and everyone
You can't smoke this stuff
Someone please bless me that pie
Got my doctor's permission, that's right
Pretty soon when I get the munchies
Cookies and milk will be nice
That's the vibe we now
That we'd make my play go home
I could use some more yours
And I laugh when I look in the mirror
And some cocks from my back
God will let no fade away my old gold
Paul, I think you have your right
This story is nothing I think of in the video
But what if a nice if I add them or somebody in there
I would have given me a little heads up on that
We could have made adjustments and known of it
etc and so on
Yeah, well whatever
We'd have been known not well whatever
It's just typical it's business as usual in the QM sales department
And let me just say right now Adam I just scratched him off with his two
I always give him the exception
The only one we got left is my boy Troy
You know what?
Who didn't get any votes is the worst sportscaster in town
He could vote on everybody
There ain't nobody who don't like good old Troy
Right
Now on the other hand back in the day when we had
That was a different story
A horse of a different feather
5, 6, 7
I don't have time for calls right now
Okay, we only got an hour and a half
Less than an hour and a half to go
This shows like somebody stole it from us today
And we're a break behind
Well, let me be more a break behind
Why don't you just create another way you want me to do an extra break?
How the hell are we going to do that?
I think we'll make it happen
You're crazy
Well, that's true but
I'll tell you what, let's just place spots from now on 145
I'll get out of here
I can go to Woodbine if I knew this was going to happen
Which I'm not going
I don't want to lose no reminding today
Seriously, what is this all about?
We're very behind
I'll tell you if you had like
That's why I did those two live spots
To open you up like a little Gary Puckett in the Union Gantt
But we missed a four minute break
So there's two minutes of it right there
Well, format out
We'll take an extra one
I don't want to get him all ven out of shape
He's obviously got laid last night
He's all whipped up into a friend of his friends
He thinks maybe it might happen again
But you know, I was speaking to that
This story here, I don't know which was better
The kids throwing up in his Spanish tea shoes face or this one
I think this is the jackpot
About the abortionist eating the fetuses
Okay, I just want to say I was thinking after I read that thing you sent me
If I ever opened up a restaurant
I would definitely leave a few roaches around a restaurant
So that people could smoke them and then work up a healthy appetite
Good plan
Put a hookah right in the middle of the table
Right, not quite like a roach but
Or just a long jute
So everybody could share
I think we'll do the break first then we'll do the story about the abortionist accused of eating fetuses in Kansas City
It's a hysterical story
It is a true story too
In fact, where is it from?
Well, like I said, it might be
No, actually it is, it might be because it's from like a marginally reliable source
White House to enter to this
White House to see
White House to see
It's a real break out
White House to see
It's a real break out
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
White House to see
Life
You shall receive all those of white
The number one equivalent attracts Kevin has a role
The fifth degree is county wise And then he calls a law
I haven't said take me by the door you're
okay
I'm sorry
You're the one I'm sorry
I'm sorry
You're the one I'm sorry
I'm sorry
You can go back
Don't fight me back
That's pretty funny
Here you can
You can't
The boys take from them
Get this back
Blue your devil
I'll treat you
I told you
If you don't fly out of your mouth
I'm worried about you
I'm worried about you
All right
You pick
You son of a bitch
Yeah, I'm gonna go with
Myself
From the Marlon pregame show you ready for that? I'm ready. I'm ready right now after all this
Cockeritis going on a Kansas City of Horses is out of business after investing it is discovered a grizzly house of horrors
That is clinic with fetuses kept in Styrofoam cups in his refrigerator and one employee accusing him of microwaving one and stirring it into his lunch
Oh, I shouldn't have done this in the middle lunch are good for all you divers out there all you fancy slops
The unsanitary conditions in Krishna Rajana's clinic prompted legislative approval of new abortion regulations in Kansas
A bill that was vetoed by the governor
Where John his activities have reportedly been the subject of law enforcement investigations for nearly two years now
He first gave the attention of police in September 2003 when he called the police to investigate alleged employee theft
Detective William Howard of Kansas City Police Department responded
I thought I had heard and seen every vile disgusting crime scene but was in for a new shock when I started this investigation
He would say later how it turned the matter over to the local VA in three state agencies
Topping the list of horrors was an employees account that she and other witnesses were John she and others witnessed
Where John a microwave under the aborted fetuses and stirred into his lunch as hard recover me of the siblings testifying before Kansas has committed
There might be one of those more guilty bits remember that
Yeah, take can you back to with the flavor wave or do with one of those things?
Oh my god, they be sensational
Where John the the United Accusation Bay did keep fetuses in Styrofoam cups in the refrigerator along with food and drink
Doctor, Regina like personal hygiene testified Howard his hair was messy hands dirty and his clothing was wrinkled and stained
He put on old used foot booties while we were there foot booties Howard testified the clinic was dark
Dengie had poor lighting and smelled musty there were dirty dishes in the break room sink and on the table trash everywhere and
Roaches crawling on the countertops where they seem to be everywhere how was afraid to sit down
Howard noted there were no hazardous waste containers anywhere and employed later testified that he
Regina took home all contaminated medical and biohazard waste for residential trash pick up
As for the procedure room Howard's partner spotted dried blood on the floor and said the room looked nasty
God nasty two dishwashers located next to the staff toilet served as sterilizers according to employee testimony
Oh no photograph show the toilet was bloody and function as a human waste disposal in the literal sense
On Saturday the State Board of Hearing Arts voted unanimously to revoke where John is licensed
How do you like that?
Cute yeah right there for lunch time some three lunch time ideas for you
Okay, so I guess what we're gonna do is take this other break now and I apologize for a few things but don't look at me
I got nothing new with that crap equipment right? I'm looking at it. Oh my I mean this is beyond embarrassing
Another break already? Wow listen I'll wear here I've ordered a call spots radio
When it comes to a kitchen
It makes meal Rogers meal by person
It makes me feel pretty old five six feet
It's a
It sucks and did I venture clothes
They may be which but did not watch the show
We trade craft it take twenty dollars away from you
I hope for it soon Saturday that chairs will go up there soon
You know that front you right like a horn on
Let's drill you dish drop that to me a switch
I hope that this boy comes back to life and can't wait for his fellow you
And just keep doing the feeding thing
I don't want to nitpick we had enough problems with the audio fault and all the other problems we've had today
But I'm looking at our website and it's just on me we got we got our straightened out on the difference between cheesehead Tommy Thompson and Tom Ridge
With the big sign on there the big banner says starting next week and then it's got the color coded this summer schedule
Oh he's a little off. I beg your pardon? He's a little off on these lines
He's a little off all right I'd say about a hundred pounds
Wow that's good though doesn't start next week okay we lied that's just as usual we just give you for no extra charge
A pack of lies
Right because it's the QAM joys and way
Now that starts the week after next is I'm on vacation next week
I just mentioned that right just in case maybe you had that screwed up on the other thing there too since you had me off this Friday
Well that's right I forgot I will be off this Friday
No
Laurie and Baltimore says he sends a fax and says first I'd like to call to everyone's attention to the Baltimore newspaper
Can you congratulate them for having the Husspa to publish the Downing Street Memorial for the other editorial page?
I don't know how many other mainstream newspapers have published it I'd be interested to find out their site is
Baltimore Sun.com
Secondly please put Madrid on the pool to put Madrid on there
What did that I spent 10 days there last year says Laurie and I'm going back in September
Whoever told George they know party in Madrid was never there on a weekend
Plus you can easily take some trips to other interesting places because unlike Rome the trains run on time
That is when they don't get blown up Laurie sorry
Now Madrid is fine is nothing wrong with it?
They don't party there they said that it's more of this than that
They don't need dinner to like 9 or 10 o'clock and then they party go three four in the morning every night
Not just on the weekend
No I don't even start party until like midnight and it could be great
That is correct
Madrid is a very late night town
I can't wait to sit in the outdoor cafe looking out at a clean street watching men with tight t-shirts
And no pod bellies wearing pants that actually fit them since Laurie and Baltimore
P.S. to girls in Madrid are pretty cute too
And people are beautiful no question about it
Of course when you spent a lot of time in South Florida and you would almost anywhere in the world you think
Look at all these beautiful people what's this all about?
That is one of those things about being in South Florida
I just I don't get it what is that all about?
Seriously like here my god there are so many beautiful people in this city
It's just phenomenal and you go to a rural mall or Barcelona or Amsterdam or except the Dutch
Amsterdam or anywhere in Germany
You say what you want about the trimmings man but they feel beautiful or whether they like it or not
Is that how it is?
That's right
Here's one that says crazy and now this is another one these hurricane people make no mistake about it
Not fooling me with this kind of bogus facts
Pylonon to poor old FSU I don't really give a crap about any of them anyway
So you pick on whoever you want
See it's one thing to be a gator hater but FSU
And although isn't that the first game of the season?
It's going to be FSU Miami Josh?
Yes, yes it is
I'm just telling you I'm not I mean it's a rhetorical question yes it is
Crazyness is the quarterback position is not a new thing in FSU says this taxer
Charlie Ward won a Heisman and won under great career in the freaking NBA and everyone knows the story of the 57 year old quarterback Chris Wenke
I don't understand what does that mean about Charlie Ward?
He won the Heisman and won the NBA so what does that mean?
Yeah I don't get that either
And everyone knows the story of their 80 how about the hurricanes 95 year old quarterback which I keep forgetting his name
We talked about last week
You know the one test of Erdi I don't know I've been he test of Erdi's I'm reading 10 now this guy was like
Geno Toretta oh look about 45 years old when he was playing for them
It says the best way of FSU is that you your laughing it's true he looked like an old man
Dan Kendra you know Dan Kendra I do it says he started from the old till 97 season he had been scheduled to start 98 until
In the off season the dumb Joyce blew himself up in his dorm room now
Now what does that mean was he lighting farce or something? Well what do you do? No, I think he got real huge and became a full back oh I see
Oh
I thought maybe they meant like literally blue himself up like we're gonna be trying to light parts. That's a college area thing
I remember one of my roommates in college you since this ass trying to light his parents. I thought it was a great school thing
First of all no college college you have to get more trousers out of our way at kindergarten school
Big college Joyce and way story is told like he liked to do this quite often the last one
I went out and he spent a good deal of time in the hospital was moving to running back
He was replaced by a 62 year old mr. Manky who's getting older by the man 110 year old Chris Manky
Manky broke his foot
Manky's got a broken ankle remember that day. I'll never forget it
We're talking about like the end of the world and some punk calls in obviously some hurricane there some the child as you
Em Booster which I apologize for redundancy there
Thank you broke his foot. Thank you about his I'm a little like a pro-Zach Rana that come right down to it
The net thank you broke his foot. So let's get that schedule things through or or not whatever
Remember I had the story yesterday about that Canadian kid in front in Pennsylvania
Yes, that guy speaking of Unabomba blow up right?
Doris town Pennsylvania the mother of that Canadian teenager convicted of bomb threat charges in the US as she's furious
Considering and appealing worried about threats to her family and that being said yesterday
She wants her 15 year old daughter Tristan to leave the US and stay with relatives in Toronto while some Travis faces
Presentencing evaluations and the family considers how to best clear his name in juvenile court
I'm trying to get Tristan out of the country, but she's a very stubborn girl
She says we're very headstrong. That's a newfoundland trait. That's why Travis is not buckling the family has gotten threatening emails
And beans head she's concerned about internet blogs about the case which ignited emotional debate in Canada and the US after
30s painted the 17 year old as an angry youth who hates Americans
They're horrific she said to the web comments one person even commented on the fact that he passes our street everyday
That's really scary. They're talking about Canadians being thrown over night will falls being tired and feathered and
Camed I don't want Tristan going through this. It's crazy down here. That's the line baby
I love it. It's crazy down here meaning in the USA and
Appeal on the charges othering a terrorist threat and possessing incendiary devices must be filed within 10 days
She said
Well, it goes on about to be but about the voice father
Frank who moved the family the Philly area in 1997 testified the materials were used to make harmless smoke bombs for far
Worst displays and burn a tree stump in a backyard to make way for a fish pond
The stuff has been burned in the pot is have constructed but nobody looked at that and that being said yesterday
We have a load of people around here all the time as newfoundlers do and we do fireworks by the pool
Prosecutors are admitting no one saw the youth scroll the bathroom message
Presented boxes of materials found in search of the being housed in suburban Buckingham and said no other conclusion was plausible
Then the boys intend to make Luna Bomba maybe even in a bomba grande
Police witnesses in bomb experts said the teenager had most of the elements for a bomb except the large quantity of something to
Ignite it like the magnesium thermite he had bought months before like that right here
The defense that was used on the tree stump. I figure pardon. I got some magnesium ready. Oh, there you go
I hope you got plenty of potassium because that's what killed for Terry doesn't what caused them to have to stick that
June her you a whole bunch of it is up to the show are you really no fact if you put some ice cream and bananas in a bowl
And fry them up in a flavor way. Well, I see what you got to do
Three you melt that in the first then you get some bananas
Stop with the ice cream. Okay enough with the ice cream crap already
That's vacation spot this pool. I guess we got all the cities under that we need to have it of course
So let's face it like we said before it's the middle of June anybody that really understands where a good time is is not
Home right now anyone Florida best vacation spot in the world is what did I tell you Vegas is already moved in the first place
We gave everybody a head start and it still makes no difference
Vegas 72 Hanu 71 and Vegas will pull away in the stretch New York 56 Rome 51 Amsterdam 50 see on the dam rack see
In her that dam square Paris 37 Florence 20 there's this incredible restaurant there with a hummingbird eggs. It's fabulous
Hmm
For 20 Chicago 20 brotha Lona 18 London 15 Boston 13 Boston ain't that bad. They got a call before just wishes
It was like we used to be we wish a lot of things would be like he used to be like us
But guess what ain't gonna happen LA 9 why what is that LA 9?
Mm-hmm or Norland's eight San Diego 7 Carmel California 5 Victoria BC 5
Clawed Germany 3 Berlin 2 and Madrid so far just one honor, but it's got the big
Don't understand so fine fine place you will like Madrid
Hey for years you've heard me talk about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company in the universe
But if you know about their carpet cleaning we can get about all the other great things they do for you
Dry consics can save you hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas
They specialize in drape reclinning a post-ream leather furniture restoration
Macris cleaning to get rid of those annoying dust mites forever and water damage to dry concepts can also clean every story
Your tile and grout quickly and efficiently as well and they'll do the same spectacular job for you there
That they've been doing on your carpets in my carpets for over 20 years now
Dry concept professional staff is always looking to serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems available
So when it comes to cleaning and restoring those carpets area rugs or annual rugs or a post-ream there's only one place to call and that's dry concepts
And don't forget during the month of June take advantage of dry concepts tile and grout special it's going on right now
For more information call from Dave Brown and the Palm Beach's tool free
1 800-248-5071
1 800-248-5071 are logged onto their website at dryconcepts.com
What it comes to sports
We are the story
Sportswear you'll find sixty
Way yeah
Bush, five back to the moon
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi
He's got the party from his daddy
Oh, and if I said my little brat
Get that
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi
Well
He's a presidential dog who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna win. He might as well just go right in
He has a golden spoon he was born with a possess so look out on you, dude get ready for the gas
He's a telehazzy Nazi
Oh, we give our civil rights to Wampy
Whoa, I think the telehazzy Nazi love of MLA
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad excuse
Who never played his dues by next year will all be screwing hard
She called
She called
She called
Any smart food with that raise against buddy with K. Why do you think they call it?
Goober, tutorial anyway
He's a telehazzy
No, he'll make it KKK
He's a telehazzy
Love of MLA
Come on, let's do step
Come on, let's do step
Come on, let's do step
Come on, let's go
Come on, let's go
So I'm 47 on the Martin Bourbon show. Let's see here's the facts that says
Listen, you talk about the government, the president, this comes to mind
I thought that our galaxy leaders were there to serve the will of the people. Where did you get that from?
Goes up
So why is it that when the people strongly support stem cell research 2 to 1, the president threatens to be to it?
If it was because he wants to use the money we build our roads, infrastructure, health care, and so on
Maybe you'd have a case
But it's only because he says life starts at conception
I thought religion and politics were supposed to remain as separate as possible. Again, you better wake up
This is like a guy that's like Rip and Winkle
Right? Most people don't want the social security to reform, destruction, the president is trying to pass
That doesn't matter either. Now you're getting it
The people voted to have gambling and the permutualism is out of order
The governor's trying to do everything to stop it. The people voted for reduced class size
But the governor has no plans to make it happen. That's your fat ass governor
These politicians got it twisted around. No, they don't. They got it just the way they want it
You want it and why they do it? Why? Because they can
It says they're there for the people not the other way around. Your other one has got it back
Where? When the hell did that start?
They're always being naive. Many of them use public office to make crooked deals like Halibut and Paserone Agendas
And screw the people. Why do I vote?
Excellent question. I don't know. Because your vote probably ain't got to get counted anyway
Because it's the American effort away, man. The American joising works. Use me
But you hang in there Joseph because you keep talking like that. You will be hanging
Not in there just hanging. Pretty soon
In fact Bill Fischer says that if you come down to Tennessee he might just linch your ass
Here's one that says Andora and so specifically Andora LaVeia is a paradise to visit
A small principality north of Barcelona and the Pyrenees
Andora LaVeia, I have no idea what that is. It says ranks right up there with Mekonos
Well we better put Mekonos on the border and we better pray to it's the world's smallest country
What's that Andora LaVeia? Yeah, Andora
Mekonos is one of those deep, agree-tylons and of course you know who goes there
Hey, who goes there? Mekonos. I'm told it's beautiful in Mekonos. They're in the Greek. I mean it's part of Greece
I had a Greek salad for lunch. I had a Greek salad for lunch.
There you go. It's right in. It's a devil's slide right down.
Wait till you have this. Talk about I promised no more Jackson stuff today.
I don't know why I say that but it seems just like Friday to me today. All day long it has felt just like Friday
It's like a little bit of a deal but it's not. It does feel very much like Friday. I'm sure it is.
Friday June 17. I'm looking at my watch right now. I'm watching it. This story is enough to just all the way and it's not going to happen.
Will the Jackson family trials play in prime time as a Horatio Algera Saga of overcoming adversity and scandal?
That's how a TV project featuring Michael Jackson some of his voters is being pitched to some broadcast and cable outlets.
Sources said that a handful of networks were contacted last week before Monday's announcement of his acquittal
about a prospective six episode reality series that revolving around the Jackson clan.
Sources said the show where they have to buy a lot of Vaseline for that show wouldn't they?
Sources said the show position is offering a portrait of the famous family and they behind the scenes look
at how parents Joe and Catherine and Michael Jackson's eight brothers and sisters
rounded around their brother following his indictment by prosecutors in November 2003.
Sources said that pitch emphasizes the Jackson brood efforts to rehab their public image
after the intense scrutiny of Michael Jackson is highly unusual lifestyle during the trial that made headlines around the world.
And of course they could probably interspersive you comments from some of his siblings like
that damn fat guy I can't stand that would be good kind of reinforced that image right?
Sources said the project has been shot around to TV outlets including Fox ABC and A&E by Darnell Sutton.
O.K.L. learned to spell with Darnell who is described as the Jackson family friend and the Endeavor talent agency.
Sources from media with the proposal said the pitch suggests the family's got at least some footage of their activities during the trial already in the can speaking of Greek.
Though it's unclear how many family members have agreed to appear on camera should the show land and network home.
And while celebrity reality programs have been all the rage in recent years the level of interest in the Jackson family among major TV outlets is questionable industry
and cider say questionable at best and dubious at least.
Absolutely this correction.
Right over to that.
There's more that the soccer crap boy what about your rowdy lunatics you know I'm civilized barbarians.
Russia and US block NATO call for probe into his veck massacres as a report again here we go again.
Because that's our buddies over there it's our stool pigeons that's our puppets cronies.
Russia and the US reportedly blocked NATO last week from calling for international probe in last month's collections in his veckistan
in which hundreds of people were believed to be killed.
US officials at a meeting of defense ministers from NATO, Russia and Ukraine discussed violence torn dark for the Washington Post reported.
A closing statement said security issues in central Asia including Uzbekistan had also been discussed without further details.
Britain and other European countries had pressbernated or to include in the final statement a demand for international investigation of the May 13th massacre in the U.V. city of Andejean.
But they were stopped by Russia and the US human rights groups say hundreds of people many of them on armed demonstrators were killed as troops open firing on the Jan and the rebel siege government buildings whose veck is ends authorities have put the official death toll at 173 probably much more.
According to the Washington Post sources the US delegation at the NATO meeting which included her Hermann garing rummisfeld and state department officials disagreed over the proposed call to investigative action.
The French officials prevailed over the state department view that a probe was in order by arguing that investigation could compromise US access to that military base in Uzbekistan.
They said it was crucial to the fight against international terrorism.
Everything and that's used for everything.
We're fighting international terror or war.
Russia arguing against the probe by saying that the Andejean incident had been inspired by Afghanistan.
Likely story.
So there you go. It just keeps mounting and mounting even the Royal Canadian Mouthies have never seen so much mounting.
Even Kathy Willis never saw so much mounting.
Good go and speak out of that. What a segue. Thank you. This is incredible. By the way, we're all caught up now, right?
Yes. Is that a did I do a job or what? Five job.
And another enormous pressure because we got 15 minutes less today. I mean ordinarily if we had the full four hours we could have done that like fall off a log, right?
Today we're under enormous pressure like when it out squeeze them out and the spots too.
I've tried telling the audience that when you work a Q way and we're here for only one reason, okay?
Spots, right? Because spots mean money and just like the sign of the wall says just give us the Joyce and money.
That's it.
Blonde porn star political candidate and now you can add one more line to Mary Curie's resume Republican booster.
We all know Harry Curie. Here comes Mary Curie, a porn star who's a Republican booster.
Sounds a little more comprehensive. Don't it? A boobster? A boobster.
Carrie was in Washington this week to attend the president's dinner and annual fundraiser put on by the National Republican Congressional Committee and the National Republican Senator of Committee.
A few hours before the dinner, Carrie met with reporters to show off her evening gown and talk about a Republican lunch she and her boss and help film executive Mark Cokus attended.
I met a lot of nice people. Carrie said the lunch where presidential adviser Carl Roe was spoke.
I met some people who talked about helping me with donating money to my next campaign.
She plans to run for Lieutenant Governor of California next year as an independent but her trip to Washington this way carries political leanings.
She says she's been a Republican for a couple of days.
Oh no. Anyone expecting her to cause a scene with her retarded presence dinner might be disappointed.
She was wearing a black floor length gown. The only color added to the outfit was her red, white, and blue Republican elephant lapel pin and similarly patriotic fingernails.
And that's weird. In other words, she'll go to any party that like she's a whore and she does. She's a well there you go. Speaking of the flag.
This is just so old and tired man. It is so old.
Don't don't don't. Like some people I know the Senate may be within one or two votes of passing a constitutional amendment to ban.
This a creation of the US flag. They just won't stop. No clearing the way for ratification by the states.
They keep component of the measure said yesterday.
It's scary close at Terry Schroeder of the ACL you who oppose the amendment. People think it's something that's never going to happen.
The reality is we're very close to losing this battle. Congress regularly is debated the issue since the US Supreme Court overturned a Texas flag this
equation law in 1989 and its own flag protection act the next year. But until now it's failed the most of the two thirds vote needed in both House of Representatives and the Senate before states try to ratify the measure.
This is exactly what all the stuff that's going on in the world right now. This is what we need is a constitutional amendment to ban flag this equation.
Next week the House will vote on the amendment for a seven time if history is a guide it'll pass for a seven time.
That's when the spotlight switches to the Senate where the amendment is always died. But this time could be different.
Amendment supporters say last year's election expanding the Senate Republican majority to 55 is void their hopes for passage.
Five freshman senators Richard Burr of North Carolina no relation to Raymond Burr. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma Jim de Mendes South Carolina.
John Thune of South Dakota and David Vitor of Louisiana all these right wing zealots voted for the amendment as House members and plan to do so again in the Senate.
The framers of the US Constitution made it made it very difficult to amend their work to documents had only 27 amendments in 217 years to become law and amendment must win two thirds majorities in both the House and Senate.
Then three fourths or 30 of the 50 states must ratify it if enough states don't act within seven years of passing by Congress the amendment dies in the process must be started in the end.
That's the kind of important work that your Congress is fivously working at while they're busy ducking the anti-lynching bill.
Oh good golly Miss Molly. Oh we don't want to sign on to that might piss off our constituents. So our good old boy constituents just like that killing guy there Mississippi.
I can't believe you haven't seen Mississippi burning. Why should I have a yearning to see Mississippi burning?
Sometimes I know how it ends. What's the point I have to buy it?
No. Why not? Watch out no interest. You have no interest. I know all about the story. I saw you.
I know all about the story. It was a terrible terrible tragedy.
I don't see you're being anti-discrimination of events that I know all.
Okay. So in other words you have about as much interest in that as I do in Schindler's list. No Schindler's list seat was a good move. Now we're even.
Yeah. All right. This is what he burning was a great movie. All right. All right. All right. Mississippi burning. If you watch Schindler's list. No. I say we're even.
You know I arrest problems tax problems. I got away with destroying all aspects of your life. They take it to a lot of you financially physically emotionally all of these things.
They come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. CPA Jamie Buckwald in the Buckwald tax firm will help and your I.R.S. problems forever and give me back some peace of mind.
Which is why other top CPA law firms are further clients to the Buckwald tax firm when they have problems with the anxious I.R.S. I think I need to sip a soda.
You know why not avoid potential criminal prosecution. You'll all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now maybe you've got an I.R.S. Lee in a ways. Love it. All payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe like to settle for thousands less than your own need time to pay whatever your situation.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help. The off-reward free no obligation consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from I.R.S. harassment if not much sooner.
And best of all you need to have to go to those I.R.S. meetings because the Buckwald tax firm handles all meetings and discussions. Call them today.
9.5.4.575.28. Get the IRS monkey off your back. Whether you owe 10 grand a million dollars anything in between the I.R.S. taxes the Buckwald tax firm will help you out. Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop fretting about the IRS knock it on your front door.
9.5.4.575.2800.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop fretting about the IRS.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
I don't know what that's all about.
I never said that.
The Buckwald tax firm needs to the people to turn to to get some help.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what that's all about.
How about you?
Yeah, and said.
But I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, I'm going to be.
Yeah, maybe I should give him something like that.
And no coffee for them.
Coffee for closures.
Like I've always seen you guys couldn't close the door,
even if he had assistance.
So he said that it would be fun to move on.
That was his answer.
He said he just had just felt out about it
and by that time it was too late.
Yeah, you mama.
That's my comment to you at him.
You mama.
You can't complain about the service
in that these guys do because it's not in their vocabulary.
Although he's usually, you know, he's usually the exception.
And now he's let me down right before vacation, no less,
just to make sure that I'm a real sour frame of mine
for the summertime.
Thanks a lot, Adam.
The one guy that we thought we could count on,
good old Adam, you know,
solid is a rock.
Rock solid.
That's the guy.
And he comes to a bit of a movie like that.
What kind of an answer is that?
A bit of a booper.
So, how about me?
I'm dying on me.
I'm going to be.
Yeah, you're dying all right.
Week.
How about me?
How about me?
How about me?
I'm dying on me.
I'm dying on me.
Yeah, you're dying all right.
How about me?
I just played that deal that is Ponderous, boring.
See, some of the bits are good enough to play like almost every day,
but that's a, like, a once a month kind of a thing.
When you agree with that, you're all, yeah.
See, how many times have I said that?
About 30 minutes.
We let the audience dictate the stuff that we play.
And they, it's like records.
It's the same thing that the audience did.
Yeah, the music stations for years and years.
Requests the same song over and over.
And then by the time you got through here for the 45-minute time,
you want to kill somebody, you know?
I think that's why I hate James Taylor.
I don't really care about his music that much one way or the other,
but just if I hear fire and rain one more time, I will kill somebody.
WNQ-I-M, hello.
I'm dying of it.
Yeah, sounds like it.
WNQ-I-M, hello.
Yellow, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been around in many places in the world.
Probably one of the best cities to go on vacation.
I don't want it in New York.
Yeah, yeah, right.
Right, Buffalo.
See, there's another clown.
Hey, you're something?
You've fit in there perfect like your glove, right?
Right, though.
Like a Proctologist glove.
He sounds like somebody at Tana Wanden, you know?
I always think it'd be a little more specific, like North Tana Wanden.
That's my favorite.
Or how about Cheek to Waga?
Or even better than that, how about the pew?
After you finish it, Buffalo Raceway and Hamburg, how about the pew?
Man, I've said that Buffalo really is.
It is the anus of the universe.
I thought that was here.
No.
Florida is the one thing.
All the masks you can make on Florida, any part of Florida.
But man, it just shines and rises to the top compared to Buffalo.
Buffalo is like the most grotesque, the most disgusting, and the weather starts, too, you know?
It's just a horrible place.
So let's all go to Rochester and sniff the lie locks.
What do you say?
Let's get on that ferry and go across Lake Ontario.
You ferry.
12 minutes after one of the guys that said Rochester, I'm afraid was serious.
Well, you know, maybe he's just not a party kind of animal, you know?
He likes to kind of quiet.
He wants to go to Cobb's Hill and sniff the pansies.
When you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit and price, those are the three ingredients that it's all about.
All of these things.
So get yourself over to Brandy Shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite salad shoes.
Brandy's carries a humongous selection of all the top brands in the shoe binnest.
No off brands, they carry the top names like Rockports and Florishaim and Echo and Mephisto, new balance, SAS and more.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you got a perfect customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time.
As for Arnie, they'll make sure you get a perfect fit.
The pros and brandies understand fit and comfort because after 25 years of serving South Florida, they're still a family business.
They give you a personal friendly service.
So it's worth a trip from just about anywhere in town.
For comfort, style, fit, value and selection, it's always Brandy Shoes at 12, 90 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach, open Monday through Saturday till 9 and Sunday till 5.
And just in time for Fathers Day, Florishaim, new balance, Furry and Rockports, selected men's styles all on sale right now and all this week at Brandy.
So visit yourself in the store or do your shoe shopping on our website at BrandyShoes.com.
What it comes to sports, we need the off-the-roading.
Sport radio flight 16, Q and A.
Most people are ice holes coming up tonight, uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
She brought the gentle, relaxing sounds of jazz under the pop charts.
God, like the 80s weren't dough enough. She was shoday.
Oh yeah, that's smooth alright.
Man, this is music that come out of the sauna too.
Damn, shoday could you rip it up a little girlfriend?
Ugh.
Oh nice one, you freaking moron. What were you drunk but lunch?
No, no, I was listening to shoday.
What?
Oh, alright that one here.
Oh, please, I didn't mean to yell at you mister.
Ugh, that's alright.
Hey, you just got a roll bread and they are screaming out of the way.
Shoday, if they won't refill your Xanax, you'll freaking do.
It's a big juicy sobbing with like a show business tonight, uninside the behind.
They have me regret this part before I fell asleep.
1.18 at 3am, Rush Limbaugh's attorney asked a judge today for copies of the conservative commentators sealed medical records,
so he can provide a list of privileged information that should not be turned over to prosecutors, investigating Limbaugh's drug use.
The state attorney's office said the records contain information that Limbaugh illegally purchased prescription painkillers and engaged in doctor shopping,
where illegally deceiving multiple doctors to receive overlapping prescriptions.
Limbaugh now wants to review the records before investigators and wants to develop a log of those that will be relevant to the criminal investigation,
citizen attorney Roy Black.
Many of these things in these records deal with medical procedures, symptoms that are potentially embarrassing for my client,
like told a judge during court hearing, they deal with intimate matters.
Uh oh, what could that be?
That's enough to leave me limp, you know what?
I got what you're going.
Assistant state attorney James Martz said investigators want to review all the records because the alleged criminal conduct spanned years and they could find evidence of a pattern or additional wrongdoing.
The state should not have to in the middle of a criminal investigation, do business with the target of the criminal investigation, Martz said.
He said the state's attorney should be allowed to review the records at the same time as Limbaugh's attorneys.
We just like the opportunity to tell you why the piece is important before the court excludes it, Martz said.
Circuit judge Thomas Barkthal noted that the fourth district court of appeal ruled that prosecutors could only have records covered by the warrants which dealt with the prescription drug allegations.
He gave no indication after they 30 minute hearing about 30 minutes when he would rule, but he's not another motion by Black to return the records to Limbaugh.
How do you like that? So the whole thing is in Limbaugh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got a message for our sales department, but I mean, but I move, but I'm up. That's my message. Double talk.
I'm out of weight. Nice job by a Todd director too on that situation. That's the one drink. Yeah, that's still mulling drink.
Yeah.
You see, they know the schedule. They know after Friday, my vacation to following week, then to summer schedule.
So it's just kind of like, well, if we just avoided long enough, then it'll all just get off our ass.
It'll all just, you know, we continue taking our way along, you know.
We will have collected our money in a little bit.
I mean, how is it possible just to have no conscience, no follow through? No, no, nothing.
What do you mean?
How is it possible? Yeah. A lot of it used to it by now.
She, no, I can't relate to it. I mean, you know, I'm not that I have such a great conscience like, but it just, it would be like somebody called in sick all the time because they had a sniffle or a hang there, but just because they could do it, you know.
Mm-hmm. God almighty.
But at any rate, nothing changes.
But to be put, but to be put, but to be up.
Wait to hear this. Coral cables, which is known for revolutionary progressiveness.
Not. Drivers lacking coins may now use cell phones to feed parking meters in the cables.
Importantly, the first city in the U.S. to offer such a service.
I was wondering when that was going to start.
You automated system allows drivers who subscribe to simply dial from their cell phone, touch in the number assigned to their parking spot and the required cost plus a 25 cent usage fee.
They'll be built on their credit card. Hate that usage fee.
When leaving, subscribers call back and end the billing cycle.
Well, let me ask you this. Yeah. I mean, suppose you called in the end the billing cycle and then you kept your card there in other three hours. How do they know that? I guess they don't.
Oh, the mining suburb began offering this system this month on its 4,573 meters.
So far more than 250 people have subscribed.
It's innovators in Marri Malina, executive director of the Gables Dinosimprovement District.
People come down and they start me in. We're going to forget about their parking meters.
And we certainly don't want them to get parking tickets. Oh, God forbid.
It took camera and survived six and a half minutes to enroll by entering his credit card, email license plate and telephone number.
It's pretty cool. You know, my medical student said him regretting the fortune he might have made.
How he invented the service. Actually thought of that while ago. Why didn't that should pay by phone? We didn't do it.
Payment, the Toronto based company that offers the service emails users copies of their transaction plus a lot of subscribers to track their usage online.
The service already is being used at several locations in Ontario and British Columbia. Oh, man. Are we progressive or what?
I'm not sure. Even when being used by payment users, meters without sufficient coinage will still continue to flash their expired signal.
Oh, parking enforcement officers use a wireless handheld device to identify which cars are using the system.
Oh, see, there's the answer to my question. There could be some minor impact to the number of parking tickets we issued.
So William Carlson, the city's parking director, but I think the service to the public far out ways that so it starts flashing on expired.
And like all kinds of lights go off and fireworks, things like that just to make sure you don't cheat the system.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We got the Marlins pre now. Why am I asking why? You know, the story this missing chicken or rubber.
This is the missing person to do your right. Well, she's cute is why that's why she's white. She's a man with a band you want to write these from a nice white bread state. I see.
So it's either a Sean Relievie or it's Jennifer, the runaway bride and this one.
And this one's especially good because how many thousand missing people do you think there are in the US right now?
About 30,000. Probably not more than that. Little kids or kids. Old people people are like lost wandering around. Right? Of course.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. The Verizon singular right us lines getting some important calls between now and pre game time of 145.
W2 a.m. Hello. Neil, this is you from Boko. Yes, sir. Veggie from Boko, a voice in the past. Yes. I'm having a hard time hearing you in like words.
Yeah. Now what would you like me to do, Veggie? Then listen online. I can't. I can't do that when I'm like, all right.
Do you want me to talk louder? Is everyone like you? It's just a little.
And tell those keep the tell those Cubans over there to stop bleeding. No, I see that's what it is. And now we don't care about that.
Get lost. Veggie from Boko, your day is up. OK, Mr. Your time is up. You were a voice in the past. I would do all this.
But just always complain. That's why I hate it about him the most. Right? Yeah. We don't give a crap about Lakeworth. How do you like that?
People in Lakeworth, you know, they don't count. What are we going to do about it? Although I heard that. Yeah.
Exactly. What am I supposed to do about? It's raining too much. Yeah. I'm not making enough money.
Yes. Once stuck yesterday. Hey, Veggie, it's here was a pleasure hearing from you. Not.
Gov. to Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Nero. Yes, sir. I may be so late for your call, but I think nobody mentioned island of Santorini in Greece.
What? Santorini. Santorini. What is that? It's an island of Greece. Although it sounds Italian, but it's one of the most beautiful places.
Santorini. I am. It does sound Italian. No, it does. It's not. It's Greek. OK. Oh, it's. OK. I'll go around. I know you go around all the time. Please.
Bye. OK. I'll stop by and see you in Santorini. Sounds like a wini. 125. We got happy. I'm sure it's a very good spot.
It's a good place. We know.
And I know that a fellow who's first name begins with. Oh, there's one thing we all under.
First name.
We'll be finished until we blow up.
We could chase around forever.
With our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are some tired of jumping through them.
We only need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up back a stain.
Yes, yes, yes. We need to need the new sails.
Right. Don't. Why don't we stop?
And we'll blow up back a stain.
What are you really meant to say was why don't we stop?
Yeah, tap. One, three, two, and we've not played that. It's because it just dawned on me that.
Did you see the story yesterday about where Iran is beginning their nuclear technology and equipment and stuff from?
Yes, or the pack ease? Sure.
Our reference the pack ease.
Another one was great democracy.
A alleged al-Qaeda kingpin Abu Faraj al-Libbi has not provided information to pack stany interrogators that could lead them to a Somai Imamah president.
Pervert Masha'ar said this week.
Al-Libbi al-Qaeda's alleged number three man was accused of masterminding to assassination attempts against Moussirah.
Was captured after a shootout with Pakistan agents in the country's northwest on May 2.
He was later transferred to U.S. custody.
And he spent a lot of his time since then peeing in his pants.
No, he didn't give any information he still hasn't about bin Laden's whereabouts.
Masha'ar said of Al-Libbi and the interview with the A&P.
But he did divulge a lot of information which led to the arrest and apprehension.
I think of 14 other individuals, as you said.
Despite being Pakistan's most wanted man, Al-Libbi was deported to the U.S. recently and made expectations he'll be grilled on the whereabouts of bin Laden.
He was assumed to be hiding near the Pakistan Afghan border.
As a matter of fact, the story they had on yesterday suggested that Osama Imamah might be hiding in Iran.
Did you see that?
How about that?
Yeah, Iran.
As fast as I can, here I am, is what he said.
Well, how do you like that?
Here's a fact from Mark and Cleveland who says,
don't forget, 13 minutes we got the...
Big Game Show for the Marlins.
There's the music.
All right.
The boys are back in Chicago.
Mark says, I'm so tired of hearing about Rush Limbaugh and his vols Schmidt.
I love how the Sean Hannities and Bill O'Reilly's in the world would say,
poor Rush had such terrible backpacks and he needed relief.
Funny though, every time I see that fat windbag on TV, he's on the golf course.
Kind of like OJ with a bad knees.
Somebody with such terrible back problems would not and could not play golf.
Love your show, see it in Northfield Park, not, this is Mark and Cleveland.
Have a great life, Mark.
I don't know like that.
He's got a back problem.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, oh, you had a pool problem.
Yeah.
And of course they just cover it all up there, just like Bill O'Reilly with the mouth breathing, you know?
Everything with the right wingers, they just give it a look at his smear and that's the end of it.
They're looking in there, smear in it.
Here is the poor, poor, he's dealt so far.
Best vacation city in the world is, I don't know, maybe they just haven't been anywhere of these people.
The people are the traveling people. They're somewhere now.
Traveler, that's right.
They're the traveling men and women and people, others.
Best vacation city in the world, I mean, what do we say?
Vegas. We gave everybody a head start and they still couldn't catch Vegas.
I mean, you know, it's tough what it likes to say,
what a sudden fun capital of the world. Well, maybe the sunshine.
Once in a while in the summertime, what it's not like pouring and tornadoes and hurricanes, stuff like that.
But fun.
No.
Las Vegas 96, Hanalu, 82, New York, 68, not no more.
I would go back to New York if they paid me by the second.
Really? No. I'm not a Zad to go back there.
I haven't been there in years and will not go back anytime soon.
Amsterdam 59, Rome 58, just to go to the European cities in August.
That's my suggestion to you, especially Rome, because everybody leaves town.
Plus, it's 180 degrees in the shade and man, it smells bad.
The only knock I would give you on Rome is that it's filthy.
It's a filthy city because it's so polluted.
First of all, you got all those old buildings and secondly, it looks even worse when it's like all that pollution, smog and air, all the vehicles.
It's not the cleanest city in the world.
Paris 43, unlike Vegas, of course, which you could eat off the streets and they make damn sure, believe you me.
Nobody drops any other stuff on the street in Vegas.
Right. Because yeah, it's like the home 58 Paris 43,
go to Paris, see the frogs, have a good time.
Florence 24, Ferenza, Chicago 23, London 20, Bartholome 20, Boston 13,
Nalens 10, hey, go there.
San Diego LA both have nine.
I'll take San Diego and they're been there.
Might be interesting, huh?
Okay.
I've heard that.
Great seafood.
Caramel California 8, Madrid 6, Victoria BC 5, Cologne, Germany 4,
Miquenos 2, and Dor, and Dorit 2, Berlin 2, and Seattle 1.
Seattle's only got one.
After all this rave, who the hell has been there?
Not only that, but probably most people if they had their choice or if they've been around.
Even if I had been in Seattle and liked a lot, I certainly wouldn't vote for it as compared to these other places on here.
See what I'm saying?
I know.
It's not an knock on Seattle.
The fact that it's on our list, we give them big kids, whatever.
This would better do that break, huh?
Otter.
I feel like today we've like, I don't know.
Somewhere along the line, the rails came off the tracks to the out of the corridor.
I was done.
The Fritz, I would imagine.
Was that one on what?
Yeah, that's what it was.
Put us all out.
The audio hole went on the Fritz.
Now is that Brad Fritz or Randy Fritz?
Mickey Fritz.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
What am I giving the numbers out?
We're not going to say, well, it kills a couple of seconds.
Just force a habit, baby.
I'm just so excited that A, we got this pre-game show 145 and B, tomorrow's Thursday already.
Who a number that frees to my mind?
What?
12.
Two.
Dose.
Okay, the Dose now.
It brings Dose to my mind.
Dewey.
Tweet as the Dust say, Tweet.
In fact, most of the motorclams.
In fact, maybe that's where they came from.
Look at that mouth.
See here.
I ain't never said more.
I'm the trueäd boy.
I'm the trueäd boy.
Tweet the Dose.
About T say it for the Hawaii.
Yeah, I ain't never said that to him.
No, no, no, no.
I'm the second shipment.
The same way that the Dose is.
That they ought to campaign me by that.
That's the Dose.
I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
model!
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
Okay, we got to mark.
Marlon Free Games, you're coming up.
Marlon's Inchicolored of Planet Cubs, the 220.
Mad Dog follows the ball game.
The only 7 to 10.
The only 8 to 10 across tonight.
I'm going to die.
