I'm dying out of here.
I think we're dying down here.
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh, you got a big one coming in.
By the way, thanks for our yesterday training me
out of the Mike May old column.
I read it all over here.
There's more stuff today about what?
Apparently there was a meeting of some pro gambling group.
And you know what?
You talk about a waste of time.
You mean about Casino?
Yeah.
I got that story.
What a waste of time.
That will never happen in this.
Of course not.
Let's stand worth time or handle it.
Okay, let Casino stand, waste of time.
Yeah, you're talking about a guy who's been spending his life walking around circles.
Like farting into a wind storm, man.
Or you just spitting into a 175 mile an hour wind storm.
Yeah, well, you know, they keep saying it's not going to be 175 miles
because it's got to go over to Yucatan and Yadi Yadiada.
But what they're forgetting about is that for it passes to the Yucatan
and through that wind shear, et cetera, and so on.
Not being a meteorologist, but just having been through several of these things lately.
Then it gets out of the open waters of the Gulf, just like Katrina did.
Yeah.
The very warm waters of the Gulf.
And then it like makes that right turn heads for Florida.
It depends on how fast it's going to.
Right.
Whether the winds are maintained.
Well, they're saying it was going 20 miles an hour, which is pretty damn fast.
So the faster it goes, the less wind shear it's going to encounter.
Unless it's the winds are going to decrease.
So they don't know.
But they never come on and say, well, we don't know.
Yeah, we won't go until for a couple of days.
Yeah.
Well, Sunday morning, I'd like to stay in.
In fact, if I were in my land, Toronto, if I were you.
Oh, yeah, we don't have too many hurricanes here now or tornado.
Well, we're getting out of town.
But well, either get out one night.
If you got to go somewhere this weekend, I actually don't.
Oh, dolphins are home against Kansas City Sunday.
Well, that's going to be ugly.
Got that game.
Wow.
If the real Kansas play shows up on Sunday, that could be really ugly, man.
Yeah, nasty.
Yeah, particularly if Jason Taylor isn't playing.
And let's see Sunday night.
The Patriots play somebody.
The Patriots this week.
Sunday night.
They're off this week.
No, are they?
Yeah.
Next week, they have a big game against Indianapolis.
I thought they played Buffalo.
Who plays Buffalo Sunday night?
Actually, Sunday night is...
Oakland Buffalo.
Oh, Oakland.
There is no Sunday night game this week.
Well, at least they could do is have a Sunday night game.
They have a world.
That's because of the World Series.
They don't play Sunday night football.
Lots of World Series then.
Okay, watch the Houston and the White Sox.
You think Houston will get over that home run?
I don't know.
Hey, you're a good one.
You know, and I don't care.
I guess you do.
You know, at least you know something about baseball.
I have a lot about baseball, but I have the interest in it.
All right, but I have interest in one question I want to ask you.
Yes.
Lidge gives up the home run to pools.
Right.
Does that put him among the all-time postseason...
Toke articles?
No, I don't think so.
I don't either.
It wasn't the last game of the series.
Thank you.
I don't think so.
Who said that?
The Harold.
Oh, the Harold.
What do they know?
They wouldn't know what baseball if you shoved a dozen more up various butt.
But a great must be on vacation at Little Quizzling because I don't...
I'm not reading any stories.
You won't be here to cover the ratings.
Huh?
You won't be here to cover the ratings on TV.
And of course, we can always count on your good friend, Paul Headed Tom Jicke to cover the ratings.
Not.
He hasn't written the story about anything local.
Forget about radio about TV in the...
Jesus was a baby.
Speaking of local TV, I want to wish I don't dull well.
Yeah, I read that article about it.
It is going into his own business.
Ed, by the way, is a big fan of my show.
Good guy.
He's always sent me a nice thing in a mail.
And I just... I don't know where, you know.
I wish him well.
He's a very good guy.
Good luck to you.
Congratulations for getting out of the business.
Always is a plus.
Everybody who ever gets out of this business, radio or TV, always improves.
Always is on the improve.
Yeah, I'm trying to get to be out of the business.
And he doesn't appreciate it.
He's never been in the business.
Anybody in that place has never been in the business.
Well, some of us have been, but that's ancient history.
Yeah, ancient being the operative word.
Yeah, just come up with those checks, Clarence.
It's all I care about.
Just come up twice a month with the checks.
That's the whole deal.
Friday, and I understand there was a lot of furniture broken at the other place across the street yesterday.
Joel Feinberg is just losing it.
Again?
That's what I'm hearing.
A lot of scuttle about that.
I haven't heard that.
Where did you get that one?
I just made it up to go.
Just to aggravate him.
Friday, he's going to be thrown.
When he sees those numbers that start with a...
Oh, boy.
That's going to be bad.
All the money daddy has spent there.
How long do you think that deal is going to go on?
I don't know.
How much ready can you absorb?
Yeah.
That's the question.
Panthers lost again last night.
Yeah, that's the last four.
I forgot about the game.
I would have watched a little bit of that, but I forgot all about it.
And then by the time I remembered it was already over 4-3 loss.
Give up four goals again.
Yeah.
Getting guy shirt too.
Yeah, I see New Indy God hurt.
Of course, that's the thing.
I mean, bringing those older guys here, then old Joe New Indy God.
I thought it was a good deal when they signed those two guys, but when you get to be past 55,
and you're still playing hockey, it's not conducive.
And those guys both have a history of being a lot of injuries too.
So maybe I was counting my chickens before they hatched when I thought they were going to have a humongous season this year.
Maybe not.
But Gelly is doing a fine job.
I just go on Gelly.
So I need to go stock up on Cougill for the weekend.
That's what I started to say before you elected me.
I don't want you to gain any weight from it, but if you're going to be like I shot in on Sunday and maybe even Monday,
I would have something in the refrigerator.
I mean, seriously, what did you do during the last two weekends when we had days when you could barely go out?
I bought some sandwiches.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sandwiches.
And I ate them with bread.
Yeah.
And it must be good for your blood sugar, huh?
Oh, my blood sugar was okay.
You know, the last person who told me that?
That's because of all the medication I take.
You know, the last person who told me that his blood sugar was okay?
Uh, fat rich.
Fat rich.
The last thing he said was...
I'm dying on the hand.
But anyway, I don't want to lecture you because I know it's when it's tough.
Uh, no.
You know, you could do the breadless sandwiches.
Get a whole bunch of cold cuts.
I told you that yesterday, get a bunch of pastrami and roast beef and sliced roast beef and some nice, deli cheeses.
Yep.
And you just make your own sandwich without the bread.
That's all.
Yeah.
What if you go...
Okay.
Oh, you're right.
I don't need a lot of sandwiches.
No, you don't need the bread.
But for a hurricane, you know.
You saw the movie Faso, right?
Yes.
Don Delaries.
And they says, you love bread.
I like bread.
You love bread.
Ever that in the arguing with Junior?
It's great.
Yeah.
I'm not a big bread guy.
If I go into an Italian restaurant, for example, or a Ruth's Chris where they bring you the warm bread, you know?
Or a restaurant where they have that nice garlic butter, you know, the real soft garlic butter that you shmere on nice, sub-warm bread.
I can't resist that.
So if I'm on my best behavior, I'll tell them, please don't bring me the bread because if you do, I'll eat it.
Yeah, that's what you need to do in restaurants, is telling what not to bring.
Yeah.
Just like I used to tell them, don't bring the rules for fat rich and then he'd reach over and grab the ones off the next table and eat those.
He thought nobody was looking.
That's like, I know a guy who was rich as size.
Who wouldn't he would walk through hotels on his way to his room and there was a room service cart?
Yeah.
Would food left over?
Used to grab the food off the room service cart.
One of the ones that was incredible.
The double stories we were in Vegas.
One of those ill-fated Bob Lincoln trips to Vegas from the station.
Remember that?
I would do.
Yeah.
And fat rich is with us and we go into, I don't remember what Matt, what Casino was in, does make any difference to buffet.
And you know, when you have the buffet, they put, when you get in the line, they give you like a little card or a little thing to put on the table.
The table is taken for somebody to serve you and then it was paid.
So we're walking through.
He takes the paid card from somebody else's table and sticks it on his table.
It was embarrassed.
Was the Imperial Palace, by the way?
Was it the Imperial Palace?
Well, we sure don't want to start off with him again, do we?
Although I'm not going to be there.
You saved the Imperial Palace?
Yeah.
That was a Bob Lincoln deal, you know?
We didn't realize that they had all Hitler's cards.
I was going to say we'll see a member of the Nazi party.
I don't want to go through it again.
Okay, let's try it out.
I'm sorry, that George brought it up again.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Shame on you, George.
I don't want to have any of your p-valvecations.
It's a...
Oh, okay.
They're very sensitive.
We love the Imperial Palace.
In fact, you people are going to...
Well, what's that restaurant that's like almost just down the street down the street from it where they love me like crazy,
but I never go there because everyone goes back to Vegas.
Rosewood Grill.
Rosewood, very good.
Oh, I know where that is.
Man, that's a good place.
I get the stakes.
Gigantic stakes in torso.
The big tank of lobsters when you walk in here and you pick one out and say, oh, I'll take Jimmy over here.
You know, they don't have a name or whatever.
That place is still there.
Yeah, Rosewood Grill is still there.
The best thing to me was the Rhapsody in the Trappocanah, which unfortunately went out of business.
That was so good.
Michael's.
The Rhapsody had the best bananas foster in...
Next time you go to Las Vegas.
Go to Michael's on me.
I'm not going to be.
I'm not going to be.
You'll go one day.
I'll bet you Greg Wied's life on it out through in Maddie Bell too right now.
Angel of Fineberg.
You're on.
This kid will never go to Vegas again.
You're on.
I mean, they go there for me.
I've seen them all.
In the last couple of times I went there, every...
I mean, granted, there's some very palatial place.
I do like the Paris.
I like that atmosphere where you feel like you're outside, you know.
But most of them, when you're inside a casino, you look around and they're generic.
They could be anything.
You know what I mean?
They all look the same.
It's a bunch of tables and slot machines.
The wind doesn't look the same.
Oh, I haven't been in that.
In fact, I was invited.
There's a fight out there on November 12th and promoted.
I invited me out there yesterday to stay at the wind.
And I made do that just to stay there.
Yeah.
Could kill any of them.
I haven't stayed there.
I've seen it.
Oh, pretty impressive.
Yeah.
Now, where is that?
Is that where the old...
It's where the old desert end was.
Oh, I see.
Well, I'll take your word for it.
I'm not going back.
If I want to lose my ass, I can go right out.
I can happen again.
Well, for some reason, you have to go there.
I'll be at Woodbine.
I've got 3,000 slots or whatever they got there.
Or I can go an hour and 20 minutes and go to Niagara Falls to the Falls View.
And they've got 3,000 slots there.
And tables and a bit of a huge race book.
What do I need to go to Vegas for?
To have dinner at Michael's, my treat.
No, no.
In fact, they've got some really good restaurants in Niagara Falls.
Ontario.
I won't be going there.
Why not?
To Niagara Falls.
Someday, someday you'll have to cover a big race at Woodbine.
Who knows what that'll be.
I've done that, actually.
Well, there you go.
It's going to be a journey.
They will come again.
They've got some pretty big races here now and then.
And you'll end Frankie Ditorio, he'll be riding the winner.
And you'll come up and we'll go to Niagara Falls to a Falls View.
All right.
It's a deal.
Okay.
My personal cab driver will take us there.
I'm ready.
The same one that's picking me up at two o'clock today to take me out to a funz my gutzai.
Well, good luck today.
Well, you know something.
When you reach this point in life and you've worked all your life and you've been able to put aside a pretty good place.
It's a fairly good amount of money.
You know, just spend it and enjoy it.
What are you going to do putting it in the box with you when you croak?
I'm going to spend it.
That's right.
It's going to punch your gutzai.
I had a good time with it.
And today, being Wednesday, this is kind of like a good midweek.
I'm sure there's a lot of stuff for you to plunge on today.
They're just racing everywhere today.
Really?
Yeah, I could go out to Calder and do some Simon Cash.
I'd Delaware Park at 12.45.
Oh, I'm having lunch today with Sid.
Keelah to 115, Hawthorne to 210, San Anita to 4.
I'm having lunch today with Sidney.
And I'm Wednesday.
And he wants your phone number.
Wednesday, well, I have George Givetia.
Okay.
Delay to talk to him.
Wood buying the Thurbrids, I'm Wednesday at 6.45.
Because they don't have harness racing on Wednesday.
They have the Thurbrids at night.
Which I like that.
Give it to the runners at night.
Yeah, metal ants.
Like metal ants.
metal ants now.
Hollywood Park.
Hollywood Park on Fridays.
Do they really?
Yeah, it's great to eat.
It's kind of fun.
I don't know why they don't do more of that.
Well, I can say this.
The reason that they brought these legislators up to Toronto for the meetings with the Stronk people.
Was because they're lobbying to get night racing.
Down here.
So that's in their plans.
Well, that's not going to go over too well with Pompo-no Park and with the dogs in the highlights.
But I think that's always been Stronk's agenda to get rid of that competition.
To get rid of the competition?
Yeah, to put those people out of that stuff.
Great.
No, that's been his deal all along.
Are you eating something this morning?
A cough drop.
Do I see?
I knew he had something.
Can't fool me even from a thousand miles away.
A cough drop for what?
Don't tell me you're getting sick now.
No, I was sick.
I was the week you were on vacation.
I had a cold, but I worked through it.
Yeah.
I had the airline flu.
Oh, cold.
The one day thing, you know, come after the trip back.
The one day you get all the way.
Good thing I came back a couple of days early because that flight back.
Oh, brother.
So for one day I had the raw throat and I thought I was getting sick and I got a great night's sleep
about nine hours and more up in the river.
Yeah, that's what I had.
I came back from New York and the shore.
Oh, in North Carolina.
There it was.
The Aeron, those planes man, is really bad.
What they ought to do is give you your own personal tank of oxygen.
Let's you breathe some real air.
It's bad.
Okay.
Well, I think we killed some good time this morning.
Yes, we did.
And we got the big hurricane.
Come over.
We got Wilma and Fred Flintstone.
They're all coming on Sunday.
Really?
Yeah, I'm going to say now Sunday.
Sunday morning about 2 a.m.
And then he go back to the bees and it's Barney.
So I would go over to the epicure today and I'd stock up on a whole bunch of stuff put in the fridge.
Maybe not today.
Maybe Friday.
Yeah, I wait till it's fresh.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Villa Deli's not there anymore.
No.
Can't go back.
Tell said I said hi by the way.
I will.
I'm going to make his for me.
I'll get the number from George.
Okay.
He just wants to go on and say hi.
It's been a long time.
Say hi.
Okay.
Happy Yasukas did.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One n06
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Anytime they see that we're lacking in the norm
They probably have life that will be too bad and no
You say, you say, is the world too bad?
Now they have only one big tableware
Don't forget about the system we got us
Our way of hoping to save you got us
We won't let our best of all you got us
We're supposed to keep us
We say, not a level is what they've got you to be
Can't get any closer to the whole party party to be
You do what they say like they're going to come and go
As they use their machines, us doing the same
So they fall right through
I'm not a heavy electric robot without a wish
That's your hootie
We're going to have Wilma's expected a weekend
And it does have its eye set on Florida at this time
It's still a little too early to pinpoint exactly where
The farther west that it goes in this area
the farther north it will likely hit on Florida.
Oh, please.
North that we wish anybody had liked
to our friends up north and Florida, but please.
It's also going to be picking up some forward speed
as it starts to make that right hand turn.
And we are expecting landfall sometime late likely
on Saturday.
2 a.m. Sunday, there's saying that's a late Saturday
or early Sunday.
I'm just talking to that right now.
If I hear the ideal, Hurricane will
insist and winds reach 175 miles an hour.
And it's pressure dropped as low as 8 a.m. to 11 bars.
This morning making it the strongest
category of African hurricane on record ever
with a projected path across his southern Florida
from east to west.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my,
God.
This is the lowest pressure on record for any hurricane
in the Atlantic Basin ever since the beginning record
time, since before Jesus was a baby, since before Abraham
met Solomon.
Hugh Cobb, a meteorologist at the Hurricane Center, said
Wilma was stronger than the devastating Liberty Hurricane
that hit the keys in 35, the most powerful Atlantic
hurricane to make landfall on record.
But Wilma wasn't expected to keep its record strength
for long as higher disruptive atmospheric winds
in the Gulf of Mexico around the hurricane.
Should we can it be for a landfall Cobb said,
what if he's came to Eddie Cobb?
Or what if he ever knew Genghis Khan?
Hurricane Wilma appeared determined
to make a dramatic right turn towards South Florida,
possibly arriving with winds of up to 150 miles an hour
on Saturday, though the region could start feeling
reigned from its fringes on Friday.
OK?
OK.
I think what we ought to do, and I'm mentioning it now,
even though it's Wednesday, is starting on Friday.
Let's have Eric put a thing on what she's done before.
Actually, a job, by the way, Eric, keep by doing it.
Put a tracking map on our website.
Not that most people are going to use our website,
but some of them will.
So people can keep their eye on where it's going
and what's going to happen and whether they're
going to be alive or not by Monday.
I get out of town.
I go somewhere safe like New Orleans.
Good idea.
You see they're having a big party there on Bourbon Street
again.
They're all like Boos and Leigh.
I want to be surprised that the fat ass governor's
kid is there again, too.
Boos and up big time is the other day.
Wouldn't surprise me if maybe Noel is there, too.
She doesn't know it's for a good time.
She's a party animal.
Hurricane Wilma appeared to make a dramatic right turn
towards South Florida.
You see, what did I tell you about God and his A-Man?
You people think I'm just a funnily all the time.
I'm telling you right now, the Lord is pissed off, man.
He is so pissed off at your fat ass governor.
Anyway, it's expected to make a dramatic right turn,
possibly arriving with winds of up to 115.
I think I just read that.
Wilma, these seasons, record time,
truck hurricane intensified to a strong cat five this morning.
The fastest strengthening ever in Atlanta, Hurricane,
the fastest ever.
And it was forecast to reach the Gulf of Mexico Friday afternoon
after marching northwest, of course, across the Caribbean,
the Caribbean.
The tightly packed system of Hurricane force winds
extended only 15 miles out from the eye.
Was projected to accelerate toward Florida's Gulf Coast
and strike near Naples by Saturday evening.
Right there in the middle of Beasley headquarters,
how do you like that?
Oh, my God.
That's what this is all about.
God is pissed off at Joyce.
You're going to get Joyce by Saturday evening.
Potentially is a cat four with 145 mile hour winds
after weekends of it.
You hear this?
This is a hell of a lot different than what they're peddling
to be asked to peddling on the certainly not news network,
where they keep showing it's going to be a cat two
when it can make landfall, huh?
Huh?
Potentially is a category four with near 145 mile hour winds.
And of course, as it goes across the state,
it weakens because it hits all those mountains, you know,
like in central Florida.
Right.
As it crosses the Everglades, wow.
Wilma's near its maximum potential intensity
and further strength than he was not anticipated.
Well, thank the Lord for that because he is really obviously
as wrath is waxing hot and he is foaming at the mouth.
He is sticking that finger out.
Wee, that, that every time he does that.
From there, Wilma might build just off the lake
okay, Chobie and emerging the Atlantic nearest steward.
Oh, not those poor red necks again.
Damn, possibly retaining 150 mile hour strength
according to the National Hurricane Center indeed.
There hasn't been much between Cape Sable
and Miamina's slow at down.
Hurricane's specialist, panics specialist,
Stacy Stewart said, plus you have Everglades water,
which is very, very warm.
We can easily be dealing with a cat three
on this side of the state.
At 5 a.m., this morning,
proper storm force winds extend 160 miles
off from the center.
Hurricane watches could be hoisted in South Florida
by Thursday by tomorrow.
And because of the threat of storm surge
and evacuation of coastal residents
could be ordered on Thursday or Friday,
emergency managers are saying at this moment, as I speak.
If the current track holds, Wilma could be Irene
on steroids said Tony Carper,
Broward's emergency management director
referring to Hurricane Irene,
which in October 99 left widespread flooding
over South Florida.
Remember Irene?
I do remember there was a song about good night Irene.
By who?
Who the hell knows some old fart?
I don't think there was going to be
quite as much rain as there was with Irene,
but when's it going to be stronger?
He said it's almost the same track as Irene.
Under the forecast, South Florida would be
on the storm's right or the more vicious side
on the Sidbicious side, not good.
I've been thinking about that.
It says in your mind, as you see it,
like going across beyond the right hand side.
And could see up to seven inches of rain
starting as early as Friday morning.
The winds would pick up on Saturday
and right through the night they would be raging.
It says, you're raging winds,
conditions would start flooding on Sunday.
Now is the time for folks in South Florida
to get their hurricane planned back out
and dust it off because the season's not over.
It's still where it said, there you go.
Now is the time.
South Florida, they say, is in for a rough weekend.
A cool front to sending southeast across the country
is expected to force women to make that sharp right turn.
So here you go.
What's said we didn't warn you here on the very news intensive
near Roger show on the highly news intensive WQA
where we don't even have a newswire,
much less of weather wire.
What we do, when we want to know what the weather is,
we have the water knots, you go to the window
and stick her finger out the window.
And then she says,
Greg gets raining.
And then we know it's, you know, what's going on.
And that's the way we do it?
It's something like that.
Yeah.
And then the law runs up and out of Greg.
It's a storm. It's a storm.
It goes around.
Hey, enough.
You're fairly.
Well, you are some, some worse man.
You really are.
You can't complain about his pair
because he's an old smoothie.
Believe me.
Look at that.
We got almost 400 votes on a pool.
Today I haven't even said what it is yet.
Because we got some fish to fry, baby.
And we'll get to it when we're good and ready.
Study for Friday.
Speaking of the way this world is going
with all these disasters and stuff,
another strong earthquake
rocked Eastern Japan late today
because they're way ahead of us.
And more ways than one.
The meteorological agency says there were no immediate
reports of injuries damaged riskabase tsunami from the quake.
They magnitude 6.2 quake centered off the coast of Iboraki,
short buildings in Tokyo and nearby are
is including Iboraki, Chiba and Fukushima
perfect prefectures.
Whatever that is.
But you know about that your daughter was a kid.
And got out just in time, by the way.
This is new rock.
Get back to your safe, Florida.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Oh my God.
I'm dying out of here.
Nivellin' on spawns key.
Watchin' my yacht break.
Those Key West residents left the turmoil.
Scrummin' my sick strain.
While my front porch swings.
Those whirling clouds have begun in a boil.
Evacuation time in Ridaville.
Absolutely.
I'm sayin' cause I don't money a solve.
Some people claim I should run from hurricanes.
But I love.
Reasons see water solve.
I don't know the reason.
And hurricane season.
While people start freaking and leaving a fry.
So what it ain't sunny.
And winter one's one a.
No weather's just perfect for flyin' a kite.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying out of here.
Evacuation time in Ridaville.
You fairy.
A lyrton people to run away from it all.
But I'm gonna stay through this readout hurricane.
Cause I know.
Reasons see water solve.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
But you know, I haven't lived almost 30 years.
In South Florida.
I just remember the last couple of years it's like accelerated something fierce.
Isn't it or is just my imagination?
We all discuss it often.
We didn't have to like sit on Tinder hosts all the time waiting every week or week and a half for another one.
Maybe a couple of times a year we'd have to go through this.
Hurricane season that nothing.
But now it's like the end of the world.
Here's the pull result from yesterday.
We had 1675 votes.
The most obnoxious character from any TV show ever.
Is you know who we left off?
I give up.
Paris Hilton was that awful show that she's on.
It's been canceled.
Oh, it's a reality show anyway.
So we mixed the other reality character.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, Roseanne, you can't get much fatter or much more real than that.
364.
She edged out the nanny.
They had a real good battle.
Knows to nose as to ask.
351 for the nanny.
Steve Irkho from Family Matters 214.
He gave it a good shot but couldn't catch the top pair.
214.
And after that boy really small taters.
Horshack welcome back.
Cater 66, Mod 66.
Screech from Save By The Bell 63.
Mr. T-46.
Fool.
Will Smith 41.
Mimi from the New Curious Show.
That's screaming Mimi 41.
Go more piled 40.
Fond Z from Happy Days 39.
Don't say it.
Martin 32.
Dr. Smith lost in space 32.
Joey from Friends 28.
Is he funny?
No.
Can he sing?
No.
Can he dance?
Is he talented?
Is he good looking?
Ray from Everybody Loves Rayman 23.
Larry David from Curb Your Enthusiasm 21.
J.J. from Good Times 19.
Another Goofball.
Balke from Perfect Stranger 17.
Fez from that 70 show.
16 hours.
He came to Fez Wattley from the Iran and Ron Show.
You know what?
There's lots of the lyrty there.
Yeah.
Barberine, you're welcome back.
That's John Revolter.
There's another Scientologist.
Oh, you know what that means?
You fairy.
16.
Mark from Morekin Mindy 15.
Louis from Taxi 15.
Little Gary Coleman from Difference Stroke 13.
He just turned 97, by the way.
Still two feet tall.
J.R. you in 13.
Squity from the Vernon Shirley.
Shlamiel Schlamazel 10.
Monroe, two close for Comfort 8.
He'll stop from Ed.
He'd head 8.
Joey from Blossom 7.
Tom Bosley from Happy Days 7.
Karen Willingia Grace 6.
Schneider from One Day to Time 6.
Kojak 6.
Oh, come on.
Are you anti-Greek or something?
What is wrong with you people?
Uncle Jesse from Full House 5.
Daniel from Full House 5.
LeVearn from LeVearn and Squirley 4.
Maria Hendrix from Boston, cubic 4.
Flow from Alice 3.
Jane from the Beverly Hillbillies had a pair.
Lenny from LeVearn and Shirley 2.
And Alice from the Brady Bunch had a East Grunge at Solomente Uno.
Just one.
Oh, there's that broad again.
She's strange.
She's been extremely dangerous, Storm.
And even though some weakening is expected, we need to prepare and plan.
She looks a little bit like Christy Kruger and Karen Black.
A little bit.
Oh, Sam.
In other words, every time she has a conference with herself,
he always meets eye to eye.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, I'm saying that she's a bizarre.
The judge presiding over the first trial of Saddam Hussein
had joined the proceedings until November 28th,
granted the defense request for a delay after the former,
or that's a delay, requesting after the former acculator
entered a not guilty plea.
Who Sam and the seven co-defendants were charged with ordering
the killings of more than 140 Iraqis in Bigial in 1982.
He's already spent a lot of time into jail, following an attempt to assassinate
Hussein where he was visiting the town,
who say the other's answered innocent when the presiding judge asked for their pleas.
Hussein's lead attorney told CNN that he wanted the continuance of at least three months
because the majority of the defense lawyers are not sufficiently experienced
in international law in cases of this magnitude.
And he said, you've got to allow Z2 to get out of my face.
So they get into November 28th, and then they can start hyperventilating all over again.
Okay, here's today's poll.
We already have 432 votes.
Now, I also didn't, I didn't put a choice on there for like,
there was no such thing or any, I hate that anyway.
No, well not only that, but in this particular case,
anybody who doubts that America, the whole concept in America now is celebrating mediocrity,
you must be living like in, on Uranus or somewhere, maybe in Siberia.
You must have been out of the country for a long, long time.
432 votes, who are what best to minimize as America's celebration of mediocrity?
George W. Bush 220, and I see the only problem with that.
We're looking at 4444 on the votes, 4444.
Uh-oh. Wow.
The only problem with that is I knew he would win, but see mediocrity,
by voting for Bush, you're insulting all the mediocre people and things.
Right.
Because he's so far below mediocrity, it's some,
there isn't even a category that's been invented yet.
We may still afford, it looks like a rocket scientist.
That's how stupid and inept and incompetent and idiotic and pathetic he is.
But nevertheless, George W. 220, nobody will touch him, so to speak.
The education system 51, good thing we came up with that,
because that's zooming up toward, well, second anyway.
Democratic Party 40, that's what I voted for, a disgrace, a shame and a shame.
Just, you know what they remind me of, they remind me of Dush,
no balls, weak, wimpy, jewelry brim and epitomizes the Democratic Party.
He's on the poll too.
TV 30, TV's got,
BOT 30, man.
Yeah.
The NFL 17, Brownie Brown, heck of a job man, 16.
John Kerry 15, he did win the election though, but a little bit too much,
too much, too much, too much, too much, I'm prevented from having a comfortable Christian
that they couldn't have fixed.
Condoleezah 13, who might be the next vice president by the way,
we'll get to that story of the rumors about Dick Cheney resigning.
Harriet Myers 13, I hear that Condoleezah and Harriet,
that somebody's got, maybe Miss Farge has got those pictures of them doing it like,
wow, 30 hair.
Yes, to us.
Congress 12, Al Gore 10 and Julie Rehrmann has got seven.
Oh, it's a celebration of mediocrity.
And again, we apologize to all those mediocre things in people in the world
because most of the things and people on this list are way below media ochre.
Speaking of media ochre, we got Mohawir David at two o'clock this afternoon.
Then we rise to excellence at four mad dogs, you managed.
Nice photo there in the sunset, is there, did you see it?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Did you watch it?
Yeah, did you watch it?
Oh, you can watch it?
Oh, that's what you got to see.
Oh, I didn't see that.
It's a great idea.
I'll do that one of these days.
I'll do that one of the breaks.
Mad Dog at four, seven o'clock at two o'clock in hotline for Bernie Kosa,
our steakhouse in South Miami.
How those panthers come in, Bernie?
We bought the Panthers.
A Bernie butchup.
Are the beast at Bernie's at nine at a Kaplan show, Tim?
We got no panther game tonight.
Let's see, the Panthers are home to Marinette against the caps at seven.
Better like turning it around quick boys.
Crank it up a nod.
You're the Roger.
Miss is 5'69".
Open.
Ever wonder what happened to the British super group Oasis?
No, lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the Beatles.
Not even close.
Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before.
It's Oasis.
Don't let it be.
Be not in right away.
Oasis.
Don't let it be.
It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs like this.
I'd like to be.
Beneath the service of the ocean.
In and eight arms.
Secretious cultivation that's with you.
Oasis.
Don't let it be.
We'll move.
It will scound you.
It will make John Lennon spin in his grave.
And at the conclusion.
The love you receive is directly proportionate to the love.
You can imagine.
And look for no-damagers new solo LP, Abbey Highway on Stample Records.
Okay, get this ready.
You're right.
That's one of the most hysterical things they've ever heard.
We've got to play the audio of that on the E-Rex on Stample Records.
That is fabulous.
Can we steal it?
Why not?
What do you mean, can we steal it?
It's public domain, baby.
It's public domain.
They'd love for us to play it.
Somebody might actually think that your son centels are real newspaper.
So what you need to do, because I can't play the audio here other than over the speaker, which isn't going to sound good.
You can play it through the board.
So go to the soncentle.com and then click on sports.
Well, when you're on the home page.
It's just look on the top right.
Is there?
I see.
Well, whatever you can talk them through it.
In the meantime, you sent me a fact.
You sent me the story that I told you about this one before the show, which I appreciate somebody sending to me, because they had no way of knowing that I knew it.
Well, what are the five eight back?
I see.
Albert Kirkini, Mexico.
This is a great story.
The author of a new state law that allows felony charges against owners of dangerous dogs was hospitalized over the weekend after his own dog attacked him.
Oh, yeah.
Bob Schwartz, who's also governor Bill Richardson's crime adviser, was hospitalized at University of New Mexico Hospital Sunday night, with bites on both arms said,
Paul Shipley, a spokesman for the governor, a hospital spokeswoman declined to release Schwartz's condition, but Shipley said Schwartz is going to be fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Schwartz has three dogs registered with the city of Boxer into English bulldogs. Schwartz was instrumental in getting a law passed during this year's regular legislation that would allow felony charges to be filed against owners of dogs deemed dangerous or potentially dangerous, and that's serious they injured or killed another animal or person.
The law was designed to make dog owners accountable since Senator Sue Wilson Befford, who worked with Schwartz to pass the bill.
But I guess when it happens in your own family, that's another story she said that's tragic.
Wilcox said Sunday, her office hadn't received a bite report from University Hospital, which is a requirement a dog bite leads to medical attention, a bite report.
Have you ever have a bite report?
No.
Well, you will.
Hey, by the way, as I'm loading up this video and whatnot, notice the poll that they're taking on there right next to the sports side.
What is it?
I want to alert the audience to it.
They're taking an evolution poll, which one do you believe?
I'll take you one thing, the newspapers in South Florida certainly haven't evolved very much.
In fact, they have devolved since I've been in town.
They've taken gigantic steps backward.
Where are you seeing that on the front page, since I'm...
It's kind of on the right.
I don't see it.
I don't see the poll.
Well, I don't see the video, so I guess we're even.
Do what I actually do.
Okay, don't pay attention to little Miss Muffet over there.
Click on sports.
Okay, see what's this sports?
Uh-huh.
Click on sports.
And then scroll down and you'll see a picture.
It says instant replay.
You'll see Mad Dog with a very funky Michigan sweater on.
See it?
I clicked on it.
Got it.
Oh, not well.
Click on it.
We're underneath.
This is Dolphins commentary.
Yeah.
Click on that.
And then it'll go to the page.
This is the edge.
And then where it says instant replay, it spends instant replay.
Click on that again.
And then it'll come up in the load.
And then don't panic.
Because it'll go to a page.
And then it just opens the appart on the board.
And the audio will eventually out of nowhere.
Just like a surprise.
Exactly.
A little pop up.
Hopefully.
I'm looking at a picture.
I mean, I opened it.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
I'm in the pressure.
We'll go to Tampa on our behalf.
...to Maditcho.
The mere mention of his name.
Conju's images of Michigan.
Green lizards.
And...
I want my Army.
My dog.
Yes, sir.
The masses.
You're people.
You're youngsters, if you will.
Want to know how you're doing.
Never better.
Fan freckin'-tastic.
The only way I could be better
is if I were twins.
To those fine folks.
Striving around with our windows down, us and here, thank you.
How about a quick rundown of the dolphins now that you aren't paid by them?
I like sports fans, Nick Sraven, tough little SOB, he'll get the job done.
Shannon Crowder, that boy is a man.
Ronnie Brown and Ricky in the same backfield makes my toes tingle.
And that case in Sam, hired to believe it's been almost a decade.
Finally, how much has it hurt to not be calling the games?
Son, I got the big bucks. I'm happy.
Who the hell am I kidding? It's unbearable.
Just like Ohio State beating the boys in blue.
I long just one more time to say, yeah!
To go to the locker room for some defensive perspective,
to talk about the center of calminor emanating from my performance.
To share a pop with my play-by-play guy, I'm getting wavy. Cut the tape.
Oh man, all there is, there is no more.
Yes! Yes!
That is sensational. Wow.
Isn't that great? After, uh, permanently record that.
It brings the tear to my eye. It's just a beautiful thing.
He's crying to the tune of the Michigan Fights.
Oh, that's great. I was going there, whoever that was at the Sun Temple.
How should we do?
Well, yeah, we don't know.
And we don't care quite frankly. Well, what's something actually good that they did?
I guarantee you, Tom Jicke would never come up with that.
493 votes, I bet you will have over 500 by the end of the three.
We're not going to go through this again today, are we? 496?
Yeah, yes, today was a little bit too close for comfort for my, uh, you know,
or amusement. Don't have to go through what a few don't want to.
I'm not going to.
Well, case to roster off, we have 600 votes.
If we have 800, we have 55 million, whatever it is, it'll be, you know,
case to roster off like Doris Day would say.
Remember Doris Day and rock Hudson.
Hey, she was.
No, he was.
Yeah, he was.
496.
Okay, there's a way.
Now we can add some things out of this pool or not as the case may be.
We got a big face to fry with this Wilma thing.
And we're going to keep you like right abreast right on top of it.
Man, we're going to keep your nose right to the grindstone.
Get out of, get out of Dodge. Just get out of town.
Go somewhere.
Go somewhere you'll be safe like the keys.
Oops, no, that's not it.
By the way, all non-residents have been told to get there a lot of their in the keys.
They've been ordered to evacuate.
In fact, once they saw this, the Wilma thing, there probably a lot of evacuation going on down there.
But we better not talk about it.
Can you imagine?
I bet you that the eye of the storm is going to go right through Joyce's desk.
Can you see it now?
It's going to pass right over.
I'm going to sacrifice a chicken just to make it happen.
Yeah, I would be so pleased to see that.
Maybe we could say crap again on the ear for Joyce Met her maker, Met Marvin Maker.
We hate you Joyce, and we wish you die a wicked nasty, horrible death.
And that's a truth.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, because you're an idiot and you're totally unqualified.
You are to this radio station.
What condolese is to the state of garment.
You are to this radio station.
What W is to the White House.
You are to this radio station.
What Jimmy Cifalus is to Dolphin Broadcasting.
But anyway, if you believe this story or not,
let's see if this call is for real.
QIM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just have two Jehovah's Witness like run out of my house.
Oh, good.
So, please fire up a couple of warning shots up in here is a good idea.
They try to give me that watchtower thing.
I feel it's no thanks.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
And if they try to get me into the talk conversation of all things,
I'm believe I'm like, no, thanks.
If you want to believe that, that's fine.
I have my own beliefs.
Tell them, look at the calendar.
It's past October 1st, which means if you don't believe it,
you can't stop until it's time thing.
You'll meet your maker real soon.
So, we show.
Bye-bye.
Nice job, Pali.
Just say no to the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Couple of warning shots.
First of all, when you see him coming to the door.
Anyway, an angry president bush-reviewed political chief guru Carl Rove
two years ago for his role in the Valerie Claymafear.
Source is told in New York Daily News that daily news is all over this
like stink on Joel LaFineberg.
He made his displeasure known to Carl a presidential counselor told the news.
He made his life miserable about this.
How do you like that?
Do we believe it?
I don't know.
Bush has nevertheless remained dogly loyal to Rove,
who friends in even political adversaries acknowledge is the architect
of the president's rise from baseball owner to leader of the free world.
My ass.
A special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald,
he has a decision perhaps as early as today.
Did you hear that?
Today.
Today, on whether to wish you indictments in his two-year pro,
Bush is already circled to wagons around Rove,
whose departure would be a grievous blow to already shell-shock White House staff
and a president in deep political do-do.
As to if he believed indictments were forthcoming,
or he Bush official said he didn't know that he had it,
I'm very concerned if you go very, very badly.
Two varies.
Carl is fighting for his life, if he's latter,
but anything that he did was done to help towards W. Bush,
the president knows and appreciates that.
Other sources confirmed, however, that Bush was initially furious
with Rove in 2003 when his deputy chief of staff
conceded the attack to the press about the plain leak.
Bush was always known that Rove often talks with reporters anonymously
and has generally approved as such contacts once or said,
but the president fell Rove and other members of the White House damage control team.
They clumsy job in their campaign to discredit claims has been Joseph Wilson.
In other words, he wasn't upset that they did it,
but it was a clumsy job.
See, a second well-play source said some recently published reports
in flying Rove had deceived Bush about his involvement in the Wilson counterattack,
were incorrect and were leaked by White House aides trying to protect the president.
Bush did not feel misled so much by Carl.
Others have believed they handled and they hand-handed,
and Bush laid away the source and said,
kind of like Brownie, none of these sources offered additional specifics
of what Bush and Rove discussed in conversations beginning shortly after the Justice Department
informed the White House in September 2003 that a criminal investigation
had been launched in the leak of claims identity,
the columnist, the anxious Nazi Robert Novak,
a White House spokesman declined to comment,
saying the ongoing nature of course of the Bureau's investigation.
10.57 will keep our eye on Wilma by the way.
This is the new Roger.
This is 5.16.28.
This is the new Roger show.
What's solid?
This is your brain.
What?
What?
Any questions?
From producer Mark Burnett,
it starts with 16 castaways,
but in the end only one will be chosen by the Donald to become
the new lead singer of Internet.
Survivor, on credits.
Welcome to the Global Counselor.
This is a compliment.
Your fire will be extinguished if you don't rock the wafters
on new sensation.
Give it up everybody.
Survivor, on credits, in excess.
Right after Mark Burnett's other news show,
the contender, Martha Stewart.
Okay, Salon, what am I?
Hey, yo, Mark, hey, that really hurt.
Oh, hey!
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's the 11 a.m. advisory on Wilma.
Oh, there's that broad again, I'm CNN.
That's major hurricane.
Okay.
Potentially catastrophic category 5 hurricane willma continues
west, northwestern, and a hurricane-warnings vision.
What is that?
What's that?
It's a dead-poor music.
Oh, hurricane-warnings finished it for a portion of the Eucotain.
I'll keep that going.
I like that.
Because this is kind of boring otherwise.
It'll spice it up a little bit.
I got a bunch.
Thank you, Mark.
You got the Eucotain.
You got the Euclidstone team, some by the Spice Girls.
That'll really do it.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Mexico
issued a hurricane-warning from Santa Lipe to Tulum on the Eucatan Peninsula,
including Kazumel and nearby islands.
Hurricane conditions also possible on Swan Island.
At 11 o'clock, that's all there is.
Oh.
The government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning from South of Tulum to Chitumal.
I beg your pardon.
At 11 o'clock, the government of Belize issued a tropical storm warning for Belize
from the border of Mexico, South of Tulum to Belize City.
A hurricane watch remains in effect for the east coast of the Eucatan Peninsula from South
of Tulum to Pudegruesa.
A hurricane watch remains in effect in Cuba, all my goodness.
In Cree, Blackfoot.
The provinces of Mancanzas, westward through Pinede del Rio and to the Isle of Youth.
I wonder if alien is living there, the Isle of Youth.
A tropical storm warning remains in effect for Honduras from the Honduras Nicaragua border
and westward to Cabo Cometón.
Cabo storm warning in Hurricane Watch remain in effect for the Cayman Islands.
All interest in the Florida Keys and the Florida Peninsula, as you should closely monitor the progress of extremely dangerous hurricane Wilma.
Extremely dangerous, okay.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Not extremely dangerous.
What extremely dangerous hurricane Wilma.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll open a clock.
The center of Hurricane Wilma was located near latitude 17.4 North.
Longitude 83.2 west or about about 325 miles southeast of Cusumal Mexico.
Wilma is moving toward the west northwest near 7 miles an hour.
A turn toward the northwestern specter in the next 24 hours.
Maximum sustained winds are near 175 mile hour with higher gusts.
Wilma is a potentially catastrophic category 5 hurricane on these surface imps and scale.
Fluctuations and intensity are common in hurricanes of this intensity, likely to in the next 24 hours.
Hurricane Force, Windsor, now word up to 50 miles from the center and tropical storm force, Windsor, now word up to 260 miles.
Estimated minimum central pressure is 882 millivars 26.5 inches.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Wilma is expected to produce storm total accumulations of 10 to 15 inches.
The local amounts do 25 inches.
The amount is to rain across Cuba through Friday.
Additional rainfall accumulations of 5 to 10 inches.
The local amounts of 15 inches are possible across the Cayman Islands, Swan Island and Jamaica, Mon, through Tuesday.
It's a good storm month.
Storm total accumulations of 46 inches will isolated amounts of 8 to 12 inches, or possible from Honduras, North-Earth or to the Yucatan, through Thursday.
And intermediate advisory coming at 2.
Okay, coming at 2.
We have that.
Maybe if it comes in just before the end of the ESM, the show.
Because now I finally figured out how to get that like immediately as soon as they put it on there.
Oh good.
I got it.
You'll love this story from Bangkok.
An ice cream vendor attacked a Bangkok dentist with a small sword, breaking his arm and badly cutting his face fully said today.
Oh man.
Maybe this guy tied one on.
I don't know.
Sambun, Saicita, 43.
Stormed Pompod, Sir Wong's Adam, these names are ridiculous.
Dental clinic in Bangkok yesterday.
Assaulting the man because three years ago he mistreated Sambun by leaving an infected tooth in his mouth and pulling out a healthy one.
Oh it's taken out to bad not leaving in a good one deal.
You know.
Sambun claimed his legs there, led the weakness in his left arm and leg and eventually he'd like to strengthen the pedal his ice cream tricycle card, forcing him to stop working.
Oh when you can't pat it to your cart no more you're done.
Sambun was charged with attempted murder, police were holding him in custody pending trial.
Maybe he can come to Florida okay because I think it's good under similar circumstances with the new shoot him up for a law starting October 1.
I think he'd be more than justified if that ass governor would come and testify himself.
Especially if he could get like some free dental care or some free ice cream for his family.
When you think?
Let me know so.
537 votes on a pool already were kicking some serious ass man.
It's all I can tell you.
Oh there's Christiana Amman Pura.
She just impresses the crap out of me not.
537 she's still got a I am surprised.
Didn't they have to do like an operation to get her head on the previous post but?
And he was in the way of father the only father.
Anyway who are what best to minimize the America's celebration of mediocrity?
George W. Bush 264 way way below mediocre believe you may.
Media okay would be a big improvement.
The education system 68 Democratic Party 49 what about your whims what about your weak need pansies?
TV 38 as mediocre as it gets the NFL 20 they got parody all right they got crap 32 crap teams.
Brownie Brown 19 a heck of a guy doing a heck of a job John Kerry 19 Harriet Meyer 17 Congress 816
Condoleezo 13 your next vice president maybe Al Gore 11 and Julie women's got 10 out of 543.
We're rolling along here man singing a song the book comes out on Friday.
What a pressure packed week there might be indictments in this whole playing game thing today.
Right and we got the book coming on Friday and we got will not come over the weekend and we got choices
Gonna get blown off into the ocean.
It's gonna pick up her anger desk and blow him right across the Everglades right out through right right over the top of the station as a parting shot
And then but a thing right in the ocean never to be seen again and if anybody deserves it man.
She is so clueless although he thought she was wimpy I told you about that call I had from the operations manager yesterday.
Yes you did hyperventilating about something that we played for years and you know this silly but that's okay no problem.
Also what you know when you don't have any balls you know it reminds me of like here they've got big build board campaign that's ongoing for the fan the sports station are good friends there.
And it says we've got balls the fan 790 whatever the frequency is 590 whatever and of course they don't have no damage to lately here.
See that's the difference I still say it would be a great idea for Duff to like he could see he could spearhead the movement.
We can get together with promotions and we can have a big build board campaign saying QAM 560 we lost our balls.
Wouldn't it be good help us find them? Yeah or no we just we lost them or we don't we don't have no balls.
White House watch Cheney Resonation rumors fly oh my god this is in the US news and actually originated Washington Post.
It says spark by today's Washington Post story that suggests Vice President Cheney's office is involved in the Plame CIA Spiral and Convestigation.
Government officials and advisors passed around rumors that the Vice President might step aside and that President Bush would elevate hold on tight.
Secretly of state. Condoleez arise oh my god.
Yeah how do you like that boys and girls and I'm playing the original kind of leez of it right now.
Double dog Daria. Double Bing Dong dog Daria. I'm almost to knock my soda over on that.
Yeah you do it. All right it's certainly an interesting thought but I still think highly doubtful scenario
citizen spider and if that should happen out of the official they will undoubtedly be those who believe the whole thing was orchestrated.
Another brilliant Maccabilly and moved by the VP said another Bush associate of the rumor yes this is not good.
The rumors spread so fast that some Republicans by late morning yesterday were already drawing up reasons why rice couldn't get the job or run from president in 2008.
Isn't she pro choice as to keep Senate Republican aid many White House insiders high ever said the poster and reports that the investigation was coming to a close had officials
and said more focused on who would be dragged into the affair and if top aides would be indebted and a force to resign.
Retire. Folks on the inside and near the insider holding their breath and wondering what's next at a Bush advisor but he ended they are focused on the future of the Vice President not that at least not seriously he said yet.
I believe that for VP there you go what a joke talk about mediocrity that's doctor rice to you doctor rice.
Okay one take a few calls here. Yeah I will know but I want you to and I don't know why she didn't continue doing this.
Sodden trial thing because it's been you know he pleaded not guilty and they give the post moments of November 20th and we got this big ass hurricane that's going to bowl the whole half of the state in the ocean
and these people are are hacking and trying to go about Sodden with saying okay.
So seem to believe that there's no way and not only that but what about plane get all this other stuff have you seen and that hurricane the whatever it is earthquake and tornado they got about Tokyo got about two seconds.
We got tsunamis man we got hurricanes we got mudslides we got torrential rains we got all this crap all of these things we got the bird flu like to hover over us the other day.
Even Tipee headwind is running for her life so if anybody doesn't believe that the Lord is really really getting agitated now he is pissed off and fired up and that's not good when that happens because his wrath wax is really hot and just like when you like a candle and that you know the wax gets really hot starts ripping down you know it burns.
Did you ever get burned by candle wax? Sure on purpose and accidentally remember that book book Daniels.
Yes I do. Yes in fact she ought to work over there in seven ninety she had a little bit of that waxy blow up but there's no video about it.
Oh god no. Oh no. Right well we'll take some calls eventually when I get around to it. I'm all whipped up this week I have no idea what it is something really exciting must be going to happen like payday next Tuesday.
Payday next Tuesday clearance I just mentioned that in passing see I've got a new new deal with them new and it works like a charm it seems to be working very well and it is like right after the previous check then the next day I start working on the deaf and clear and by the way payday is coming on now whatever you know and every single day oh another US soldier that that's 1977 we're getting precariously close to the 2000 mark now we'll let do it when we get to 2000 let me the point where the American people draw the line in the same and say that's just a two day many.
Oh no. Just another number on the sheet of paper because freedom is on the march 1113 at 560 WQM when you're shopping for shoes please don't take your feet to any place except brandy's because they've got the unbeatable selection for you all the top brands unbeatable prices fantastic personal service speaking of brands man whether you like rock ports for a shine echoes new balance essay as a sufficio they have them all in stock and they have been your size to read on the shelf waiting to slap on your feet and brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure you have a perfect customized fit every time to just ask for Arnie he'll make sure you get the perfect
brandy specializing wide wits as well brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere in South Florida which is why they've been around for all these many years in that same great location while the other shoe peddlers have come and gone so for comfort staff fit value and selection always think of brandy shoes 12 90 nor federal highway and pop and obi open daily Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday from 9 to 5 and this week it's the big boat shoe bananza rock ports very in Sevego they have special discounts waiting in conjunction with the boat show so be sure to get your ass into brandy's this week and save a lot of cash
or do your shoe shopping right on their website at brandy's shoes dot com this is meal Roger this is 5.16
if the terror is warning
there is one air the government says be proofing
and I'm saying I'm not in but when now I'm specifically threatening a joe yeah I think there are hopes they can give me a stroll
I think that I just will ignore it yet enjoy the ride in my life in a bad terror
and make it sick
I'm telling you nervous when I play that in the beginning of this real real low and you think oh what happened there
I recognize the the bit of secret yes I do that little think of the beginning in fact let me just play the the ass beginning of that again
just a no audience well least of next time they won't go into a panic it's like like the real sort like that
it sounds like windshimes isn't it I think it is maybe that's what it is and very appropriate with will not come in windshimes see the big blow is coming
so anyway speaking of terrorist warnings that fake we had in Baltimore again yesterday and on the one these phone adios keep everybody on the on the edge of their it is the real one
Felix and a rascal yes well I think I made it maybe caught a tony over federal agents were questioning a couple of people yesterday and connection with the tear of the
they're questioning a couple of people okay you know anything now okay go home that prompted Baltimore authorities to temporarily close one of two downtown tunnels under Baltimore Harbor
and restrict traffic through the other US officials said the restrictions were put in place out of what a state police official called here we go with that catchphrase again and abundance of caution
although the FBI said it hadn't been able to corroborate the reported threat they were imposed as a result of a threat of undetermined credibility to an unspecified tunnel
come on you can do it and unspecified tunnel in the Baltimore area said Kevin Perkins they spoke for the FBI's joint terrorism task force
maybe they found a pin join maybe that's why there was stuff on them trucks you know truckers though the FBI and other law enforcement agencies are looking for at least six men they were told our partly alleged plot he was official said the original source of the intelligence said those involved were Egyptian but officials did not confirm the nationalities of those being sought a federal government maybe it was a pyramid scam a federal government
the federal government official said the source of the threat intelligence has provided some useful information in the past but Perkins said agents were interviewing certain individuals in an effort to determine the credibility of information certain individuals according to multiple US officials the Baltimore alert was triggered by report that a shipment of explosives was heading in the city's harbor disguised as Coco the explosives would then have been used to build actually they got a little bit garbled there was James Coco that was hiding him in his underwares which is easy as he's still alive by the way I don't know hey Jimmy through ferry
the explosive that would have been used to build a truck bond to be detonated inside the tunnel the latest threat can nearly to be said for a similar warning prompt a security alert in New York yadi yadi it's just crap they said the state's alert level was not raised because you don't want to give advanced notice to the bad guys right then make any sense to you no the measures lasted less than two hours and we're lifted shortly after one o'clock yet the afternoon police would search dogs stop trucks headed for the tunnels inspected their undercarriages with mirrors there you go for some coat
what are they checking their cups to see what they were drinking those truckers there you go they're hiding in their cocoa man let me try to understand this if they use the terror alert the terrorists will know that we're onto them and what up right their plan and that would be bad
that's right so let him carry the plan out and then if they have a kill a bunch of people in the private and we can always say well I hope all the people we saved does that make any sense at all no does anybody believe that there was a real threat to Baltimore or New York two weeks ago no they just lie and lie and lie
we got five hundred eight three votes on our world famous pool I'm pretty impressed we'll have seven hundred by noon or my name is Mortimer Snurd don't you think well you kind of look like a brother actually the audience now Mortimer Snurd was not fat believe me or bald or old but nevertheless let's see Mortimer Snurd was what Charlie McCurthay was Edgar Bergen right correct I wasn't he Polly Bergen's daddy what I'm serious through the house Polly Bergen yesterday it was it was the French
Wendy Williams what was her name see I forgot what was her name I don't know Claudine Longie he the frog and today is Polly Bergen I never heard you don't know from Polly Bergen I know he's you better get out some Jergens man because if you don't know from Polly Bergen I know he's Candace Bergen's father really yeah are you sure are you sure he brought her out look at Polly Bergen okay she's daughter of Edgar Bergen anyway he was the great ventriloquist with Charlie McCurthay and Mortimer Snurd not to be confused with Paul Winchell who had who he had
he's dead by the way finally that I kept saying he was dead and finally he said okay whatever you say head him on my show many times on the phone Paul Winchell that what he's to do those boring guests
well you know another good thing for Friday you don't want because it's July August and September you know it'll happen in September no IRA with Hank
so we already saw pretty good uptake in August once that IRA was equipping the anchor around the Humper's ass and so on
September's in there I think I think we're gonna smell pretty good Friday you know hmm do you get that body wash
up by the way well it's still in my previous jar the green it seems to me that Polly Bergen had a line of
cosmetics female cosmetics you know not not that I would compare with Joan Rivers because Joan Rivers is a
pig and disgusting obnoxious bitch but Polly Bergen she was a TV person man she was a lot of shows
oh she was one of the soprano's book of bride just reminded me and I got her IMDB entry right here it
doesn't say anything about being the daughter of Charlie Bergen oh that was Charlie Bergen that was Candice yeah
what about Edgar I mean I've actually a lot of people want to hear a marine dabs call I'm lawyer
lawyer in naughty hairy lawyer in without a license she calls she calls Harriet Harry I love that
you know she's almost as outrageous as I am I mean she's much better writer because I can't write but
she's almost as obnoxious and but then again she writes in the or time she has to watch her
piece in cues you know what cues stands you're fairy hairy mires naughty I'll get to that as a matter of
five momentarily are you excited thrilled well that's because most of the people are too cheap to go
on and buy those uh that new deal on New York Times Josh says that thing works like a miracle
isn't it oh it's great thanks you're welcome uh the things that I do man the things that I do
598 votes for for a measly paycheck twice a month or so we're almost a 600 by uh the bottom of the
hour all will be over 600 I'm sure that a lot of people have to get in pretty damn disgusted here
in the county stupid ass I mean I want it's important stuff do you believe me yeah believe it nope
no neither one hey American residential lending wants to make your life a little easier you can
believe that with over 20 years experience a r r offers you custom loan programs they fit your
situation whatever it is whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel the kitchen or you're
looking to put a pool in the backyard or just looking to wipe out mountains and mountains of credit
card death American residential lending can get the job done for you so call our friend Nelson
Yucora at American residential lending they've got more than two decades experience in a mortgage
business and access to more than a hundred wholesale lenders a r l can cut your current mortgage
monthly payment five to five hundred bucks heavily refinancing they generate some quick cash for
you or even do a home equity loan and they do it with personalized service and a program that's
made specifically for you plus when you close along with these folks they'll give you a free seven
day Caribbean cruise to help you celebrate how can you beat that so call American residential
lending today toll free one eight six six move a r l that's one eight six six six six six eight thirty
two seventy five insurance hundred old meal for me to call one eight six six six eight thirty two
seventy five this is meal Rogers this is five sixty two eight they don't come any better than
uft
me
I'm going to die, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm
moving on, I'm moving on, I'm moving on, I'm going on, we're going on, we're Tabii Phil.
Yeah.
So we're going, and being gray.
people asking us, well, is it going to hit Sarasota?
Is it going to hit Naples?
Or is it going to hit Keeps Able?
Or hit Key West?
Joyce?
And one thing that I'm not going to allow happen on this hurricane
is to focus on that skinny black line.
Oh, God.
You know, we still got several days before landfall
in the United States.
We don't want to pinpoint this.
You know, we just don't want to slice it to 10 here.
This is going to become an even larger hurricane size-wise.
And wherever it strikes in the United States,
it will have an impact on a very, very large area.
We need to understand that we have to consider
all the hatches of the hurricane, the storm surge,
and the wave action that would be-
I have a call coming in with this hurricane,
given the intensity in the size.
And it is important where the center costs the coast.
If it does come on to the Southwest Coast of Florida,
we could have a very, very high storm surge near
into the south of where the center costs the coast.
Remember, the winds go counterclockwise around that eye.
So if you have a hurricane coming in,
so the Gulf Coast of Florida,
that storm surge will be highest
just to the south of the landfall point.
We really want to make sure that everyone
in the 40 keys from the stands,
the seriousness, the situation, very glad.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting the non-dressons out of the 40 keys
starting at noon today.
That's a very good move on my opinion.
We're in doubt about that, man.
There will be further actions going on down there
as time goes on.
Thank you, Joe.
Again, it's too early for watches and warnings.
I suspect there'll be the first question people ask.
And the most likely scenario is that we will
put up a hurricane watch sometime tomorrow afternoon.
Of course, first, it would be for the 40 keys.
They're already warning stuff down in Mexico.
On the Yucatan, forces of blaze,
Swan Island, the Caymans, and the West and
force of Cuba.
So we're not forgetting our neighbors down there
recording with all those countries.
But in your interest, we really need to pay attention
to this and we likely will have a major hurricane
in the southeast and Gulf of Mexico.
And we're going to have to deal with it like it or not.
Here you go.
Do we like it?
Like it or not.
Kind of a common exam.
Like it or not.
It was a little rednecky to me.
OK, thanks, Max.
Headroom.
OK, here a little bit more about that thing from Baltimore.
I've heard of this before to show information about a possible
threat that checked out into Baltimore Harbor
Tunnels yesterday came from a source in the Netherlands.
A senior US official said where they're all stowed off
their ass.
Kevin Perkins had the FBI's Baltimore office said,
at this point, we don't have any evidence that suggests
this threat is credible.
Any following that?
I got it.
However, we are continuing our investigation.
We have to follow this to the end.
But at this point in time, we don't have any evidence, none.
Zero, Zipity, Duda, that this threat is credible.
I just thought I'd open it.
OK, now getting the marine dad and we're mighty proud.
I want to tip like one call so far today, too, maybe.
Couple.
WDQYM, hello.
George, it's so hot.
WDQYM, hello.
We don't have any evidence.
Hey, Battling.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Yesterday I called you kind of pissed off
about the hurricane.
Yeah.
But how come nobody says something about the high call
ings, about the global warming?
Is everybody quiet?
That's what we're talking about.
Hey, don't you start, you comi, pink old man.
We're going to have you deported if you don't cut the crap.
Did he say global warming?
Yeah.
It is after October 1st and your fat ass governor
has said that anybody in Florida mentions
those two words in conjunction that I've been in.
In case you better watch it, pal.
You better get under the bed and stop stirring up the crap.
Straight stop.
They do it.
George should smoke it if they don't catch you, but don't stir it.
Maureen Dowd, naughty Harry, lawyer,
lawyer ring without a license.
I want to hear you say that word, lawyer ring.
Lawyer ring.
Oh, see you said it better.
Why don't you read this?
OK.
That's what I'll do.
No.
Maureen says I was just coming to grips with the idea
that a Supreme Court nominee doesn't
need to have any experience for the job.
Now it turns out that a Supreme Court nominee doesn't even
need to always be a lawyer in good standing.
Harry admired shared little secret about herself
on a replication to be an associate justice.
Earlier this year, I received notice
that my dues for the District of Columbia
would be a bar word delinquent.
And as a result, my ability to practice law in DC
had been suspended.
Did that little dog on the birthday card she sent W.
to eat her dues?
Ms. Maureen is then the White House Council
remitted the situation after she got the letter.
But weren't the bush spinners making a case for her
by reporting that she was really great at managing the paper
flow when she was the president's staff secretary?
Now we discover that she could be such a scatterbrain
about paperwork that a little tiny thing like being
able to legally practice law slipped her mind
while she was serving as the lawyer for the leader
of the free world.
There was another odd, unfocused episode
with the Republican Senator Arlen Spector this week.
He said that he and Ms. Maureen
to talk privately on Monday, and that she had expressed
support for two Supreme Court rulings that established
a right to prophecy and are viewed as the foundation
for Roe v. Wade.
Before Ms. Maureen could even forget her bar dues again,
the White House said that Senator Spector was mistaken
and Ms. Maureen's call to tell him so.
Mr. Spector was willing to say he'd misunderstood it
and will surely want to clear all this up in the hearings.
But maybe he'll wind up sticking by his earlier statement.
He said she needs a crash course in Constitutional Law.
The White House gambits to soothe the wrath of the right
and flesh out the views of Ms. Maureen
and move an actual judicial record
are creating more confusion.
In order to sell her, officials had to expose her
by setting her anti-abortion positions
from 1989 to the Senate Judiciary Committee.
She's on record as favoring one of the most restrictive
positions on abortion, actively supporting a constitutional
amendment to make abortion illegal,
except when the mother is actually about to die,
never mind if her health might be severely impaired
or if she's victim of rape or incest.
When she was running for city council in Dallas,
Ms. Maureen's answered yes to all the questions
from Texans United for Life and Anti-Abortion Group
elaborating only one.
Whether she would vote to keep anyone
who supported abortion rights out of city jobs
even with health issues, after saying yes she added
to the extent pro-life views are relevant.
The answer clearly reflects that Harriet Maureen
is opposed to Roe v. Wade Center Dianne
and fine-stand a California said,
this raises very serious concerns about her ability
to fairly apply the law without bias in this regard.
With Carl Roe from Granjury Watch and Dick Taney
Stugley tucked into his underground bunker,
W.A. and Andy Carter in control
and the West Wing ineptitude is comic.
First of white house tried to make Ms. Maureen
more conservative by peddling her pedigree as a member
of an ultra conservative evangelical church
to its right-wing base.
When injecting religion into hearings backfired,
a fistful started backpeddling and saying
she shouldn't be asked about her faith,
even though the president himself had said
that her faith was a big part of her appeal.
That's when her draconian views on abortion came out
and the White House immediately tried to assuage the left.
The White House flak Scott McClellan turned on his fog machine
saying the role of a judge is very different
from the role of a candidate or a political office holder.
Mr. McClellan said she's about to question their were opaque,
but were mentally the impression that a justice
mayors might do abortion differently than candidate mayors.
That's very interesting since the president said
that her constancy is one of her chief attractions
implying the cruel conservative worries
that she would not be another David Souter.
I know her well enough to be able to say
that she's not gonna change that 20 years from now
she'll be the same person with the same philosophy
that she used today, W.S. said.
Some Democrats who have interviewed her recently
have failed to see her in the intellectual rigor
that W.S. saw and find her resume so thin
it would not even earn a heavy Hitler profile.
That was a Freudian slip.
A heavy hitter profile in the American lawyer magazine.
Answering the Senate Judiciary Committee's question there,
she said that in her two years on the city council,
she dealt with such witty constitutional issues as
Zoning.
Oh, right.
Heavy duty, Maureen.
She was a heavy hitler.
I'll hit her.
Well, can't you go from being a heavy hitter
to a heavy, heavy hitler?
What are it?
It's actually nowadays the way things are going.
626 votes and I pull, we could be damned
you're 700 by the top of the hour.
How do you like that?
Josh?
That's a traffic.
Well, don't you think if we get to 700 by noon,
we're like a shoe in for a thousand?
A shoe in?
If we get to 700 by noon.
We don't have to like, push it, we don't have to jump on it
and lean on it and beg and plead and cajol and embarrass
ourselves and degrade and humiliate ourselves.
God.
Oh, that makes me feel to still answer
in a bunch of stupid questions.
630, 600 and about 30, man.
On the poll, who are what best
to minimize is America's celebration of mediocrity?
George W. Bush, 309.
Maybe we'll get to 409.
Remember that song by the beat for us?
Yes.
Maybe it was 309.
We're in placement, everybody.
Education system 81, Democratic Party, 60, WIMS, TV 43,
the NFL 22 as mediocre as it gets.
Brownie Brown, 20, heck of a guy.
John Kerry, 19, Harriet Myers, 19, Congress 17,
Al Gore 14, Conda Lisa, maybe your next vice president,
14, I'm gagging on that.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
What a dope name.
I believe it was Red and Doesn't.
Two Lieberman.
I think I'm the top and the bottom of the poll.
I put him in the same category with Bush,
way, way under mediocre.
Way, way below.
Way below.
He makes, he makes Duff look like Hercules.
That's how Wimpy he is.
The 12 minutes still known as at the Bimbo on CNN.
Very fast moving storm.
So we're not as concerned about flooding
as it's done pushing across the board of Tenensland.
And one other note I'm talking about New England,
there are some computer models that are bringing that storm
up towards the Northeast, not towards the Carolina,
that's what the Atlantic is.
That's something that is romantic, but maybe toward New England.
So everybody who lives up there needs to pay very close
attention to Wilma, really everybody
along the East Coast and the Eastern Gulf Coast
because there may still be some changes.
There are a lot of uncertainties still.
Federica?
Yeah, he didn't indeed say keeping a close watch
on this storm for at least another six days to come still.
So it may have quite the lifespan.
Thanks so much, Jackie.
That's Jackie Jaros.
Sorry.
I told you.
Is that who that is?
Yeah.
Did she have like a makeover or something?
I don't know.
That's what she looks the same as either.
Oh, she don't look good to me.
She's looking really nice.
I'm going to say this.
Maybe it's those glasses.
Or maybe it was that green outfit she had.
Green is just bad.
On TV.
Not necessarily.
Well, anyway, let's see what the A's it.
Oh, it's Wednesday.
She's a day early.
US firms accused of exploiting workers
and post hurricane recovery.
Here's another disgusting story that's
going to make your blood curl, make your blood boil,
and get you all pissed off and fired up.
We want to do that.
I just throw it away.
Now I'm going to read it.
Well, we've got to take a bunch of calls in here
if we ever got any.
See, that's just to get them to call.
And then of course in about two minutes
when the delay catches up, I'll be just busy with other stuff.
What do we got on the polar?
660 and it's 10 of noon.
Did not tell you we'd be right on the ass end of 700
by the top of the hour.
Did I tell you that?
He said that.
Yeah.
I mean, even a two a minute that's like 680.
That's close enough for me toward the 700.
We got another shot today.
Don't tell me we're going to go through this again
and get another 1000 again today.
Of course, see, the thing that is, I don't know if you do it
when you're filling in, when you're fulfilling.
You probably don't.
Do what, like, just pushing the pole thing?
No, stick, I don't mean that.
No, stick the new pole on your, like, an 8 o'clock like I do.
You know, I keep meaning to and then I don't.
So it usually goes on right at 10.
Well, that's why you never get to 1,000 votes
because I got about a 280 and a 3-0 head start
by the time the show starts.
From the time I had to like,
I'm going to talk it over the back fence
like a couple of old Juventus.
Or get behind you don't have that.
I see some contractors lend a leading reconstruction projects
in the hurricane hits of the US have badly exploited workers
and taken away business from local firms.
Senate Democrats and labor groups are saying housing
for workers off and likes running water
and contractors have failed to provide food,
training and wage rates as promised.
James Hale, vice president with the labor
as international union of North America totally
policy conference of officers and Democrats in the US Senate.
In one case, workers had been paid for three weeks
and at another site there were allegations
that security guards were mistreating laborers at Hale
who supported his allegations with photos.
And electrician and foreman with night enterprises cried
as he recounted how his team of workers
were kicked out of government tents
by an out of state firm and forced to sleep in their cars.
Most of our workers, some of them had lost their homes
to the two hurricanes.
We're sleeping in their personal vehicles
and showering in a car wash
located on base mic, Moran said.
How do you like that?
How do you like to shower a new car wash?
You do it all the time, I'm gonna talk to you.
I'll be sure and bring your body washed.
You don't wanna be dropping a soap up there.
That hot steam does smart when he's.
Moran's employer was given a 20 month contract
to provide power to a camp for military personnel
but the contract was canceled after 17 days.
Night enterprises alleges the contract was terminated
because the firm was paying the prevailing hourly wage
and an outside contractor that was hired paid
and workers a lower wage following that.
After Hurricane Katrina struck August 29th,
President Bush waived regulations that require contractors
to pay the prevailing average wage in a region.
That decision was presented as a way
of speeding up and streamlining recovery efforts
in Louisiana, Alabama and Mississippi.
Senator Mary Landu of Louisiana said
the federal government should reinstate
the contract for night enterprises
which is based in New Orleans.
It's my intention to have this contract reinstate it
and that whoever is responsible
apologize to these workers, Landu said.
You don't even see pictures like this
in the third world she said.
How do you like that?
In the third world.
Well, well, good.
Gali Miss Molly, what a disgrace.
And the fact that a matter is,
you know, this 39% approval rating
that tells you that there's 39% of America
that are so dumb that it wouldn't make any difference
to be came and dumped on their forehead.
It would still say, man, that sure felt good, you know.
Just so dumb.
That's the sad part.
Oh, there's that thing from Taunt and Manage,
oh, Dan concerns.
Can I say that a six foot wall of water?
That's Taunt Mass again.
In the city of Taunt and Massachusetts,
which is a community usually about 50,000 people,
but they bail out.
A number of those folks about two,
ten of you drive them all out no fear.
Teddy's on top of that.
Just like those fishermen over the weekend.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Yes, Leo.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Good evening, pal.
I just threw you a radio and so I don't know
whether you had a chance to talk about it or not,
but in today's video tutorial,
in the New York Times, it's Donald's Brisbane,
which I believe he's not like too much about it,
but I think that he did.
Wait a minute, I'm not here.
You're gonna quote Thomas Freeman on this show.
I don't think so.
Didn't he say Thomas Freeman?
I don't know.
Yeah, he did.
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
He's one of your people, or at least he's a distant relation.
You figure.
He's been to Taco Bell.
I don't know what he is,
but I don't want to hear about Tom Freeman.
Okay, he's a jackass.
You can't have somebody who's a jackass.
Well, that's not true.
I take that back,
because every now and then I'll read a Jesse Jackson thing.
We've always said that Jesse often makes a lot of mistakes.
He's just a, you know, a flanderer and an exploiter
and a phony and whatever,
unless he does every time in a slaughter,
rhyme in a slime in time in two time.
Let me just have that wonderful lunch.
I five six seven,
oh five 60 pound five 60 and even rising and singing the right
of the slime.
I like to show just so much better this way, you know,
what way?
Intersperser color to here and there and just get on with some business.
Okay, that's the way I like it.
As Casey would say,
and Casey, Casey, Casey, he's still around.
I wonder if he's still got all in birds.
Wannna Q a n hello.
Hey, Valley.
Yes, sir.
Hey, two feet of bass.
Yeah,
Rob music and the NBA.
Excellent.
I'm out standing and it is mild kind of like what was that?
I've got cigarette was that outstanding and his mouth out of
the pole ball now outstanding.
What are you?
Welcome.
Now Winston's takes good like a cigarette should and I don't know.
I'm standing and maybe it was I don't know.
Lucky it's been so long since we had those great TV's cigarette spots.
Let's bring them back.
Come on.
Let's have some faggets on TV other than beside Queer's folk and
will engrave case six sixty nine.
Oh, somebody must have made that number up guaranteed.
Now we get those on the pole there.
Those were two good choices.
Yeah, they're on it.
Well, he is you are just a little on the testy side.
No, Sam.
Little is tasty.
Maybe he's good.
He's hung over.
Oh, that's what it is from that thing you dragged him through last night.
I thought it was maybe that God is punishing him for all this extra this extra
marital sex.
He's having with his girlfriend.
Yeah, he's doing these other extra sex.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about extras.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Lots and lots and lots.
And that's why you're going to get lots and lots of punishment, mister.
If you don't, if you don't repent, don't you understand these are the final days?
Like you already filled this quote.
I know he's going for extra.
Yeah, he filled it all right.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Ha, pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
What's that song we got over and over?
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah, I'm telling you better mend your ways with Lord, mister.
He's going to like stick that magic finger somewhere where you least expect it.
Back to man.
Then you will fear him.
It's only right now.
Just a storage he was once one of them.
Holy and holy Jesus people that I got better.
Yeah, any healed.
Let me put these six at five sixty WQM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to one hour on Q8M.
I don't give a crap what that very nice to say.
If he wants to close things, then why not?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm reporting at the condo.
I can't be elevated down.
I'm on my way to the car when I pull my golden basket out.
I give a free condo paper.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
I've said the toy in the back and pow.
Why do you lose?
Ah, my car, the whole you sport, old boot.
I know everything that's going on with that news.
Why I even know all the new Maja rules.
I picked the drive, Danny O'Brien.
You guys are going back and pow.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no egg clearly.
But when they drop my boys, we'll say.
You little smoothies.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
Come on to it at 5.60.
Speak it in more. He'll be on it at 2.30.
Like it or not.
4 o'clock is the mad dog for 3 hours.
That thing in the Sun's symbol is just
Magnifico.
It's fabulous.
Hurricane Hotline is 7 from Bernie Khoz.
Our steakhouse in South Miami.
Remember Bernie?
He used to be the big nose, the big nose, the quarterback.
He used to be the part owner of the Panthers for about 5 minutes.
And then the beast of Bernie's at 9 with some more of that hurricane crap.
And then he kept on at 10.
10 to 2.00 a.m.
And he'll have all the final baseball scores even from the West Coast games.
Even though they were not playing me.
So what's the story?
What's on the agenda?
The Astros and Cardinals?
Is that the game 5 today?
Right.
I'm actually not sure.
See, we don't know.
Well, it's actually been too busy getting smashed at that thing last night.
And also, I'll just stop that I talked about before.
And so we don't know about the series.
I don't really care about it.
I don't think I'm going to watch the World Series at all.
No.
No, because there are...
I mean, the white socks right right there that...
I'm trying to think of any team that would have been in it.
If the Marlins would have been in it, I might have watched some.
But other than that, not that I'm a Marlins fan, but you know, just out of...
I would have rooted for the Marlins just to be a good...
Yoko local.
You would have hopped down the bandwagon.
Right.
I could do it as well as anybody, even this old fart.
I could hop a little bit.
690, man.
I figured we're getting close to 7-Hurt.
Where you get 689 is what I got.
I just...
I don't understand this crowd.
Maybe they're all over there with Rush now to get the latest on Will My, I guess.
I don't know what the deal is.
You?
No.
We get to noon, and then all of a sudden after we've had this tremendous spectacular...
I guess that all the whole audience is already voted twice.
Maybe the drink?
All of it's gone to lunch now.
Or maybe they're all out there doing the smart thing, and it is getting ready for the hurricane.
That's what I would do.
I wouldn't worry about some stupid ass pull on the annual Rogers show.
I'd go out there and...
I'd empty all the shelves.
I'd go to public, so I'd take every bottle of water that they got.
I would take all the batteries.
I'd get about 15 different radios and pull one in each room and two in each room in the house.
Right?
Just in case the batteries run out.
I'm serious.
I'd be doing some stuff this time, because this one looks like it's going to give a big deal.
As opposed to some of the other ones in the past.
And anyway, you do whatever you want.
Whatever you have to do, you do it.
Just charge it to Greg Readle.
Just put a little squiggle on the bottom.
Just write his name and a little squiggle along the way.
Yeah.
Press pass.
Oh, we got some calls on there.
And you're right.
I should probably take some of these calls.
Then we get this pull really your roll-in law.
We need to put more choices on there.
WDQAM, hello.
Put your hand up, chief.
Don't kill on a lot of the world's secreties.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, they're panicking over here on the west coast right now.
Yeah, it's like 30...
I was not a bad guy.
People are from, by the way.
Not great.
Yeah, what is it?
It's a 30 to 40 people lined up at each pump.
Not good, man.
Wow.
Yeah.
On the west coast, it's...
People are going crazy already.
Really?
It's only Wednesday.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
They're conditioned to do it, I guess, by the name.
I fill up that bathtub right now if I were you, man.
Yeah.
Medioccurty?
How about you?
You need these sports now, Michael.
Boy, I've said you the Huffer would take great exception to that.
But I have no problem with that.
Oh, man.
He's been around a little longer than the tooth for me at this point.
Exactly.
Okay, he's on there.
Thanks, Pally.
Al Michaels put him on to the Huffer will really be very upset about that.
I had my finger on that and you started up.
Boy, you are quick today.
Well, it's all about boots.
We can't even crack 700 votes on this thing and pull them out.
What is this?
6.90, young, my ass.
Oh, well, I'm not doing this no more.
This is what banana nut days, it will be.
What is that?
6.99, you're out.
Oh, let's see, I have any yesterday.
Just one point yesterday.
Oh, geez.
What?
What a...
Only one.
Cormante Uno.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, A?
How's it going, A?
It's good.
And you're in your honor, I just want to let you know I call the mode myster and give him a rash in just about every day.
Do you?
And I have a...
No blame in me for it.
Well, I don't blame before you.
I do it in your honor, sir.
I see.
We've got our doors to use funny food.
I don't know what that means, but you're making that.
But go ahead and have a good time.
I had an opportunity to taste confelte of fish for the first time.
It kind of sounds...
It's not as funny, so I had to try it.
I put some...
I don't know what kind of sauce...
Corsair man...
Of course I had.
Of course I had.
It's Corsair man's cycle, you guys put on it, right?
What is it?
Corsair man's cycle?
What are you talking about, man?
Come on, think about it.
You got it.
No, you think about it.
You're about as funny as a heart attack.
Like I said, I don't call anybody.
Forphetic.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Spackle this.
WDQAM, hello.
When I'm listening to Todd Keller's update, I like to wrap peanut butter on my nipples.
Right!
Oh, right!
I thought I was going to win.
For now, now we're finally making worth my while coming in today.
For the only place I rub it.
Right.
WDQAM, hello.
I wonder if it's the chunky or the smooth.
QAM, hello.
Yes sir.
Hi my friend.
How are you?
Okay.
Hey, I got one for your poll.
Okay.
That's him.
Oh, sound like he's talking through a Midas muffler or something.
WDQAM, hello.
Got cash and fresh ammo.
The rest you can get afterwards.
All right.
He's ready.
He's prepared.
He read that law.
That's right.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, new.
Yes sir.
First question.
You've still got that skinny Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah.
I've got my kid with me today and she's got a friend named Jimmy and I've always told her
about it.
I was wondering if you guys could play it.
Okay man, no problem.
And the other thing is, you told me this one time.
George, last week you were doing, playing some instructional tapes when you were opening.
The documentary there.
Yeah, what was the website?
Something weird.com.
Thanks brother.
All right, Pallie.
No more extra charge.
I don't know what was that about.
I was playing on Friday.
We had FilmScript day.
I played a documentary about Lesbian.
Oh, here we go.
Lesbian's again.
Oh boy, here we go.
I'm going to be hearing about this.
No question about it.
Oh yeah.
God, I think Maddie Bell had a point.
Just filth and depravity and disgusting perversion.
Excellent job.
Thank you.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Listen.
I've always been this.
Robert.
Robert.
I've always been this.
I've always been this.
Robert.
I think he's a little.
They're, they're still undone.
Yeah.
WDQAM, like the, I guess who?
QAM, hello.
Hey, is this Neil?
Yes sir.
Hey man, how's it going?
I love your showroom.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyways, I have a conspiracy theory for you.
Yeah.
I think that Condoleezza writes is going to take Dick Cheney's place.
Then they're going to fake George Bush's assassination.
Condoleezza writes to come to first.
Okay, great.
That sounds really good.
Let's see.
We're in our buttons.
Now, 708, well that's kind of great.
We got over 700.
We need to get to about 830.
I would think, 8 what?
About 30 minutes.
At the top of the one o'clock.
We're not going to make that 1000.
We're going to be really, oh boy.
I'm going to be so depressed.
I tell you one thing, nobody's going to top that top-calor her peanut butter call.
That was the best.
Oh yeah.
You can smear it, but you can't top it.
It's 11 past 10 and all of a sudden it's war in Iraq.
Is there war going on?
Downtown Mosul, Arnogeth, or Fallujah.
With the caution today.
Think of the devil.
Security along the once notorious airport road and Baghdad has measurably improved.
Oh yeah.
Not Jeff where our airport is going to make sure they get in here.
We're 20 people a day getting in here.
Oh man, talk about a Goeshikup.
She is just pathetic.
That's Dr. Rice, do you, Neil?
Okay.
Like I said, Dr. Rice, pathetic.
I wonder if she's like instant or what's the other kind of rice they got?
Regular?
No, they're a minute rice.
Right, that's the instant.
I see.
What's the other kind?
Regular.
Regular.
Reconstituted, right?
Reconstuted, Condi.
It's 12 minutes after noon at 5.60 W.
Here we go.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
I'm going to get in here.
This brings tears to the eyes.
The comedy is the right.
Super.
Yeah, somebody, a faction that says, answer your question, Condi-Lize is brown rice.
That's kind of cute.
And it says, can you say that without being slivered with a big fat fine?
Not even a small fine.
How do you like that?
Oh, we're fine.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
That's all right.
We can say that.
Light brown rice.
Right.
Oh, there's the a-tany-flu-man, and they can tany-flu.
It's made by Lexus, Miss Klein.
No, there you go.
And they're getting everybody all whipped up in a friend's about bird flu.
So if the hurricane doesn't get you, you're going to die anyway from the bird flu.
So why worry about it?
Just walk around out there and like I'm telling Zavno, be good.
Have some fun as we can, right?
Go to try.
Shatner deck by back pain.
Old Billy Shatner.
Good Canadian boy, eh?
Michael Zafox.
Another good Canadian boy.
Who makes me very nervous when I see him?
I know that sounds very insensitive, but I just don't want to see him, you know?
I understand he's got his issues.
He's got his Parkinson's.
But I just can't watch him because he just, he keeps moving around.
Do you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Boston Legal Star, William Shatner was taken to a hospital from the set of the ABC series after
complaining of lower back pain.
Oh my god.
It spoke to him and said, Shatner 74, a completed filming yesterday at the Manhattan Beach studio
and the problem occurred.
He was being checked out at a nearby hospital, but expected it would return to work today or else.
The actor played Captain Jerk and the original Star Trek franchise series, Miss Eden the Emmy last month,
for his portrayal of attorney Danny Crane on the ABC series, Boston Legal.
Is that a good show?
Never seen it.
Josh?
No, that may be.
Never seen it?
Nope.
I never seen it.
It was the second Emmy for playing the character.
It was first introduced on ABC's.
The practice before Star Trek Shatner also played the central character in a well-regarded
Twilight Zone episode, Nightmare 20,000 Feet in 1963, and appeared in dozens of live TV productions
and feature films including, Judgement and Nuremberg.
First TV show he was on was medic with the Richard Boone.
I promise you didn't know that.
And they have only known what either of them has done in this story.
Idiots.
On the end of a month, he all attended McGill University where a bud of building is named after him.
He also breathes and shows Americans saddlebreds in quarter horses.
And that qualifies him for the director of fielders.
Yeah.
Yeah, it sounds good.
They're better than it was Arabians.
Well, that Brownie Brown was in Dittlin' with.
739 votes.
So I would say another hundred of this between now and one o'clock.
We can do that.
Can we have 41 minutes?
No, piece of cake.
You can do it!
Oh, and speaking of that, that's a good thing that we had the Bill Shatterster
about his horse breeding because the story I told you about from Seattle this morning.
Yeah.
Fits right in now.
Trespassing charge in horse sex case.
An NM claw.
Excuse me if I'm not pronouncing that right, but I've never been to Seattle.
I haven't done that.
Huh?
How would you say that?
NM claw.
An NM claw area man who authorities say help run a farm where people add sex with animals.
And where a Seattle man died doing so with a horse.
Here's a pig with a real stable.
Was Charlie, did you hear what I just said?
And where a Seattle man died doing so with a horse.
Was Charlie with a Mr. Meener yesterday?
That's good to see you.
That's the person around.
Yeah.
Police began investigating James Tate 54.
Another man who lived at the rural southeast King County Farm.
After the Seattle man died of injury suffered during intercourse with a horse in the summer of course.
And what does that think?
Intercourse with a horse that I don't know that I don't know.
How's that go?
A man as a horse.
Yes.
The criminal press passing charge stems from a July 2nd B.C.
All these sessions involving Tate, the 45-year-old Seattle man in a horse and neighbors barn papers say.
According to the King County Medical Examiner's orifice, the Seattle man died of acute paratonitis due to perforation of the colon.
I see.
Tense that appetite yesterday were unsuccessful.
King County prosecutors say it's the most severe charge they can file.
Washington is one of more than it doesn't say it's that it's not outlawed B.C. All brother.
There's no evidence of injury to the animal to support animal cruelty charges.
In Dan's center bird, the County Prosecutor Chief of Staff, this is the only crime we can charge.
I wonder if he's related to Lee Sadler Bird.
Do you remember this morning when you were telling me about that story?
Is that illegal there?
I guess we didn't answer them.
There you go.
When interviewed by the Seattle Times July 15, the horse owners said they had known their neighbor for years.
The couple of wives who had their names withheld the protective privacy said they were shocked.
When police showed them a home video of these July 2nd incident, the investigators seized from the neighbor's home.
The couple identified their barn and their horse.
According to the King County Sheriff's Office, which also investigated, the farm was known in internet chat rooms as a destination for people who want to have sex with livestock.
I'm done.
I can't stand it no more.
I can't take it no more.
Authorities didn't learn about the farm until July 2 when a man drove to Enemoklaw Community Hospital seeking medical assistance for a companion.
Mates wheeled the Seattle man into an examination room and realized he was already dead.
When hospital workers looked for the man who had dropped him off, he was long gone.
Oh yeah.
As Bernie Harwell would say, long gone.
Using the dead man's driver's license to track down rotors and acquaintances investigate his willing to the Enemoklaw farm,
because the other man who lived at the farm wasn't there the night the Seattle man died.
He wasn't charged with trespassing Sadler Bird.
He said, Table Bay ran to October 20, 70, faces up to a year in jail and a $5,000 fine of convicted.
The Seattle man isn't being identified because his family asked it his name not be released.
The man's brother said he understands that prosecutors can't file a felony charge.
The remains disappointed that tape won't face more than a year behind bars.
In the wake of the man's death, State Senator Pam Roach has said she plans to draft legislation making B.C. Dialley illegal and locked in.
A little bit overdoing there.
I knew they were kind of liberal up there in the Great West, but that's a little bit too liberal for even some of us perfect.
Hey, you don't hear the animals complain to you.
Oh God.
Okay, who are what?
Epidemiasans America, celebration of mediocrity.
That's our poll question today.
We got 745 votes.
745, we're still alive.
George W. Bush 368.
And I'll say it again, not even close to mediocre and not even anywhere near that standard.
Way below it.
The education system 103, especially in Florida and the deep south, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia.
Democratic Party 66, TV 47.
Boy, it is so bad.
Thank God I got my 80 million channels on my cable, my digital cable.
Thank God for that.
As a matter of fact, we might even watch a little bit of leaf sludge right now for you.
You're not going to turn up as me.
Let's see. There you go.
TV 47, the NFL 26, Congress 22, John Kerry 22, Brownie Brown, hecka, but job 21, Harriet Myers 20,
Condoleezza 17, your next president, Al Gore 14, Julie Roman 13, rap music 3, the NBA has got a pair, and Al Michaels has won.
Solamente Uno out of 752.
How much are you going to be like foaming at the mouth about that?
You might go out and buy a four pound of pastrami.
Let me say it again. I would stock to refrigerator, not with a bunch of perishable stuff, of course.
Not with like frozen stuff. Oh, I guess it's not going to do a stock.
Well, yeah, it is. Yeah, well, after that, I'm going to livestock to refrigerator.
No, no, listen to me because that's the first stuff you eat is anything that might be perishable.
Right.
And then you go to your can go exactly that.
That is correct. Of course, if you lose your electricity, then you know, all that stuff is going to sprule, so we eat it fast.
If I don't hold a bunch of people over, crack out all those Omaha steaks that you got, all in great rib eyes,
and all those fabulous, broad worst from Omaha steaks.
Court nominee, this is just a little bit more about Harry Myers. I just love that.
You think that Marina is trying to say something there?
I think she's really trying to say, hey, Harriet, you're fairy.
President Bush's Supreme Court nominee, Harriet Myers, pledged support in 1989 for a constitutional amendment that would ban abortions
except when necessary to save the life of the woman.
Ms. Myers expressed her support for such an amendment in April 89 survey sent up by Texans United for Life,
that disclosure of virtually guarantees that Ms. Myers will be questioned heavily during hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee on abortion rights,
and whether she can separate her personal views from legal issues.
As a candidate for a seat on the Lee Dallas City Council, Ms. Myers answered yes to the following question.
If Congress passes a human life amendment to the Constitution that would prohibit abortion except when it was necessary to prevent the death of the mother,
would you actively support its ratification by the Texas legislature?
Ms. Myers answered yes to all the organizations' questions, including whether she would oppose the use of public money for abortion,
whether she would use her influence to keep pro-abortion people off city health boards and commissions.
Ms. Myers also said she would refuse the endorsement of any organization that supported abortion on demand,
would use her influence as elected official to promote the pro-life cause, and would participate in pro-life rallies and special events.
But Ms. Myers also took a position that upset some conservatives during the 89 campaign,
saying that she supported equal civil rights for gay men and lesbians, although she didn't support repeating a local ban on Sodomy.
A copy of the 89 survey accompanied the 57-page questionnaire that Ms. Myers filled out for the Senate.
The Senate questionnaire made public yesterday morning, and includes material ranging from routine biographical data to Ms. Myers use on judicial activism.
But Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and member of the Judiciary Committee was not impressed.
The questionnaire was bipartisan and reasonable, but the answers are disappointing, spear, and unilluminating, he said.
They're disappointing and unilluminating.
They've got to grill her ass, man.
You'll see. Make no mistake about it.
Let's smell it now.
I got to have a little laugh.
It's the change of seasons now.
Right.
Get your vicks.
Don't not vicks. Just a little, a little, a little, a drop of soda. Just a drop.
No, but get some vicks to shake your own trousers.
Just a drop.
Bobby Blake haven't heard too much about him lately because that civil trial is going on, and we got bigger fish to fry.
In fact, there's so, oh, and if I look at this, speak of the devil.
You're beautiful and, you know, just for everything you say to somebody.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you right now. Seriously, you people in the media need to be taken out and just whipped and then thrashed.
You need to be drawn and quartered.
It's pathetic.
Those are just this Daniel Horowitz.
Yeah.
Most people wouldn't know Daniel Horowitz from Vladimir Horowitz, right?
Right.
What are they talking about?
Oh, well, he's a commentator for MSNBC and his wife, God, who cares?
Okay. I was just about to say we don't hear any more about the tuba in Aruba or Terry and her tuba.
You, you know, it's the hysterical piece of garbage do juror that the media uses to obfuscate and to dry.
Everybody's attention away from the obvious, but all this heavy duty with plain gate going on, with the hurricane coming, with the ineptitude and the fraud after Katrina and Rita, all this other stuff.
And they worried about the Daniel freaking Horowitz. Well, guess what?
Your mama, that's my comment to him. And by the way, happy Sookas.
Saturday Night Live. You wish she was live. Then when she was live at the orange vault, you wish she wasn't.
Now you wish she'd hit the road and she is.
It's the Ashley Simpson Why is she live to her?
Let it end, shout out, let it burn out, please.
Time flies, time flies, time flies, time flies, time flies.
You wish you had her seat. You wish she'd go back to lipstick. You wish you could get her refund.
How the piece of me said, you should be with me.
The Ashley Simpson Why is she live to her?
Yeah, if we want a live live, I can ask a star. What do we have to say? Where am I supposed to?
The Ashley Simpson Why is she live to her? It's the live event that'll make you wish you were it.
Thank you, Anna.
Thanks for your facts, this is an excellent choice. It epitomizes exactly what we're talking about.
Ashley Simpson.
All right, we'll put her on there.
And who else to put on there?
Who?
Paris Hilton.
Okay.
And who else to put on there?
Victoria Gotti.
I wouldn't give her mediocre.
Well, I mean, if we can give Bush mediocre, that's the best we can do.
I mean, maybe one day we'll do a poll about what best epitomizes America's celebration of
the way beneath me, mediocre, with the objection of all whatever creature.
No.
We just got through doing that yesterday, didn't we?
Was it?
All your kids out there? That's what's smoking too much bad cheap weed.
It'll do to your brain, man.
You can't remember what you had for breakfast this morning.
Let's smoke cheap weed.
What did you have for breakfast this morning?
You've been sandwiched.
Cuban sandwich for breakfast?
Oh my God.
What about them, Miguel? Is it rubbing off on you?
No.
And we're getting back to Bobby Blake.
A defense attorney in the wrongful death lawsuit against Robert Blake yesterday tried
to bolster the theory that many people won to the actors wife.
Then as George has told us for a long time, the bitch had a coming.
Right.
And I second that emotion heartily.
Attorney Peter Isell cited letter written by Bonnily, Bakeley to work probation officer
that claimed, I've almost been killed a half dozen times.
Neither is Elmer Blake elaborated on what Bakeley was referring to.
Blake indicated the letter was written between November 19, and June 2000, when Bakeley
was pregnant with a couple's daughter Rosie now five.
Poor little Rosie.
Is that Cracklin Rosie?
Blake was acquitted of murder in March, but Bakeley should run out suing him for damages.
Neal diamond really just annoys the hell out of me.
You don't want to know why because he really believes he's a singer.
That's what Bobby takes himself seriously.
I think you're that type of lady.
Very disturbing.
And the fact that you told me he was Jewish just makes me more anti-Semitic.
Bakeley was acquitted murder March, but Bakeley still run out suing for damages.
I was saying was a, I don't understand this.
The answer didn't testify in his criminal trial.
Has to be, oh, I see.
There is part, that's why I can't understand it.
Because like the right hand margin is missing here.
He will take the stand in the civil trial.
He's been on the stand since last week.
All right, how come they're not covering any of that?
We have to keep here to about Daniel Horowitz and nobody knows who the hell that is.
Much less his wife.
And meanwhile, Bonnie Bakeley and our good buddy Bobby Blake, with nothing more.
Blake has repeated the deny of killing his wife.
He claims he left her and their card and go back inside to retrieve a handgun.
And he walked to a shooter.
I mean, then for, he went back inside.
Blake was also quite, yes, they did my private investigators.
They had looked into his wife's past, including a mail order business which used new photos
of herself and promises of sex from men to get money from me.
She did something similar.
Well, she's dead.
Does anybody care about Bonnie Lee?
They can't have come out.
Next case.
And as far as their scummy family is concerned.
Yeah, they got it coming to.
791.
This is lots of fun.
We're going to do it today, Josh.
Cordis, how do you like that?
This is like a B in your bonnet or whatever else is on it.
Maybe some peanut butter on it.
791.
We're going to have 800 before you can say that your Greg is an idiot.
I can say it because everybody knows it.
Hey, we got the moment.
You're coming up in two to prove it.
Wait till you're this.
I want to start spreading this propaganda about global warming.
Oh, I'm going to say that.
Ocean warming threatens Antarctic life.
Sea ice melts and glacier shrink and accelerating rate.
The client of stocks of krill hits the entire food chain.
Correct.
I think we were born about, what was that song born too late?
Who did that?
The ponytails?
Born too late.
I better look it up, shouldn't I?
You remember that song?
Wait before your time.
Born too late.
Oh, I got my big heavy bill.
But I'm going to get a new one of these because this one's falling all apart.
Have you got that song?
No.
You know, I still don't understand the way you got the origin.
Listen, 1960 up.
It's obviously before it.
It wasn't a hit past 1960 that song.
Well born too late by the ponytails was a hit in 758 July 58.
I had a right.
The ponytails.
How do you like that?
Very good.
That's a good thing.
Your old friend Jeff Cohen is going to chuck a lot of that or maybe even what he grabber.
Remember Jeff Cohen that used to like us a lot?
He still does.
No, he doesn't.
Until I'm Berkeley screwed that off.
Hey, Berkeley by the way, everybody's forgotten about you, honey.
She is really doing one hell of a job.
Her and Todd Dreckman.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
Эct
10
m
A
and arctic where the summertime water temperatures currently peak at about 0.5 degrees Celsius are sensitive
to small shifts in temperature. In water just two degrees warmer, mollusks became unable to bury
themselves in seabed sediment. Limplits can out here and over and scallops lose the ability to swim
and I do love scallops especially broiled in butter. These changes will make them more susceptible
to predators disrupting the food chain and quickly endangering larger animals and birds.
And the warming goes on at the same rate for 50 years or 100 years. Then lots of
popularly-save animals I work on and maybe entire species will be a risk professor. Peck said,
how do you like that? And the public sits back and they're talking about snicken Daniel freaking
horror which we're going to hell out of here. This is maybe right in the dentist's
forever. You're slotting Q.A.L.
I'm a little muddough, so don't go cut, treat now, why didn't those people flee?
Because it's personally easy and I've been it tends for care right here.
Bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned.
I bet you've rather second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was FEMA.
Broken levees FEMA was nowhere inside. Famous! Even with warning the FEMA's boss wasn't bright.
When the storm was over water was everywhere but the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
They be FEMA. No big contrast they went to Haliburton. Famous!
We stand more quickly when it's rich people hurtin'.
When it's rich people hurtin'.
Absolutely. Famous!
We got 821 vote on there. When I tell you we'll have even more than 8...
Fuck 30 million by the top of this arm. We're going to slide in there. Just like Jackie Robinson's
slid in the home plate. Skull home in the world serious. 53.
Remember that? Oh yeah.
And it was yogurt and all been out of shape in the app like duck was squawking in the own.
You're like this to a George it's right up your alley.
Bridgeport Connecticut. Beastyality?
Second grade even better than that. Second grader brings pot on school trip.
How much?
Well I get to a second grader who brought more than a dozen bags of marijuana.
Second grader who brought more than a dozen bags of marijuana to school will not face criminal charges but his uncle will.
The 8-year-old student at Dunbar School in Bridgeport Connecticut found his uncle stash and brought it on a school field trip Friday to show friends police said.
A teacher found the boy stuffing bags of pot into his pockets during the trip to Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History.
Remember Mr. Peabody? Yes I do. Sure.
Well you immediately contact the State Department of Children and Family.
Peabody mass. I was thinking about this the other day about the...
You got a hand into the people in the wingman. They sure know how to...
They had these bizarre way of pronounce. For example like there's Concord, Michigan.
But in New Hampshire it's Converter. Right.
And it's like not Peabody but Peabody.
And it's not like now Framingham is Framingham but the other ones like HA have like Stonum and Windum.
You know what I'm saying? Right anyway it's just kind of strange.
Anyway we immediately contacted the State Department of Children and Family because we were more concerned about the youngsters that Michael Gianotti has spoken for the school system.
After an investigation we decided not to suspend the youngsters because we don't feel there was any malice on his part.
And maybe he shared with the teachers. His uncle 18-year-old...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
But I mentioned when I said his uncle you felt like some 40-year-old guy right?
I thought 20 something. His uncle 18-year-old Albert Davidson of Stanford Connecticut,
which are the possession of marijuana with intent to sell.
Possession of marijuana with intent to sell within 1500 feet of his school.
And risk of injury to a minor. He was at least after posting a thousand dollars a month.
If he had a scale by the way, he'd have blown him away.
We understand that SWAT team in there. He was really scrap away.
How's that kid doing at Martinez? What was his name?
We could never pronounce it. Remember?
Oh that's right. Well whatever's name was. He's still there. Spickney, neither.
826 votes. He was a scared. He was a deer.
He had a scary one. He was a dangerous guy.
And a SWAT team in a big bad SWAT guys and a fluid crash away because he looked really dangerous.
And that was before October 1 by the way.
826 and his pool. Man I got a feeling that we're going to do it. I can smell it.
Oh no that must be Ashton Kuchikoo on this Promo.
Oh can't say that. What is this stupid movie? Guess who is that the movie?
Is that such a movie? I don't know.
He's bad man. He's so bad. Everything he's in is crap.
All he said that 70 show was good in the beginning. I find that hard to believe.
It was cute. But I was afraid. Good about it. The redhead.
They have that little screamer on there who's still on the show.
That Ashton Kuchikoo definitely is an old smoothie. Make no mistake about that. He ain't got nothing.
And everybody I was just annoying. The parents were the funny things in the show.
I see. But I'll take your word for when I watch this.
56670560, 0560 and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
We got Wilma coming this weekend. We got the big ratings book for the summer coming out on Friday.
We got maybe some indictments any moment come out in the plane gate.
And who knows? It's going to be a really heavy duty week.
So yeah, I always picked the right times to come back from vacation.
If you recall back in 2001, I was on vacation in September.
I came back home on a Sunday and I went on a year on Monday and everything was just fine.
I came back to you the morning and by the being was 9-11.
Right. Yeah. So they were after I came back. It's your fault.
WQA-M, hello.
I like to get a message to hang.
WQA-M, hello.
I like to get a message to hang.
Oh man, it's twins.
Yeah. That must have been the Olsen twins. Johnny and Eddie.
Remember Johnny Olsen?
I remember Jimmy Olsen.
Still dead. Both. WQA-M, hello.
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy.
Why should I play that?
Oh, I'll play that. Thank you.
Senator. Huh?
Well, I'm sorry. You know, when you get to be old and see, uh, Sena.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny, uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny, Of the Free Decks
brace public ki Maximum's
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny All on the 감ens
And Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny And Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
Is a very clever way to get this excitingtime and exciting gotta interview now
Come on. True story.
I'm trying to land the chicken for you.
There you go. I've seen that toy.
A chicken toy that squawks and flaps its wings when strangled is grossly irresponsible and sends the wrong message to young children
who spoke to them for leading animal welfare groups today in Sydney, Australia.
But they sure got their problems done under, don't they?
Apparently they don't have any.
The toy is manufactured by a Taiwanese company and is widely available in toy electronics stores across Australia and marketed for kids over the age of three.
A product description on the website of J. Carr electronics, a major Australian importer of toys says,
grab him by the neck and he'll squawk and clock like mad, clapping his wings and feet wildly as he's really being choked.
But Michael Beatty has spoken for the Queensland State Branch of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
said the toy was grossly irresponsible and said the wrong message to young children.
What's next? Burn a cat? Shoot a dog? Beatty said?
Children of that age are likely to turn around and try the same thing on their pet bird, even the cat or dog.
Then they're going to wonder why the animal fights back.
J. Carr is managing director Gary Johnstone, said he was amused and mystified by the RSPCA's response.
I would have thought that they would have better things to do like saving real animals from cruelty Johnstone said.
This is a toy that's used to relieve stress. It's meant to be a bit of a giggle, kind of like...
Yeah, just like that. That's exactly where that toy is.
A little giggle here and there, right?
That's cute. And then you write it.
Which over these crazy people?
Profit the 6 and 5, 60 WQYM and...
Boy, it's the 1 to 2 hour!
That's a touch of the...
The White House sends somebody to his studio.
They said he'd get paid if he put bushes plans on the radio.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-P-O-L-A
They walked up to him, offered 240 grand.
Just been a few lives in an envelope. They always pay all up.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-P-O-L-A
P-A-Y-O-L-A-P-O-L-A
P-A-Y-O-L-A-P-O-L-A-P-O-L-A-P-O-L-A-P-O-L-A-P-O-L-A-P-O-L-A
Well, they talk real nice about her child left behind.
And God attacks me, your scab, she's got it!
News got around and he collected a fee, they sent me to the pocket of Bush Jamie.
Well, I'm strong way of serenity.
Oh, guys, many regrets, taking pride.
That's you get something to pay your love.
B-A-Y-O-N-L-E-A-Y-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L-A-O-N-L.
Have you seen the spectacular jump that Eric has done on our website?
I haven't checked it out, but I know you can...
You can take a computer right now, man.
Right at the very top, there's the tracking map from the National Hurricane Center,
but even more importantly than that, underneath it, it's got all the logo.
There is the Q-A-M logo, it says,
how will Hurricane Wilma affect sound photos, sports, and the gambling odds?
Keep your radio tuned to 560QM for its exclusive team coverage.
That's very cool.
All right.
Oh, huh?
That's great.
That is great.
Nice going, Eric.
Surprise that Josh wasn't right on top of that.
Didn't even see it, did you?
I'm looking at it now.
Although, I like the...
Definitely the managed thing from the Sun, Central.
Man, that's incredible.
That a more horseman or a newspaper like that has got somebody on stand to come up with
something creative and really a real panic like that.
That has only a raw man, though, could be.
He'll be on 4-7 this afternoon, by the way.
Following his post-personal broadcast partner, the Mole Meister.
For those who just are in a love fest, you think?
No.
849, and we got an hour to go, so to a clock, what do you think?
849-151?
Do we?
Do it?
About two and a half, oh, it's a minute.
So make a half a vote right now.
Now, I'm doing this story with great trepidation because I know, for example, yesterday's
pool, obnoxious people, most obnoxious characters on the TV show, the winner hands down
would either be Jonathan or what tells your name from Guiding Light, Ross's daughter.
What tells your name?
Who?
I can't even think of it now.
But anyway, there would be one of them, Diana.
Nothing could be finer than the blowaway Diana, the winner for what?
But they would win most obnoxious TV, but we don't have any women listening, so only
women and old fags like me watch Guiding Light, so nobody would know who they are, Jonathan
and Diana.
There couldn't possibly be more obnoxious characters in the history of TV than those
pair.
So in line with that, this story, too, I do with great trepidation because most of the
guys out there aren't busy going shopping in the supermarket for like hand soap.
Not soap.
What do they call it?
Well, they just look with it.
And what's the other stuff?
I got to write in my kitchen sink there.
Liquid soap.
Liquid soap.
And I've already a long time ago.
Yeah.
Once ago, I said, do not go and get the anti-bacterial.
Make sure it doesn't say that on the label.
Please.
And now it says it seems hard to go wrong with hand soap.
It kills 99% of germs and gathers.
But critics of anti-bacterial soaps in the home say there's plenty to be concerned about.
How do you like that?
If it isn't the earthquake, if it isn't the hurricane, it's oh my god.
So don't drop it.
A government advisory panel will take a look at this tomorrow.
The popularity of soaps and other products claiming anti-bacterial property skyrocketed
during the last decade as consumers turned to them as a defense against household illness.
But some people can tell that a number of the products, especially those that use synthetic
chemicals rather than alcohol or bleach, those that risk creating germs that are
resistant to anti-bacterials as well as anti-biotics.
Those critics say anti-bacterials are no more effective than regular soap and reducing
infections in the list.
The FDA and briefing documents posted on the internet, so I had a tomorrow's hearing,
said the agency hasn't found any medical studies that definitively linked specific anti-bacterial
products to reduced infection rates.
Unlike anti-bacterial products, regular household soap separates, helps separate bacteria from
the skin so they wash down the drain and retouch to the hand towel when hands are dry.
Anti-bacterial soap kills the bacteria outright.
It kills them.
Manufacturers disagree with many of the critics claims while both sides point to studies,
they see support their point of view.
An FDA panel of independent experts will take up these concerns in a pubic hearing tomorrow.
How do you like that?
Well, good.
Good.
Let us know.
Critics like Dr. Stuart Levy, president of the Alliance for Prudent Use of Antibiotic
Says, these products should be banned for use in healthy households.
Instead he says keep them where they're needed and hospitals and homes with very sick people
and a greater risk of getting a bacterial infection.
We run the risk of changing the kinds of bacteria we confront everyday in a home center
Levy, a professor of medicine and molecular biology at Tufts University School of Medicine.
He says the small percentage of bacteria that survive a brush with a soap may develop
resistance to it, what's more, he says some surviving bacteria may have an improved
ability to pump out all threatening substances including anti-bacterial scents.
How do you like that?
When in doubt or pump it it out.
So just do whatever you want because we're all going to croak one of these days.
Just that we're going to part of God's plan man.
He works in very mysterious ways.
It's part of the plan because suffer on earth and then if we are real real nice and do
all of our you know, peas and cues, then we can go up there and be with the Lord, right?
Right.
We can be up there with Tracy Lord.
Oliver, do you?
8.71.
I'll look for Brandon Newwild.
I'll have a full time search.
Hey Brandon, Various Woodhard.
8.71.
Who are what best epitomizes America's celebration of mediocrity?
George W. Bush 426.
There ain't nobody close to the Bushmeister even though he's so far below mediocrity that
we don't even have a category.
They haven't invented a category that low yet.
Education system 123 and he's a good product of it.
Democratic Party 72 TV 49.
Goveridge man gets worse and worse and worse and FL 29 28.
Downtown Brownie Browns got 25.
Congress 24.
Harry admirers 23.
John Kerry 22.
Condoleezza.
Maybe your next vice president 20.
Wouldn't that be something?
Al Gore 16.
Julie Roman is run on Al's butt 15.
I was not interested in that they ran as a ticket and they're right there to get them.
That appropriate.
Oh, Julie Roman, the guy that crossed Al any chance to win even with the election now,
you know, he did win, but outright.
That was it.
And there's nobody talks about that.
I'm the only one that's got the balls to open up a big fat stupid mouth.
You don't put an Orthodox Jew on the ticket and accept people in the South.
The red next in the South is going to vote for a Orthodox Jew for a vice president.
No chance.
Norm B.
Yeah, right.
Rap music 10.
Parasilton 8 Ashley Simpson 3 L. Michaels 3.
I'm how do you like that?
Victoria got it too and the NBA's got a peer out of 8.71.
So we need a hundred twenty nine votes in 53 minutes.
That should be 8.75 125.
Yeah, peace of cake.
Don't be so sure.
Remember yesterday we had a battle in man.
They were playing with us.
They were towing.
You know, this sitting there now I'm going to click it.
Now I'm going to wait and I'm going to click it.
You know, they're clicking it.
They're playing games.
WDQA in Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your poll.
John Lake, we saw him.
Forty million Hispanics in the country and the guy is everywhere.
Who?
John Lake, we saw him.
The actor.
I have no idea what he called actor.
Does anybody know who that is?
Yeah, there's a lot of movies.
They ever heard him.
Okay.
He's just a mediocre.
Okay, thanks.
99.
What's my name?
I'm a guy.
Exactly.
That's what I was thinking.
WDQA in Hello.
Yeah.
Nice.
When you bring it from the bowels, that's what always impresses me a lot.
When you bring it from the toes all the way through.
5.670560, pound 560 in the horizon and singular wireless line.
Man, there could be like a whole department of psychiatry on talk show cars.
You know what?
A whole level of whatever.
I think it's worthy of a study.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Let's get some mind to conduct a study.
Have we got a lot of expertise in it?
WDQA am Hello.
Yeah, like a ad, a Regis film and the J. Lennon to your pole.
Two good choices.
Okay, even though I like Regis, but that's good.
What's the big stimulus with Regis?
He's been around for a hundred years now with a sudden.
He's a hit.
I think that's over.
Is it?
The whole Regis is.
Supposedly, he's off of that show.
Although he's a, I guess, keep saying it on.
It's big, Neil.
It's big in the both of us.
Yeah, well, I always held that note of thing against him anyway.
I like Regis, but, you know, he's great.
Me, mediocre is him.
And who's the other?
OJ Lennon.
Oh, boy.
Woo, man.
I'll give you another one.
Well, we got TV on there, but these are TV people.
How about Bob Schiefer?
Is that Okie-Dokie with you?
Okie-Dokie.
Good.
Here are some good news.
Finally, Jesus, I feel so guilty, pass along all the bad news, man.
Hurricanes, earthquakes, disasters.
Man, fire shots from building in downtown, Miami.
That you're looking at.
At this point, we have had no reports of anyone on the ground being hit and no one being
hurt, including police officers.
Initial reports from the police were that first responding officers were also fired upon.
But at this point, again, no reports of anyone being hit.
This is a relatively new building about four years old.
It's in an area of redevelopment in Miami along the Miami River that separates it from
downtown by only a couple of blocks.
I can see the county government building practically right next door, which houses the
office of the mayor of Miami-Dade County and all of the administrative.
Oh, my God.
So at this point, police have cordoned off a wide area around this building.
So it is affecting downtown traffic in particular today.
On a day when most people up so now have been so concerned about the hurricane working
out there.
Now, I've focused on this ten-story building and whoever is inside of it.
Sure.
Now, Brad, obviously, well, may be shot obvious, but do SWOT officers know which apartment
the shots are being fired from?
And if they do know which apartment, which window, then they know who lives in that apartment,
is it possible the person that actually lives in that building is the one firing those
houses?
I don't know how many Joel is involved in this.
I mean, the book hasn't even come out yet, Joel.
Don't get lose.
Please know and what they tell us are only two different things.
But presumably, if they do know where the radio is, they can't see anything.
This is the window that's based the river and one other window.
Is it Rod says, red bird?
Rod.
But they know what unit it is.
If they know exactly who's involved and what part of all this, at this point, they're
not telling us.
They're trying to cope with the situation.
And if we follow what's happened to the situation like this in the past, they'll try to set
up some kind of an avenue of communication.
Okay, well, we got some nut job in downtown Miami building, a far from some shot.
This is probably the one target practice.
Getting some of the, just like not a little steam before they hurried came.
When you think, it's good to be small when you have snipers running around.
Speaking of people with no hair, how's Miss Mark Potter doing these days?
Oh, it's speaking of no hair.
What a segue into our Spifersuck Alphiery.
Charlie's been helping the famous and infamous look their best for over 30 long, amazing
years now because nobody else does it like Charlie.
You never recognize his work because it looks like real hair.
That's the difference, man.
All the other systems, they look like straw.
They look like muskrats.
They look like a joke, a laugh.
But Charlie's natural hairline system looks like real hair that's going out of your scalp.
Nobody we even know is a piece.
It's 100% undetectable and Charlie's work has completely guaranteed you have nothing
loose but that ugly shiny ball spot that makes you look so much older.
You try Charlie's system for a month, for about 30 days.
After a month of you don't love the way listen feels and smells, how do you just return
it for a full refund?
Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the near Roger show.
Ed come back an extra 200 bucks off the regular price $800 of the natural hairline system.
Don't forget the secret to a great hair system and make sure nobody can tell you're wearing
one and Charlie's system is as natural as it gets for any amount of money it's affordable
too.
Call them today and say goodbye to your ball spot forever.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web it's Charles Alfieri.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
I'd be your listening though the aptly title and I'll prank it, Joe.
The flagship show of Air America.
I have a comedy bit here.
That's the wrong one.
Would you?
I'm here it is.
It's a prank.
It's funny guy.
There he is.
Bloggers too.
It's the hell's breaking Joe.
Blog, blog, blog.
That was a sent to me from August Belch who lives across from the pizza town USA and Garfield,
New Jersey.
A very, very talented individual.
Thank you for that.
I always have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone.
I can't believe how bad this is just a topple.
I'm a shame it's ever been associated with you.
Well the latest arbitrage shows us as number one against dinner.
You stink.
That Tom always such a panic.
Joining me in a studio today and sitting across the desk from me is the author of Deep Fried
Ham and Butter Beans, a misdeleri.
He's a real high-dellar.
So the you think Bush is a liar.
I know I know.
I'm not choosing.
They'd be so fun.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's nice to know how you're still alive.
You look very child.
You like some macaroni and cheese.
I've got some cooking right off the of.
I don't know.
I'm beating.
They could not be so in.
When I eat that so food my title thinks that the swear then I fall down you know.
There she goes again.
Anyway somebody says put Al Prackett on the pole absolutely Al Prackett and mediocre.
Also somebody says and a Ben Affleck.
It says vanilla would be a compliment.
If we're going to put Ben Affleck which we should because he's I think he also epitomizes
this very well.
How about JLo?
Okay.
No.
Sure.
We graded both our several launches below mediocre but that's as low as we can go today.
I think she's another extreme case of whatever she is.
Yes.
Okay.
Let's get them both on air and George Lucas somebody says is a new heights of mediocrity
with episodes one two and three.
It says George Lucas.
What a shirt turned on his face and then rightfully so he turned on us.
Yeah.
Right.
Lone loading all that will crap.
Yeah.
They hate you George.
I mean Lucas.
Appeals for a loss.
I was going to give this good news several minutes ago and I interrupted myself for all the
bad news about the shooter and they're holding it downtown Miami.
We just got shot.
We just have a good time.
Maybe he's just celebrating because the October 1st law is now like 18 days in effect.
Right.
We got 903 on air.
I bet you if I refresh will be a little bit higher than that.
Maybe like 904.
905.
See.
Surprise.
What do you got?
905.
905.
I mean we need 95 votes in 40 minutes.
That's like two and a half.
So hold a half a time and another half a time.
We'll do it.
Appeals scored a lousy head field of soothing New York Times.
A federal.
Remember this not Bobby head field.
Now which one was it was it really mainly I guess it was Bobby head field the right
says brother was doing a blow and died right.
This is Stephen Hatfield.
Oh in fact you know something what is this son.
It's the guardian and I read it the way it says it and of course it's a typo.
It's a misprint.
His name is Stephen Hatfield not Hatfield you idiot.
Cheese next they're going to put blood Hatfield on here the harness driver.
A federal appeals for yesterday a lot of former Army scientists and proceed with a
live lawsuit against New York Times that claims one of the paper comments unfairly linked
him to the 2001 anthrax killings and by the way speaking of that two things number
one thank you so much Mr. President for those low gas prices.
Yeah he's so good really whatever whichever one and thank you for the low gas prices
and whoever said that amtrak in the mail.
How did we ever catch those guys.
Oh yeah I got him right here.
But we got a person of interest Stephen Hatfield he was the guy sued the Times for a series
of comms written in 2002 by Nick Kristoff that followed the FBI for threatening the
thoroughly investigate Hatfield for anthrax mailings that left five people dead.
The initial columns identified Hatfield only as Mr. Z but subsequent columns named after
Hatfield stepped forward did not any role in the killings.
Federal authorities labeled Hatfield a person of interest in their investigation a person
of interest in a six to six decision one judge not participating.
The fourth US Circuit Court of Appeals held a producer majority of judges needed a greater
re-hearing and affirmed an earlier decision to reinstate the case.
Hatfield a physician by a terrorism expert worked in the late 1990s at the Army's infectious
disease lab at Fort Deeprick Maryland in July a three-judge panel of the court overturned
the federal judges ruling toss out the case saying that Kristoff's column taken as a whole
that's what they W might be considered the Famitory the Times that asked the court to reconsider.
The case now will go back to the federal court Alexandria unless the Times files a motion
asking the US Supreme Court to hear the case.
How do you like that?
And they're back again on here with this so horrible sky.
Or that was there was the person I love.
Is it?
I don't know.
Seriously?
Oh, I look who's on there.
I took the least arrived.
Well, thanks, friend.
Your friend Grace Nancy, or is that incredible or what?
Her hands off Grace is a way.
You know something she needs to be on this poll today.
She does.
Nancy freaking Grace such a disgrace.
By the way, Nancy, we got a new law in Florida.
I wouldn't come visit the sunshine state.
We got some bad weather coming this weekend.
Man, man reports missing car, but not missing child.
I see your laughing.
And I know what you're thinking too.
That's terrible.
Valparaiso, Indiana, a Michigan city man called police report is car missing, but didn't
mention that his four month old son had been left inside of it.
Porter County police office has found the car with a boy inside of my 11 o'clock Sunday
night parked in front of a home a few miles northwest of Valparaiso.
Ever been to Valparaiso?
No.
They were called by the homeless resident who found the car with the driver's door open
the child inside and nobody else around.
Officers said the baby's father, William Cursey, you know what he is?
3rd man.
Called two hours later, report the car missing.
Cursey called from a house about a mile and a half from where the car was found.
Police say he reported misplacing the car.
How did he misplaced the car?
Oh, you know, especially in Valparaiso, Indiana.
I didn't acknowledge leaving a son behind until he was told officers found the baby.
Investigators say Cursey told them a confusing story about chasing some people into the
woods and getting lost.
This kind of sounds like Susan Smith a little bit, doesn't it?
Well, there's another one.
Man, oh man.
I'm not really sure if I had a chance.
What's this bitch on CNN that I can't stand the day time that it's on right now?
What is her name?
I've got a block, a brain fart on her.
I'm not sure which I would like to take care of first.
No, no, the one in the midday.
I don't know.
The one that's the commentator now, not just the newsreader.
She's got Kira Phillips.
Okay.
Kira Phillips or Susan Smith?
Oh, boy.
Invite him both to Florida.
There appears to be more of this story than we were able to determine Porta County police
sergeant Tim of the M and said his story seems somewhat suspicious.
Yeah.
Officers arrested Cursey was with his four-year-old daughter on two counts of John the
Dr. Alexander Warren.
Porta County's shop predictive services took custody of both children.
Cursey was being held in Porta County jail.
What I find.
How do you like that?
See, this is what's wrong with a woman is people like us reproducing forced sterilization.
Keep saying those two words right then down on your wrist.
Write them in indelible ink on your forehead.
Forced sterilization.
That's what we need.
Imagine to build Ben as see what he comes up with.
What I've let it say, I guess.
Isn't it interesting how that just kind of slid by, you know, Russian is popping
his axes and like I said the other day, Bill O'Reilly with his phone,
section, all the other stuff that's going on.
And here's Bill Ben talking about aborting all black babies to bring the crime rate down.
And it's just nothing that these people do hold any water.
Nothing.
We're too worried about the East Hawk Rosenberg, whatever the horowitz.
918.
Now what does that mean?
918.
I don't know.
What do you think?
What does it mean?
Not looking good?
They can do it.
920 means we got like we need 80 votes in 35 minutes.
Well, that's not even three a minute.
This audience can't do that and your mama.
You'll love this, Dora.
Here's one of my very, one of the best from Bloomington, Indiana.
You notice how all the good stuff comes from these kind of month one-piece places?
Lately, yeah.
The Monroe County jail is within 10 days of running out of most basic supplies,
including toilet paper and cleaning materials.
The jail commander says because the county council wouldn't allow him to transfer funds to pay for them.
They're running out of T.P. at Bloomington, Indiana, Monroe County jail.
On October 11th, the council voted against letting jail commander Bill Wilson.
I'm going to say, big Wilson.
Bill Wilson transferred 47 grand from surplus personnel funds to the jail supply maintenance budget.
The overall request included 15 grand for basic operating supplies.
Kind of sounds like QAAM a little bit, where the turlits are always broken down.
And Monday afternoon, Sheriff Steve Sharp and Wilson met with commissioners with a list of everyday jail supplies,
including disinfectant, latex gloves, vacuum, hair and etched,
lombid detergent, foam cups and toilet paper that could be gone within days or by the end of the month.
We need to deal with this problem.
We'll have a situation where we don't know what to do, Wilson, until the early times.
Wilson noted that Indiana jail standards require that inmates have daily access to clean clothing and vetting,
cleaning materials and need a cleaning equipment.
All case in equipment and floors must be cleaned daily.
I don't know how to throw the paper.
How about putting a whole bunch in a cart and sending them up there?
Get Mr. Whipple on the case.
I'll send them to the party.
I'll send them to the party.
Oh, look at that.
There is a what's his name from Iowa?
What's his name?
To do this.
What is it?
Yeah.
That's the center that said the BS, Tom.
I'll tell you my brain in functioning well today.
Well, mine either.
Tom Harkin from Iowa.
That's who it is.
See, it takes me like an extra second or two.
That's what happens.
That's when you know you're really ancient, you know?
Like what is my name again?
What day is it?
Where am I?
It's kind of like Admiral Stockdale.
Didn't he just croak a little while ago?
I think he did.
Good.
900 and look how many we got.
About ten.
We got a shot.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
And finally, inside the Tom's array.
I hope they laugh at him.
Yes.
He's very manned by a fine name, right?
Down it.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
He's got a nice name.
Just like before the hammer and Sumen Blutz.
That's just the sushi.
Sushi sushi sushi.
Sushi sushi sushi.
Yeah, with casinos coming ashore competing destinations on the Gulf Coast and the casinos eager to try their luck
South Florida should add gambling to its list of tourist attraction to panels to yesterday
I wonder if casino stand is on top of this you think look on it would at pasty skin and at the whole
The discussion at a gambling trade show in Miami center on the region's potential to become a maggot for gamblers
And at the end of losing its competitive edge to other low cows with full-fledged casinos
same old same old how many thousand years is this gone on
Brother it's like fighting the flat earth's size the same effort
David and Howard County already have almost every amenity Vegas had said Fred Havonick owner of the flag of the dog track
But the region also has beaches and relatively short flights from northeast two things to make some for a natural competitor for
Sin City absolutely any any of you can see that
Anybody can see that Fred with baby boomers voice to be terribly joined the leisure set and gaming and doing such popularity
Arrange above golf as the diversion Florida would be foolish to turn its back on casinos the panel argued
The gambling issue is royal the sunshine state for decades it says casino interest promised major tax win falls
But opponents works of your social cost and a debt and Florida's image as a family vacation spot who wants to take their family to a place where it is gambling
There's absolutely no reason we should play around with casino gambling Miami Beach mayor the anxious David Durmer said the telephone interview yesterday
Is this he asserted casino tended to draw tourists away from restaurants bars and night clubs businesses that make up the backbone of Miami Beach's economy
I think it's wrong for a city said of course
He didn't mention the fact that it brings in all these Indians of additional tourists who will eat in those restaurants bars and night clubs
Florida voters last year approved referendum is indeed and brought over adding slot machines to raise tracking high-life
Front Times they said no and thanks to your people and Broward said yes
But the tracks are still waiting for state lawmakers to pass the regulation needed to install the machines
It says here a very interesting one understatement of the century. We're still waiting we're waiting over here
Okay, and of course you got the big hurricane this weekend
And then that'll be the big issues why they can't pay attention to it for next three four weeks after that
And that'll be like a long after circus you know, I'm saying there's always some excuse
What he said?
Yamama though gambling already exists in Florida aboard offshore gambling boats and Indian tribes slot parlors including Holly was hard rock
The gaming industry has failed so far to bring in full-scale casinos
No, Schmidt if we don't go down that path
We're risk losing a significant amount of that tourism growth to other destinations that Mark Falcone
Manzhi director of Deutsche Bank Securities Gambling Division Deutsche Bank. How do you like that? Deutsche Bank my ass
Chris Davidson a lot a lodging a list with YPB and R that's young for something in Rubikam
What is it? Whatever that agency is no their floor is enjoyed two strong years of tourism growth spending up 11% last year in
2005 look me even better while 39% travel survey said they wanted to go to Florida only 16% said it
Nevada is a place to visit so obviously we have to have either one or the other you can't combine both is what they're trying to say
Idiotic he said the surveys suggest gambling would be a plus for Florida by providing another activity to satisfy visitors
One in four travelers in the full side of gambling is something they'd like to do fewer than those enticed by
Spies 33% but above one of Florida signature pastimes golf 15%
25% that they'd like to gamble only 15% said they want to play golf. Thank God
Now how about playing golf and betting a thousand on it?
See you can work it and when the survey was narrowed to people who have gambled at least once in the past 12 months
Beaches ranked as the number one divergent look for an evocation
Falcon also describes how Florida is enjoying more success in the convention market a key engine for Las Vegas tourism industry
But you know that mr. Cipi's decision to work out casino is after Hurricane Katrina
Distorted gambling boats were likely to lead the lavish new buildings capable of drawing visitors away from Florida
Having a kuban slot machines in his race track at Flagler and I moved rejected by Dave voters earlier this year
I knew that Florida's ongoing hurricane was so the danger of thinking strong tourism markets will last forever
People are gonna be afraid to book convention here anywhere in Florida. He said
I'm going hurricane was like Wilma for example
Oh my god
This incident and passing and they're still huckin to trying to get about the the trial here about Sodom's trial
We got big fish to fry baby and once again you people in the media filling up hours and hours with nonsense with foolishness with Kakarai
With Spina Rai, which is trace trace. This has very certain he'll tell you 951 boy. Oh boy. We got a shot again
I guess I know my glasses. That's bad. Oh, yeah. Oh speaking of glasses
Let me tell you about that awful place down there. Oh another day. Yeah
So let's see we got more man it to what would we got on Friday now?
What's happening tomorrow probably some indictments coming down?
Let's hope this is the agenda tomorrow. We get the indictments against Dick Cheney and Carl Roe and Scooter Libby and George W
And then on Friday we get the ratings book from the summertime and George kicks big fat ass and Greg comes in says nice job
Neil and then on the weekend and we got the hurricane pressure pack. Maybe a lot of a lot of pressure
So what do we got I got 951 we got 22 minutes to go for a thousand nine fifty four forty six if we're gonna make the Guinness Book of Records
What we ought to be doing is start counting how many days in a row we did a thousand right probably Eric can figure that out
I'm sure he can because I don't save these well
I'm actually even I can figure that out because we could go to this history thing
He's got on there don't know much about history
But sure like that Paul Simon before started singing those silly songs 21 to 2 at QIM
This is Neil Rogers this is 560 Q8
Absolutely
Do we have this by the way
Okay
I
took it break the
is the best thing for me
I feel selfish and patient when they seduce me you're just a girl I do
She don't you, her self and the rest of my life finding another hot white I do
She don't you, she thinks hot and controlled I get some just any hold of waiting to say this to you
I'm 170 votes and I pull a 30 way
I'm 30,000 for the day, well I tell you this is a good feeling you know what to be able to sit down here's at my fan I said this year and over gonna go a thousand votes
Does it mean anything? Does anybody in the world care? No, it's changed the future course of human events. I got a good story by Clay Evans
I'm not Clay Aiken Clay Evans he writes in the Boulder Daily Camera torture in the name of Jesus
He says many Americans stand with President Bush on virtually everything simply because he's a self-appaired Christian
A once-wayward man miraculously turned prayerful
The Lord has just blessed him televangelist power Robinson once gushed about Bush somehow with the apparent beliefs of millions
It doesn't make any difference what he does good or bad God picks him up because he's a man of prayer and God's blessing him
Wow must be nice and you certainly wouldn't want to criticize God's in order to lead around Earth would you?
I guess that explains the deafening silence of the president's minions when it comes to torture
President Bush has said time and time again they doesn't support torture but as his is want his deeds make a liar out of him
On October 5th the Republican control you has sent about a 90 to 9 in favor of Senator John McCain's anti-torture amendment to a defensive appropriations bill
But Bush has threatened to use the first veto of his presidency to kill the entire bill which pays soldiers salaries and funds to ongoing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq
Because he opposes the preparation to ban the use of cruel and human or degrading treatment or punishment by the military and accordance with the U.S. Army Field Manual
This is as much about protecting U.S. personnel as anything
If we resort to cruel and inhumane treatment we hand our enemies a dangerous excuse to torture our soldiers when they're captured
But Bush swatze away such practical concerns evidently God has told him that torturing other human beings is fine as long as you're born again
Which is all that seems to matter to some evangelical Christians?
He had the crusaders and which burners and saveholders did it right?
This is a revolting distortion about our Christian president's savior stood for
Sure Jesus ripped the money to the temple and offered the occasional inconsistent message
For I've come to turn a man against his father or daughter against his mother
But torture?
The only person tortured in the gospels is Jesus himself and it wasn't pretty asked Gormas to rebel Gibson
When the president and his faithful lieutenants including Colorado U.S. Senator Wayne Allard won the nine loyal lactogs who voted against the McCain Amendment
Suggest that torture is a necessary response to the threat of terrorism
I wonder if he remembers what Jesus told a disciple I've got semini
Put your sword back in its place for all who draw the sword will die by the sword
Anyone who argues that Jesus would advocate torture with torturing the scriptures for immoral ends
As incredulous people are now asking who would Jesus torture?
Allard mean while recently told the Daily Camera Editorial Board that there's been no torture real treatment of detainees in the war on terror
It's all good he says this from a man who boasts on his website
I work closely with my colleagues in the current administration to spread democracy and prevent human rights violations worldwide
Regardless of people's political, ethnic or religious affiliation
Who would Jesus deceive?
When the leaders we choose say it's okay to torture anyone we like and destroy whole cities and vengeance
Illusion including women, elders and children and the retribution for the murders of four American mercenaries
The president should we read that whole eye for an eye passage
While claiming the mantle of Jesus we roam the same level of earthly hell as terrorists who proclaim that Allard urges them to slaughter innocent people
Play Evans he ain't no Clay Aiken but he's pretty good he'll do
Huh? He'll do for a moment or two
You're like speaking of that
Walsh always concerned after Burger King Crash
This is great after Burger King Crash man parks and eats
Well, I mean if you're gonna go to Burger King where's we'll eat something right?
I have a wapper or two
He must
I'm 77
11 minutes 23 votes
I just mentioned that in passing we're not nervous about it
We need 23 more in 11 minutes
That's two a minute nice even man
A man whose car ran into the front end tree of a fast food restaurant
Backed away parked and went in for breakfast official say
Okay, police patrol inspector Brian Hilts said 78 year old Rulan stepper's car struck the glass into wave the downtown Burger King Friday and
Was all Wisconsin after he backed up parked and went inside he was served his food and police called to the scene found him eating at a table
Tierra manager Kathy Fassi declined to say what he ordered
Oh, that's what we want to know don't wait come on a wapper would cheese a vacant wapper would cheese
I guess that's quiet because you know confident. Yeah, that must be it by lunchtime glass and other debris had been cleared away
Customers were able to use the normal entry thank goodness because the accident was on private property the man wasn't cited no
Full listing could be found for a stepper with the N.P. Try to reach him for comment Monday night. He probably was gonna say
Or maybe he's related to Greg maybe who's gonna say
Like that little yeah 78
The South Florida South Florida crowd can relate to that
People going through the drive-thru is creating drive-thru is where there aren't any all of these things
977 click click on it see what you got
979 oh the vote 984 mister how do I'm waiting it was 984 we need only six
97 what do you got 987 like I said I think before the break we can get to a thousand speaking of a Burger King they probably
Some of the Iraqi citizens would love to get Burger King 990 a United Nations Human Rights Investigator
Has accused us and British forces in Iraq of breaching international law by depriving civilians of food and water in
B.C. Cities as they try to fresh out flush out militants when in doubt flush them out but if the US the US military denied the charge and said
That while supplies were sometimes disrupted by combat food was never deliberately withheld
Gene Ziggler former Swiss sociology professor who's a UN special repertoire on the right to food what is a repertoire
Is that like an Ojan provocateur something like that? Let's just like it where the hell is that oh I got to find that here it is
He's an Ojan provocateur anyway he said that in Fallujah Talafar and Samara Iraqi and U.S.
Forces have cut off a restricted food and water to encourage residents to flee before assaults on
And Prince Sunni insurgents over the past year a drama is taking place in total silence in Iraq where the coal isn't occupying forces are using
Hungry deprivation of water as the weapon of war against the civilian populations of the Civil War through the news briefing
Two nineteen seventy seven protocols to the 49 Geneva conventions which lay down rules of conduct and armed conflicts then using the deprivation of food of water as a weapon of war they also prevent destruction of food stocks or
Interruption of food supply lines what thousand what we got a thousand we did it man we did it eat your heart out David Samson you didn't make it to the
Series but we did it this is me no Roger this is by
Mickey Mouse of it Mr. Mouse
It's Michael Eisner Michael Eisner
Oh
Mommy Osmond what do you want it's Michael Eisner sir it's not
Tommy Osmond it's Michael Eisner the
Puts president oh
Boy I know good morning sir. I'm the most done with you pal sir. I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare
You had it's going through I'm a free give me out of here what a smashing success
There's nothing was in the toilet it was unbelievable if you break down the
Democratic you know what Eisner say that I'm just happy it's over sir I believe the second
Go around will be much better the second go around you must be on crack we're not doing that thing again
Why do you want to bring that back because the first time around you barely miss
Coppiling the entire network what sir has already done what do you mean it's already done nobody ever told me it was already done
Hang on we must come on the phone would we must
Yes what the hell are you doing some kind of it but do it quietly we must
That's not quiet enough we must at blue bird stinks like a mom pit
Sir our base sweeps will be amazing I'm a celebrity get me out of here too instead of 15 nights
40 straight night 49 so bomb a celebrity get me out of here you're killing me and the celebrities
Ten times better oh my god we've got
Hold on
We must
We must take the harmonica slide it up your back and walk it out
All right do we've got Bernie Capel who Bernie Capel the doctor from the loveboat
Off the heaven thanks he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial
We've got a real hottie Adrian Barbos
Oh my god she's terrible and someone I know you'll love Billy Bush
Oh wait a minute is that the president's annoying nephew that's the one off our heaven's sake you can't put him on the air
And hold on
Yes
Three months
Three months
I can't hear you boss of the book
We must come on the phone
Here you go stop drilling what are you making making a new condenser boss what's wrong with my own
Credenza is your lack of shot my shallack and shop
Oh
I don't care who you have on this nightmare
Well, we have the major elixir sir. We got Scott back you are and Leonard Neymoy even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neymoy
Remus I wasn't addressing you
All right, buddy. He was following this
I'm surrounded by idiots
Hey Remus I thought I told you to put that harmonica up your butt
Sorry I farted both
Oh so far in the office Remus
What the poor words coming at me can't take me
Bye bye bye
