Another day and you just say any army another day another 50 cents.
I'm for Neil.
I'll have a 30 cent.
Neil will take you up until two o'clock when we'll have you know you don't have
sometimes on your table you turn on and it says that programming it's just
something about the programming like it's anyway we got that at two o'clock and
at four o'clock.
Man, it's four o'clock.
It's a bad program and it's what?
It's slide by on that.
See there you go again Mr. Non-Committal.
You guys want to dump all the crap on me and then yeah well I'm not going to be the crap
man anymore.
The president speaking to the United Nations.
Like I said crap okay.
You look for authorities and organize.
Yeah right get them out of my life.
So he finally admitted that he's taken a rap man.
He didn't admit anything.
All he did is they're trying to do a little damage control not hurricane damage but
political damage you know they looked at those polls and they said well you better start
to fasten up a little bit.
I think it's too late.
And these jackasses these analysts on television will lose this very reminiscent of JFK after
the Bay of Pigs.
Yeah every time I see Bush I think a JFK you know.
Give me a break.
Yeah please.
Well what?
This is the problem.
It's not Bush that's the problem.
It's the media that's the problem.
Well I got to do is just try to big fat spotlight on him and Carl Roe and all these
Nazis man and they'd be out of there in ten minutes but they're too busy with Monica
and the blue dress just like your buddy Tom Fiehlert there at the Herald with his trench
coat.
My buddy.
Donna Rice that's just just an expression.
Everybody's buddy Tom Fiehlert with a BDI.
He's got the same BDIs as this John Roberts guy.
You're going to see his eyes.
If you see any of those hearings take a look at his eyes okay.
He's got the eyes of one of those religious or robins brainwashed John Roberts.
Yeah.
Not the one that does the news on CBI.
I know what he's going to be.
The one that's going to be a ranked chief justice.
Right.
Rank was senior.
He makes rank was seem like a liberal like Ted Kennedy.
And the good part about it is that he's young enough that he's probably going to be there
for four years.
Oh yeah.
You and I will be pushing up daisies before this guy's ball.
Oh yeah.
No we'll be here.
We really.
Yeah we'll be doing.
Yeah somebody said that to me yesterday about how about if I just do Monday, Wednesday
and Friday until I croak tell him about a hundred years old.
Of course that's probably a pretty good idea.
Then we can relate to the average agents south Florida.
You know I've never been old enough to relate to those people.
The people who used to call me in the beginning.
Yeah.
Hello Dr. Dunn.
I've got blue lips.
Dr. Dunn.
As long as I live I'll never forget that show.
Here's Marvin Dunn.
You know Marvin.
Sure.
Professor of human psychology at FIU and a whole show is about race relations in a community
and I go to the phones.
Hello Dr. Dunn see she heard the word Dr. so she wants her female medical advice.
I've got blue lips.
Dr.
What can you tell me?
And Marvin looked at me and I looked at him and I thought oh boy I thought oh yeah that's
exactly what I thought.
When you decided to stop doing issues.
No that was not one of the things.
Actually when I stopped to decide the issues was I was supposed to have Madeline Marie
O'Hara which I'd had around many times.
She was great when she was all in one piece.
Yeah.
In fact there's not her theme song now I go to pieces.
That's bad.
Yeah.
But anyway I was supposed to have her on for like the 8 million time and I started thinking
because I had been kind of making a little transition on the show anyway we're from guests
and I just canceled it and that was the end.
I don't know something inspired me because I said to myself you know when you're doing
your guest not that I want to influence anybody else's show but when you're doing your
guest you're a narrow casting because anybody who's not interested in what that guest
is talking about like I wrote for example.
I don't want to pick on him.
But you know that's all he talks about is one thing.
So you're a narrow casting and you're like anybody who doesn't care about what that
guest is talking about is gone.
You're inviting them to tune out.
You know what I suppose it's a difference between that and people not interested in the
subject you're talking about.
Right.
Well no but the point is you could be talking about a whole bunch of different subjects.
Well people can identify that somebody can call up and change a subject.
Right.
Oh they sure do.
And of course on this show when they call up and change a subject it's usually like
that.
That's their subject.
You know which is okay.
Tell some good time.
You know Neil you want to tell myself.
Teach a course.
Okay right on the ear.
You want to teach a course.
Yeah.
In broadcasting.
Yeah.
Well if I ever get back into it maybe it's a good idea.
I bet it would be something that would be very personally.
I ever get back into the radio business.
Personally satisfying.
I don't need to teach a course because my advice is stay the hell out of it.
I've said that that's a one thing consistently.
Don't get into this business okay it blows.
And it.
You know it used to be fun.
It used to be creative business yet.
Your personalities.
You had a lot of fun.
You had some creativity.
Now it's you know the same for grave robbing companies.
The same bastards that owned every radio station in the world basically.
And you haven't got a trineman's chance.
Right.
And you know the worst part about it.
And we can't even do fart sounds on this show.
I'm looking at the pull we're taking.
The audience wants the fart sounds back.
So I had a discussion with our two flunkies before the show this morning.
Our two middle level management week need flunkies.
The two voices.
And but it means they even fart all you want before 10 o'clock you know.
Because the joy.
The joy just made it up.
They have fart sounds on kids shows on network cartoons and Saturday morning.
They have fart sounds on cartoons but we can't play them anymore because joy's made it up.
That's the kind of company this is you know.
Well I saw somebody who made a comment yesterday.
A political guy any user word asked you know.
And apparently you know there are certain conditions under which we're not allowed to say that.
You just can't use the whole word.
Oh, oh the rest of the second part.
I got it.
OK.
Right.
Hey listen.
Great way you have to come in and read the room.
No, I realize it's on my time now.
But you better watch yourself.
The last thing we need now that we finally got the schedule back to.
Or yeah, I'm being.
I'm being.
We don't need another Patrick Fallon's weather for you.
OK.
Well, I'm tired of that crap.
I was thinking about this yesterday.
You know, you're going to get me going which seems to be the purpose of this whole crossover is.
I have never seen anybody treated with such disrespect is the way they treat you.
And I'm not just saying that to suck up because that's not my style.
But they treat you like crap.
I don't understand it.
I don't get it.
I'm sure that the people at ESPN and ABC treat you a little bit of respect.
I love going to work.
Right.
But this because I see you wander you know like on the races and stuff.
And I see that's the same Hank that they treat like crap or I work.
You know, I think it's a personal thing.
I think Greg hates you like poison like he hates a George.
And also hates me but he can't get rid of me because he needs me bad.
Yeah, there's one caveat to it though.
And you told me when we talked a few years ago, just cash it checks.
I understand that but you know, you can't see it.
It could also be pleasant at the same time, which is not a middle vocabulary.
You know, I've always asked to be a lot of angst.
Oh, you did this and you said that.
The mama, you know, and of course the audience isn't supposed to know about any of this about your 85 suspensions.
Most of them are like this last one that was piggybacked with your vacation.
So we're all supposed to dummy up and oh, well Hank just not here today, you know.
This guy has been suspended more times than Carter's had an anima.
It's just it's scary.
I'm not the only one when Joe Rose was here.
He used to routinely get suspended.
Oh, yeah. Well, you see Joe was also like a human punching bag for Greg.
He, what he did to Joe and Joe is a great guy.
You know, he really is. He's a good broad cancer.
But he's a good guy.
And what the way they treated him was just inhumane and why?
Why? He was a good lawyer guy.
In fact, he even came back for more punishment a second time.
After he just he resigned, oh, you can't resign.
You're fired, but stick around until I find a replacement.
And then he came back another time and they'd strung him along
while they were working to put that stern thing on here,
which was the kiss of death.
They were working behind the scenes to stab him in the back
and Greg kept canceling the meetings and canceling meetings.
They were supposed, you know, because the guy wanted to have a mean to decide
who's going to get paid or not, you know.
And then they just, and of course they chased him across the street now.
And meanwhile the stern show was gone and we're getting there.
We've got only those how many fines in the FCC on that.
And then of course the Joe was over there.
Is the only thing they got in the other place.
Nice going Greg, you quizzling, you idiot, you.
You're fair. Right.
But anyway, he's not going to suspend me because he needs me bad.
I know. That's why I have nothing to say.
And no, I don't do suspensions.
I don't play that game.
But never let. I just don't. I would never do that.
Now you do it because you get paid and they pretend they don't pay.
But that's all under the table.
That once happened to me at I and Z.
And it's, yeah, it's data.
Hey Lawrence.
Huh? I'm sorry. What was that?
No, I'm not seriously down.
I got suspended for saying something on the year, which really was much
to do about nothing.
And he called me. It was off his knee.
They paid me double.
It was like hush money instead of just paying me for the period of time
that they allegedly were docking me for.
He gave me another check and they paid me double for what I would have gotten
just to keep my mouth shut.
Well, I will say this last summer, not this past summer,
but this summer before last.
Yeah.
Was the best summer I've had since I got out of school.
I had like 10 weeks off.
Oh, you mean with all the suspension?
Yeah, got paid.
But don't see now. There you go again.
I can smell another one coming now.
Why would I take 10 weeks with me?
How about pay Marlon?
Yeah, I would take that.
Actually, I got seven months with pay from tax and I got to beat.
That was great.
Oh, I remember that.
That was so great.
I met them at the airport.
I'm on the way to Rome.
And on the way to the airport, I'm listening to the car
and Norma Kent calls in Rick and SUDs and says,
oh, I want to see, you know, he was testing to see if I was listening.
You know, well, Neil is listening.
I want to see how many people listen to your show, Rick and SUDs.
If Neil's listening, I want him to call me right away.
So I get to the airport.
I call him in his office.
And he says, stay in Europe as long as you want
because you got seven paid months,
tax and spend you off to go away.
Oh, what a messaged.
Yeah.
So I spent almost that whole seven months in Europe.
I remember that a couple of days ago.
This is boring here.
I'm going back and I did.
I kept going back.
It was great.
I remember when you came back.
We had dinner at the dog track, remember?
Yeah.
Not at the, at the, at the,
or not the dog track, pompano.
Pompano.
Yeah.
And we were sitting there and in the fat rich's brother-in-law
who's a couple of bricks short, he came up and said,
in the middle of dinner when he says to you,
oh, this is my brother-in-law, Richie.
And of course, I was, I keep thinking about how embarrassing that was.
It was, of course, at least you had your last dinner
with fat rich anyway.
Yes, that's true.
I was sad.
What a good guy he was.
He was a nice man.
He really was.
Yeah.
We had a lot of fun at the track for years and years and years.
And his, his thing was so big about,
he wanted every, even strangers.
Oh, I had the super right, and I'd run around with his ticket.
Yeah, seriously, it was like, this was his claim to fame
is that he was the racetrack, the expert, you know.
And he really did have a long hot streak going there for quite a while.
Those are great.
Yeah.
You're right.
I had a streak, a 22 consecutive winning nights at Northville
down since you've been there.
I figured, you know, you were there once.
Yep, and a 22 straight winning nights.
That was a pretty good streak.
That's what happens.
And then you're, you're playing with confidence too.
Right.
You know, when you're winning like that, you just, you
have to get that correct.
And then of course, right now, I'm in the opposite.
It's just one of those things.
Speaking of the lobby.
I take it this straight.
See, I don't want to go on to 10 30, but, uh, why should I do?
The, the 649, you know, which here they pay a lump sum.
No taxes, no nothing.
So it was eight million on Wednesday night.
Last Wednesday.
No Saturday.
So I played, uh, I spent a couple hundred bucks.
And I checked the numbers and I thought I won 40 bucks,
which is pretty weak, you know, nothing.
Next morning, I get up because they don't show you how many
people won or how much they won until one in the morning.
Well, I'm not staying up to one in the morning to check.
So next morning I check and I see some schmuck one eight and a half
million.
And then I realized the numbers I looked at weren't the right numbers.
I was looking at Wednesdays, numbers, not Saturdays.
So I dug all my slips out of the waist basket.
They can, hey, maybe I got the eight and a half million in here.
You know, you never know.
Yeah, that's what was me.
And come to fight out instead of cashing 40 bucks.
I cast 25 bucks.
So when your luck is on the downswing, it's, you know,
I'm going to go as in cycles, you know, then.
You know what?
I was at a Delmar when I was away and I hit a pick four in New York
at Saratoga and it paid pretty well.
It was a signer and I had it for a dollar, but there was a
dead heat for second.
Yeah.
And I didn't realize it when I went to collect.
I got twice as much as I thought I was going to get,
because you get a twice when you're dead heat.
Right.
What a windfall that was.
That's great when that happens.
Yeah.
Now I mean, we had all kinds of stories that will put the
audience in here.
Everybody cares about this.
Like one day at Calder, there was a, I had a, made a real heavy
bet on the double and the horse I've bet in the first race came
in second.
And I just held a ticket in my pocket.
I had a feeling and it was like this long.
They never put inquiry up, but there was a long, long way,
like 15 minutes before they made it official.
And finally the numbers on the board come down and they took
the horse that won.
He won by like 10 lengths and they took him down and they put
my horse up and I want to cash in the double.
And the reason they took the horse down is the jockey through
the weights on the back stretch.
So when he came back to weigh in, he was like 10 pounds on
the board.
Yeah.
That's a true story.
It was the one horse.
Huh?
Can we do that?
Through the weights out.
I only wait.
I'll come back.
Come in tomorrow, 10 pounds lighter.
Let's give it a shot.
Hey, how good day?
See you tomorrow.
Hey, everybody.
I'm Brown and Brown accountable for everybody.
Brown and Brown has a human being.
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a brown nose and I
know where I pointed.
There was no rush to get them saved.
They don't vote for public end anyway.
I did everything I possibly can to show my support for the
good left plan.
Oh, what a job I had as a vector of FEMA.
When I'm much more than a weasley skimmer and a clueless son
of a kid.
It's his kids.
Brown calls him the bridge.
It's his kids.
Brown calls him the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone with no use.
And I did one heck of a job and it's your pays off to be a
crown and another white face.
The Christian, founding the national guard is down there now.
With orders just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is paying all the hurricane gave us the
big EC for the Eoconsoncial engineering like a giant
Republican Swing G.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
How do we compassion what we lack?
It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend
the Susay is a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have a black in the first place.
This is no time to play the blame game since we know that
very angels called by kings who are not the right kind of
alma mater.
Lights trotting the clueless and carols go nowhere
achieving the American right wing dream.
To make everybody white like these.
As the ignorance of a bitch gets its child.
Ground coach of the bridge.
Oh, how I be expecting my new granny and horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses.
I'm an negligent murderer now.
And I'll keep going down and keep finals ground.
I'm an negligent murderer now.
But I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
How excellent.
I'm going to send him a check just because I was so good.
Wow.
I feel bad for him.
I just he gets out of my nerves.
But then I play one of those bits and I say no, he's all right.
And his own a bald headed chicken neck turkey neck geeky way.
This run on a hit next time.
I'm sure you already do that.
And they brought me a team America team America.
The world world police.
And it was great.
I watched it last night.
I had a partner in the restaurant who did the South Park stuff.
And it was Mary Annette's.
Right.
They could have made it just animated which your cartoon.
But they did it with Mary Annette's which had to be a thousand times harder.
And it was really done with Mary Annette's too.
I read about it.
Right.
Just as opposed to just to be cute just to be different.
Yeah.
And it worked.
But that was really great.
It was sensational.
Although I like like I said if you watch the DVD there are things under the one in the
theater version of it.
You were telling me about it.
I guess I got to rewatch it now.
Right.
I was kind of pooped after I watched it.
It's 1015 at 560 WQM.
Suck it in and hold it.
Grab hold of your Yamakas and get ready for the Broadway show.
You won't want to pass over.
It's Pidler Under Roof as you've never heard it before starring Rogel Dile.
If I were a thing girl.
Yada Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile Dile D
I'm a good person, I've ever encountered my life as Tom Jicke. It would be too much like doing work to do a little research on Dick Casper. It's not Rick Casper, it's Dick Casper, but then again you don't know crap.
WDQ I am, hello.
Yes sir.
I started cooking my guts last weekend when I saw the O'Ride Day, exactly. The O'Riley factor.
I was standing for O'Riley and I think I've given a hard time to Canada's rescue team that showed up at New Orleans first.
They showed up before, they, oh, they, who's ever little puppet that I was trying to make, I'm excused at all. You shouldn't be doing that because you're making us look bad.
The new thing is that what you're trying to do make us look bad, having you rescue team show off first in New Orleans.
You haven't, do you have to be Joe and a guy with serious?
I am, I am that serious. I am that serious. You can look it up. I try to look for the clip. I can't find it.
Or, and by the way, God are you university. I'm coming over.
Okay.
Have a good one.
See ya.
Alright.
What do you say? You can translate. I don't understand it.
I still, I'm still puzzled by what I did with that part of my pile that had to pull in there probably because the, what was the pull yesterday?
Was that the one about the right wing? Well, I should know if we're sitting right here.
Oh, that's right about the, no, and they probably do want to know the result of that pull. So maybe Eric, can he? Yeah, that's right.
And of course, grow it up, got it. And then down from there.
Oh, no. That's a shame.
How, how could that disappear? I looked in the garbage. I've looked through my enormous piles here and it just, it just vanished in the city or along with the thing about the original printout.
I had to the New York Times there about 150 dead people in Iraq about the bloodshed and murder and violence in Iraq where things supposedly are under control.
And the, the insurgency is in its waning days.
Yes, we know.
Over here. That's what the, your lion piece of crap by his president was a babbling and he just gets off the hook.
They don't keep replaying that clip. Although quite frankly, if I had to choose between that and the good one in the, where the guy told me to go,
and I'm still, I'd rather see that the one in Mississippi. That's the clip we need to see over and over again.
And then of course come to find out and actually they have to bleep that out now.
Right. Because they don't want to get fined by the FCC by the dirty word police.
Grow up America. Okay. Forget about this team America. Grow up America. That is a great movie.
Team America, world police highly recommended by our security. A lot of, a lot of profanity, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of grotesque stuff. It's great.
Including and if you saw the one in the theater, you definitely need to get to be the unedited one to see what I'm missing.
Yeah. In fact, speaking of Brownie.
19 before 11 at 560 WQIN.
Neil God.
I'm a woman in David. You're over here and I'm over there. How about the mallards?
Hmm. There we are. How about them at a hurry, Jason?
You know what? If I'd always I can take from that feeway, hoi, if that pipe smoke is six one little pinky toe in the studio again.
Why y'all put some into no see? I'll knock out his teeth. I say I'm gonna mobilize him. Why y'all twist them into a pretzel?
Why I'll tear him with from Lynn. The slice is belly open like a group. Now make that poop will cry.
The next time he attempts to assassinate my good character, I'm gonna call my attorney. I'm calling the national guard.
The matter where they are. Yeah, I'm calling my rabbi and I'll call Mabel. Like Label.
And then I'm gonna pull a freight train using only my dentures like all American boy.
You've been lands on strong. Why if I ever get my hit? What is that? There's a monkey in my checker tank.
I'm gonna pull a truck.
I'm gonna pull a truck.
Get out of my checker.
I'm gonna pull a truck.
I'm gonna pull a truck.
I'm gonna not dare. Not dare.
I'm waiting for the last breath.
Let's see. Here's a fact from the frog hater who says you haven't played it in a while but I'd like to see. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. As in John Henry. I don't think we need to put that on. It's not gonna get any votes, right?
It really won. No.
Let me just say this to you. Okay. Now, Stern is still playing far. It sounds. It has been all long.
In fact, when I'm off was sitting in there with the dump button with the 85 dump buttons and a 45 minute delay.
I guess we were dumping all those on. I'm feeling the day that he had the farting contest or whatever that thing was.
So they had to dump a whole segment of it out. Very juvenile and childish. Okay. Based not on the FCC.
Based not even the most repressive American laws under this fascist regime. But based on the ramblings of Joyce who doesn't know a radio from your reinies.
Okay. Or the English language or FCC law. Nothing. Just makes it up as she goes along because panic is us.
So when did that leave it out? And I'm gonna say it again. If Clarence and or Duff and of course Greg forget about him because he has to leave it to corporate legal, you know, which is code for he's been whosified.
Since he pulled that fast deal with my contract that time and lied to his teeth about it. Since that time he's been whosified and put in his place by corporate legal, by Carolyn Beasley and by Joyce over there in the West Coast.
Embarrassing. So in any way you'll have to make do without the fart sounds. That's a raspberry. Okay. For Greg and for Clarence and for Duff and for Joyce especially. Another one for her.
There you go Joyce. Okay. Before and thanks to Eric getting that pull from yesterday. I got it. I still can't find what I do with that. That's why the second time I think I ever done that.
It's very strange. Do you ever have that happen to you? It had something right in front of you. Yeah. Well, not under your asses. Sometimes if I, you know, it is not under my ass. I'm not sitting on it. I'm not catching it.
I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it
I'm not getting it.
What else like this? Forget about it.
The chocolate bomb was illustrated in documents which also explained that it was intended to
blow up seven seconds after somebody trying to break off a piece.
The sketch of the device labeled in English was apparently made by British agents.
The bomb is made of steel with a thin covering of real chocolate, the note said, when the
piece of chocolate at the end is broken off the canvas shown is pulled and a delay of seven
seconds goes by and then the bomb explodes.
Other German designs included bombs disguised at tens of plums, throat lozenges, shaving
brushes, batteries, wood, coal and stuffed dogs.
You ever see wood explode? I have.
So stuffed dogs.
Great agents didn't intercept one of us our innovation.
Bombs disguised as cans of peas.
According to documents released two years ago, the pea bombs were intercepted.
I heard the pea brains whenever pea bombs speak of our management team.
The pea bombs were intercepted when three Nazi savagitors were arrested in Ireland in
July 1940.
The cans contained small slabs of nitrocellular explosives, dismissing the threat British
security agents said the devices were the most primitive kind, kind like the Brits,
primitive.
German espionage and sabotage in Britain reached a level of 100% incompetence in WW2,
historian Christopher Andrew told a press briefing, others take Kennedy.
Effectively, put the intent test in and after the mobile case as you will.
This is all well and good.
Ted, you're doing a hell of a job, but it's all just a window dressing.
That BDI bastard's going to get in.
It's just why we going through this.
Something for the talking headnet was to put on anyway.
The archives also released some copies of some printed materials attributed to German
saboteurs.
One red to the man of Britain and Ireland, you have proved yourselves a race of abject
cowards.
I'm willing to leave your mamas and wifey's apron strings and fight me.
You lice, vermin, spawn, a prostitute.
You ferry.
Andrew, the official historian of the security service said the effort is so bad.
He thinks it may have been a spoof cooked up by British civil service.
I've got to have something to do.
I've been to individuals that lived many years ago.
Okay, Ted, calm down.
Now, here's the poll from yesterday.
Thanks to Eric.
Worst TV show of all time is we had 264 votes.
That's not too bad.
In fact, the judge says that if we don't get 800 during the show today on this
poll, he's leaving.
You know what you said?
That's what I said.
How about those marlins, by the way?
I told you Houston couldn't score in a fixed game.
Did I tell you that?
You did.
I predicted Marlon victory last night.
They won four to two.
Phillies will beat the Brazelies last night.
I believe five before was that final score?
Yes.
So it's like I told you, Houston is a fading.
They're fading, which they have a habit of doing that.
It looks that way.
Just kind of like the red sauce are stirring to fade and the anchies are making them move.
17 to two yesterday.
The anchies in Tampa Bay.
Wow.
Not good.
But at any rate, so the Marlins win four to last night and Houston is fading out of it.
But fully win.
So it's like this weekend.
That's where he's going to be just huge.
Yes.
And that's the PPP Park.
If those games are not only sold out but standing room only, that's going to show us out for
it if it being a real, but I think they will be.
Don't you?
Sold out.
Jam packed.
There'll be people standing on the rooftops.
There'll be people squeaking at Roxy.
I don't care what you say, by the way.
He's very squeaky.
Oh, he's not bad.
He's a squeaky.
And I don't care what anybody says.
I think, Gellie, you're doing a good job on a Panther games.
I'm sure you're shocked by my saying that, but I think he will.
Because I heard that tape at one game he did.
And you don't have to have a great voice to do to broadcast sports.
There are a lot of great announcers who didn't have a great voice.
I don't understand.
But you know what I'm saying?
Although, oh, wait till George hears who this is.
Remember, he is paired with motion.
Here's Panzer with a draw.
Excellent.
He's saying.
It's your buddy, Rimmer.
Do you bring us me?
Do in Cleveland and the Syracuse Crunch.
A game played in Columbus, Ohio, which I guess is why he's doing a game.
Well, he's got a good name.
Your buddy, Rimmer, who's getting ready to buy you that lunch, by the way?
Any minute now.
His wife can buy it for me.
Well, she's great.
Love you, Ferrell.
Your husband and, Cully, don't love him call him anymore.
I know she hates me, but still, you know, she's great.
The worst TV show of all time and in the cool show, 153.
Throw a throwing up, Gaudi, 139.
Just absolutely, Guido inducing, puking, awful, nasty, nauseating, bringing A&E down several
notches.
Rosio Donald show, 106.
Isn't that what she weighs?
106.
What do they do the weight in in the metric?
What do they call it?
Oh, pounds.
No kilos.
Oh, stones.
No, no kilos.
Great.
With 2.2 pounds.
So she probably weighs 106 kilos.
All right.
Dr. Phil 89, Jerry Springer said, and you look at Dr. Phil, we left him off at the beginning
and he's zoomed up as we knew he would.
He just borrows, man.
He's pathetic.
Prior to the time that we adopted the Dolomin.
Jerry Springer 78, cop rock 71, American Idol 66, he hauled 59, show for idiots, Oprah
48, a show for female idiots, fear factor 44, the view 40, bunch of fat old bitches and
Barbara Walters sitting around talking crap.
Dukes of Hazzyn 32, my mother, the car 26, Joni loves Chachi 23, quit picking on Scott
Bale, I'm sure he was married to Nicola Churden, or was that William's?
Who was married to her?
Nicola Churden was Harry Hamlish.
No, no, but before that, I don't know.
Oh, well, he is married to Scott Bale.
There you go.
Well, who was in charge?
Survivor 23, the Tony Danza Show 19, he gives me shbilkeys, man.
He just almost as bad as the Gadi Guidos.
Full house 15, Golden Girls 15, Jackass 14.
It's a miracle we can say, Jackass, the whole word.
Everybody loves Raymond for a 13, Nanny 13, the Brady Bunch Hour 13, Green Acres 13,
Alph 11, punk 11, punky Brewster 9.
Look at that punk and punky Brewster.
And maybe we got some punky pie.
Cops 8, Seinfeld 8, Baywatch 8, Beverly Hillbilly's 8 and 8 and 8, a lot of punky pie.
LeVard and Shirley, Shlameo Slomosl 7, Nuneweb Game 6, Bob U Banks, I still can't get that out of my head.
And now you probably know what I'm talking about with his stiff necked look, Bob U Banks.
Yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.
He always had like, he had too much starts in his collar or in his neck.
XB Makeover 6, Blind Date 6, Home Improvement 6, Love American Style 5, Barney 5, the 18 5,
A, Charles and Charge 5.
Oh, that's really loves Scotty.
Mod 4 married with children 4, The Love Boat 3, The Love Boat.
I don't know if I even, I hated the show, but I hated the announcer, did that much worse.
The Love Boat.
Mark Mendy 3, Magnum P.U. had 3.
They were definitely gay.
Rugrats has got the pair Hello Larry 2, Night Rider 2, one day at a time 2.
That was Bonnie Franklin, right?
Yes.
Oh, and who is the agenda around that show?
Schneider, Pat Harrington.
Pat Harrington from the Old Steve Allen Show.
He used to be funny, and I was hard to believe.
A Night Man 2, CSI 2, Matlock 2, He Ha Honey's 2, Mr. Redhead 1, Gilligan's Adam 1, 2,
closer to Copper 1, Will and Grace 1, and None for Get Smart, Street Smart or Goamers
Piles.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
69, A.M.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your volume.
Any questions?
Gillis, St.
Wright, Colonel, Theron, Obey, a Bounder guy who died.
Bob Denver was the ignorant.
Yeah, that's right, he died.
He had so many coconuts all upon his head.
He just got off to this career, which was already dead.
He died.
It's known as Rufus Butterworth, a Dolby Gillis friend, and Blaine Hickman is still alive,
but Denver met his end.
Bob Denver, he died.
He last was seen in a grave like this, started 6 feet in the ground with a whole hail.
Frank Faelin, too.
Jim Back is, and the old wife, but not Tina Louise, who resembles a little factful,
and her hearing still looks 25.
I don't see a...
Wrecked him in the pool.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
And that's going to go zooming toward the top, because this audience is big in the...
Wrecked him.
Trust me when I tell you.
So Josh tells me during the break that we're not going to like...
Well, because it is Wednesday, it's the third day back on a full schedule.
We're going for 800 today, okay?
800 votes.
Otherwise, he's out.
That's right, I'm out.
And now what you said?
I'm out.
That's 3.54 in the first hour for Christ's sakes.
We should be able to get 800 with our eyes closed, blindfolded, tied up with our legs
tied together.
We should?
Shouldn't we?
We should.
No sweat.
So let's get on it, okay?
It's about time we kicked some serious ass in this town, get this audience off their
duff, off their duff.
You're fairy.
Oh, this story.
Remember I was telling you about fans?
Something about Fanny Pack, give it a...
Wrecked him.
Remember?
Hi, I forgot what it was about them.
Although I think Joyce's, we can't say Fanny Pack, because it sounds too much like...
Anyway, two FBI agents on there, well, it was about the guy with a Fanny bag that we
hate so much.
That guess that keeps showing up on all your appearances?
Not for a long time.
Bigger than your appearances, by the way, wins your next appearance at some pornographic
strip club or anywhere, for that matter.
None?
No, no, no.
Well, I guess your buddy Fatboy likes you down again.
I was probably sitting back there plotting with Maddie Bell to throw you a little ass
under the train again, under the bus.
Your good post-personal friends.
I tried to tell you who your friends are in that place.
You won't listen to me.
I'm proud.
I am proud of Hank for one thing, more than anything else.
He at least admits.
See, at least he admits.
And I can understand with him, because he gets suspended if he parts the wrong flavor.
He looks at somebody cross-eyed, he gets suspended.
So at least he admits that I'm the one that's always got to be the bad guy.
I have to speak for everybody else, because we got a bunch of cowards basically working
on a radio station.
But when it comes to certain people...
Don't, don't, don't.
Because I'm terrified he's going to beat me up, you know.
I know.
He's going to punch me under those.
He just makes me sick of my son, I get.
I've just given up any hope that there...
See, I keep, you know, for four years now, I've said,
oh, I think that there's a part of him that, you know, actually is likeable.
And no, I was wrong.
There's nothing there.
There's just no hope to come back and join the human race and be capable of working
in an environment where you're like co-existing with other human beings.
Just can't do it.
So I just...
Why should I waste my time?
Don't.
I'm too busy trying to get the fart sounds back.
But there's another raspberry for you, Joyce.
You bitch, you idiot.
You clueless bitch.
Two FBI agents on their lunch break in Los Angeles captured a man leds to be the Fanny
Pack Bandit, a bank robber who carried out a nine-month crime spree.
The bandit robbed banks from Manhattan beats the Santa Monica, often carrying off his
hole in a Fanny Pack.
On Saturday, special agents Michael Haas and Steve Morris looked up from their salads
in a Brentwood restaurant to see a man outside a bank of America carrying a bank bag
with red smoke billowing from it, smoked it often comes from exploding pepper spray
lace die packs that banks use to deter robbers.
The man ran his agent's approach but Haas caught him a few blocks later, said FBI spokeswoman
Laura I'm Miller.
The man was carrying 256 bucks in cash, if they were to say.
He was identified as PN...
PN...
PN Peter.
Do you ever see a PN Peter?
I'll tell you.
He identified as Peter Soren Walsky, 45.
Walsky appeared Tuesday before a federal magistrate judge on a single charge of bank robbery
and was held in lieu of 400 grand bail, Raymond said for September 20th.
He said it's still timely this story, even though it was deep in my pile.
And FBI FBI said Walsky confessed to the Brentwood robbery and nine others.
FBI officials said they're interviewing witnesses in those cases before bringing additional
charges.
He was the Fanny Pack robber.
He'd stuff it in his Fanny Pack and money too.
How do you like that?
So there's less and more on your kids out there.
If you want to steal stuff, it's always good to have like a Fanny Pack packet, as opposed
to like when I was in college we used to have our rotsy coats on.
It was big, even in the middle of the summertime.
Oh, handy, lots of pockets.
Right.
To steal stuff like I like toilet, like suntan lotion.
And candy.
No, suntan lotion.
That's what I, one time I stole a thing of suntan lotion, copper tone.
I have no idea why because I never used it.
But it was just, you know, when you're in college you do stuff.
You do a lot of crap.
Do you?
You stole some suntan, yeah, to bed.
Don't like it?
Your mama.
Just like I told you about the 80 bucks I found on the ground that time outside my front
door here.
Oh my god.
And I stuffed it in my pocket.
Who would know who it was?
80 bucks.
I can lose that in 25 seconds.
It would bind with those 80 bucks for crying a lot.
Cheap Canadian currency.
Who needs that?
Although it is up to almost 85 cents getting really bad.
The American dollars go to hell.
You got this BDI.
It's not just BDI.
He, you're right about his eyes.
That's the background.
That John Roberts man.
This guy you can see it in his eyes in his face.
He is the devil.
I bet you, in fact, you know what movie I saw again the other night which was very bad.
But the first one was a lot better.
Omen too with Bill Holden.
Okay.
And Lee Remick.
Wasn't Lee Remick in that?
I don't even know.
I don't even know about Omen too.
Have I got hurt?
I mean, I saw it 100 years ago, but I don't remember who he said it.
At any rate, he had, now I don't think they ever looked in this in this movie on the head
where he had the 666.
I don't recall if he seemed where they did that.
Damien.
And of course in the end, Damien, because I'm sure there was an Omen 3, wasn't he?
Yeah, there was.
Because he's still alive at the end of the movie.
Bill Holden ain't doing too good.
In fact, I think he was holding that booze bottle in his hand that was going to him.
What a great actor he was.
Too bad he wasn't such a horrible movie, but I'm sure it wasn't the only one.
William Holden won my all-time favorite.
It's just a great, great actor.
Oh, at the end of the show, I see I'm starting to find, I don't know, everything's out
of order here, but that's good.
It's disjointed.
It was all over the place.
The way Little Tommy likes to show all over the place.
Lee Remick.
Back I've got to come to your house, Tommy.
I'm going to dump all over the place.
It was Lee Grant.
Wouldn't I say Lee Remick?
Yeah.
It was Lee Grant.
Yeah, Lee.
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
And just until until this time, I thought it was to tag you all along.
Hours after, hours after many New York firefighters gathered to mark the fourth anniversary
of the 9-11 terrorists attack Sunday, a firefighter was arrested for attacking an immigrant worker
and telling him he looked like he's Al Qaeda.
Police said, this is the story I was going to use at the end of the show yesterday, but
I ran out of time after that bit about the terrorists living next to you.
Firefighter Edward Davie was arrested Sunday afternoon on charges of criminal mischief
and felony secondary assault, police charge and Kevin Ferrell said.
It hadn't yet been determined whether the charges were re-upcreated or a hate crime.
In fact, most of the crimes in South Florida ought to be a hate crime because everybody hates
anybody anyway, right?
Yeah, hate crime.
Daily 20s.
In fact, let's take a look at the pool.
They all suck.
How's that doing on the pool?
They all suck.
Oh, yeah.
14 votes.
They all suck.
All the sounds we got.
Oh.
They all suck.
All right.
Daily 27 is accused of breaking a piece of plastic glass off a curbside newsstand and
showing that a 51-year-old man who works there, Ferrell said.
Daily had said the man, an immigrant from Bangladesh looked like he's Al Qaeda, Ferrell
said.
It's just the victim whose arm was cut in the alleged attack was treated at a local hospital
later at release, Ferrell said.
A woman who answered the phone at Daily some declined to comment.
Daily was the class valedictorian at his FDNY graduation ceremony last year.
Isn't that great?
That's great.
New York firefighter.
Wow, there's always one.
You know, love very courageous, wonderful New York firefighters.
And a lot of dead ones too because they weren't getting any messages from the New York
police back in 9-11.
The fact that they weren't communicating.
What a disgrace.
You know, it's just an ego thing.
Well, we're going to show you.
We don't need to talk to you because that whole kind of mentality.
Okay, let's get with it and take about four or five thousand calls between now and two
we're going to have at least 800 votes on the poll.
I'm sure we've got like 400 right now without even looking at it.
Like I said, 375.
We're going to make the, I would say what do we need?
550 by noon.
Okay.
What would you say?
That's okay.
Right.
To be on the safe side.
Well, we better get with it.
We've got 378 is what I see on here now.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
That's all kind of mentality.
Q-I-M.
You're fortunate lotion in the basket.
Oh, yeah.
That would be a good one to be on here.
Q-I-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
I'm good.
I heard about four years, George.
We got it.
I've worked for the lotion in the basket.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm so sorry.
George, you're doing well.
Okay.
You're all mixed up with your power and everything.
Yeah.
I heard on the NPR yesterday, I'm not sure if it's correct, but I think he said that to build
up those levies, customer, about 14 million, and that's about the same amount of spelling
right now in Iraq per day.
Right.
14 million.
That's correct.
That's unbelievable.
How did they have to put it?
They had to put it in the basket.
They had to put it in the basket.
George, you had 14 billion in the EU.
They turned them down, and we're spending that every day in Iraq.
That's correct.
It's unbelievable.
I'm checking out, dude.
I'm going back to Holland too later.
Good luck to you, pal.
Tell me what you're doing.
Toad scenes.
Go for it.
You say yogurt?
He's something like that.
That's that dust stuff.
I can understand why the Germans have all that.
And then also the Jews, because we eat all of that dairy, you know.
All of those cheese blinces, stuff like that.
And the Germans are...
And all of the Germans believe a lot of dairy.
They mostly meat.
They're beginning to flesh.
You know, bratwurst, buckwurst, knockwurst, sour, rotten.
And what's the other thing that that will be nourished in itself?
They look like they're venerous schnitzel.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.I.C., that threw me off that thing with my pile.
It's one of those deals where right off the bat.
So probably you can be writing a column about that tomorrow about how disorganized I am and how this is what happens when you sit and read a bunch of newspaper stories for four hours every day.
Disorganized and just don't know how to do a show anymore.
And you know what, Tom?
The checks are still fantastic.
And they're actually showing up on time.
How do you like that little Tommy?
I wonder how much Tommy's put in the way every two weeks, huh?
Oh, really, really sad.
I just don't get it, you know.
I'd like to be able to, you know, maybe I can get that job on the side, you know, just write a puff face about some stupid as TV show.
Even very jackass has like the little et cetera notes underneath his columns, but that requires a little bit too much work as my friend Rick Casper would say.
11.30 Q.A.M., if you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that is fast, one that's reliable, one that's easy to use.
In short, you want the best.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America, Comcast, high speed internet.
It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light.
You can download music, photos, streaming, video online games faster than ever before.
Simply put Comcast, high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience going.
And with features like the fan, video email, security manager and radio plus it's even more intense than ever before.
And right now you can get yourself the Comcast high speed internet for just 9.95 a month for the first two months.
Call 1-800 Comcast and get you the number one high speed internet service in the country today.
Certain restrictions apply call for details toll free 1-800 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Pointing.
Absolutely.
Yes.
Push it north, the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stubbs the people in the Amsterdam like cattle.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
He's up funding for their levies.
Looters called Zing and R.G.
In a loopa we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway.
The one white girl we trained to late.
I'd even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Brown.
Girls on wild needs.
The city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film through the Florida.
Disaster, it can happen in a bit of a few attempts.
So you can be prepared for floods, tornadoes, or even a quake.
You gotta be ready so your heart don't break.
Disaster print is your responsibility.
The obligation is important to our agency.
People helping people use what we do.
And FEMA helps you through when disaster strikes.
We are at our best, but we're ready all the time.
Because the doctors don't rest.
All right.
Thanks for real.
Thanks, folks.
And that's the FEMA rant from the National FEMA website.
Yo, yo, yo.
Isn't that a grade?
Wonderful.
They are really talented.
And they're doing that.
They're kicking an ancient style is what they're doing.
And they're doing it just for the aesthetic.
Monica says, I vote for...
Oh!
And you definitely want the Farts back.
Well, thanks for your vote, Monica.
We got 10 chances to get in the Farts back.
That's a raspberry for Joyce again.
In fact, let's just give her like a whole bucketful of raspberries.
There's another one.
Bitch.
No, I don't blame her.
I blame the fact that we got such a weak need management, ma'am.
Such a bunch of cowards.
And of course, what happens is you back yourself into a corner
when you put a bunch of pottymouth crap on the uniform's place
like Scott Farrell and then you put the stern sure one there.
Which is guaranteed to get you fined to the guaranteed.
You can abate your life on it.
And then all of a sudden you start getting real nervous and peeing in your pants.
And you like back in it.
And then you can't do anything anymore.
No more.
Well, we still have that.
And of course, some people in the industry who write a lot of crap,
I don't want to mention Tom again, they ought to understand that.
They were like trying to do a show with our arms and legs tied behind our back
with a foot up our...
Right, don't mean us.
But that's okay, little Tommy.
You keep traction.
Just spell the name right.
You turn coat.
You're quizzling.
You're fairy.
What's your favorite sound or trumpet on the old show is our pool question
that Monica was responding to.
Farts sounds are leading 70 people on them back.
And let's give Joyce another raspberry for not letting us play the fart sounds.
About 30, man, it's got 60.
I'm not going to play the...
About 30, man.
I'm dying over here 42.
You're fairy.
You're fairy.
That's become extremely popular.
38 for...
Oh, right.
24.
Oh, do you know that clearest called me on Friday or last Thursday?
Okay.
Asked my permission for playing some mad dog drop and they played during the adult and pre-gainting
on Sunday for one of the bits of mad dog sings.
How do you like that?
Called me to ask my permission.
Well, I said, sure, clearest, whatever you want.
You're quizzling, you...
You're fairy.
They all suck 15.
They all suck.
Everybody sucks.
Baaah!
There's the stuff Florida hate no matter what the pool question is.
They all suck.
It all...
Everything sucks.
In fact, if he wants to that movie again, Team America, world police.
Tube has 12.
Everybody loves the old...
You speaking of that.
Geldi's week 10, oy 9, Geldi's shack 8, unbelievable 7, the dice...
6.
The Buffalo Bill has got 5, but Larry King's only got...
No, 4.
I had no life 3, Rox Salad, 3 for Rox Salad.
That lead to spot, he's the Rox Salad.
He's so far over the top.
I mean, he's getting so carried away with him.
He's a Rox Salad, Rocky.
Just don't even do anything else.
Just keep saying that.
Rox Salad.
Rox Salad.
Wow.
Just becoming a lunatic with that.
He probably when he's shaving in the morning, looking in the mirror, he's a Rox Salad.
He's just a nut job.
But then again, nobody's up that hour in the morning and we hear him.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Buffalo Bill's got a pair.
Drusey with his...
No!
He's got a pair, but let's hope we never see him.
Pissed in order to absolutely buy the Mollmeister.
Absolutely.
So we only got two.
That's one of my favorites.
Rectum.
Rectum.
Only one.
Only one rectum.
Tinky winky.
See, I really don't know how you say it.
You.
He's got one.
No, that's not how you say it.
Well, goofy laugh one.
That's this laugh.
And look at that.
Michael wanted to vote for that.
Nobody else goes.
Though, and certainly nobody wants to vote for it.
413 votes.
Our golden age is 45,000.
Okay.
If we don't get 45,000 votes, we're going to come to your house and vote for you.
And we're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
We're going to come to your house and see if you can see it.
The first homicide charge is connected to the Hurricane Katrina disaster.
Very, very weak in the LA Times, no less.
Well, I've had these newspaper people.
Also, State Attorney General Charles Faudi Jr., the owners of St. Rita's Nursing Home in St. Bernard Parish have been charged with 34 counts of negligence homicide after 34 residents died during the intense flooding caused by the storm.
You see, here's the deal.
When they say that there's plenty of land to go around, they're absolutely right.
Because the local, the city, the state officials, and of course FEMA, and the federal government, and you're obnoxious president who now finally says for political reasons,
oh, I take responsibility right as if anybody's going to buy that.
This is the same guy who says, oh, something went wrong.
What was that?
You're doing a heck of a job, Brownie.
But now they try to do not damage control as far as the hurricane is concerned.
They're trying to do political damage control is what they're trying.
Not going to work, not working a little bit, except for quizzlings like Jeff Greenfield and Wolf Hoost Creek.
Oh, yeah, just like JFK after the Bay of Pigs.
Right.
Prosecutors investigate reports that the facility St. Rita's nursing home at the staff led the premises, leaving behind mostly elderly patients, some trapped in their beds.
What about those spineless cowards?
Don't charge them.
They shoot them.
Huh?
Yeah, owners of the nursing home were asked if they wanted to move to the patients.
They did not.
They were warned repeatedly that the storm was coming.
In effect, they were inaction resulted in the deaths of these patients,
though he said it in an actionally televised news conference.
Mabel Mangano, owner administrator of the nursing home and Salvador Mangano,
co-owner, surrendered and were jailed, and ought to be shot.
Just like the people there to die.
Save their own ass.
And of course, but like I said, it's part of the lack of planning in the first place,
because if there had been a coordinated detailed plan of evacuation,
they had Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, they had three days to do it.
And the first people that should have been taken out were the people that needed like,
you know, serious care in hospitals and people in the nursing homes.
They should have been the first people to be getting out.
And you'll notice by the way, speaking of the people with a big bucks getting out real fast,
that those old anti-bellum mansions that are built on higher ground,
they're still in real great shape.
Yeah.
You see that?
Mm-hmm.
They're still doing just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
So it goes to the show like they always say to rich care richer,
and the poor just keep making babies.
What's going on?
It's going to be about an hour or so of goes.
Now, a little bit more than an hour and a half ago.
Oh, and Eric, here's what John Bolton tuna.
That mustache doesn't have to, you just look at John Roberts' eyes and John Bolton's mustache.
And George Bush is, that's all you need to know.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 5.59 AF.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Coming up tonight, I'm inside and behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
It's time to place 6 degrees of Scientology, and we started all off with Oingo Boingo.
Oh, okay.
Oingo Boingo was co-founded by Danny Ellsman.
John Lacks' initiative is a reporter for the magazine, Entertainment Minimly.
Danny Ellsman went on to a big career writing soundtracks like Batman and Dolores Clayborn.
Dolores Clayborn starred Jennifer Jason Lay, who co-starred with Bridget Fonda in single white female.
Bridget Fonda is now married to Danny Ellsman, who is related by marriage to Jenna Ellsman,
star of the Sucky TV show, Dharma and Greg.
Jenna married Danny Ellsman's nephew, Bodey Ellsman, and converted to Scientology for him.
Voila!
The really amazing thing is that even Scientology couldn't stop Dharma and Greg from sucking.
That's true. But who now is Bodey Ellsman?
Good question. He's had a lot of bitfarts and movies, but so far, Scientology really hasn't done crap for his career.
In fact, I'll bet a lot of people think that if they become a Scientologist, they'll become as famous as John Travolta as Fat as Cursey Ali or as Closet as Tom Cruise.
The reality is, most Scientologists are anonymous losers, just like the rest of us.
On your boy-go, they were not Scientologists. Yet, they were famous. Go figure.
It's a big, juicy, soft and lit look at your business. Tonight, on Inside the Bahrain.
Well, if they weren't Scientologists, maybe they weren't gay.
It's 28-to-lune at 560 W.D. Creme. Nick in Bokas says, what about...
He died?
...from Pansso for the drop-ins, huh?
All right.
That's how I already played once this morning. Who was that about it? It was about your buddy Bob Denver.
Yes, he did.
450 votes. You got a very shabby shot at 550 by noon if we're going to get to that 800 or else Josh just retires.
We're all going to retire. We're just not coming back tomorrow.
How do you like that?
We're going on strike till we get our first phones back.
Yeah, come and have a fart in.
450, that's pretty weak if you ask me. What do we do the first hour? We did something or other, almost 380.
Pretty weak. You see how they slack off? That's why Josh needs to keep beating these people over the head.
Don't forget we got the Marlins in the Astros. This is the third game of a four-game series.
So in other words, Marlins, if they could win today, they'd cleanse the series.
But that really gets like one game at a time right now.
Once you get into this time of the year, right?
Yes.
It's not a question of who wins the series. It's better way to fall.
Get away from them.
Right, exactly. They're like push Houston out of the race for the wild card.
And then have to worry about Philadelphia.
The thing with Philadelphia, though, is that they got to finish that series with Atlanta.
So at least they're playing like a real team as opposed to a girls team, like that often played on Sunday.
I still can't get over that Jake Deplummer.
And people try to talk themselves into believing the dolphins are going to be like a dynasty.
They're going to be great the next seven years.
And speaking of the next seven years, how about that they want that in Pittsburgh?
Is he doing it or what?
Right there.
They want that error right over there.
The Panthers are the pits in Pittsburgh, man.
He is picking up right where he left off with the dolphins.
They want that. What a piece of dirt he is.
Fumerless piece of crap.
Let's see. Oh, now look at this.
Todd says the guy.
Yeah, it goes to share with this audience knows the guy that says Jesus Christ.
Now, how can you not know that that's Moe?
Okay.
But I said Tori and tells his Jesus Christ.
Yeah, I mean, you can put that on there if you want.
You want to see Jesus Christ.
But how could Todd get away the Todd?
You better start listening.
I only do only words. He knows that.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He even knows Moe never, never say.
He knows who that is.
He was referring to the hurricane and he goes,
Heracune Katrina.
I thought that might make you laugh a little bit.
A little bit.
It's big nail.
It's big enough about the program.
Yeah, a little bit.
Not a lot.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60,
any Verizon singer, do you believe that?
No.
Somebody Q I am, hello.
Hey, no.
Yes sir.
I don't really miss the five noises,
but I do miss those Jewish queen noises.
Somebody Q I am, hello.
I love you, bitch.
You're smart.
You're more.
Yeah, that's one of my favorites too.
How come Moe didn't put that on there?
Because I forgot about it on there, though.
The one that goes.
You bitch.
You splat.
You're more.
And speaking of Joyce, see that must be who we're thinking of.
Not that I want to put words in his mouth.
Somebody Q I am, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I'm doing pretty good considering.
Listen.
We have a few questions.
We have to figure that Bush's cash cow and his Mona Lisa is this war.
As soon as somebody told him we're not going to be prepared for the next pair attack,
then all of a sudden he starts to take responsibility because as long as you mention this war.
No, no, you're wrong.
You know what they told him when he started taking responsibility as approval rating was down to 38%.
That's when he decided, hey, you better make a speech and you better start taking a blame because you're dropping like a rock.
I almost thought we were living in freedom until I got passed the headline.
Yeah.
He's a clown and we need to get rid of him with that.
Oh, he's not a clown.
He's a dangerous dumb boy is what he is.
You know, dangerous clowns.
Towns at least there are sometimes amusing except for John Wayne Gacy.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of that apology, your buddy Doug Thompson who writes the rant in capital hill blue dot com.
The day health rose over speaking of Bush's big apology yesterday that we're all supposed to be so impressed by.
Seriously, Jeff Greenfield, you're an imbecile man.
You belong right on here on CNN.
A real, you know, it doesn't want to say anything.
You know, there's enough too far to the left, not too far to the right.
You know, Martin Rock to both.
Just filling up a lot of time, you know, while Wolf Blitzkrieg is clicking his name, hit boots together.
Card carrying Nazi Wolf Blitzkrieg, man, somebody should break his knees.
A lot of knees that need to be broken, you know what?
And he's one of them.
Drag his ass right off that chair.
Fill them over right there on CNN right now.
Greenfield.
Yeah, see him too.
The day health rose over Doug Thompson writes, he says that I missed a cataclysmic event that rocked the heavens,
it rocked it, rock solid.
Did Christ be appear in walk on water, did helle freeze over, or maybe aliens landed on the mall in Washington?
Something must have happened to shift the earth out of its orbit because George W. Bush accepted blame for something.
That's right.
President Bush, America's weapon of mass deflection, the man who never ever admits wrong, went in front of the cameras and said the government's slow response to the dead and dying from Hurricane Katrina,
was his responsibility.
Surely the moon has fallen out of orbit, will crash into the earth.
Sonamis will rise and drown the East Coast and West Coast earthquakes will turn Arizona into beachfront property.
Jesus himself will appear on Larry King's life and proclaim W. Is and has been his boy.
Something must have happened to change the world overnight.
Bush doesn't admit mistakes because obviously he never makes them.
Just ask the babbling minions who follow his every word and sing praises about his non-existent accomplishments.
Excuse me while I sit down. This is too much to take at once.
If Bush get him in a mistake then God knows what else may happen in this great world.
Oil companies may admit the price got price gouging and drop the price of a gallon of regular to 50 cents a gallon.
O.J. Simpson will many off his wife and offer to shoot himself on national television pay per view of course.
Democrats and Republicans will recognize that America not party comes first.
Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson will admit they really are in their religion gigs for the money and that's checking up with groupies ain't that bad either.
Bill Clinton will admit botting Monica Lewinsky because it was better sex than he ever got from Hillary.
Time to label fine God quick time was and about his life to creating a 12 step program for crooked politicians.
Fox News will cease broadcasting and pay a fine for masquerading his journalism.
Rush Limbaugh will develop permanent laryngitis and return from broadcasting.
Al Franken will go back just to being a bad stand up comic.
Bill O'Ridey will admit to being a phone sex freak and check himself into rehab permanently.
NBC and CBS will jointly announce a moratorium on spin-offs of either law and order and CSI.
Carl Rove will admit he outed covert CIA operator Valerie Plain, resigned from his job as president Bush's political adviser and swear never to advise another politician again.
And George W. Bush will admit he admitted a mistake because Carl Rove told him it was the only chance he elected the reverse's plummeting job approval ratings.
Okay, so maybe I'm hallucinating but if George W. Bush admit a mistake, anything can happen in this world.
Anything.
How do you like that?
This guy's good.
He does the right those real long ponderous articles that some people get really upset when I start reading those long ponderous meandering and fumbling and bumming because you have to read them real quick.
I was saying what he says.
That kid's some ball-headed people really pissed off.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-M.
Your favorite female force him is back on HBO with a sexy new show in a sexy new city.
Bad Dad.
It's Sex in the SUNY with Carrie.
I slaughter the entire Northern Alliance for the Spiro Wing's perk.
Miranda.
Just when I thought I met Mr. Wright, he blow himself up.
Charlotte.
I think my new boyfriend, Osama, has been hiding on me.
And sexy Samantha.
Those studs that Abu Ghraib could put me in a naked pyramid anytime.
Sex in the SUNY.
The most explosive comedy of the year.
There goes another one. Too bad he was cute.
Yes Samantha, like you need another man.
Tell me about it.
My love life is like a camel, Sampeed.
It's one hump after another.
Sex and the SUNY on HBO right after curb your militant Islamic enthusiasm.
Chronic will, Faxes, says.
He knows we can't play.
He's a whole by Drew.
We're not putting stuff on that we can't play no more.
Except of course the fart noises that they want back.
But he also suggests.
Grammy.
Got it.
And then he says, Jennifer question mark.
Then he knows Jennifer.
Who is that?
That's Emma Marie.
Oh is that Anna Marie?
Sure.
Oh my god.
The one that George was doing.
Yeah.
And then Will has got a bunch of other stuff here about John Broke said this.
And this one said that.
And oil and wetlands, etc.
Thanks Will but the Gidolai.
So you want to put that on there?
Grammy.
Got it.
That or not.
No.
No.
I mean.
Oh.
History.
Okay.
Yeah that's true.
In this ancient history we're trying to forget about it.
Okay.
Will so nice drive but the Gidolai.
Find a hobby.
Take up a hobby.
Besides Fax and us.
470 votes.
That's pretty lame if you ask me.
We're not going to get to 0550 by noon.
And so the, or 478.
So the idea that we're going to get to 800 by 2 o'clock.
It's going to be a real battle today.
This isn't just an exercise to have fun with the audience.
This is like life and death.
This is one of my chores that I feel obligated to do this all the time on the show.
Every now and then you have to nudge these people, especially in South Florida where it's 180 degrees in the shade.
It's going to be like about 90 today.
Right?
No rain.
Sunshine.
Right.
Sunshine and here today.
Although it's going to be a rain in this afternoon.
Not bad.
Oh well.
In fact today's the only rain day we're going to have like in a long time.
I have a 29.
What's 29?
27 right now.
It's 79.
So like I heard 83.
But tomorrow it's going to start being like 24, 22, 75, 72, 73.
Just perfect man.
And this in October is going to be above normal temperatures with almost no rain.
Here in Toronto.
Not there.
I just, I don't want to rub it in.
Oh, I'm speaking of here or not there.
If I wanted to go to Woodbine right now and lose my ass I could do that.
Or if I wanted to go like to any of the racetracks.
Just very flamburo.
If I wanted to go to Niagara Falls.
We got casinos all over the place.
But in Florida and I asked about this yesterday and lo and behold here in the Sun
Sentles got the article about it.
They're still working very slowly, very slowly.
You're pond-risk like the tortoise in the heredir, you know.
Only more like Bokobryon, no hair.
Oh yeah, here's one.
The gargler.
Well, the gargler or...
That's not the gargler.
I think the gargler was not a drop-in, okay.
Although he was very good couple days ago, made promo.
But you can put that one on there.
Rocco says, the old lady who says, who the hell are you?
Which to be honest with you, I don't even know if I...
How am I here?
Yeah, there it is.
Thank you.
The essence of South Florida.
Absolutely right, Rocco.
That's what South Florida is all about.
Who the hell are you?
What do you want?
Like that.
That's one of the many reasons it's so great not to be there.
But the preacher who says, oh, he's not a...
Not a preacher, he's just a right-to-life guy.
Now, what the hell is that under?
Is that under feces?
Abortion feces.
Is that under abortion feces?
Yeah.
Now, watch yourself.
What?
Everybody who's for abortion was at one time themselves at feces.
So...
And that's enclosed all of you out there.
You were once a feces.
So we thank you, Mr. President.
And now, dinner will be served.
Right, dinner will be served.
That's time to feed us is what he's trying to say.
Oh, I'm bad.
Oh, that's not a drop-in, but at least it inspired us to play it again.
Be sure and watch the team America, world police.
I'm sure most of these people have seen it.
It's great.
The war in them though, they have to have a sense of humor.
Well, if you're going to watch something that's done by the South Park guys,
why would you watch it if you don't have a sense of humor?
Not a lot of people know that.
First of all, and...
Not a lot of people know what.
That it's from South Park that it's made by...
Oh, I just got to tell them that.
But you know, Parker and Matt Stone, who are the creators of South Park,
and who...
Most people didn't get it.
It's a lot of humorless people did not get it.
They thought it was gratuitously gross and this and that.
And they just...it went over their heads.
Get out of here.
It was fantastic.
Yeah.
And weren't you telling me that our close personal friend Phil Henry did the voice of the computer on there?
Are you sure?
Did you tell me that?
Yes.
Well, he was...
Yeah, he was Mr. Intelligence.
The voice.
Sorry.
Well, he used to be Mr. Intelligence, but now...
Okay.
Yeah, he's something else.
Now, House and the Senate and Calahassia are near a compromise on regulating South Florida's slot machines.
But not close enough to call a special session on the issue,
the House Business Regulation Committee Chair said, yes, third day.
The main sticking points are the tax rate on slot machine profits.
And whether the machines will be traditionalized, biggest-doubts slots or the machines now found in Florida's Indian Casinos A.K.A.
Erzots.
Make believe.
Nobody was voting on Make Believe slots.
Erzots.
While Brad County's High Life Fronton and Horse & Dog Tracks are anxious to see a law passed,
represented to Frank Atkinson said he doesn't want to rush the issue.
Oh, sure.
Why rush into what we're only losing?
How much every day?
Millions?
I mean, why do we need that money for education and important stuff when we can go...
And he still got this picture.
Every time they run a story about this, they have a picture of people playing wheel of fortune.
Sockers.
I feel no compulsion to post this into a special session he said is his committee heard an update on slot proposals.
A constitution we know about this, the legislature failed a reaching agreement during its regular session in the spring,
and a judge ruled that was Judge Moe earlier this summer that Proud Permtuals could start bringing in slots
because of the failure of the legislature because they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Despite the court decision, the industry has promised not to begin operating the machines until the legislature passes the bill.
As long as they don't drag it out too long.
Never say never because you don't know when the legislature may or may not act as Jim Horn and advocate for the Permtuals.
We're doing nothing right now, nobody's ordering machines.
But it's a good machine, man.
Also yesterday, fat ass governor Jeff Bush joined Broward State Attorney Michael Sats in appealing circuit judge Lee Roy Moe's decision
that the county's four Permtual facilities could install slot machines.
Bush argued that only the legislature can set the rules for slots, and it's an concern the ruling could affect the negotiations the state has within the interest.
But the state has been in the same position as the state's four Permtuals.
The state has been in the same position as the state's four Permtuals.
The state has been in the same position as the state's four Permtuals.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
The state has been in the same position as the state has within the interest of the state.
I mean, class three machines like Vegas and Atlantic City and Woodbine has real slot machines, not the class two machines that the house wants.
Those machines are already in casinos run by the Seminole and Micah Sookie tribes.
They look like slots, but they're based in the game of bingo and players play against each other rather than the machine itself.
Airsoft slots.
There's a million dollars a day being left on the table minimum horn who previously served as education commissioner said after the meeting.
We'd like to start having that cash register ring for the schools.
Think of the amount of teachers that would pay for a million dollars a day being left on the tables.
While your legislature and your fat ass governor continue stalling and stalling and drag in their feet.
Just like Greg Reed was doing with Joe Rose all the time.
Stalling and stalling and putting him off and suspending him and playing games.
While he was busy, he was signing up for the Howard Stern show.
That's another new Howard or his show what it has to do with his the market.
There were some of us who told them, you people must be crazy.
You must be doing a John Henry, okay?
You must be losing your mind in this marketplace putting that on the air.
Sitting there with Duffville with his 18 dump button.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah, nice work, Greg.
Oh, and they were intrigued by the idea.
Let me say it again.
Anytime you read when somebody says they're intrigued by an idea.
Just like the people over the ticket were intrigued by the idea of team and Timmy Cifalus and Joe Rose on the dolphin broadcast.
You know it's a bad idea.
Missed too much mystery and intrigue.
You know what I'm saying?
Not enough professional broadcasting, not enough common sense, not enough intelligence, but too much mystery and intrigue.
Oh, let's do it with this.
Let's do it with that.
Yeah, too much dittle in going on.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said.
Just like that dog that was pumping a guy's leg in that movie, that awful movie garden of state.
Apparently that was the highlight of the movie.
It was exactly right.
That was the highlight of the movie for him anyway, although he was doing that early portman, which couldn't have been all that bad.
Yeah, we didn't see that.
It's a bad movie.
I'm mentioning yesterday, I'm warning you, I'm going to save you a lot of time.
Don't watch garden states.
Got four stars.
2004 came out.
It sucks.
It is just absolutely ponderous.
Just doesn't go anywhere.
Just, uh, yeah, yeah, if you're bored with it, then you want to kill some good time.
That's great.
Perfect for you.
Or if you like watching a guy getting a hump, uh, his leg hump by a dog.
I don't need to see if that does it for you.
56670560, or you can watch Mary and that's doing it.
Yeah.
In Team America, world police.
They're doing it.
In fact, they do it all.
They do positions that nobody else has discovered yet, even the Cleveland steamer.
Yeah.
And then of course, so when she does that Lincoln law routine, deputy QAAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know how to do a doc show.
Oh, yeah, Larry.
Oh, you know something.
This guy, this guy was good because we've left off all the Larry's, right?
I'm out of to a talk show.
That one and how many $50 that.
Don't be $50.
Right.
Those two, I think are definitely, uh, I'm out of to a talk show.
Right.
That one and.
Don't be $50.
And what about me so horny?
Is not bad or I don't have a bone spot.
Or that is great radio.
Right.
Or what word did you say?
That's Joyce's favorite.
What word did you say?
That's bitch.
Or.
What's your question?
Or like what most people asked for the money back, they'll hurry ripped them off years ago.
And Miami and he said, I will I give it to you.
That's one of my favorites too.
Hey, Larry, snap those suspenders one more time.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QAAM.
This is at a Homeland Security Tom Ridge, inviting you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
You're fair.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yeah, that's when things were great.
When thing was present then, okay, it was in a sense.
But we could still see friends and give us an admit.
It's barely at an internet.
And there was no spam yet.
Never heard about being Latin.
Watch here, it was over in the black.
We still care about Madonna.
And not about to be good guys.
And all that great music.
Yeah, you could take your pick.
Like it was set from God no cell phone.
No ring so no.
I'd call this play though.
Issues or hooting.
That brand new ones of cutie there with a land.
It's more than, in Julius Whit from L.A.
It's a function.
We're smashing the Beatles' traffic cash in.
But nothing went to the right since 1990.
1990, but it's...
1990, but it's...
You know where Riot and Whitney are.
They beat the pants up, Whitney.
We still had some teasers.
But also there was Wizard and we had Sophie.
We hockin' yeah she was good for talkin'.
I wonder if she survived that.
1990, 1995.
No.
Provo 105, 60, WQM.
We got the Molmeister with two.
We got Mad Dog with four.
No you don't.
What's that all about?
I don't know how many Mad Dog's on vacation.
I thought we had a pristine schedule going on.
But today and tomorrow you got Gully.
At the four o'clock.
Which fits right in with what Mike and Melbourne fact is.
And he says, what about the Gully's slap?
See I don't have that.
You got it with a slide part, huh?
You had them all but you dubbed the...
Outland.
See I haven't went out to slap.
Gully's slap.
That's a good one Mike.
Let's put that right on here.
Let's slap him around a little bit.
Gully be on it for her cane hotline at seven.
Why is that on again?
It's on every night at seven.
What would you do?
That's all about.
The killer half an hour I guess.
I mean they don't want to even bring in Jesse Agri for half an hour.
So they're gonna have like probably Joseph Gackie and the Beast in there.
Wow.
Make sure that nobody listens to the ballgame.
Marlins on Deck at seven thirty.
Third game in that series of the Astros,
which the Marlins kicked ass the first two.
Marlins on Houston 805, fellow buddy, Eddie Capon gambling show.
Hurricane hotline.
Today, tomorrow, please don't tell me that's on again.
But that's right, the Marlins are homes that they played at seven thirty five on Friday.
So we don't have that half hour to kill.
Here's one that ought to be on there.
That's the American way.
Right.
We don't have to like bleep it on the website.
The American bleep it away.
Right.
It says it all says this fact you and you happen to be.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah.
So there's everything you need to know, especially these days.
And many people out here at me.
Yeah.
Nice, Joe.
There's Joe.
He's Biden this time.
He wants to be president, which quite frankly, you know, compared to what we got,
would be sensational.
But he just, he disappoints me.
He's like another wopper, you know.
Another equivocator all over the place.
But it would be, but it would be, but it would be, yeah, just like the other guy.
Scary, caring.
Oh, and didn't I mention Robert Blake before it's my second powers again.
When's the last time we mentioned Robert Blake on a short long time ago, right?
I don't know.
We were talking about the rascals.
Long time ago, I mentioned, well, why?
The other half.
Seriously.
Yeah.
We haven't been talking about Robert Blake.
And I mentioned him earlier, I don't remember what context.
And here's the story.
Robert Blake's slain wife here.
Somebody wanted to kill her.
The actor's handyman testified in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the woman's family.
She mentioned someone in New Jersey who threatened to kill her.
Earl Paul well testified yesterday.
And he also provided security for Bonnie Lee Bakeley, that redneck trailer trash bitch.
Bakeley was fairly shallow.
We know that.
Caldwell was originally implicated in that case, but charges were dropped before it went to trial.
He emblaque our co-defendants in the wrongful death suit.
Caldwell also testified yesterday that he joined a couple on trip to Arizona month before Bakeley was murdered.
Attorney Eric Dubin, who represents the Bakeley family.
Maybe he was kind of like their Kato Kaelin, you know?
Was he?
He was like a cling on.
Attorney Eric Dubin, who represents the Bakeley family alleged that Caldwell became ill on the trip from the idea of killing Bakeley.
He was like puking his...
From that.
Caldwell, however, said he became dizzy and nauseated after running up a steep rock where Blake and his wife were cuddling in a sleeping bag.
He described that trip as kind of a honeymoon for the couple who had went a few months before after test proved that Blake was the father of Bakeley's baby girl.
Blake and Bake.
Shaken Bake.
He also said he enjoyed Bakeley's company on that trip.
She was fun to be with these days. He didn't mind swimming in the river, being in the jacuzzi or being on a boat.
Probably naked as a jabourde, I would imagine.
Was your assignment to kill Miss Bakeley along that river, Blake's attorney Peter Resell asked Caldwell,
certainly not, he replied.
Absolutely.
Absolutely not.
What he said.
He repeated here.
The law is about life. It's about facts.
There you go. You let him have it, Joe.
Stick it to him and his good dog and pony show you guys are putting on.
And then he'll hold forth for him anyway.
56670560, Tom 566 and he've arrived in a singular wireless line.
So George's assignment tonight is to watch a sleeping with Motown.
With the editing.
I mean, well, what is the story with that?
Hi, I hacked it up. I took it out to the liner notes.
Yeah, I'm baking the liner notes, you know.
And then I put it aside here to forget to stick it back in the briefcase.
Well, stick it in his sack, Josh, before he walks out of that room, make sure he sticks it in his sack.
I don't think that's the DVD, too.
Let me pull it out of the briefcase. Make sure it's still there.
Oh, yeah, wouldn't that be nice?
Come on. I'm not sending the other one.
Okay, everybody's suds will have to bring another one.
If you lose that, I went on.
I had to spend hard or in 20 some bucks to buy me the new one in order to send you the one that suds in to me.
So that you could watch it and you're sitting there every excuse out of the sun.
He just doesn't want to watch it. That's all.
You know, it's Motown. It's all those dark folks.
You don't want to see that stuff.
He wants to go watch M&M pretending to be a dark guy.
That's what he wants to see.
Crap.
I want to see those guys running around in their underwear.
How many QAAM? Hello.
Hey, Neal. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen, thanks for putting that on a slab mo on your website.
Oh, that's a beautiful thing.
Keep your office straight.
247 miles an hour. I bid slab pay.
Really? Oh, yeah.
I haven't come close to that. That's a practice.
And ladies, one other thing.
I might need to be in the fight of proof. Sorry.
Okay.
He's right. He said he's in the middle of eating some fruit.
567.
He's fundamentally different conclusion.
Yeah, I know.
567.0560.0560 in the Verizon and Singular Revis line.
We're under tremendous d'Arrest to take at least 60,000,
70,000 calls every day now,
because we want to really spice up this radio station.
Because we don't want to hear people talking crap about the dolphins going to win a Super Bowl.
And they're boring stuff like that.
If you want to talk about the Marlins winning the pennant or winning the Wild Card anyway
and go to the World Series again, that would be interesting.
Not an issue, of course, but on some stupid sports show.
534, okay?
Now I said 550 around the top of the hour.
We're not that far off.
You know what?
On our March 800.
See, we could have just said 700 again today and that would have been easy.
Because we're building back up toward that thousand goal, you know.
Now that we have to get the audience back after George killed, I mean, after the summer time.
No, no, it takes a while for the model to come back.
Not just because you chased some of them away, but because a lot of people were away for the summertime.
That's a good excuse.
Well, that's not what Greg says.
He said you chased them all away and Maddie Bell says absolutely positively.
And I still am just being here.
And then Fat Boy, of course, would the wholeheartedly agree while he's sniffing you in the back with that big machete that you got away.
How many QA and Hello?
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Now those were the days when they'll put some of the dumb fighting and the Howard Stern will have some sort of spotting contest.
Yeah.
And they've got so bad that they had to end up playing music on.
Right.
You go for a whole 15 minutes segment.
You wouldn't hear Howard or Robin or anything.
All we will be with the music and now we're on the line.
Everybody be so stupid as to put the show on this station in this market.
They had to be crazy.
I told them that, but what do I know?
I know nothing.
Now you have the photo tape.
I don't have to pay those fines.
You have the Buffalo Bill.
No, but you have the Buffalo Bill.
Yes.
Yes.
No, it's not hungry, but it is not.
Okay.
And what about that?
You managed it wrong.
Yes.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Okay.
That's right.
Yeah.
Mad Dog.
Mad Dog's got a lot of them.
We got the all right on there.
Yeah.
I'm looking.
Well, there's different ones here.
Yeah!
And then there is...
Yeah!
Yeah!
And then there's just...
Yeah!
Oh, and what about you, TURD?
That should be on there.
Mad Dog is TURD, huh?
It ought to be, Joyce.
Yeah, not on a Joyce.
Hey, Joyce, you're a TURD, okay?
We can still say that.
Probably tomorrow we'll get a memo.
Oh, you can't say TURD on here.
Joyce just decided she don't like being called a TURD.
That's probably...
I'm going to apologize to every TURD that ever got flushed, okay?
That ever got dropped.
Even the ones floating around in the water in New Orleans, we apologize.
Because Joyce is several...
...notches below that.
And then of course there's always...
You checked out?
Yeah.
But we don't play that for you all.
And then there's...
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
All right, all right!
Oh, and then there's always...
Yeah, I got that brother.
See, we can't even play that!
Oh, God, there's so many mad dog ones.
That son of a bitch is cute.
Yeah.
And then there is...
Wow, that's just stupid thing.
I'm going to start on this thing, and I'm going to wrap out it all year long.
Oh, and of course...
Oh, and the God!
And...
Oh, a run, so...
You're so big.
There's a few more you can put on there.
Because obviously the more we put on it, the more votes you're going to get.
And there's a better chance to all show up again tomorrow with our 800 votes today.
If not too bad.
If not, we're taking the day off tomorrow, okay?
Because we're going to take it personal.
See, one thing I know I don't believe in being thin skinned if you're going to do this for a living.
But I'm going to change my mind about that.
I'm getting tired of taking crap.
People accuse me of giving them crap.
We're the ones that, and especially me, and George, not so much Josh yet,
because he's...
Although Josh, I'm sure, gets a bad mouth all over the building because he's a part of the show.
The art is back yet.
Yeah, oh, guaranteed.
See, one thing that I want to make the audience...
See, we're not joking about this when George says this.
This is true.
Anybody at QAM?
Anybody who either is associated with this show or lets it be known that they like this show
or like any of us associated with this show personally on a personal level, they're the enemy.
Yes.
Anybody that likes Spokobrine, they like Josh, George, me...
They're the enemy.
Now, the interesting part about that is that there are a lot of those people in the building,
so there must be an awful lot of enemies running around.
Yes, there are.
Yeah, thank goodness.
And then, of course, there are those people who hate us like poison,
but they're also the enemy, so they're sleeping with the enemy.
The Dutch government passed open an electronic file on every child and birth as a tool
to spot and protect the trouble of kids in the future.
That sounds like big brother.
Well, they're the ones that started that big brother show anyway.
Did they?
Yes.
Didn't know that?
No, they probably...
It's actually entertaining over there all that.
There's better looking people on over there, and they probably actually do something.
Yeah, a lot.
Beginning January 1st, 2007, all Dutch citizens will be tracked from cradle to grave
in a single database, including health, education, family, and police records.
The health ministry said yesterday, I'll still believe.
As a privacy safeguard, no single person or agency will be able to access all contents of a file,
but organizations can raise red flags and negotiate a question.
Other agencies about problems, ministries, spokesman, and brother said,
you were like, I can't stop thinking about the scene in Team America World Police,
where you see Alec Baldwin on the stage, and there's all these Hollywood stars,
all these activists, and everyone who they superimpose the word, Fag, over Airy,
it's just great.
Yeah, because of the Guild.
What is it?
The Filmmackers Guild.
That's a...
Right.
Filmmackers Guild, Fag.
Yeah, Susan Cermand and Fag.
And I'm at Damon.
That's all he ever says.
I'm at Damon.
The intention is to protect troubled children, Browers, said,
until now schools in place have been unable to communicate with each other
about true-and-see records and criminality, which are often linked.
If you steal something and you go shoplifting at the buying corp, don't go and I know who it is.
Child protection, that's pretty nice department store, by the way, you've been there.
Which one?
Right next to that dam square.
The buying corp.
The child protection services will say, hey, there's a warning flag from the police,
there's another one from school, there's another one from the doctor, Browers said,
something must be going on, it's time to call the parents in for a meeting.
There you go, they don't like probably put like a mark on their like a swastik under forehead, something like that.
Chip.
They had computer chip.
Oh, I thought you said something else.
Judge, thank you, Senator.
That was also when team Americana's forehead.
What I thought you said.
WQAM, hello.
Not there, but QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good one for you.
Yeah.
For the love of Christ, Neil God.
I think that was the talk of God.
Yeah.
They deal, God.
Okay.
Now we could put different versions of that, I don't know if I guess that would be wrong.
Yeah.
Because I don't play the Curtis or the Orlando one.
They deal, God.
I play the Curtis one.
Yeah.
Since Orlando, well, that's Orlando, since he abandoned us for his boyfriend, I mean, but that
would have been original one.
But you know, what was it?
Orlando, he was the one.
Orlando was the original one.
I remember that remote we did where he was like dropping stuff in his lap and I kept trying
to grab it.
But it didn't work out.
551 votes on there.
We're trying to get to 800 today, which ought to be a piece of cake if we have like a bunch
of people listening out there, but we don't anymore because the show that's faceted is on
the sliced legs.
That's what little Tommy says, even though he's listed right now as opposed to Rush Limbaugh,
did he write an article about how we just buried Rush in that spring book?
Did he write about that?
No.
Too busy getting wind and dying out there on a West Coast to write about anything local.
See, this business is, you know, he can rip me, but you can rip me all you want.
I don't care, but I'm going to like respond because you're just lazy, Tom.
You don't write anything about what's going on in a marketplace.
Your articles are generic.
Your columns are all generic.
They could be in Buffalo.
They could be in Springfield, Mass, Springfield, Illinois.
They could be in Ischbiving, Ipsilanti, Michigan.
They could be anywhere in Portage, Michigan.
Anyplace, any newspaper, any rag, any fish wrapper, they mean nothing.
The people would like to know something about what's happening locally, you know, like
his Bob Hamilton finally going to get his ass candid magic so that guy will call us in
again today and say, oh, I only wish from your amount to God's ears to Rick Shaw's ears.
How come Rick Shaw's not the PD of that station?
He knows his oldie moldies.
He's got that oldie moldy cap.
I say Rick Shaw for PD.
I say Rick Shaw for PD of this station.
He's like, just play the fart sound.
He knows his shock radio.
I wish I had that drop in here, or he says it's just shocking.
We don't have that, do we?
No.
I've been looking through the cards lately, you know, the only Ricky stuff we got is...
It's alive.
I am not, I'm not safe.
And...
I'm tickled at death at Rick and son all in the afternoon.
They sound great.
I think they found their mixture and God's rest.
Oh, yeah.
How come I'm like so far beyond the break?
It's 1260 now.
I'm a rambling guy today, you know.
Too much fun.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
I'm just so inspired over the fact that Hank finally admitted that I'm the guy that has
to do everybody else's dirty work.
At least he's honest about it, okay?
And like I said, I can understand with him because if he opens up a mouth, he's going
to get suspended a sentence again.
Push!
Put it back to my room!
Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown.
Accountable for everybody, brown and brown.
That's a human being.
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a brown nose.
And I know it's way to point it.
There was no rules to get them saved.
They don't vote Republican anyway.
I did everything I possibly can.
There's no myself home.
All the good lucks planned.
Oh, what a job I had.
That's a wreck, there are three must.
When I'm much more than a weasely skimmer and a glueless son of a bitch.
It's his dick, brown nose and the ridge.
It's his dick, brown nose and the ridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone.
With W. said, I did one heck of a job.
And it's your pays off.
To be a crown and another white base.
The Christian, Fony, the National Guard is down there now.
We thought of just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is big, cheap pain.
All the hurricane gave us a big easy.
For neophon, social, engineering like a giant republic.
It's Quaint G.
Ruse Jesus for the shower of Lord and King.
Ruse Jesus for the shower of Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we lack.
It serves the right to have this black said.
You've the sentence who say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have it black.
In the first place, this is no time to play the playing game.
Since we know that the repeat are caused by gays.
Who are not the right gunna all alone.
Like Schottie McLaren and Carl Gold.
All we're achieving in America is right wing dream.
You make everybody white like me.
And there's an ignorant son of a bitch.
Who gets his job from all the nervous.
Oh, how I miss heading my new gravy and horses.
I'd rather do that than watch loading corpses.
I'm an negligent bird over now.
And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
I'm an negligent bird over now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
Now, 573 votes.
If we get to 700 by one, I think we can slide into our 800, don't you?
I think they'll be safe.
We can slide right into it.
That's what I'm thinking.
We got 573 right now.
We might just make the 800 in Josh Mike not lose his job.
Moreen down writes in New York Times.
You're not going to read these columns, are you?
As a matter of fact, I've got two really good ones.
Molly Ivens, the graph goes on.
And Moreen down.
Doesn't everybody love Moreen down?
Absolutely.
Positively.
I should point out, a lot of people are reading and I hope they will.
Josh went through a tremendous amount of work to get that article on there today, didn't you?
Yeah, my fingers hurt.
The one that I've talked about before, well, I could make a comment about that, but I won't.
Duff, I think, might know the reason why.
Now, let's see.
Where's the...
I'm looking on the wrong page.
Am I stupid or what?
Yes.
Sure thought of delayed federal response memo shows.
Look at that.
It's almost our leading story read today.
Good.
And we've got that under way.
Because that should give you a really good idea of the kind of incompetence.
It's not just Brownie.
I mean, there's no question he was totally unqualified.
I mean, on Qualify would be an understatement.
But Michael Cheardoff, his head ought to be rolling, too.
The head of the department of Homeland Security.
This is the guy that's supposed to be overseeing between the viscreen and the duct tape, etc.
And that's why they put that former fire flunky from Miami in charge of FEMA.
Who are these people kidding, man?
It's a big dog in pony show.
And when push comes to show, when it's time for a real response, good luck to you.
It's all I can tell you.
Just good luck.
Run for the hills.
Call up George.
Maybe he can rent his place in North Carolina.
Up there in a mountains where you'll be safe.
The reason.
Marine Dowd says,
A fatal incuriosity.
I hate spending time in hospitals and nursing homes.
I find them and be some of the most depressing places on earth.
Maybe that's why the stories of the sick and elderly who died.
45 in a New Orleans hospital.
And 34 in St. Rita's nursing home in the devastated St. Bernard Parish outside New Orleans.
Haunt me so.
You're already vulnerable and alone when suddenly you'll be set by nature and be
trade by your government.
At St. Rita's 34 seniors fought to live with what little strength they had,
as the lights went out and the water rose over their legs, over their shoulders,
over their mouths.
As Gardner Harris wrote in the Times,
The failed defenses included a table nailed against a window and a couch pushed against the door.
Several electric wheelchairs were gathered near the front entrance,
maybe by patients who dreamed of evacuating.
Their drowned bodies were found swollen, unrecognizable a week later,
as Mr. Harris reported, draped over a wheelchair, wrapped in a shower curtain,
lying on a floor in several inches of muck.
At Memorial Medical Center, victims also suffered a hundred-and-a-reheat and died,
some are waiting to be rescued in the four days after Katrina hit.
As Louisiana's death toll spiked to 423 yesterday,
the state charged St. Rita's owners with multiple counts of negligent homicide,
accusing them of not responding to warnings about the hurricane.
In effect state attorney General Charles Fody Jr. said,
I think that their inactions resulted in the death of these people.
President Bush continued to try to spin his own inaction yesterday,
but he may finally have reached the patch of reality beyond spin.
Now he's the one drowning, unable to rescue himself by patting small black children on the head during photo-ops,
and making scripted attempts to appear engaged.
He can keep going back down there as he will again on Thursday
when he gives a televised speech to the nation,
but he can never compensate for his tragic intention during days
when so many lives could have been saved.
He made the ultimate sacrifice that minute as administration had messed up,
something he refused to do through all of the other screw-ups from Phantom WMD
and the torture at the Abu Gharr Reb Enquantanamo to miscalculations
on the Iraq occupation and the insurgency,
which soon will have claimed 2000 young Americans.
How many places will be in shambles by the time Bush crew leaves office?
Given that the Bush team is dealt with both Gulf crises, Iraq and Katrina,
with the same deadly mixture of arrogance and incompetence,
and a refusal to face reality,
it's frightening to think how it will handle the most demanding act
of government domestic investment since the new deal.
Even though we know W. likes to be in his bubble with his feather pillow,
the stories this week are breathtaking about the lengths to what how staff had to go to
in order to capture and curate Georgia's attention.
News recreported that the reality of Katrina didn't sink in for the president
until days after the levees broke,
turning New Orleans into a watery grave.
It took a virtual intervention of his top eights to make W. watch the news
about the worst natural disaster in a century.
Dan Bartlett made a DVD of newscasts on a hurricane to show the president Friday morning
as he flew down to the Gulf Coast.
The age were scared to tell the isolated president that he should cut short his vacation
by a couple of days, newsweek said,
because he can be cold and snappish in private.
Mike Allen wrote in time about one of the young-ish aid who was so terrified
about time Mr. Bush, he was wrong about something during his first term.
He had dry heaves afterward.
The president had to be truly zoned out not to jump at the word hurricane,
given that he's always used his father's term as a reverse playbook,
and his father almost lost 4 to 92 because of his slow-footed response to Hurricane Andrew.
And W. T. for staff Andy Card was the White House Transportation Secretary
that the senior president was sent to the rescue after FEMA bungled that one.
W. has said he prefers to get his information straight up from AIDS
rather than filtered through newspapers or newscasts,
but he surrounds himself with weak sisters who don't have the nerve to break the bad news to him
or ideologues with agendas that require warping reality or chuckle-headed cronies like Brownie.
The president should stop haunting New Orleans looking for that bullhorn moment.
It's too late.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'62a.
Our David's a bitch.
When I started losing my hair, I lost my confidence too.
I tried roguing, but it didn't do a thing for me.
When roguing doesn't work, try moguing.
No moguing is scientifically proven to grow you a full thick helmet of hair,
just like mall from the free stochies.
After using moguing for just 3 weeks, my hair grew in his thickest mose.
More important, I got my confidence back soon.
Now I'm more assertive.
Hey, shut up, you lame brain. I was talking.
What did you say?
I said, can't it? Knock on head.
Oh, my eyes! Why are you?
You're what I want.
I'll be your example.
Oh, my God. See that?
I'm gonna blow it up. I'm gonna blow it up.
I'm gonna blow it up.
Well, take that.
Mogey, especially corned against the people who look like curly.
So let me ask you, how come we haven't put Howard David's a bit?
How come that's not on her yet?
Well, it isn't about that.
Okay, so what do we got?
I think we got a shot, Josh.
600 and a sum odd.
If we get close to 700 by a top of the hour,
we got, like I said, 600.
They're coming in now by the ones.
See, unless you keep prodding and pushing and begging these people like,
ask their vote, you know?
This is why you got George Bush as president,
because too many people didn't want to be bothered to vote.
And then, of course, a lot of those people who did want to go vote.
They kind of changed the complexion of things.
Kind of too dark complexion they returned around and sent home.
Oh, you can't vote.
You dark folks.
So we got, we didn't get to like about 680 by the top of the hour.
I think we can do it.
Here's a fact that says,
now that our president's invented responsibility for all the mistakes made,
is this making an error risk?
Yeah, he's the ultimate error risk with the T, okay?
Terrorist, guarantee is responsible for that.
It's a hell of a lot more people than Osama Yamama,
or any other so-called terrorist or Al Zarkawi or Al Shorts.
Blood on the hands, baby.
You can wash with comet cleanser,
even scour with listerine and Mr. Clean,
and you can't wash it off.
Just drowning in a sea of blood.
So here's the deal on the poll.
I guess I better give the result.
That's another problem.
Well, I don't want to play these.
What's your favorite sound or drop it on the show?
Part sounds I want to back 95.
They continue leading away.
Raspberry for Joyce.
About 30 man, 91.
You're very 61, doidoi doidoi, 54.
I just can't say it like.
Doidoi doidoi.
Who can?
I'm crying over here, 52.
I'm dying over here.
Absolutely.
Absolutely, perfect.
048.
Yeah, we need one.
I'm crying over here.
We need that.
The way things are going.
Mad Dog, I'll write 32.
It puts the lotion in the basket, 17.
They all suck, 17.
Yes, suck this.
You idiots.
You quizzlings.
You negatory morons who've destroyed that beautiful tropical paradise.
17 like the...
Cube.
And the drop in too.
The guilty squeak.
16.
Oh, oh, 12.
The guilty shack does in first.
The American effinaway 9.
Unbelievable 9.
I see, I could have made like two separate ones on that.
Unfailable.
You know?
Right.
Because we could have the original.
Unfailable.
Wait a minute.
Unfailable.
That is the original.
Where's the David Paul one?
I got rid of that.
I don't like that one.
Dice and...
It has got nine.
Right number seven.
Yeah, that's it.
The other under deep hole.
David Paul mumbled.
You bitch, you slut, you whore.
Five.
No Bible bills got five.
Larry King with his...
No.
That's got four.
I have no life for.
He died from Faso 3.
What's that guy's name again?
Sonny La Palotta.
Richie Carrey.
The goofy laugh.
Three.
Drusy, no, three.
Rock solid three.
Mad Dog's yes.
He's got a pair.
Loan me $50.
Larry King too.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, II.
Pinky, winky, you, you, you, you, whatever that is too.
The picture or two, absolutely by Moe's got a pair.
Jesus Christ, the Moe master too.
Boy, always on there twice.
Right?
It is.
Yes, got 13 up on top and it's got one down here below.
It's on there twice.
I got two.
Boy!
You can never have too many oys.
How are David's a bitch just went on there and kneeled the none?
They don't like that.
What is that?
Why are you to you?
You're to your turn, mad dog.
That's got to you.
You to your turn, buffalo, bill and urge.
Got none and Gilbert's laugh as that probably grabs him right to the bowl and you hear that out of 607.
I don't know.
I'm I'm not really sure.
I have a mixed feelings about this.
Speaking of numbers, by the way, here's some more important numbers.
A lot of data on that grotesque story, the latest of bloodshed and violence and mayhem and civil war in Iraq.
Nice job, Bush, myster.
And let's see.
Great hates you.
Oh, that's a good one.
That's what a Georgia's favorite is because certainly it's about him.
Break hate you.
Now let's get that on.
Who is that fighter?
Well, that's just a caller, right?
A caller who knows what it's all about.
Yeah.
More than a dozen explosions ripped to the Iraqi capital in rapid succession today, killing at least 152 people and wounding 542 in a series of attacks to begin with a suicide car bombing that targeted laborers assemble to find work for the day.
Al Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility.
And of course, before our attacker on Iraq, there was no al Qaeda in Iraq in spite of all the lies.
The one day death toll was believed to be the worst in the capital since major combat ended in May 2003.
And Al Jazeera said al Qaeda in Iraq linked the attacks to the recent killing of about 200 militants from the city of Al Tafar by US and Iraqi forces.
Before dawn today, 17 men were killed by insurgents in the village of Taiji, north of Baghdad, which pushed the death toll in all violence and around the capital to 169.
Today's deadliest bomb in killed at least 112 people wounded more than 200 in the heavily she-eyed neighborhood of Kazamiya where the day laborers had gathered shortly after dawn to look for work.
And they won't have to worry about looking for work now because they're in bad shape.
Everything is just fine. There's another one.
Oh, we're fine.
And Stuart, a real idiot, if there ever was one, he'd been.
You're scary.
Oh, we're fine.
Put that on there.
More than a barrier, man, 624. There's Arlen inspector.
I'm saying that he agreed with Justice O'Connor about the diversity that the military found.
I thought there again that went a considerable distance when you take.
You know what he reminds me of, he reminds me of Hubert Humphrey.
Now that's before your time, but there I remember there was either a timer in Newsweek front cover, US News and World Report, the public dying of Hubert Humphrey, who also had cancer.
And he did the chemo. And of course, he was already bald to begin with, but like, you know, kind of a public dying of Arlen inspector.
But you've had a hand in two of me already had like the brain tumor and he had a quadruple bypass and he had that magic booth that went through his...
Correct.
...out his ear.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five, 16 hours of running fun on the stretchway.
Godaw, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leads, and you're listening to the Hockey authority Neil got.
Pringlinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglinglingling.
I hope Kermity brought here.
Ding, ding!
I'm dying on the neck.
I'm gonna do the Kermit fraud. Yay!
Kermit app!
I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you
I'm not a fan of me, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you, I'm not a fan of you only
I'm not fainting on or not bswane, but uh, I'm
right here
Jeff Greenfield and other Jeffrey Tuben, all those other boring people.
See, they feel even though there's no testimony going on right now, I've noticed that MSNBC,
when they've been showing the hearings, they just show you the Q&A, you know, and they
like to listen.
We're seeing that and they keep interrupting whenever they feel like it because it's a
lot more important to hear Wolf Blitzkrieg asking his pedantic ponderous questions.
Pathetic.
And anyway, wait till you hear this.
All right.
I mean, nothing should be surprising.
Shortly after Katrina wrote through Southern Mississippi knocking out electricity and communication
system, the White House ordered power restored to a pipeline that sends fuel to the Northeast.
That ordered restart two power substations in Collins that's your colonial pipeline
company, delayed efforts by at least 24 hours to restore power to two rural hospitals
and a number of water systems in the Pine Belt.
At the time gasoline was insured to fly across the country because of Katrina, prices increased
dramatically in lines formed at pumps across the South.
I considered a presidential directive to get those pipelines operating, said Jim Compton,
General Manager of the South Mississippi Electric Power Association, which distributes
power that rural electric co-ops, shelter consumers and businesses.
I reluctantly agreed to pull half our transmission line crews off other projects and made
getting the transmission lines to the column, subsidized the priority, he said, our people
were told to work on it until it was done.
They did it in the 16 hours and I considered the effort on precedent.
He said on, unprecedented.
How do you like that?
Get your priority straight is what they were telling them.
Okay.
It's just, it is unbelievable.
Just pathetic.
Speaking of pathetic.
As well.
Yeah.
649, man, I think you got a shot.
Josh Corda says we're going to make 800 today or he's going to want to know why.
He's going to tell Dave Ann Boring right to his face what a coma inducer he is, a sleeper.
And he really is.
He's, oh, God.
So boring.
Even at promo we play the other day to hear what was that about?
Was about Don Trell and the home run?
That was it.
Okay.
No, I know he's not going to say anything because this weekend they're coming back to town.
He's going to sit there and look at his face again.
Look at that bad wig.
God, that caught up, up and away.
I mean, I was okay for the fifth dimension.
It was okay for a Superman.
Or was that Captain Marvel was set up up and Captain Marvel sent some damn.
What he did.
Did he also say up up and away?
No, that was super bad.
I don't think Superman did say that.
Maybe in the comics he did.
The intro to the old TV series they said, really?
Oh, that's right.
When Steve Reves, George Reves, George Reves was playing with that big punch.
Okay.
It was super.
Oh, yeah.
Super chubby.
Super flabby.
I wonder if he blew his brains out.
Although there's some debate about that.
Yeah, that's an interesting pool of all the people who died mysteriously.
Yeah, that's a good pool.
How do we word that?
I don't know.
Chris, you know what I'm talking about?
Marilyn Monroe and then they get Bob Crane, you know?
Right.
From Hogan's Heroes.
And so many of these people have died under very mysterious circumstances.
Speaking of the Marlins, by the way, Dave County says it doesn't have enough cash to help
finance the Marlins.
How do you like that when that stadium they want?
Here they are.
They got a half a game lead or a game lead now, isn't it?
Game over the Phillies?
Yes.
In a wild card.
Here they are getting poised for another one of the world's serious.
And Dave County says, oh, we can't help you out.
Which is probably the right answer.
But nevertheless, with projected cost of the new Florida Marlins ballpark rising and no
new sources of revenue, Dave County may be out of options to help finance the project
when a memo released yesterday says the Sun Sentinel.
I'm not optimistic regarding the future of the ballpark project that the Orange Bull County
manager George Burgess, no relation to Smoky Burgess, wrote to County commissioners or
Tommy Burgess used to play for the Rochester Red Wings.
That kind of call from Rochester yesterday to begin the mission.
He was all right.
Not great.
He was okay.
He had been better if he was sitting like in a rendez-court.
Okay.
As currently contemplated, the ballpark project requires substantial public funding and financing.
And I think we've reached the limits of our ability to contribute in a responsible manner
to this project he said.
Oh, geez.
Commission Chairman Joe Martinez agreed saying while he wants to keep the Marlins in
South Florida, the county has to balance its needs.
Dave pledged tourist tax dollars to the project, but County officials said they'd got no
more to give.
The tele-zempty.
That's what I want to tell BocaBrien.
No more to give.
No moths.
No moths.
It looks...
Oh.
I'm going to be sent in if he walked out and found him hanging from a new slacker in a hallway
there.
Every day.
I'm ready.
He...
You know what did it for me?
He did.
Everybody had brownies.
About to pee.
Just when you least think that when you get a little pee-oated him, which happens down
then because he can be a little annoying.
He's a prostitute.
He comes up with something phenomenal like that.
That's a collector's item.
That brownie, brownie brown.
Isn't it?
It's precious.
What are you talking about?
It is.
Precious infu or bits like that.
Oh, I know Tom doesn't like him because they're just filler material.
We got four hours to go.
You know?
See, Tom, don't write about this show because you don't understand it.
You don't understand radio.
You're still living in the sandy-painting era, okay?
You live in back in the day and the old day when they were kicking an ancient style, okay?
That's what you're living in.
Have a nice day.
Yeah, that's what you think is talk radio.
Sandy-painting.
Putting people into like coma.
God.
I really don't care.
I just like ripping them and asking because I know he gets upset.
And his wife gets psychotic.
I'll take you one thing though.
He must have a really hot look in wife because his son's a good looking kid.
Or maybe just different father, I don't know.
Anyway, getting back to the Marlins, let's forget about Tom Zickie.
You keep bringing that up and it's just the sour grapes that sound like to me.
Well, because he leaves you out all the time.
Oh, he has written about you.
Hasn't he?
What has he said?
Remember that one time he said that George is a more less than equal partner on the show
if you're doing less than less.
In other words, it was a way of talking to him.
Oh, that's right.
I was going to phone it in from anywhere around the world whenever I felt like it.
Oh, yeah, that was another gem, Tom.
I have this silly, ass piece of crap.
Anyway, instead of closing the financial gap for the Marlins,
state of misgivings all the time, Martina said.
Virgins said a previous funding gap of up to 45 million for a 38,000 seat retractable
roof stadium to open in 2008 could reach 100 million because the stadium could be ready
before 2009.
The project was delayed this spring when the state legislature didn't approve a state
sales tax rebate for a stadium.
The state legislature ain't quite frankly doing much of anything.
The Marlins, Virgins, wrote did not seem willing to continue to work to find a way to resolve
the issues and are reluctant to further expend money and resources on the project.
Marlins executive declined to comment.
City of Miami officials also said they can't contribute no more.
They ain't got it.
They're broke.
They got to keep buying new T-pots for Joe Carroyo.
County Commissioner Bruno Barerello, Barerello, for who the hell is that?
They keep sneaking in more of your people while I'm asleep.
Plants to ask the Commission's Intergovernmental Recreation and Cultural Affairs Committee,
which is meeting today.
In fact, met this morning to consider buying 50 mainly rental properties needed for the
project.
Virgins will give the committee an update.
Martinez-State Express the County Mangler through reports of the full commission on September
22.
Virgins outlined options to move the project forward but all have drawbacks or not favored
by the Marlins among them building a stadium without a roof.
Uh-uh.
Or asking County voters to approve a half or full penny sales tax for a year to raise
160 million to 320 million.
Uh-uh.
To help fund a baseball stadium and renovate the Orange Bull.
Uh-uh.
Terrying down the Orange Bull and building a baseball stadium in a small soccer stadium
on a so-called less property, but the hurricane would need to move to Dolphin Stadium and
move to the University of Miami has not endorsed.
And why not?
Why not?
In other words, it's the hurricanes that are there the problem here.
You hear that?
Right?
I heard it.
What possible objection could they have of moving to the orphan state at a P.P. park?
Josh, who can say?
I mean, so it's not on a campus.
Neither is the Orange Bull is not on a campus.
In fact, there is no campus when you come right down to it.
But that's just got to be one of the most stupid-ass things.
I mean, it's idiotic.
Look at how many more people they can ride on with numbers of people.
But it's just a different than the ambiance and like real toilets that work.
Well, it's the people, too.
I mean, that definitely get a lot more people.
Yeah.
And then the comfort factor, which is the whole ambiance that's playing like in a real
stadium instead of that crappy Orange Bull, but it was actually sitting your ass on cement,
my god.
What is wrong with you, Donna Shaleigh?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
Any chance?
Mr. Mary Catherine, please don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their
show segments like that one to two-hour.
Oh, alright.
Mr. G, the dance machine, a sweet little nun with happy feet.
Ah, just a giant two-foot beat.
Mr. G, the dance machine, Mr. G, his agency, adding Catholic doctorate, boil the gal,
the winger weave.
She can shake that tasty meat.
She's quite a side of life and life looking like a real food dance in food.
Look at her go swinging high and low with a more dreadful little shoe.
Mr. G, the dance machine, dancing and learn only things.
You knock you off your feet when you hear her well and shake.
I thought of that having a drum thing like a rabbit when the music turned me on.
I know it sounds happy about a fun guy, but I think you didn't get it at all.
Mr. G, the swing of the nun, a shaking fountain, Donna Funt.
Daddy fat for 85 ferment duck.
Really fun.
Mr. G, the dance machine, the sweet little competion.
Mr. G, the dance machine,
Mr. G.
Mr. G, the dance machine,
Mr. G,
Mr. G,
Mr. G!
Mr. G,
I sure am glad I played it because it makes me realize that I got to like redo that edit
there.
It's a little on a week side.
Of course we got to edit everything because we sure can't play no genius and A,
this and A, H's, whatever else, all of these.
Land of the free, don't forget.
Oh yeah, used to be.
684, so like I said, we needed about 680 votes at the top of the hour to get to 800
a day.
And Josh, I think if you push it, if you just kind of like push it a little bit, we
can get to 800.
All right.
Are you pushing it?
And let me say it again.
I'm going to push that movie, Team America, World Police, the Georgetown, maybe because that's
the only people I can see that would think it was not funny, are right-wing idiots who
wouldn't be watching anyway.
Although I should like it because of the fact that it rips all of those Hollywood people
and Michael Moore and Ais, and everybody.
It rips everybody.
And everybody Sean Penn who takes himself much through seriously.
There were right-wingers and left-wingers that didn't think it was funny.
Left-wingers who thought it wasn't funny.
Yeah, like Sean Penn and a few other people who were fine with it.
I'm not talking about people who, no, see that's because they're rippin' him.
They have no sense of humor, though.
I understand that.
I'm not talking about people that are like satirized in the movie.
I'm just talking about the audience viewers.
And you tell me that they're all like, we hate like the audience.
At the theater, there were people that got up and walked out.
Get outta here.
That's what they did.
And then in the theater, they had like the sanitized version, too, right?
Exactly.
Get outta here.
So you haven't even seen this one?
No, no, but I will.
Well, I'll tell you, if your kids are into a building with Lincoln logs, or yeah, there
are depth.
Okay, Sister Mary, Catherine, Jesus, I just played that before the top of the hour.
Let's get that on a pull right away.
We can get to our 800 votes if you're hurry, if you rush.
As Mr. Wigo used to say, if you move quickly, 5'6'7", let's get a couple of hundred calls
on here, too, to pacify the call liquors out there.
Got a lot of people like Lincoln it.
5'6'7", oh 5'6", the town 5'6", the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Talking high, boss, new rubbish.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, hello.
And now that's a good one.
You play that a lot, Tom Homo.
Yeah, that's one.
Probably want to put that on there.
How about speaking of Hank?
Now, I don't know if it's going to get any votes, but one of my all time.
Oh, there's another one.
We're the fact ship station.
Yeah, right, right.
Fact ship station, Hank, and he was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
I keep thinking of, I keep thinking of Bert Ward, every time he says that.
Of course, I keep thinking of Bert Ward all the time, at least what he looks like back
then.
You don't want to think about what he looks like right now, but then it happens to the
best of us.
It looks like Bert Ward.
Yeah, he looks like hospital ward.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you got a chance to see President A Bush at the United Nations this morning.
I saw about 5'6", when he comes on my eyes go in the other direction.
Oh, I naturally went straight to my office.
But did you see the way they introduced him?
No.
Okay, I guess it's protocol that one of the representatives of United Nations introduces
him and he brought him on his system as his ex-lancy.
Really?
The president, the chauffeur's book.
Wow.
I didn't know whether to, you know.
Laffrey, the banana, okay.
Well, thanks for the bad news.
It's his ex-lancy, if you're, I understand.
We know where he's coming from.
See, at least the other fear, at least he had like some presence, you know what I'm saying?
He had like that domineering, like he expected him to get the whip out, you know, that
SNM kind of thing that supposedly were new.
Well, the most of that, how can you do that?
Yeah, he had a bad mustache.
Let's face it.
Charlie Chaplin.
Oh my God.
I know, even Charlie Chaplin, better mustache than Adolf.
I'm always sure know how to tenderize that meat.
5'6", 7'05", 6'5", 6'0", and a singular wireless line.
I had a great line for that, but, you know, we don't need the other goal or case.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, I just want to pay one meal, no, I want to, Arnold Royal Castle yesterday.
It's burned down.
And clothes because they had a big fire.
Yeah, I know, okay, thanks.
Yeah, I'm glad that got caught, because I meant to ask you a follow-up on it.
Remember we had the couple weeks ago, somebody called and said that we're on fire.
And it was true.
It was...
FIGHTING!
And you never like gave me no, I have no, no information, no.
Well, there's the new info right there, that's what I'm saying.
Tell the rest of it.
We found out after the fact that it really did burn down.
I found that out, but as far as...
Well, when you say burned down, there's a difference between having a fire there and burning
down.
Yes, burning down sounds like, you know, finito, you know.
Burning down the house.
No, I don't know how bad it is or when they'll be reopened or anything like that.
But hey, Arnold, give a call, huh?
Hey Wayne, keep us posted, okay?
As a matter of fact, maybe they were making a whole bunch of those newly-burgrs there.
Like, really, really flame grilled.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, Nia, I got one for you.
Okay.
The dude who used to call you all the time talking about there's no facts in the church.
Oh, yeah, that's a good one.
And, of course, Nia.
There's no facts in the church.
Right.
That one, and he's got a wife, you know.
Okay.
There's two good ones.
Of course, everybody's got a wife, except me, I guess nowadays.
All the people are their beards.
Everybody, Tom Cruise keeps getting different wives.
Wife of the week.
I don't think I have that.
Three of them.
What is that under?
He has.
Oh, he has it.
Oh, there's just so much in here.
It's just a different point.
I got it.
I got it.
Yeah, the wife, you know.
You got to just relax.
Okay.
God.
So hyper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are we going to make the 800 or what?
Oh, there's a poofball that boring guy from the...
He's not as boring as Max Mayfield.
Another high tide.
And Rappaport.
Here's Rappaport.
He used to know about seven miles per hour.
So it's going to take about 24 hours before it clears.
I think what I'm trying to say is nothing could be
fine than to blow away Carolina.
Take your pick, which one?
Although you're always defending North Carolina.
Right.
We got 704.
We need 96 in 54 minutes.
That should be easy as like going to sleep with Dave
Ann Boring doing a Marlin game.
Should be easy as that.
He really is boring.
I don't care what you say, Josh.
He's coma-inducent.
I mean, is he really that boring and personally,
you talked to him?
Is he like very low-key guy?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Do I know how to shut him up or what?
The only time he, of course, if Dub comes in here,
he runs like a son of a bitch.
W.A.M. Hell I am rightfully so.
Q.A.M.
I drop a A. You guys are on a one-foot job.
Which I don't need to have a drink.
Y'all are pretty entertainment.
I love you.
All right.
How do you like that?
No.
No extra charge.
Here's a happy guy.
No complaints.
He's not one of those negative people.
They all suck.
We don't like him.
It's my time we heard from somebody
with a smile on his puts anyway.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You've been for taking my car.
Thank you for making your car.
Yes.
We couldn't take it unless you never recirc I'm going to kill myself.
Besides the point.
Yes.
I'm your full.
Neil, the real low.
Neil God.
You got me to put that on there.
I thought we were going to see what I'm going to do.
Yeah, we put it on.
Thank you so much.
Get on here.
Is there got any votes?
See, I'm not giving the results on this pool a lot because oh, yeah, it's got five votes on there.
Now that's your land.
Oh, one is opposed to the.
Neil God.
Of course, the Curtis one actually that was under I think more amusing circumstances because.
All original.
The original one was spontaneous, right?
This was Curtis who worked in Tampa, W.A.M.
And when we did the weekly shows from over there and come to fight out that there was a there was a secretary.
We called her Susie short skirts who was old enough to be his mother almost.
And she was chasing him around.
He was a nice kid.
By the way, although I do wonder about that drag show he used to put out of that bar that I went to watch.
Yeah, that karaoke thing he did.
Oh, you don't got a wonder just so you know that.
What do you mean by that Curtis dropped on him just taking a shot?
Oh, he was a good guy to get him to make that cut.
I think he was gay.
But anyway, so she hits him finally.
She, she, uh, lawsuit him.
Yes, you did.
Go ahead to make it cut.
It took him like 10 tries.
He kept going.
Neil.
Neil God.
That's because he was kind of a lowkey guy.
He was.
That's why it was such a shock when a bunch of us, I don't know if Tom Velvita went with us or not.
Well, those were the days weren't they not good ones, but they were sure.
Strange day.
I was a geek.
Yeah, Tom Velvita.
He was the PD over at SUM, which was our cox sister station over there.
I tried to resurrect by simulcasting our shows and replaying them 80 times a day.
He was the operations manager, whatever he was.
Uh, and, uh, and then he got married to which really shocked the hall to me because that's up for sure.
Too fairy.
But, uh, so anyway, we went to the bar to watch Curtis do his routine and he was like a karaoke thing, but he dressed up.
Right?
I mean, dressed up.
Yeah, which was, uh, you see, it's interesting.
People who are very lowkey in person.
It's just like me in this show.
It's the same thing.
It's a radio show off the air.
I'm basically a pretty quiet guy.
I mean, I can get agitated at times, but generally speaking, I'm pretty a lowkey and the same with him.
He was not only lowkey.
He was like one step of comatose.
He was like doing his Terry Shival.
He needed was his own.
You.
And, uh, but he was doing this thing.
You know, he wanted it was that show business thing.
Ha, ha, ha.
Uh, he was all right.
Good old Curtis.
Oh, God.
That was quite a place.
And then of course, you're good, buddy.
Blahblasteter turned on us like a big fat cornered rat.
What, what was that all about?
What a piece of dirt he turned out to be, huh?
I thought you got him that job in the first place.
I did.
And then he started taking it.
I did.
He had gotten out of the business.
Oh, we got him.
Yeah.
He was up at a cornfields in Iowa somewhere and they were trying to put a...
Don't you remember when they put the format together?
They were simulcasting me and Rick and suds and whatever else?
And they needed the local morning show.
And so I recommended Blahblasteter because he had been successful on FLAA in that market.
And I figured, well, they have put him on there.
You know, so to them on the moon and he was all unemployed and on the beat.
Right.
And so I twisted his arm, which believed me, his hand-hawk.
And he brought him out of retirement and they hired him to do mornings over there.
And then we did that week over there while we were redoing our Miami studios.
We had a broadcast from Tampa for a week.
And he just turned on us and ripped us an ass.
Kind of reminded me of some of the else I know like ripping an entire staff.
It's one thing to rip one person, you know.
But when you're like taking on everybody else...
Just really pathetic is what he was.
And then of course he finally then he went back over to FLAA and had lasted for about two minutes.
And now he's out of the business again.
He had a big lawsuit going on about something.
About his lack of talent or whatever.
So you talk about somebody depressing.
He was...
That's it.
To look at him, to listen to the voice.
I mean, just his whole presentation.
So suicide-inducing.
Some people like Dave Ann Boring are coma-inducing.
This man was suicide-inducing.
He was named for like ten minutes and want to blow your brains out.
He gets so depressed.
He was almost as depressing as Maddie Bell.
Oh god, no wonder I'm in such a good mood.
I don't have to see any of those people in no mode.
I will never see any of them again.
Oh yeah, here's a good one.
I like this even though it's long.
Okay?
I don't know how you're going to put the Mandage.
Yeah.
Okay. If he wants me...
Oh, here it is.
He wants me to sing God Bless America and paste these into G-Streng up here.
I'll do it.
So you can kind of abbreviate that.
No, that's like the whole thing down there.
Huh?
Also says this fact, sir.
It's Ephraim and Baton Rouge.
Oh, Ephraim, I hope you're okay and Baton Rouge, baby.
He's all right.
In Baton Rouge.
He says, I found a very interesting article paralleling the hurricane of 28 with Hurricane Katrina
as it relates to how black and poor folks were evacuated before the storm and their treatment thereafter.
The article is titled the Florida Flood that accounted for the most deaths of black people in a single day until Katrina by Ellie of Kleinberg.
That's Howard Kleinberg's son.
How you doing, Howard?
Their website address, well, I got the website.
So thanks, Ephraim, I'll check that out.
I wonder if he's came to Ephraim's Simulist, Jr.
Or maybe to a March, Jr.
Or just grab my Jr.
I don't like that Jr. thing.
I've told you that many times before.
It's not a knocking against people.
Our name's Jr. because you don't choose your own name.
You know, because I certainly never would have chosen Nelson.
Or they have to use the Jr.
Or even if they tagged on it.
Well, isn't it appropriate if Daddy is still alive that he used the Jr.?
What's he going to say?
What about Ray Fisher, Jr.?
What about Sandy Fisher?
Hey, Sandy.
Uh-oh.
12...
You know, a lot of people have this stereotype about Canadian women and that what problem is that the stereotype is true,
but only for like, kind of like, I would say like 45 plus.
See, they think that all Canadian women are like real school, Marmorsh and dress real Diky.
And they have that kind of look.
And then it's true for like a lot of women, 45 or 50 plus, real Diky.
And of course, the reason for that is because they're Dik's.
I was going to say that was not Mike's.
Right.
But nevertheless, the, oh, the people here, there are so many beautiful people in this city.
It's just a really scary, you know, of every variety.
It's just, uh, frightening.
113 at 560 WQAM.
We got the molemyster at two.
Oh, so says got the call.
Giam Bees in the yard.
Papa Barrow shows those boys down with a knife and four.
We're talking to small.
So ring it for the fence, it's talking to small.
That making this meet up defenses, they're testimony just a bunch of lines.
Have never.
You're terrible.
They're pulling three run shots with routine fries.
Like a maro.
There's nothing for me to gain in everything.
I was going to get the three out of six.
Yeah, these guys fired our long time ago.
We already know that but it's still a good bit.
119 at QAM 730 votes.
I think we got a shot at 800.
And if not, we'll just keep going until we get there.
All right.
Suspect arrested in Samu Rae, sword robbery of Jacksonville lunch crowd.
Police say they've arrested the man who used to samu Rae, sword rob a lunchtime crowd of 32 bucks.
Matthew Scott Ball, 31, is being held at the anti-duball county jail on $102,566 bail.
An armed robbery in possession of drug paraphernalia charges.
See all your fellow drug addicts out there, George?
They're just out of control.
Yeah, I'm sure he was a pothead.
Ball was arrested late Monday.
I was after the robbery at Mudville Grill.
Oh, the Mudville Grill.
How about it's up on the hill in Jacksonville?
When this is said, the robber with the sword across two tables, clearing the table tops of condiments before slamming his hand on the counter.
And probably a swipe away all the sweet and low too.
Several patrons empty their pockets in the man-grandication, fled in a green minivan.
It was later found abandoned with the sword inside.
Police say when this is identified ball from a photo lineup, his next court appearance was scheduled for September 30th.
But third man.
And there's no immediate information about his illegal representation or what kind of drugs he's doing.
George wants to know where he gets him.
Right.
The graph goes on, says Molly Ivans.
Now what about get the honey, Jr.?
What about it?
It's not on the reen, is it?
I heard it.
Well, let's go.
How could that not be on there?
Even I'm thinking, grab my junior honey.
Well, how come that's not on there too, wouldn't you think?
You think?
Grab my junior honey.
I mean, that's sensational.
Okay, you don't like it.
I like it.
Seven, what do we got?
I want to keep an eye on this because, you know, Josh has a tendency not to like push it.
Seven, 32, ain't pushing it hard enough.
You're not getting with it, man.
You've got 39 minutes and 68 votes.
This is not, this is not like falling off a log, you know?
We're going to get it, no problem.
We were taking it for granted a little while ago.
And once you take it for granted, these people like, they just flop back in their seat,
and they look over to that coma mode, like they're listening to Dave Van Boren doing a Marlon game, you know?
They think somebody has to hook some oxygen up into a,
and stick it to their pus to revive them a little bit.
Especially after most of the swillets on radio in this town, boy, there's some bad crap.
Anyway, Molly Ivin's rights, the graph goes on.
She says, here's a good idea.
Consumer groups and progressive congress folks have joined in the effort to stop hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Katrina from being further harmed by the new bankruptcy act,
scheduled to take effect October 17th.
This law was notoriously written by and for the consumer credit industry,
and is particularly honoris for the poor.
The bill was passed with massive support from the Republican leadership in Congress,
and were made a disgusting number of sell-out Democrats.
While it was being considered in committee earlier this year,
Texas representative Sheila Jackson Lee offered an amendment to protect victims of natural disasters.
It was defeated without debate on a party line vote.
Now, Congress has a chance to rethink some of its most punitive parts of the bill,
Katrina victims who were planning to file before the new law goes into effect our SOL,
where they're going to find a lawyer, let alone an open courthouse.
Under the new law, anyone who's income is over the state median must file under chapter 13.
A more restrictive category that requires some repayment of debt.
The new law grants no exemption for natural disaster,
even though it's going to be a little tougher for some citizens sitting in the Astridome,
who no longer has a home to come up with tax statements,
paystuffs, and six months of income and expense data.
Let's see if Congress demands to open its marble heart on this issue.
Meanwhile, it's an ill-win that blows no one good,
so we shouldn't be surprised to learn the first winner out of the gate on Katrina
is not other than the Halliburton company,
who is deserving subsidiary Kellogg Brown in Root,
is already been granted a $29.28 million contract for cleanup work in the wake of Katrina.
Of course, no one would suggest Halliburton and subsidiaries give government contracts
more than $9 billion for reconstruction work in Iraq,
with Pentagon audits thus far showing over a billion in question costs
and $422 million unsupported costs,
just because Dick Cheney is still on the payroll.
Heavens Know, the beat continues to receive deferred pay from the company
he formerly headed almost $200 grand last year.
But Cheney has nothing to do with the Halliburton contracts.
That friends goes through not only the noted lobbyist and former head of of all things,
FEMA, since Joe Alba, who was Bush's campaign manager in 2000,
left FEMA in December 2002,
he's been busy making sure reconstruction contracts in Iraq,
go to companies that gave generously to the Republican Party.
Now, aren't you ashamed yourself for thinking there's something wrong with that?
Besides, Alba is now with a big-time Washington lobbying firm
where he also represents Schragg Group Inc. and Voila,
Schragg Group already has a $100 million emergency contract from FEMA
for housing management and construction and $100 million for order
from the US Army Corps of Engineers for Katrina Repair.
Congress has appropriated over $60 billion in emergency funding for recovery costs,
and estimates are the final cost will top 100 billion.
Danielle Bryan, director of the project on government oversight told Reuters,
the government has got to stop stacking senior positions
with people who are repeatedly cashing in on the public trust
in order to afford their private commercial interests.
Now, Ms. Bryan Gidegrip, not all the money goes to the big politically connected firms.
Michael, you're doing a heck of a job brown,
like to spread federal money around.
In fact, representative Robert Wessler, Florida,
was so annoyed by Brownie's distribution of largest in Miami after Hurricane Francis,
that years the president to fire old Brownie last January.
What upset Wessler about the $30 million in FEMA
chest to cover new wardrobes, cars, lawnmowers, vacuum cleaners, furniture and appliances
was that the hurricane didn't even affect Miami, landed a hundred miles away.
Some of you may have heard me observe a time or two going back to when George W.
was still governor of Texas, that trouble with the guys that while he's good at politics,
he stinks at governance.
It boars him.
He's not interested.
He thinks government is bad to begin with, and everything would be done better
if it were contracted out to corporations.
We can now safely assert that W.
is stacked much of the federal government with people like himself.
And what you get when you put people in charge of government
who don't believe in government, and who aren't interested in running it well,
is what happened after Hurricane Katrina.
Many a time in the past six years, I bit my tongue so I wouldn't annoy people
with the always obnoxious observation I told you so,
but damn it all the hell, I did tell you, and I've been telling you since 1994,
and I'm so sick of this man and everything you represent,
all the sleazy smug, self-righteous, graft-in-corruption,
and Christian moralizing and cynicism and tax cuts for all his smug-rich buddies.
Next time I tell you somebody from Texas shouldn't be president of the United States,
please pay attention.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Canada, a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performance.
And now, these legendary connox pay tribute to one another on this new CD,
the best of Canadians singing other Canadians,
featuring Ann Murray's version of this rush classic.
The modern day warrior me means time,
today's time for your me, me, me, rock.
And Russia's take on this Ann Murray standard.
Give me the things, give me the things.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from ZDU.
Aight? Like Celine Dion's rendition of this Neil Young number.
Oh man, look at my dad.
You're a lot like my old son, right?
Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit.
I know that my heart of gold will come.
But that's not all. There's Shania Twain singing Bryant Adams.
Crash Chas Dummies doing the lattice more set.
Snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this
bear naked ladies smash hit.
Pick up your copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians.
The great white North has never been so great.
Or for that matter, so white.
Yeah, you know, Ann Murray, I was thinking to myself while I listen to that.
Is there anybody who really likes Ann Murray?
And then I thought to myself, well guess what?
Compared to Celine Dion, I love Ann Murray.
Ann Murray?
Man Murray.
Hey, she's got 85 kids, you know.
That's it.
She's got a wife, you know.
752 votes.
We got 48 to go to 800.
We got about 20 minutes to do it.
I think we can do that.
Confidence is riding fairly high.
Here's a fast that may have a pretty good point.
It says, I think the reason why the hurricanes wouldn't want to move to Dolphin Stadium
is that they'd have to cut a deal with high Zingai and his idea of a fair deal.
It would be like the one he made with Amarlin.
That's a very good point.
Who wants to deal with the Wayne, you know, with the Wayne Meister?
Excellent point.
Boy, he just, you know, like I said, people don't change.
They are what they are.
And if you expect any change, you're going to be bitterly disappointed.
Katrina pushes gas prices all the time high.
Damage to Gulf Coast refineries and pipelines by Katrina pushed retail gas prices to win.
And thank you again, Mr. President, for these bargain-basement gas prices.
Man, it's fantastic.
Almost makes me want to rush right out and get a car here.
It's only like a $29 a liter.
That's only like about $5 a gallon.
Push retail gas prices to historic highs in the past of weeks would self-serve regular averageing
more than $3 a gallon for the first time ever.
The weighted average price for all three grade surges more than $0.38 to nearly a 304 a gallon
between August 26th and September 9th said,
she'll be Lundberg who publishes these semi-wantley Lundberg survey of 7,000 gas stations around the country.
Substitute regular average 301 a gallon nationwide.
Mid-grade was pegged at about 311 while premium grade was at nearly 321.
So in other words, if you have an 18 gallon tank, it's like $55 to fill up and say,
oh, tanks a lot.
The spike occurred despite declines in the cost of crude oil in recent weeks.
In other words, wait till you see those new record profits that the oil company is making at your expense.
And what did I tell you about the eventual of the trickle down?
See, they're always talking these right wingers about trickle down.
And it does.
The economy is going to hell on a hand-basket.
Northwest airlines and Delta airlines are both preparing to seek bankruptcy protection.
Maybe as soon as today, people close to both companies say,
Northwest, you see, pretty soon you won't have to worry about which airline you're going to fly.
You want to know why?
What? They're all going to be out of business.
Northwest and Delta are each finishing the details of the bankruptcy cases,
including the financing that they'll record to operate under bankruptcy protection.
These people said, by the way, Northwest came up 100 million short.
I just read.
That can cause delays, but the fundamental work in preparing each bankruptcy case is complete.
A spokesman for Northwest, the nation's fifth biggest airline,
said that the company has made no decision on chapter 11 filing.
They just hold your breath a couple hours.
Likewise, a spokesman for Delta, the third biggest carrier, said,
no decisions have been made.
Hold your breath.
Both airlines would file for chapter 11 protection under a U.S. of bankruptcy court in New York.
Their cases will be assigned to different judges if filings are made today.
The first hearings will be tomorrow.
If Northwest and Delta both file, that will mean four of the industry's seven biggest airlines
were operating under bankruptcy protection, reflecting the deep competitive issues
that have battered airlines since the year 2000.
United, which is the second biggest airline behind American,
has been operating under chapter 11 since December 2002.
Last week, it submitted a reorganization plan, said it hoped to emerge from corporate technology next year.
Meanwhile, U.S. skier, which saw bankruptcy protection last year for the second time in two years,
expects to emerge from a corporate protectionist fall,
but it plans to emerge with America West.
Those airlines will operate in a day, the U.S. Airways name, U.S. skier.
That would leave American.
Oh, God, I wouldn't fly that if they paid me by the mile.
You'll reply American?
Yeah, a long time ago.
Oh.
I think their motto ought to be chaos is us.
That would leave American, the industry's biggest carrier,
continental, the fourth largest and southwest the sixth largest,
as the major airlines operating outside bankruptcy protection.
While a bankruptcy filing by Delta had been expected to come this week,
the filing by Northwest had been thought to be several weeks away,
but Northwest and all the large domestic airlines have been hit hard by the spike in jet fuel prices,
and the aftermath of Katrina, which interrupts the production of refineries on the Gulf Coast.
But even before the storm, you hear those words I just said before the storm,
airlines were already paying about 50% more for jet fuel this year than in 2004,
50% more.
What a horror.
Huh?
Pathetic.
And I never really thought about this, and I bet you didn't either.
All the other aspects, you know, the human toll and all the other stuff,
the disease and the oil.
Well, this has to do with the disease, right?
As rising flood water swamped New Orleans, Louisiana's chief epidemiologist,
and listed state police on a mission to break into high security government lab,
and destroy any dangerous germs before the escape or fall into the wrong hands.
Armed with bolt cutters and bleach, Dr. Raoul retards team-enter,
that's what you have to have when you go into the QMT room there.
Volt cutters and bleach, especially a lot of the bleach.
Armed with bolt cutters and bleach, Dr. Retards team-enter the so-called state hot lab,
and killed all the living samples.
This is what had to be done, said Retard, retard,
who matter of fact, would have suddenly put a sudden end to his lab's work on dangerous germs, which he wouldn't name.
At least Retards team was able to retrieve laptop computers containing vital scientific data.
Many other scientists in the region weren't so lucky losing years of research,
either through the storm damage or rather through the destruction.
Not since the torrential floods from Copical Storm,
Allison, which badly damaged the Texas Medical Center in 2001,
has scientific research been disrupted on such a large scale.
Doctors and researchers in a crescent city became exiles overnight,
and definitely locked out of their labs unable to see patients.
Thousands of lab animals, many genetically engineered with human diseases like cancer
and painstakingly bread and cared for,
perished along with vital tissue samples, thought in abandoned labs.
Important work on heart disease, cancer, AIDS, and a host of other ailments,
may be lost forever to scientists at Tulane and LSU,
Louisiana State University's Medical Schools in New Orleans.
LSU lost all of its 8,000 lab animals including mice, rats, dogs, and monkeys.
Monkeys.
Many drowned others died without food and water,
and the rest were euthanized to Dr. Larry Haalyard,
the dean of the LSU Health Sciences Center School of Medicine.
About 300 federally funded projects in New Orleans colleges and universities,
more than 150 million in bucks, were affected in some way.
One of the biggest blows is the likely destruction of frozen urine and blood samples
from thousands of patients enrolled in the Bogellusa Heart Study,
the world's longest-running racial study of risk factors for heart disease.
Samples collected in frozen since 1973,
thought out when Hurricane Knockout Electricity and back-up generators failed
at the Tulane lab in New Orleans.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
A whole bunch of new people are going to have to like pee all over the place.
So in other words, go get that movie team America, world police,
because they're doing it all in there.
Just like that woman says in a tow yard turd spot,
I'm going to do it all.
And they sure did.
Okay, how are we doing? Let's not yuck it up here.
Let's not take our eye off the prize.
Okay, Josh? Are you leaning on it? I'm leaning.
Yeah, let me take a look. I can't get this thing going here.
Oh, there it is.
769. Oh, he just made it up.
769. That means we need 31 more votes in 21 minutes,
which isn't like a whole lot.
But don't ever sit back and assume.
You know what I'm saying? Don't ever assume that these people are going to come through.
You have to keep whipping them and hitting them and beating them and pushing it
and pushing it.
Just like in that movie team America, keep pushing it.
Californians give calls about Nebraska Wal-Mart.
I love this.
Several residents of Lincoln, California, received phone calls last week,
asking for their support for a Wal-Mart in North East Lincoln.
The only problem is the call considered a proposed Wal-Mart
that was nowhere near California. It's in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Residents were asked to support the Wal-Mart by contacting the Lincoln Lancaster County Planning Department.
Many Californians did to complain about the disturbing calls.
The telemarketing company rated call machines that were used recently to promote Wal-Mart in Nebraska.
Wal-Mart spokesman Ryan Horan said,
the Wal-Mart message wasn't erased from one of the machines and one of being heard by the Californians
in place of the telemarketer's message.
How do you like that? They can't get their Lincoln straight, huh?
Speaking of Lincoln logs.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.2.8.
Oh, the crap you can unwrap. All the slime, all the time.
The true Hollywood story.
Obdember, the actor that played Gilligan, dead at 70,
did we really know him? When we come back,
he reveals nearly discovered videos of the crew's all night sex parties.
Oh, Gilligan, you mean so happy?
You won. You just won.
I don't know how to describe it. It's so great.
Oh, take it easy now, little buddy. Just take it easy.
Although they never got off the island, they still got off.
Oh, yes, yes, so rugged, so masculine, how that little kiss kill you.
Sure.
Gilligan, you are right through it again. Will you please?
It'd be true Hollywood story.
Oh, I got one and we don't have an opponent. David Samson going...
We did it!
...like that. Oh, okay.
...because in a minute, we can actually play that.
We did it!
I'm going to have our 800.
Any second now, I had 72 last time I took a puke at it.
793, they're pouring in by the ones now.
They want to do it very carefully. Take us up right toward the top of the air, right to the edge.
You know what I mean? What do you mean?
I don't know.
793, I think we got a shot. We can do it.
We're going to put that on there. David Samson.
We did it!
It's not. It's the case maybe. It's kind of cute.
Only he could do that.
And of course, the Marlins and the Astros tonight, 805.
Big Game number three at that series, and so far, the Marlins are kicking some big ass.
Houston just can't score no runs. That's all there is to it.
In fact, they shouldn't have even wasted it down trolling the first game.
I think you could go out there and pitch Josh and Houston just can't get the job done.
No more.
They're sliding.
A cross dressing court clerk was found dead yesterday, says the New York Daily News,
holding a sex toy and bound with women's panties hose inside his Queens apartment police said.
Nicholas D'Alocia, 46, out of an apparent drug overdose inside the basement apartment,
on 123rd Street in College Point.
The Los A, senior criminal court clerk, was wearing a bra and panties,
and heroin was near his body when his girlfriend found about 10 o'clock in the morning.
Sometimes good people get involved in bad things that is brother John D'Alocia.
Several neighbors acknowledged hearing Nicholas D'Alocia screaming between one and three in the morning, but nobody called police.
Maybe he knew like Michael Cain from the year. What was that movie with Angie Dickinson?
Dressed to kill. Dressed to kill. But that's a good movie.
We thought to call the cops, but then everything got so quiet, said Peter Buvazzo,
who lives on the second floor.
Neighbors said they heard D'Alocia screaming on other days, including a recent mid-morning rant in which he yelled,
I hate my life. He was yelling, I have no life.
Or something like that. D'Alocia, former Marine and father of three,
would work for the court for 22 years when there was an emissive, a second divorce,
landlord, said, this is very surprising, said neighbor Maria Buvazzo, 34.
He looked like a very macho man. Oh, yeah.
The guys that looked like a very macho man, like Arnold, those are the guys who turned out to be the girly man.
Is there any question about it? No.
793, I'm going to refresh it and I have a feeling that we might 799.
We're right on your eye.
What do you got? That's refreshing.
Is it refreshing? And it is mild, okay?
Less filling, less to fill in 801. We did it. Thank you.
Okay, that's it. Now we can forget about that.
Jackson Deal writes in a Washington Post, in human yesterday,
you know, it's about your close personal friend Jose Jimnez Alberto Gonzalez.
During a meeting at the post late last month, I asked Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez a pretty simple question.
Is the policy of the Bush administration not to subject the foreign prisoners
that's holding to cruel and human and degrading treatment?
The phrase I quoted refers to abuse following just short of torture.
It's banned by an international treaty negotiated by the Reagan administration
and ratified a decade ago by the Senate.
Gonzalez started to reply then hesitated.
Then he said he wasn't sure when he'd have to get back to me with an answer.
Last week I called his office to see if the answer was ready.
It wasn't. Instead, a spokesman told me that the staff responsible
is to refer me to the testimony delivered in Gauden to tell us his name to the Senate Judiciary Committee
after his confirmation hearing earlier this year.
It was that maddeningly unclear language that prompted me to ask him the question in the first place.
A couple of things about this exchange struck me as remarkable.
First, how could the Attorney General of the U.S. not be able to state U.S. policy
I'm cruel and human and degrading treatment of prisoners,
especially since his department has repeatedly reviewed the matter in the past several years?
Gonzalez, mind you didn't appear to be evading the question, he just simply didn't know the answer.
The other issue flows from the first...
Oh, I wonder who's roommate he was?
The other issue flows from the first. Why is it that the Bush administration
and the enormous cost U.S. prestige around the world insists on being ambiguous
about this straightforward question?
If Gonzalez has a defense and may be that the lawyers in his department of address the issue
have done so in a way that could easily confuse somebody like their boss,
not to mention the captains and sergeants and civilian contractors
actually charged with interrogating prisoners in places just as Iraq, Afghanistan, and Gitmo.
Here's the answer that was submitted on Gonzalez behalf, though apparently without his comprehension last January.
Despite the treaty, the administration contends that there is no legal prohibition on the use of cruel and human
and degrading treatment by U.S. personnel as long as it's inflicted on aliens overseas.
That means the CIA, for example, could legally abuse the Alcatas suspects
it's holding in secret foreign detention facilities, provided it stopped short of outright torture.
But Gonzalez' ghost writers added the administration wants to be in compliance with the treaty standard
that suggests that CID as the lawyer is called is prohibited in practice or does it.
The Senate is legally defined, cruel, and human and degrading as any treatment that would violate
the fifth, eighth, or 14th amendments to the U.S. Constitution.
Gonzalez said all approved interrogation techniques have been checked against that standard,
but the Attorney General was also asked about various specific practices
that American interrogators are known to have used, including simulated drowning, mock execution,
sleep deprivation, forced nudity, and use of dogs to inspire fear.
He answered, some might be permissible in certain circumstances.
That must mean one of two things.
Either the Bush administration considers mock execution and simulated drowning allowable under the Constitution
and thus available for use by the FBI and Americans, or it does not in fact have a policy of prohibiting CID for all prisoners.
Gonzalez isn't the only one who doesn't get it.
The administration's artfully muddled position is triggered an extraordinary standoff between the White House
and a group of Senate Republicans led by torture victims, John McCain.
McCain now has eight European co-sponsors for an amendment to this year's defense authorization bill
that would prohibit the use of cruel and human and degrading treatment for all persons in the detention of the U.S. government.
The staff is confident that he's got the votes to pass the measure when the bill comes up on the floor probably later this month.
The administration protest that McCain's proposed rule is already being followed.
A CIA brief or recently assured congressional staffers that CID was out of bounds for al-Qaeda detainees.
So why did Dick Cheney vehemently object to the proposed amendment in a meeting with McCain and armed services committee Chairman John War of this summer?
And why did the administration pull the defense authorization bill from the Senate floor and laid July rather than allow the amendments come to a vote?
Maybe there's a good reason, but whatever you do, don't ask Alberto Gonzalez.
This is New Rogers. This is 516-Q-A-M.
The press plan, all what a job I have and the rector of peace must, when I push forward, then a weaselyskiever and a clueless son of a bitch.
It's his gigs, ground goes in the bridge. It's his gigs, ground goes in the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone. With W. said, I did one heck of a job and it sure pays off.
To be a crown and another white-faced, heek-Christian, falling, the national god is down there now.
We thought of just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see.
Everything here is making pain. All the hurricane gave us nothing easy for the Eoconsocial engineering like a giant republic in Swingy.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King. Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe in passions what we lack. It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend to say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have it black. In the first place, this is no time to play the blame game.
Since we know that everything's caused by games who are not the right god, Alma.
Like Scottie McLaren and Carl Gold, all we're achieving are America's right wing dream.
You make everybody white like me and the ignorant son of a bitch.
It's his job, ground goes in the bridge. Oh, how I miss getting my new lady in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch loading corpses on an negligent turnover now.
I'll keep going down if you find no ground. I'm a negligent burger or down.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
It's comforting to know that not only was he clueless but Michael shirt off was your head of Homeland Security.
He hasn't come within 100 yards of a clue yet. He's not just ugly but he's grumpy too.
He is pathetic. And a real surly bastard too. You know what I mean?
I'm just going to have to do it the way I told you just get out of here.
Who the hell is he? Who the hell are you? You get gas, you bearded goofball, you imbecile, you...
You fare right. What's your favorite side of draft on Edelstrad?
We've finally got past the Fartsons they want back to them. I'm sure they're not going to get.
Number one. Number one.
Fartsons 116. They want them back badly but don't hold your breath.
You fare 83.
66.
I'm dying on the head.
63. That's absolutely correct sir.
54. See this is not easy I'm trying to do four things at one time.
Oh right.
41. It puts the Lord's into basket Buffalo Bill 28.
Tube.
23. A lot of people out there who love the Tube.
21.
And that's the first time it's on here.
Gelly squeak 19. The American FNWA 17. They all suck 17.
I guess Tom Jicke must have voted more than once today.
Bye bye bye.
