When it comes to sports
We are the unauthority
She Belongori and who you and I both agree has a lot of talent and more is the one is in cosmopolitan magazine
Excoding the virtues of Brazilian bikini wax
He says it makes sex better. I could just see myself calling up my wife and say
Before I come home
Do you think you want to do the Brazilian bikini wax thing and I know what she's gonna say
When you'll find this
You got great face back off
Great sound bite
So the last words I'm hearing
Moan's wife getting it on who
Don't start right off the van. It's Monday morning. Don't start. Hey, I did a lot of work for you this weekend
What was that I got Eddie Katlin's age
Yeah, I've got a Greg Budeau update all right. I spent my whole weekend working for you. Yeah, bull crap spent your whole weekend punching your guts out
Well, while I was there. Yeah, so Tom jicca got an email from Greg Budeau
Tom jicca. Yeah, is that the same time jicca that's really rotten hill?
Yeah, before I threw him off the roof. Yeah, he's I got it out of him and he said to tell you the great Budeau
Set him an email. He's in Birmingham, Alabama
Good place for him and he wrote that he's doing very well there in fact he has groupies called Gregies
And he's looking great and he's looking forward to the day when you retire so he can come here and take over
Oh, yeah, that's what he wrote Tom. Mm-hmm. I guess he's still a take in those same pills, huh?
And Ed Katlin will be 61 60 in two weeks
Excellent now it can join the club
Let's hear it for old Eddie and I do mean old
The 60 plus crowds so Eddie and MMO and me and you and wow old Jews old Jews can Joel Feinberg's ass
That's the good news speaking of Dick Feinberg and Pompa no Park
They're gonna be reopening for Simon casting November 17th
Liberation December the 2nd. I've got about 17 different factions here
Oh, and I say told you a couple weeks ago. They're getting very close to an agreement with Calder and Gulfstream
We'll take the Gulf they will take each other's signal. Yeah for Simon
You don't have to go to Gulfstream anyone free sure that's off. That's right. Mm-hmm and stand behind all those old Yentos
Well, you know there for two races that I'm doing for ABC other than that
They won't let me think of Gulfstream is the old Yentos who take the racing form and they spread it out
There's a minute to post on there loading the horses in the gate and they're at the window and they're at the window with
They're perfect for their racing form open and lean and hunched over
I'm fading out with either by the way
Fending with equally old Yentos who are behind the window exactly
Well, they had a mess of 95 this morning by the way did Josh ever show up Georgia 9
Nope Josh there yet Josh quarters is near because there's a mess on on any five that are fatal
I saw Josh
You're Joshless. There's heroes not there because huh and we're Joshless today
There's zero is not there because he's he can't make up his mind who wants to be programmed director
Which is kind of silly in the first place or a UM sports nerd so we chose UM sports nerd
He's in Seattle for that big basketball game UM and Air Force tonight. That should be good. Yep. She'll have a humongous tune in audience
For the world's oldest Patriots man. That was a gutsy performance yesterday
Firences up in a wild blue yonder don't ignore me about those Patriots. I'm not ignoring you
That's fine with me. Let's see performances the game went on it kept more and more injuries and if they still pulled up their boot straps and
Jock straps and kick the ass and went accounted you can top-rated the ball with two minutes or less remaining and you're in deep trouble
Oh, yeah, he only went 74 yards in two plays the only thing I think that I know that you can't second guess winning
And he can't second guess Bill Belichick, but I think they made a mistake there in the end
What was that instead of killing the clock there when they had to ball in certain you know the score was 16-15 Miami
And he got the ball down here with like about a little over two minutes to go
Why not kill a clock off and or you know and just run the ball
You have a chance to score you got a score there behind the game. What if they bumble what if they tumble while they're killing it?
That's a good point. What about if the password been intercepted?
That won't happen against the dog
Get two interceptions of the game. I know. Okay, but no, that's those were two
You know great throws and actually the guy had pretty good coverage on the one to Tim Dwight
He just didn't make the white just had to play to get out of his hands. Yep. That happens a lot
Yeah, well the dolphins are three and six thank God
We didn't pay them for an half million dollars to cure their games this year, but we'd be in deep stuff
Yeah, there are a lot of bad reports about Jimmy Cifilis. I'm here and he just can't cut it
I don't know. I haven't heard their bro. Just unqualified in the first place can't cut it
I heard that a lot of gold is doing a nice job on the Panther game
That's what I've been saying. I think he's gonna find you up to bad the Panthers aren't doing see the Panthers
They got this new deal that is every game in the last 10 seconds. They blow the game
Irving game now. I just want to talk to you. I respect boy
I'll tell you the three point two seconds left in the flyer game and they're and they got a power play
That's gonna carry over to overtime
They're gonna have a four on three for a minute overtime and instead they cough it up and but a big it's in the net
That was that was tragic. That was pathetic
So anyways, you know, you're happy like came through all this information
That was excellent. That was a great job. I could tell you a little bit about my
Weekend of wood by yeah, I have one a few bucks
But I played a wheel of fortune machine for 12 hours
You'll never believe this and in that 12 hours that machine paid me nine thousand dollars. Wow
Well, no, don't say and you know what it cost me for the nine thousand eight thousand nine five hundred
Oh, that's not so I finally said to hell with this crap because it was a hot machine mine
But it kept taking it all back so they got some new game which when I go Wednesday
I have to see what the name of this new game is a new machine and I thought well
I had seen a couple when four grand on it earlier was right behind where I was playing
I thought well, it's maybe it's a hot machine and I sat down and of course when you get to a new you're not a slot guy
But when you get to a new machine you have no idea what they're doing and it also there's a free spin thing like wheel of fortune
But and it's got a big thing up on the top and they the voice come the else out whatever you when you hit to spin
Thirty dollars under that whatever you got so I hit the button a thousand dollars. I said what?
I don't even know what the hell I did thousand dollars. So sure enough they come and pay me and then it's also got a thing where you
Re-spin you get a hundred plus another spin it's a new deal. So anyway, I want to put in
Going a home winner. I had a good day Saturday a long traumatic day. I did already call their cell. Well, let's see. There you go
So it was a good weekend. What's even worse than old Jews on the radio is old Jews making money gambling
I don't know. Yeah, that's a really aggravates them over there
I would be surprised if Joel has thrown out a furniture round over there right now
As far as time jikas concert look at that 17.1% see I'm taking a poll this morning
Which you might be interested in during the hurricane
Where did you get your best information now TV 74?
So I guess there must be a lot of people who either got their power back fairly soon or else had those little battery operated TVs
TV audio on radio which we did the first day when hurricane 63 no other reason we did that is we didn't want to endanger
Everybody's life by having them come in Q. I. M. 46 that's pretty good. Yeah, the internet 43
I would be 24 G and O 27 the people who are responding are people who listen to us right?
Yeah, but what I'm saying is that it's a we did a good job if we didn't have the good information because I really felt like I was working my
Ass off those to which I got my goal for that I got my best information from the beast. Did you well?
He was here every morning collecting it. Mm-hmm. I'd say if it wasn't for WQ. I.m. I don't know
What I would have done when my power
You don't have the internet you're not an internet guy plus even if you did you had no way to have that so I
You know I was you know I'm not a reason another reason it's good for me to be here because if you have like a colossal emergency
I'm always here to go on a year and number two. I always have the power got the internet the TV
I got the CNN no she hasn't say there you go and
Who else you could want by the way?
We got in the speak on a sheet. We got a new sales chick there who has been working for two or three weeks
But she calls in sick every day including today who's at the room or floating around the building well
That sales manager you sure had your thumb on his head man. He is
Talk about it. He's got a loser written all over him. What's his name Curtis? Yeah, wow Curtis Lee what who's the new sales chick?
I don't know like I would know oh well. She's out sick all the time
You'll ever meet her because you unless you comes in someday unless I'm a doctor. Yeah, but
Got real prime of course Adam left on Friday that was his last day. Yeah, sorry to see Adam go
He's a good guy little week on the sales end, but a good guy. It's okay. Yeah
We'd rather have a guy's a week on the sales end of the post a week on a human end like some of the ones that are still around
Well, I'm going home to think about Howard's wife with the body
No, no, stop stop. Don't start. I'm trying to like
I'm going to buy wife's bowl already all this other good news
I got my mock three turbo razor over the weekend. I'll give a report on that
Size a good show coming up again
I didn't say that don't get carried away
Well, listen every great day at some Monday is called Carter's not running a day, right? Yeah, are they yes?
They are well, I'll be damned and New York is open today
Well, let's see got finger likes to 12 15 this afternoon from Farmington, New York from Canada, when the York
I'll tell you again. I was there the date opened and Rothmorton. Let's get ready to mumble exactly
Carter at 12 25
Oh, you feel a big kiss for me. Oh, he was out there. He's a great guy. Philadelphia Park 12 25 turf paradise to 25
Where's that turf paradise is in Arizona? I'll be there. I went to that track
Dober downs at 4.30. You can call me. I'll give you some harness racing tips and dober downs
Okay, mountaineer at seven Western fair at 7.35. That's in Sarni, Ontario over London London, Ontario
Woodbind trotters at 7.40 and Australia 8.30 tonight. There is a nice schedule there to keep you busy and losing your ass all day
Jeez and I usually take it easy on Monday
See you be sure bet those finger like simultaneously man. There's two claimers. Those are the best
Okay, the ones where the jockeys have a lot of brace bandages on sounds good have a great day you two and see you my young all right
Shot handcuffs on here and hey cool this spot shut up off now
The ladies always clean to being a professional football cheerleader one now you can be trained by the best at the Carolina
Panthers cheerleading clinic if you're 18 or older have a background in cheerleading have been wronged by a man at least once and
Like soft sweet and beautiful girls then this campus for you this three-day two-night camp is limited to only 30 attendees
Who will spend their days and special seminars and their nights in 15 single beds?
You'll learn how to do this splits in a bathroom stall how to cartwheel all the way to the police car and how to smile at the mug shot camera
Plus that the Carolina Panthers cheerleader clinic you'll learn here is my fees
Well, maybe
But care about your cheerleading clinic such a vice-com
You're a car-recrating specialist reserve your space at the clinic now call one oh oh girl on girl
That's one oh oh girl on girl
10 oh nine at five sixty WM Josh quarters doing there. I'm a son
No, no, he's not well. That's because the southbound lanes of on on the fomber closed their damey Boulevard for hours this morning
It's still a mess after three or four southbound vehicles crash at least one driver was killed dead
The death occurred after a red Jeep SUV rolled over in the driver wasn't wearing a seatbelt was ejected by the crash impact
I guess we could safely assume that's the one who's dead we're gonna
track traffic was detoured off I and I need five on interstate five ninety five Eastern West lanes and on the db Boulevard
Oh God is nothing worse than getting detoured on the db Boulevard although you could stop a big boy or maybe it got five
As you can gas up it has to get a little gas at Godfathers at one point morning rush our traffic was backed up past commercial Boulevard
Many drivers forced off I ninety five moved on the other north south artery quickly clogging them including nearby federal highway
Northbound I ninety five driver was laid and slowed by the accident and then by it says here in a sunsend
Well then by rubber neckers you idiots you quizzlings you you fair right rubber neckers my ass
Well, I hate those people we hate you all you rubber neckers all you idiots are want to slow down so you get a good look and see some blood
It's hard to see the body see the smash that we have there's about idiots maniacs
They had a common drag your ass off by way in fact that'd be a five hundred dollar fine for rubber necking
Wouldn't that be a good one okay or I like it death WDQ I am hello
First call of the week here it is right here
There's nobody on it first see you like it my breath yeah, it's great
No, I think it was it was pretty good
I was one of our better first calls of the week in a long time
Well wait till we get to that pool today man. I like that see we started out a little bit slow
That's because only the sports nerds were awake
But once our people decided to get on that that's pretty damn good
We're all taken for said I say thank God for us is what I say all right see the problem is we have no one news image on the station because we got people
Think that ball games is where it's at I got news for our ball games are like they're okay their little diversion
But when life is on the line. It's the news image
Meaning sports headlines and it's stupid basketball game we got coming up tonight with our program director
He's still like a little child and wants to be you and sports nerd. He's like Mike Rosenthal junior your buddy
Your close personal buddy. What's up? When's that sales bitch gonna come in so Hank and meter how many Q. I. Am hello
How are you doing now pretty good palmy first call of the week. Let's make it a really good one
Okay, how about that lady yesterday did he kick a on the dolphins or what?
Braco you bet
Okay, you know, I wish you were back down here in Miami. I missed the signings. I missed seeing your
Post and all that. Yeah, good lucky pal. I get a life. Oh, I have no less signings. I'll give you a signing. I'll give you a shining
Here's Johnny. I give you the shining. I'm fine. I know the times. Yeah, Mr. Siner
Oh, brother
Can we have a one-de-mug meal? How about a one-de-mug you miserable old you bastard come on give us a one-de-mug the funny part is it the same people would show up for another autograph pick
Right
I was right there. Get a life or so. That's why I always wrote the same crap on there give a life
And it would say I have no life and I believe him
Wow, no, I don't wish I was back there at all. Son of Sean and here's gonna be about 50. They just just fine is
It was like 63 yesterday. We have like a little Indian fall or something like that. I know it's gonna be snowing pretty soon
But that's okay. That's okay because that's my motto any place but south Florida anywhere else in the world even like
Jordan started look pretty good right now
Yeah, we have to see that bitch again that tearless bitch one more time. I'm gonna put like a rock through my head
Exactly 1013 a QM like that Humpers said it's gonna be a real barn burner day
I can feel it I can smell it. Oh, how I on he was all over the place yesterday
He was on here. He was on air Ken Melman was on air lying through his teeth. I was unimpressed by everybody to be honest with me
I mean yesterday was NFL Sunday was the Patriots in the dolphins. Oh, but that was more important and
Josh's Tampa Bay Bucket ears one. He's near yet isn't no tolia a scrolling game over to Redskins 36 35
What a day was yesterday actually couple a pretty good ballgame the Patriots dolphin games suck till the fourth quarter
And then it was like made it all worthwhile. Nice go Tom, baby
And those dolphins man. Oh boy, they got to be hanging her heads
They were all whipped up into a frenzy there when they had to leave for about the 40 seconds
And then that was the end of that
Anyway, here's the ideal pop it apart race track damage by hurricane
Wilma will reopen November 17 for Simon cast racing my close personal friend GM Dick Feinberg said no relation to Joel Feinberg
You want to make sure you know that and live racing resumes December the tooth December two
After assessing and it says here after accessing that's got to be a misprint by the idiots at the
Software to business journal you morons you quizzlings
I think what thick means is assessing all the repairs that need to reopen a facility from the damage caused by Wilma
We're happy to announce that we should be able to reopen ahead of schedule for all your people just dying to
Punger guts out
Pompadoparks suffered considerable damage to the second third and fourth floors in the poker room also damage was the tote board
The raised paddock and more than 10 bars in the backstretch that'll have to be replaced
I guess I guess that blows my plans there for the fat rich memorial of barn. Maybe they could build it now
Yeah, they're just gonna put the horses ass in that one
Hey rich, you don't take it personal sister joke
The outdoor blacher area the drivers room building
They'll also houses the race office state offices judges office security offices suffered major damage
Well most likely have to be torn down
Samuel casting will take place only on the third floor and part of the second while when live racing resumes the sixth floor
Top of the park restaurant will be open
That's excellent just in time for me there when I get there
We hope to be able to race a full schedule on reopen the fine bird said provided we have enough horses to race four nights a week
Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday just like Apollonia said in the godfather Saturday thews day whatever she said
Monday, oh, they went right Saturday. Hey, I don't get into car apollonia too late
The most traumatic time in South Florida was there was our second pool on
Friday, although I actually should go back to the first one
Because you weren't there you were taking they off-go to the beach. We don't believe you by going to the beach
Never did never know I never know what to a park though did you yeah?
Did you park that's the one good six hundred and sixteen votes
We had a preliminary pool which applies to you on the a bodywasting and what Ed McGill what a what a pansy
Hey McGill you fairly that's not almighty. He's just tragic
Which applies to you a male I shower with soap 340 we got a lot of work to do in that area
I just I don't understand it how can 55% that you guys in a zone and still using soap look so
As it has a soap is old news drop the soap male I shower with body wash with a squeegee one thirteen with that
I say squeegee can be like a washcloth they have a scrunchy thing relief a loopless scry any of those say device
Male I shower with body wash but no squeegee got from mid-70
They're like they took the first tender step and other like inching toward using the oh they still doing it with their hand
I don't ever bathe 49 and of course have been around those people female I shower with body wash 24 female I shower with soap 20
So that's about a little pity-fitting all the making more progress than the men
But only 44 out of 616 votes on their unethical of our women
Which shows again? They have no female audience whatsoever none zero zip but he do don none
None because it's QAM. It's the sports nerd station. We're on the wrong station dammit and from what I'm hearing when that sales department
What's going on there man? It's like a crazy house even worse than usual
Brother don't just start x-in-out pictures on that big poster we got there. I think burn the thing
Just burn it is only two more people have done that anyway. Oh, I know one of them is
And the other ones Todd wreck
Yeah, and everybody else including screw-a-in they're all gone. How many how many were on there?
One two three four five six seven eight nine better gone one other nine total. I see so seven out of nine
It's like 77 like wavc now. Let's see a seventh is what 14% I'll take your word for it. Yes, so seven out of nine is like a lot
No, I'm ninth or 70 I was right the first time about 78% of the sales department gone
And now they got like they hired three new people and like they got lost in a way to work and we can't find where they are
Including the one broad who keeps their cone in sick every day she must have gotten the a load on from Adam on his way out
We wish Adam good luck at w. I. O. D. He'll need it working for
Keep go channel
Anyway, here's the deal on that mock three turbo razor that because Josh is probably listening on the way in getting all the
It does it's got a little battery and you should by the way give me the wrong information there Josh
He said the mock three a gelette well, and the mock three is does not have the it's the mock three turbo
That's the one he was talking about. It's all the battery and they're an ad vibrate
So I think I think Josh want once upon a time to must have found his girls instrument his girlfriend's
Friend and he's in the things that vibrate now
I don't want to say where he like uses a rectum but nevertheless
So he's into the vibrate and he doesn't use this anyways got a broad electric razor
So how can he be an expert on regular razors?
But anyway, I did buy one and it's pretty good good stuff
I said how do you the year mr. Cuba expert?
That's all he knows from his fiddle listen Cuba that in the meantime
He thinks that Maryl was the first one. I said no, you're a few years off. Yeah, like about
Two and a man about 20 anyway
Mcduffy writes only 94 and the alien sagga 73 proven what I said all along media given him much you do about nothing
Everybody who I put that in the same category with the lost chicken aruba right on right in fact not even that because
This wasn't nobody was lost it was just a proud custody case
That's all a personal it was kind of like Terry and her
Nobody else's business but the family right a media media to slimeball Miami family
Now today's pool. I think is very instructive in Tom jukesha
And did you notice that Hank just didn't even batten eyelash?
I don't think he was there at the track with Tom just like I told you I know what's going on
I don't have to be there for all those signings although he might have a good time's autograph
I don't know maybe there was some signing going on there
During willmo where did you get your best information?
355 votes so far TV 94 so we have to assume that's the people that never lost power or got power on very early quickly
Or maybe had battery operated TV like you did right TV audio on radio 83
That's what we had the first day and then we didn't do that no more because we were able to get on the ear and have our people come in
And do a little bit of a public service for a change besides given stupid ball scores
So wqm is a very strong respectable third 67 that's almost 19% little Tommy who liked the job we did and thank god for that because I
Seriously we worked our asses off to try to get some information
I mean like I said at the time I did again a little bit too much like real work for me. I was exhausted
Two weeks of pouring over our hot internet. Yeah, don't do that again. I won't QAM68 internet 59
WI would be 27 now back in the day when we were there when they had a real news department was a real news and talk station
They would have won this poll by a million miles because everybody would have tuned in to them
But nobody does because all I got is a bunch of right wing talk shows on and crap
Sunset and old 12 WDG and 09 I probably should have put F to you
But I didn't my name here old five and the Palm Beach Posts
So lament they only won only one got their info from so not the newspapers didn't do all I want and the newspapers weren't being delivered
Anyway by the by the by or they were most of the people I talked to weren't getting them. Did you get your newspapers during the
Yeah, the one I don't want. Yes, absolutely
Hahaha one that I called to tell them to stop delivering and they're still aren't yes. Yeah. Oh boy
Some of the worst news in history Robert Sheer fired at the LA Times
That's a sign of our times one of the great commas for like about
Many years at the LA Times got fired on Friday as the Nazis start to go take in the whole thing
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
Oh
We're buying the way Brian Wilson would be up on the stand now
Seems he forget that right very a music really should have been can now
You know
Well I'm laughing that called my attorney and he'll come up with a plan now
It'll be no fun fun fun try to take price for this way
Yeah, the time is well since it's a band's up like it's just right now
And since he marked a smile who really have a big body to face now
Here's promotional blitz. She makes me want to be something his face now
Now it'll be no first, first, first try to take Brian's property away.
M32 at QAN, we had the Mollmys to rig to this afternoon, mad dog.
Trees salad hours today, four to seven little bonus for you.
Curtis Stevens in 7 to 1030.
By the way, duct at a whole new schedule on here, aren't you impressed?
Man, is he doing it the way I am?
That is really some heavy duty work.
Her Cade's warm-up will have M32 and I have clearances out there with the beast.
I'm assuming is the beast on that trip, too?
I don't know.
We don't really care.
And Joseph Gatti, of course, well, you know what we think.
Joseph Gatti's stock.
Yeah.
And so we got Hurricane Warm-up in 1030 from Seattle and then the BCA Classic from Seattle, whatever that is.
UN and Air Force basketball, 11 o'clock tonight and that's nobody cares.
I mean, why is that a K-Won to come in like that hour, especially when he's going to be 60 years old pretty soon.
I told you.
So who was closest after all?
I don't remember.
I picked 62.
I picked 58.
And you're 60.
61.
So you're there now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good choice with that M3 Turbo Razer all of you.
You should have mentioned it.
Yeah.
I heard you're a little bit.
Yeah.
Because you only said the M3 Razer.
Well, I have a M3, which I don't know what that one does, but it doesn't have a little battery.
Right.
It doesn't.
Yeah.
It's not a Turbo.
Well, I said the M3 Vibrate.
I didn't know.
Vibrate.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not into buying Vibrate.
It's like you and you're a lady friend.
Okay.
I mean, I'll leave that to you guys.
Okay.
And what I was going to say is the reason it's so big is because you've been shaping with disposable
razors.
Right.
It's big.
And it's heavy.
It's disposable razors.
And it's like, you know, it's so light, you don't even know you're holding it.
And the Razer too.
It's big now.
Yeah.
But the M3 Turbo is pretty.
It's heavy.
But you get used to it and you get used to the little Vibrate.
Which I don't, I don't, I don't need the Vibration.
I mean, if you just shave the way it does without the Vibrating, I'd be just fine.
You know.
But anyway, that's these young pumps, you know, they rub up against a doorframe right
away.
Ah, they start getting all emotional.
Have to change their underwires.
Right.
Robert's here.
This doesn't have to make me change my underwear, but at the other end, Robert's here was
fired Friday from the LA Times without explanation replaced by right wing crazy person Jonah
Goldberg.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Exactly.
The LA Times.
In fact, I was reading up on it trying to get more information about it.
Robert's here with a great liberal columnist.
Oh, that's a dirty waste.
For over 30 years now, if that newspaper, and it's just the way things are going now,
the LA Times was doing some phone telemarketing business and they were calling people up
saying, well, if the, if our newspaper was less liberal, would you be subscribed to it?
How do you like that?
I don't.
So it's a real subtle move, not as everybody.
See, and the bizarre part of it is they're behind.
They don't realize that that's on the way out now is the public finally a little slow on
the uptake.
The public's finally catching on and the polls now show that Bush always points.
Right.
But the big media still owned by them.
No, that's correct.
And the LA Times was brought off by some, according to one blog note I read by some
right, bunch of right wingers.
So all you're going to read is fascist propaganda from now on.
So you better just hang on to us.
So it probably is good that I'm here.
Although I do miss those signings, you know what?
Don't we up?
I told you the first call.
The first child would be a masculine child and the first call would be a great call.
Do you?
That was great.
Oh, I miss those signings.
Oh, yeah.
Man.
Probably a little bit.
Here's some more bad news.
Let's get the bad news out of the way.
Then we'll find the good stuff.
If there was any, I doubt it.
Florida Governor, fat ass jet-bushed, the brother of our president ruled out running for
president in 2008.
But, kind of like David Cassidy, you know, when you do your interviews in Germany, the
news always gets back.
You know how David came out of the, well, kind of, you're fair.
He admitted he was going all three ways in a German newspaper.
And then when the article came out in this country, I didn't really mean it.
I don't speak German and the, it's been, I speak Berlin or whatever.
Anyway, but your fat ass governor left open the possibility of a subsequent bid in an
interview with a German magazine published yesterday.
Fat ass jet-bushed was scheduled to visit Germany this week told, focus weekly.
That's focus, focus, focus weekly.
He had not thought much about running for the office held by his father and older brother
except to rule out the next election at the end of George W. Bush's second term.
You should never say never but.
For the 2008 election, my answer is definitely no, he said in comments translated into German
by the magazine.
Asked whether it is not interesting that the Bushes are in Germany now.
How and what if they got their hip boots on?
They're hit.
Wonder if his wife is like a shoplifting.
Asked whether there's an instrument a leader challenge was possibly said, let's say there's
a vague chance.
Bush 52 said he spoke frequently with his brother and visited the White House whenever
he was in DC, but he said the two may be discussed family matters or sports.
How do you like that?
Family matters or sports?
How about those Texas Rangers?
How do you share doing really good?
Really doing it.
398 votes on the pool.
Let's take a look and see if Tom Dicke was right.
Everybody wanted the TV audio on radio.
During Wilma, where did you get your best information?
TV107 TV audio on radio 95.
Now do we know, we don't really know, do we?
What other stations were like doing their own coverage besides us and IOD and maybe FDR
and JN?
I don't know.
I don't.
Because I'm assuming that most of the FM's just open up the TV audio.
When you think?
You think.
TV audio on radio had 95.
But WQM had 74.
That's not bad at all.
OK, a very strong third place show in which makes us feel a little bit better about
all that tremendous work that we did for a couple of days.
Internet 65, WIOD only 28.
Sun Sentinel 13, WGNO 10, Miami Herald only 5 and a Palm Beach Post still so lamented
that we were going to be in the next day.
I never really wonder, but I had no basis for saying, remember when Shepard Smith, we were
at WIOD on a causeway?
Yeah.
Channel 7 being right next door and we used to see the big celebrities, Ricky Tiki Sanchez
and then the day that, what's your name, came over and bitched me out because I kept
talking about her instruments and belly fits.
Well we used to see Shepard Smith in the parking lot and I would see him.
In fact, he was a big fan of the show when he was in town and he'd say, and he also
going to say, you better, I wouldn't have said it, I would think it.
Well anyway, here's the verification now.
The gay-oriented Houston voice has outed two TV people, news people, and he's the term
news people very loosely.
CNN's Anderson Cooper who sends me straight to the pooper, although it's not as whiny as
Aaron Brown, he has better here.
I think that's what put Aaron over the edge.
The whininess and the short truce PC had made Moes look good.
They've outed CNN's Anderson Cooper and Fox News Channel, Shepard Smith.
Now the reason I was doing that thing about the parking lot and the fact that I was always
aware of that, Chris Channel 7 was basically a fruit farm anyway and probably still is.
It was.
It was a U-pickum, but your good close friend Lynn Samuels who hates you like poison.
Oh, Sheph did this and Sheph, he's always writing that crap about Sheph.
Well, that's the reason because he's, you know, yeah, if there's one thing I cannot,
and I really mean this, I hate to say it, I cannot stand fanghags.
I can't handle it.
I can't stand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't want to understand it.
It makes me nauseous.
So the only qualification you have there for somebody like Glamonde was that you're gay.
Well, I know plenty of people, a lot of them, I wouldn't, I don't want to be anywhere
near around or smell, you know?
It's a pretty strict criteria.
Yeah, that's it.
As long as you're gay, he just loves you.
So this business about she loves me and she loves this show.
Up yours, okay, Lynn, go away.
She also loves the other, that the right wing self-hating piece of dirt.
Miss Fud.
You're fair, yeah.
Anyway, charging that they choose to hide and deceive and to protect their incomes and
images at the expense of contributing important weight and star power to the gay right
civil rights movement.
Managing editor Kevin Nath claims an editorial appearing in the current edition of the
Voice, that's the Houston Voice, that Smith wants to try to pick him up in a gay piano
bar in New York City, that's Sheph.
And that Cooper dodges the question about a sexual orientation in a recent New York magazine
interview by saying the whole thing about being a reporter that you're supposed to be an
observer and be able to adapt with any group you're in.
I don't want to do anything that threatens that.
He's busy watching.
He likes to watch.
He's observing it.
Commented in Nath, does he believe that female and African American reporters like credibility
to cover stories since their minority status is showing?
Good point, Nath, whoever you are.
Kevin, Kevin Nath.
How do you like that?
So, two more.
And so next thing, we'll be right up there with Miss Potter, Mark Potter, Baldhead to Mark
and Richard Slushinger, and who is the one from Pete Wilson?
Pete, uh, isn't that his name?
I don't know.
No, not Pete Wilson, he's the governor of California.
What is his name?
Pete Williams.
Okay.
What is his name?
The guy from Nath, DC.
I keep in track of these gay politicians.
Pete Williams, you know, he used to be the oppressor of Couture for a Clinton Pete Williams
for Christ's sakes.
What's wrong with you, man?
You see?
You better start catching up on your fairies, because you sure don't know.
This is the New York Rogers.
The Fairies 560 QAX.
A exploding ball.
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music program for
Profile Story.
They were from Scotland, where the accents are so thick, they don't even disappear when
you sing, like with regular British people.
They were the proclaimers.
Oh, yeah, I'm very interested, yeah.
The proclaimers were Charlie and Craig Reed, identical to him brothers.
Oh, yeah, I guess I can't believe I did.
The band was unknown in America until their song, recorded in 1988, ended up on the soundtrack
of the film Benny and June in 1993.
Oh, yeah, I'm fucking gonna play the old boo-daw.
What?
Well, we wouldn't say it now.
I mean, couldn't get the proclaimers, could we?
No, sorry.
I'm just an intern here, and they told me to try my best.
This is just great.
So the fact is, the band kind of dropped out of sight.
It said on the internet that they decided raising their families was more important to
them or something.
What are we talking about now?
Well, Benny and June was a Johnny Depp movie.
Johnny Depp, Jesus, I would do Johnny Depp.
Yeah, me too.
What is it about him?
I don't know, I know what you mean.
No, it's like to know you make him and slide off the other seats.
For real, he is hot.
I mean, I'm not gay or anything.
I'm just saying.
No, no, no, you're not.
You have to have anyone's man need to be Johnny Depp's.
Totally.
Different claimers.
Anyone who gets you thinking about Johnny Depp can't be all bad.
It's a big juicy, so big new show business tonight, on Inside the New World.
Yeah, we agree with that.
Stop, let's just ride the show!
Okay, it's 10.46.
Let's get some intensive hockey talk here.
What do you say?
Not just a joke.
Just a joke.
I'll get real quick.
Here's the fact that this is Uncle Neil, I did get a lot of important information from
you after the hurricane.
See, I didn't want to put the neorodgerous one here because I don't want to slide
the rest of our colleagues on the station.
Ready to slide.
Well, yeah, we did.
No, I would have been tacky to do that.
I would have been like self-serving, like patting myself on the back, which I just did it.
Nice job, Neil.
Thank you.
So I didn't put QAM on there.
It says, but the rest of the station was totally useless, is this fact.
Is useless.
No, come on.
What if you wanted to hear about sports?
Right.
Well, that's what it says.
Nobody else could provide any useful information when Mo'Fine came out of hiding.
He just went about his usual sports nerd talk, like nothing had ever happened.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
I would put it over again.
That's absolutely.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, I think it says a vote.
But it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
But for you, it says, but I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
So I would put it over again.
Right.
Come into QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing today?
Great.
Sensational.
Listen I got a call to thank you.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I have been transformed into the body wash.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
Iam.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
I am.
Y.
XXX.
video and self-flow. The only reward I get is twice a month in the envelope and that's
plenty. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah.
We're on time. I got it right, you man. Great. Yeah, sure, Mr. Signing's, don't you?
I do, I do. Hey, I wanted to weigh in on the body wash and a few other things if you've
got some time. I got a four hours. Okay, first off on the body wash. I've tried it,
I used it occasionally, but it's just for me with a lot of easier to just take a dime.
I throw out a gigantic dove and just rub myself all over with it. Okay.
It's just there, individual things. I don't know why you say it's easier. What's easier
about it? Well, why is that easy? Okay, I tell you, with the body wash, you got the pump,
you got the pump, you got to put it here. There's no, I don't have, I've got a dozen
bottles of body washing, there's no one that's got a pump on it. That's hand soap.
You're not even buying the right stuff. Body wash doesn't have a pump.
There's no, not the ones that I'm getting, huh?
You're just like a squeezed bottle. I'm just squeezing, I'm going to get a bottle too.
Well, I'll try that one next. And like, did you say that you can't stand the hammer?
Yeah, I hate the hammer. I can't stand the lever, but I got to watch you show because
he's got such good guts on the patch. The ability to sit around in the country.
Yeah. Well, maybe they've just shut him up. Put a gag on his mouth and shut him up.
Well, you know, that would then be sure it would be perfect. Yeah.
And, yeah, you know, that's all I got, man.
Okay. Have a great day, pal. And book up a little bit. You know, anybody that says it's
faster and easier to use soap to take a shower is a dreamer. And that's another reason
you need either your luffa or leafa or a washcloth or something. Because you, I mean, what
kind of a life is it when we have to instruct the audience and how to take a shower?
There's something what's wrong with this picture, huh?
You squeeze your bottle and you learn the amount that you put on there. Okay. With me, the
luffa, you just cover the whole surface of it and I close up the bottle, put it back on
the shelf. And at that point, you know, you just wet the luffa before you put the stuff
on it so it absorbs it. And at that point, you got to have to take a, do you actually have
enough under to do two showers? Right. Now, do you save the ass for last? Well, the ass
you got to do with your hand. You don't stick a luffa in your ass. Okay. Good guy. Are
you crazy? No, maybe you do. I don't know. He's got that vibrating one that guy was calling
about. I want to go buy whatever you don't stick your luffa in that crack. Okay. In the crevice.
Maybe a sickle candy in the crevice so you're sweet all day, but nevertheless crack
is wet. No, that part you've got to like make sure with because I don't know why I'm
not going into a hood. You're not leading me down that road. You're not treating me
down that highway. Okay. I don't want to say what highway? Are you not leading me down
that highway today? No, that part you got him to do the old hand deal. But nevertheless,
no, seriously, but that stuff in the lathers up so much that as you're like putting it
on, it's like you realize your arms under your, the whole deal, man, your legs, your feet,
your ankles, you're taking like 10 times the shower of a clean all that schmutz off of
yourself as you did with the old soap. And that last guy, I think he's doing the soap
rectum. It's not a good idea. Very bad. Especially like Sally used to say if he can't
get it out. This is Neil Rogers. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain.
As you know, I have been suspended a toe that I cannot play football for the rest of
the season. I may put a foot off there and this is what I do. It really hurts me not
to be a part of the team anymore. I came here to help the gamers get to the Super Bowl
and win the big game. When I got hurt last year and everyone said my season was over,
I felt hard to prove the world was wrong and do everything properly including the risk
of my career. And I think the mentality that I have, my greatest strength, I guess I'm
not in my greatest position. So you are Father Dines. You're parry.
Things about terror always back your back to terror always.
Absolutely. You can't come back to terror always. They keep going back to the wall.
They need you so badly but you're added to it.
So we thought you gave a college's terror.
Toad down its volume now terror. Still they look down on you terror.
Your pathology they can't see.
It's time that you sponsor us to your coach and me.
To my coach and me, I owe you a lot of money. We had a lot of wins together and I thank you for that.
I respect you as a coach and as a person.
Just a little way please. It's 11.15. Jesse Jackson's all been out of shape about that.
The grandstanding exploitation expert Jesse Jackson will get to that. The Reverend Jesse.
When he's not worried about that love child, he's worried about T.O. not Toronto but Terrell Owens.
Who needs to be Terrell Owens. I think God punished him for changing the way we pronounce his name.
Don't you? Oh that's it. 474 votes on the poll. That's okay. That's spectacular.
During Wilma, where did you get your best information?
TV 120. The TV audio on radio 110. That's what time Jekyll was all whipped up about.
But WQAM 90 almost as many as TV audio on radio. So I guess we probably did the right thing.
But I just leave in the TV audio on there all at the two weeks.
Well, we could add a couple weeks off. We love to make it. Next time.
Yeah. Next hurricane. Get that TV audio on there. In fact, maybe we could have Tom Jekyll calling in from home and interspersing a few stupid comments.
QAM 90. Internet 76. WIOV only 41. Boy, how the mind. And of course I granted we're doing it with our audience.
So you know that. Excuse it. There's no question about that.
But they just aren't the news force. No mole because that's cheap channel for you.
Good luck, Adam. You'll need it. Although he's probably making a right move. You know what?
I like those months of tax and wasn't cheap channel, but it was fun. No, I really did. I enjoy that in a way.
There was some trying times we had at the drunken PD. Well, we had two drunken PDs, but nevertheless.
And we had the traffic lady, the militant bitch traffic lady.
Yeah, right. Right. And then we had the the Jew for Jesus traffic lady.
Right. There was running around picking a Jews for Jesus or whatever she was.
But nevertheless, it was more like a real radio station, tax and I OD.
Certainly. And I'll say this for her. Make sure how to know how to sell it.
Show remember those days I do. We were always sold out. Always.
And they got to have a lot. They know how to do it as opposed to a Cox broadcasting.
Hey, you're doing exactly what your specialty is. Okay. Just open up the pot, put a bunch of slush on a year, black,
slush, white, slush. That's what you guys at Cox broadcasting are real good at.
Okay. Because broadcasting ain't you? It's just too much hassle. Too many too much grief.
Too much puking in a waist basket. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. I don't want to mention no names of anybody.
Tuking in a waist basket, but that's embarrassed. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah.
Hey, and Mike have another one. That's not 1130 yet, but it's not too early QAM 91.
The Internet 77, I OD only 41. The Sun sent only 14 WGNO 12, 9M,
Healed 6 and the Palm Beach post five out of 479 vote.
Here is something that I think is really very important. You won't either one of you.
Anybody else, but I do. This is from the hero Justin. It says America.
You can keep your red lobster, your Broadway musicals, your trading spouses,
and keep your Aston, your iPods, Newbo, Hipster, bowling, L.A.S.
47-year-old Madonna in purple leg warmers and every desperate housewife on a planet.
We know what reigns as the king of American popular culture.
The number one show in syndication for two decades, and you know what it is.
Wheel. Oh, torture. Oh, what?
What are you going to tell me? Japanese? You're going to start giving me that crap again, Japanese.
The answer is...
Boring, boring, coma inducing, and the suits, man.
A show for sueds. And that Canadian Alex Trebek that silly canuck.
In a second day searching for potential vowel buyers, the wheel had drawn nearly a thousand want to be contestants
to the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel in Casino yesterday.
Nearly a thousand people there. It's got a picture here of the crowd.
How's the ugly? Huh? Housewives mostly.
Mostly. And did you see this? No.
Were you right? They waited along lines, praying that their names would be plucked from a hopper so they could come on down and solve a mock puzzle.
Come on down. Isn't that the wrong show? I would say.
I see a lot of energy and feel a lot of love here, shouted, Marty Lublin, a 30-something actor.
A 30-man!
Who is the show's Travel and Pat Say Jack? He's the one that gets everybody whipped up.
Let's get crazy. Let's get nuts, Lublin, boom. Up, up, up.
Isn't that what the little kid was saying in the guy father when Marlon Brando fell down when he was doing the spring the oranges?
Up, up, up. Remember that? I do. Yeah.
No, he wasn't doing no more. He was all done.
The audience left to their feet and hooded trusting hands and babies in the air.
Lublin embraced an exchange requisite game show banter with the chosen few who would eat around or mostly women.
A large percentage were school teachers.
Ah, ha, ha.
Yeah. One woman perred into the microphone. I'm a housewife and I'm very, very desperate.
Well, that must be her right there, yeah.
Now, there's actually some good looking chicks in this picture here.
And one good looking guy. The other one looks like me really ugly.
They eat soaps, they name me really ugly. They eat soaps, they name me letters.
These safer variety like Hs and R as well as standard and vanna wrote the letters in black marker.
The illuminated panels are for the big time in LA if you're lucky enough to make it past Lisa D.
The executive director for marketing and promotion that Sony picture television which also produced smarter sibling Jeopardy.
Smarter student looking at intellectual D is looking for contestants who have the whole package.
Uh-oh. Can they make the quick decisions? Do they understand the letter combination?
Do they have stage presence in actual enthusiasm? She said, I like to compare it to getting into a really great college.
Oh, yeah, they got some real rocket scientists on that show. Oh, brother. Some of the dumbest bastards.
Can they make quick decisions? Do they understand letter combination? They have stage presence.
Bouncing as if she had down 17 red bulls from the casino bar. Christina Perry, 25th Jacksonville.
Want a chance to audition a second time? Yeah, they were bouncing.
It's amazing to think I could play a game. I've watched my whole life practically.
She said hugging her winnings a red wheel fanny pack a spin this travel mug. Yes, spin this a t-shirt and teach and I'm just shaking.
She said, oh, man. I wouldn't you be with all those all that booty to take home. Yeah.
Big booty. Yeah, Lynn Downs of Hollywood described appearing on wheel as a once in lifetime opportunity.
Sunday was the second time the 38 year old public events coordinator stood online next to Downs.
Bowling for dollars. I had to ball up and my thumb just swells. She said the ball flew in the air came down in the gutter.
I couldn't die. She said, oh, that's bad for thumb swell.
By the end of auditions on Sunday, Krause's name wasn't called, but she was optimistic.
The show is keeping everybody's name a lot of it for potential contestants stand by.
I could get a phone call for that. She said you never know. You know what that reminds me of?
What? I'm sure you're thinking probably the same thing.
Oh, yeah. I'm going to be on television.
Yeah. I'm going to be on television.
No, you're not Sarah. Hey, Sarah, they were just fun. Are you okay?
What a great movie. You got to stop that, man. Yeah.
He was great. Jennifer common.
Ellen Burstin was great. Everybody was great.
Right. Writing everything. We went through that whole thing on Thursday.
We never let's do it again. And then Josh and Miguel stiff me on Friday because I had my Alzheimer's kick in.
And I said, I said, I said about Alex Baldwin came up. And I said, well, what the hell?
How about Alex Baldwin as the millionaire in that picture? I couldn't think of Team America world police.
And then Josh is Josh's response is excused for not being able to jump right in with it.
Well, he would have said puppets instead of Mary Annette's.
I would have got it. I'm not going to know. You don't know your puppets, Mr. I think that right now.
Well, we'll have a seminar on it. This is a stock puppet. Right? This is a very rare event.
Yeah. They ain't no puppets in Team America world police. They're Mary Annette's.
This is a shadow puppet. No strings attached. This is a muppet.
Yeah. You just don't know you're a crap. 5, 6, 7, 0.
But he doesn't always raises though even though he doesn't use it because he's a macho guy that likes that brawn.
That real manly brawn razor. You know, the one that gives you like real rash all over your neck.
It's really extensive. Well, I wasn't. And you got the big bucks like he is.
You've got that big raise now. Whatever happened with that. If they come through or not. No.
What's that all about? No, seriously. What's that all about?
I know. Nothing's going on right now. What do you mean? In other words, they told you not getting it?
They haven't told me anything. No, well, that means you're going to get it.
Because when Clarence comes back from his basketball being a juvenile sports nerd crap on Wednesday,
I'm going to raise holy hell about that.
I reminded him that a week from Friday is payday again the 25th.
See, one thing I've discovered with these bastards, if you start reminding him like about 10 days ahead,
when you get the last check, that's when you start reminding him about the next one. And where it works.
It works. Since I started doing that, I really nudged him and pestering him, taking a page out of my mother's songbook,
just pest every day. It's payday and eight days. It's payday and seven days of the text he'd shown up on time.
Oh, and there's that woman again from Jordan. How many thousand times have we seen that over the weekend?
Off my screen at Schmath ahead. Okay. Yeah. What does she pull the cord and blow her up this time?
That's it. Pull the cord and see if it's still a detonating or not. Okay. And get it over with already.
There's wonderful Jordanians that we love so much. Like we're kidding somebody.
Somebody QA and hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great.
I heard something on the TV that now corporate America is well-channel and all these retirement plans.
And now we've got to pay off everybody's retirement plans too, that all these unions, these car business unions,
were the ones responsible for it in the first place. Yeah. Click slam. Yeah. It's the union people.
Right. That's right. All these car business unions. Oh, God. Call up Richard Frum and have a good chat on the phone.
Okay. And talk about what being a self-hating to is all about. Or maybe you miss a bunch.
You won't be long distance. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Okay. Good. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Great. No. Yes, sir. I think Gally calls when she'll be on us commercials with Kirstie Alley.
He looks like a Foucault probably. Yeah. So you agree? I haven't seen him lately. Yeah. He was in that thing.
He was a Marianette movie, that puppet movie though. And Alexander Louisiana helped in the build house.
And people don't have any. I saw him on a newspaper. He was like 300 now.
Well, maybe somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his back. Don't you ever know?
We're not getting him to choose with Kevin. What's his name? Spacey. I don't know. It was a bicycle pump.
Okay. How many votes we got on that poll now? Our goal today is 500. We got 498. Then we can go home.
498 vote during. Will. Where did you get your best information? TV 126. I see. I don't understand how many people had their TVs gone.
But they must have all had portable TVs battery operated or generators and generators. That's correct. All of it together.
All of these things TV audio on radio 119. The stations adjusted the lazy thing.
It opened up the pot and put the TV sound on it. We did that one day only for the protective aura.
I hope that they don't want to get sued. WQA. I'm 92. That's 18.5%. Not too shabby if you asked me. And you're welcome. Internet 79.
Oh, there's a Jordan again. There's that Radisson hotel. We're getting real tired of them. Internet 79. WI would be 44.
You see, it's really interesting. But all these schmattans over there. When as long as it was somebody else, then it was okay.
Then they had their mouth shut. No, that's okay. And we like Osama a lot. And now that happened to them.
Oh, my God. We're in dignant. We're marching. We're protesting. Well, you know what? Screw you guys. Okay. Screw you.
WIOD 44. Sun Sentinel 15. WGN012. Miami-Herald 7. Palm Beach post 5 out of 502. Oh, we got our goal. We're in rest easy.
And now we can sit back and relax. Let's go. Just like that sales bitch now who calls and sick every day.
I don't want to tell anybody who told us that. But now our whole sales department's bailing out by the way. I want you to know that.
So Joel over there across the street. We got the big numbers. You don't have any numbers. And you're spending an arm and five legs for a really horseball of football team.
That's like three and six. That's an embarrassment. They really are bad. I mean, seriously, if ever there was a day where they were going to win.
With all the injuries that the Patriots had and encountered during the game during the first recorders yesterday had to be that day.
Even Josh would agree with that. I would agree with that. But I mean, how could you all medley tank of facility?
Let's take a listen. There's a fire in medley helicopter pilot flying over the area with WFLR, the affiliate.
Actually, we're trying to get that in right now. As soon as we get that, we'll be in the air.
Today, liquid asphalt tank farm in some food in middly. There's a fire. Look at that. Look at the old flames. They're in a big black house.
It's not really a big deal. But it's, you know, they got the pictures and they got WFLR.
We made that fire. Oh, a lot of smoke. They're blowing a lot of smoke on CNN 1113. By the way, speaking of CNN, how's Anderson Cooper doing?
You're fair. And speaking of Fox, how is your buddy? Shepto? You're fair. That was great. I love that. Yeah.
I think that as long as these people keep staying in a closet, it's about time to drag their ass out. You know what I'm saying?
When a down-drugger asked out enough already with his closet tight, it's stand up and be a real man who is close as you're ever going to be.
Kicking and screaming? Screaming, right? Well, especially chef. She's a screamer.
And this is Gorton Litty. And they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Absolutely.
Totally, totally, totally.
I'm praying now for my name.
Oh, but I don't get this damn busy. This season will really start coming out of there.
We're probably out like duck. It's a free season. It's under the bridge.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I don't want to catch it.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
Okay, 19.5.6.
We got the molemyster at 2 o'clock. Is everybody ready for that? No.
I'm all rarer to go.
The no mad surf shop in Vich lost thousands of dollars after Hurricane Wilma.
Without power for days, the store couldn't open.
Water ruined merchandise damage equipment.
Weston Smith, who lives in Hollywood and works as an announcer at a radio station.
Laws power is out of a job until his employer prepares damage from Wilma.
Weston Smith, you know who that is?
Never heard of it.
He works at an announcer at a radio station. They don't say which one though.
Yet, maybe we'll get to it. I doubt it though.
I'm scratching my head trying to figure out how to pay my bills, Ed Smith,
who came here from Jamaica mine.
Oh, well, in that case, that caron narrows down the station.
I guess the normal which one, but I always pay them on time,
but the storm came along.
I've had extraordinary expenses.
Don't have any income right now. I'm having a hard time.
said Weston Smith.
This year's Hurricanes caused a stress and financial pain for millions and so forth.
Speak out of the Hurricanes by the way.
What girls team are they playing next week?
Do you mean this week, Georgia Tech?
Oh, brother.
Well, what kind of a schedule do they play?
What do you mean?
The series of the line?
Huh? Georgia Tech's ranked.
Get out of the rank.
You put on too many letters on there. They're ranked.
Get out of here.
You women, the little girls team.
See, they played like a marginal team.
Oh, well, we shouldn't have played FSU in the first game.
Well, it was also their first game, wasn't it?
It's a lot of lame excuse that is.
It's so typical of them crybabies at UM.
Yeah, yeah, we lost the game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So now they got to play like all the little girls teams
the rest of the season, hoping they can build up a really impressive record.
They make me sick.
This year's Hurricanes caused a stress and financial pain
for millions in South Florida.
Some lost their homes, businesses, and livelihoods.
All will have to dig in their own pockets to get their lives back to normal.
Florida plunder and loot and its stockholders, however,
will feel a little financial discomforts as this article
in the prestigious Sun Sentinel.
The company will pass along and be paired with Hurricane Katrina's Reeda and Wilma.
Now it's ended more than a half a billion dollars.
To its 4.3 million customers, most of whom will have in South Florida, of course.
An F-1000 scribe is already paying hefty search argen to cover last year's
will have to swallow another big rate height January 1.
Average residential bills will then jump by 19% or more month to pay for more fuel costs.
What's going on here says the article doesn't have PL pay for anything.
Not what it comes to huge outlays like Hurricane Repairs and Fuel
will use to generate electricity.
Under Florida's regular tourist system, the company gets to build customers
for these expenses.
The shareholders mean while continuing to collect their dividends
and watch the prices of their stock grew up like that jackass they call last was it Friday.
Oh, they work for me.
Why are you knocking them?
Everybody had their power back in three days.
You should live so long you greedy bastard you.
I hope that the bird of paradise comes down and drops HV5N1 virus on your ass.
Everybody he knew.
Yeah.
All the people on his fellow stockholders had their power back in three days.
News of sharply higher power bills, exasperated customers still trying to figure out how to pay for their own storm damage.
It's very unfair.
It said Aaron Morris manager the surf shop, which can't get Hurricane Insurance
because it's on a barrier island.
Nobody is paying us back for lost sales.
Are we going to get a break for going on without power?
No, they're just going to keep on taking.
How can the government allow them to get away with robbing us?
This is a troche that Smith and Holley would come on the surcharges.
And look what we're facing next year.
The Public Service Commission grants them whatever they want.
And he happens to be...
Absolutely correct sir.
...Tala Hassey based commission which regulates Florida Plunder Relute and other rail utilities must approve
any rate increases in surcharges.
It's been given to us in a field.
Whatever it asks.
I'll mean read that again.
It typically gives us a field.
Whatever it asks.
In other words they have a license to steal.
This stick their hand right in your wallet to scratch your toe.
It'll bitten grab whatever you got in there and take it and run.
And laugh.
These charges while very unpopular are legal.
A regulated investor owned utility, I think,
is an odd duck in the business world.
They're an odd duck all right.
Yeah, duck them.
With the monopoly on electric power much of the end,
the air deducts were supposed to be avoiding the ducks now because they're at bird flu again.
So even the aflack duck, Yogi won't touch them without your hand.
With the monopoly on electric power much of the state FBL plays by different
rules for most companies.
Out of the state's regulatory system, FBL and other electric companies like progress
energy, golf power and tamper electric can if regulators approve make customers pay for
damage, rock by who retains and other natural disasters.
The commission is a five-member panel afforded by the fat ass governor.
FBL says that its intelligence as a surcharges under law that they were properly approved by regulators
sounds like they got a great package as Rockcash Shankar,
Ravi's brother, and economist with economy.com, an independent research group,
and regulated in this region normally control the transfer of these types of cost on the consumer.
If any type of cost increases past longer the consumer it defeats the purpose of regulators.
Good point, Rockcash.
In one form or another, recovery storm damage is common practice in many American utilities
who are going to troll your grades, I can directly,
National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners, a group that includes regulatory bodies like Florida's PSC.
As for fuel, customers and other power companies also cover this cost,
just as airline passengers observe a higher jet, a price F fuel.
After Andrew and 92 regulators approved the plan under which FBL collected small monthly payments from customers
about 23 cents on average residential bill,
and accumulated money in a storm reserve fund to pay for or came repair.
Insurance that our power lines and polls, the most vulnerable parts of the system,
you know those rotten poll, the rotten splitting polls,
became prohibitively expensive and dried up so that if they all spoke, then they'll swank.
Storm restoration is part of the overall cost of making and delivering electricity to our customers,
when we get it. For that reason, the PSC allows us to recover prudently improved storm expenses from our customers.
Yeah, Yamama bill, Yamama.
By 2004, the fund had about $354 million,
FBL spent that an last year's storm of person needing an additional $533 million.
During hearings earlier this year, regulators allowed them to collect almost the entire amount.
Harold McClain, the State's Public Council and Consumer Advocate, questioned the decision
which will take money out of taxpayers' pockets until 2008,
and that's not so great, but don't pay late because they'll shut your name power off.
Including Mike Mayer who wants you to hold a dollar back to make a big protest.
Yeah, hold this Mike. Hold the mail.
So tragic.
It kind of reminds me of Chuck Meyer, and it was a turnpike.
Maybe he's going to have that big campaign and Ricken says jump on the bandwagon.
I kind of, I realized I didn't want to jump on it, lemon, so I stayed off.
What were we supposed to do?
Take the quarters and like my magic marker amount.
I said.
When you put the turnpike tool in,
put a magic marker thing through the turnpike tool.
So as a way of protest, I have no idea what that meant.
And they went ahead and increased it anyway, in which we all knew they were going to do.
I mean, black ink on the quarters didn't stop them?
No.
I think maybe like maybe a quarter in there,
if they would have done a job all the way every time they stood up, they kept falling out like me green.
But nevertheless a quarter or what?
Your foot.
26 past 11.
That Chuck Meyer show, that would have been a real winner if I would have just jumped on his red hand.
He's a best I love.
Those interviews, he's really great.
Yeah.
What a horrible show.
We wanted a reneary back, but they can't no wonder Mike is dead.
You know what?
I think Chuck Meyer's got his blood on his hand.
They broke it.
They broke poor Mike.
Had to go up here to Palm Beach and work on it and make believe station up there.
And like just horrible.
Here's a good guy showed up every day with his flask.
A great guy with a blue jacket man, a good guy.
Mike reneary, they screwed him over.
He made them a lot of money for a lot of years.
Well, I made a decision.
We're going to let that go.
We're going to make a Bob Green.
I'll tell you, there's a guy to your face is your good buddy Bob Green.
He airs a backstabber.
The old jays, when they made that song, they were thinking about him.
Just keep that in mind.
Next time you take him to that swing club to try to get his ugly ass laid.
Just keep that in mind.
Okay.
Piece of turd.
Still best of friends, right?
Still best of friends.
Don't come in on Monday.
Don't come in on Tuesday.
Remember that?
I do.
Yeah.
Best friend, my ass, Bob Green.
Silly goose.
I wonder what he and Cheryl used to come back all the shovels from lunch every day.
When 27 passed, all there's a president leaving for China.
He's going to Mongolia.
I wonder if he'll meet any Mongolian idiots there.
He's going to try this out.
Korea, Japan, Alaska.
Oh, he's all over the place.
Any place but here.
And he still hate him.
He went to Latin America, thought he was going to give a little reprieve.
Get out of Dodge.
Now he'd be there too.
The guy, your breath, they're beautiful.
He has Gabriel Thales.
She keeps the neighbors talking on Wisteria Lane.
But it's actress Eva Longoria, who has the whole country talking.
And when she wanted to tell her story, she talked to us.
I want sex.
Has sex always been something that you have?
Yeah, absolutely.
Can you handle a gardener?
Hello.
Yes, I could tell you a team of gardeners.
A team of gardeners.
Six.
You have made some surprisingly candid remarks.
Like they've got about sex.
Have I?
Come on.
I love sex.
Racy.
Yeah, he may have it.
I've done it.
When Take Long continues.
This is hysterical.
Are you watching CNN?
Yeah.
Developing story.
You know what?
It reminds me of it.
It's like you took a dump, a trash dump.
You know, and they're bringing like a little bunch of stuff.
And fire is like almost completely out of fire.
I'd lick what ass-ball tank farm in South Florida.
And it's like, I guess nothing else is going on today.
And there aren't any more soldiers down here.
Like, in the 1960s, we can't even keep track.
And then, of course, we got female suicide bombers
that were getting sick and tired of you.
I heard it.
The third of me is pushing.
Yeah, we could be watching her again instead of this.
So, like I said, I'm all excited about this.
Look, it's a quonset hut.
Yeah, it's a quonset hut.
And it's got like a little fire in it.
And they're picking water on it.
And there's nothing going on.
It's on the middle of nowhere.
And why you're taking such a precaution?
Absolutely.
The explosion thing took all of it there.
And like I said, I haven't physically got to the area.
Yeah, well, that's good.
But when you watch it on CNN, you don't have to go there, Captain.
There's your fire, what's it?
Al Cruz.
They fire rescue.
He's cruising at it.
56670560.
Let's hear it for those patriots.
Let me see it again.
Oh, all these clowns in denial.
We're going to have to help our game yesterday in the oil.
And you're going to see Ronnie Brown and Ricky.
We're going to have to suck.
Let's face it.
Playing a bunch of guys like these guys all had casts on.
Okay, it's other than Brady and Teddy Bruskey.
Just about everybody else on the line of defense and offense is playing like
with them.
They had walkers and the canes and crutches.
And they still went on kick their ass.
Pretty sad, man.
Pretty, pretty sad situation for the 73,000 plus amounts.
They're at Dolphins stadium, I asked.
Pretty sad.
Just like your Panthers, man, blow in every game in the last few seconds.
That was shocking.
That was just unbelievable, unacceptable.
Outranges.
But then again, does anybody really care?
No.
In fact, every discussion I see on TV here on the sports and their channels,
when they talk about which NHL teams have got to go in the next couple of years,
they start with Carolina.
They don't draw flies.
Carolina, Atlanta, Florida Panthers, and a couple of others.
And I hide not so much.
You duck.
So you better go out there and see your team pretty soon, boys.
In fact, the Panthers play the Canadian's on Tuesday.
Is that game?
That's in there, isn't it?
It's gotta be.
Because they were just in Montreal here a week or two ago.
So they must be right there, Josh.
All right.
Well, it says here, Panthers at the Montreal canadians and then at Ottawa.
Is that true?
They're back in Canada again.
I doubt it.
But that's what it says on my schedule.
I love it.
So that's wrong.
Somebody check out the Panthers.
See if it's a home game on Tuesday and Thursday, or if they're actually in Canada again?
Volker residents says, how about listing 850?
Yeah, that's where I should put that on there.
850.
Okay.
It's WFTL.
Okay.
Well, I should have done that, but I have no idea what they are or any of that.
That's a station that normally used to be on.
That's got a point.
Oh.
It's got even lower numbers than Joel station.
It says, how about listing 850 WFTL?
You're list most of these stations, radio and TV.
You don't realize radio waves don't stop traveling when they get to the county line.
So WFTL, DMA, come on and say, Monroe, Dayton, Broward schools are closed.
Then, in any way, Palm Beach schools are open.
Same as true for WGNO, which overlaps into Broward.
At least 850 doesn't discriminate.
And we sure as hell didn't either, okay?
We did Broward, a date and Palm Beach in that order, right?
Right.
Because I think that's our, that's where our audience is.
Number one in, number two in date and number three in Palm Beach.
By the way, it is in Montreal.
It is in Montreal.
Yeah.
So the Panthers aren't home, so have no fear.
Autopanetians are pretty hot, man.
They've got a hell of a team.
At least speed me up the night, but that was a fluke.
That was a fluke gold tied it up.
But the Panthers are out of course, auto on Thursday.
You can put that already in the lost column.
I don't want to be a pessimist, but talk that up in the lost column already.
As Joe Angel would say, boy, we sure miss Joe Angel.
Now, who would you rather work with?
Dave Ann Boring or Joe Angel?
Oh, sorry.
Did you, were you doing the games when Joe was still there or not?
Yeah.
How many seasons has they been there now?
Two or three?
Five.
Five?
Yeah.
Five?
Yeah.
Holy moly rat man, and he never got excited once during that time.
At least not during the game, maybe at home, but not during the game.
And the Marlins win the World Series.
Oh, that's all thick of an out.
Yeah.
He's terminal man.
See, that's what I hate.
I just, you know, I mean, as much as I like Hank and he's a great guy,
but he hangs around with all these losers and then he's got to defend them.
You know, there's nothing wrong with saying that your friends are losers when it comes to their work.
Huh?
Once upon a time for about 10 minutes, Stan Major was a friend of mine.
I see a broadcast.
Oh, no, he's just a tragic is what he is.
Sad.
Sad guy.
I feel bad.
No, I don't.
How's that two grand coming by the way?
I'd be worth about a half a million by now Stan, but keep it.
It's well worth the investment to keep him in a distance.
Come in to QAM.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Is this George?
No, this is Neil.
Connor.
Neil?
Yes.
Uncle Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Wow.
I'm listening to you live and it's not coming.
Now because you're on delay, forget about it.
Oh, that's a list.
Okay.
If you want to hear the sound of your own voice, get a Campbell soup can and talk into it.
Okay, let's talk right back at you.
But if you want to talk to me, let's forget about the ready.
Please, please.
Okay, I'm calling from Seabring.
It took me an hour.
Please.
Seabring.
Oh my God.
He's his country.
Exactly.
Holy moly.
He's bright.
Very happy and very belated.
We're going to say number one.
Thank you.
Shout out to George.
Well informed.
Here's a shout out to George.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
Okay, listen, listen.
If you're a God, he's your same Peter.
Okay.
No comment.
I'm your Peter.
Well, whatever.
As long as you're circumcised.
You both keep me up to speed on the cultural crowd because moving up here after born and raised
in Miami, 55 years.
Uh-huh.
But just tell me it's like Miami was in the 50s.
But I have two suggestions.
Yes.
One.
Please refer to the Jeb Maistre by a more appropriate name, the Smuggler's Husband.
Okay.
Don't you think?
No.
I'm still going to come to the fat ass governor.
I think he's the Smuggler's Husband.
Well, how about the Smuggler's Husband fat ass governor?
I do.
Okay.
I like that.
And the second in last, and I love you, why doesn't Congolian Lisa suggest to America?
What should we buy that?
A.S.
Huh?
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to George.
He's listening to George.
He's listening to George.
Go ahead, please.
What's the occasion?
Why doesn't America and these other wonderful countries make it a law that when they discover
the suicide bomber's identity make it mandatory that they imprisoned their whole family members
18 and up.
18 and up.
What do you mean 18 and up?
It's the kids that are 15 and 17 and up.
It's the 11th and 12th.
18 days and up by say.
Well, that's also good.
Right.
Well, it's pretty similar.
We're going to have suicide bombing babies pretty damn soon.
I know.
But he's smart.
They keep producing like rabbits, like the gypsies.
Like the...
Well, listen, you have a great thing in Sebring and exactly.
Have a great day.
You too, love you.
See ya.
Okay.
See, we got a lady.
It's not even Nunea.
She was great.
She was good.
Oh, well, you always try to drag these well-intentioned people down the path of perversion.
Okay, no wonder George hates you like poison.
And as the George Rodriguez blow up, she's got a voodoo now.
She keeps sticking it.
568 votes on a pool.
We got a hundred and eight.
We got 19% little Tommy.
Eat your heart out.
This idiot, me, you rock.
You're teary.
You're this is 5.16.2.8.
Right now on access Hollywood.
Jennifer, you got a couple movies coming out soon.
And you got some pretty hot love scenes.
It's funny.
It's exciting.
The paparazzi's got some pictures of you and Vince Vaughan, you and Clive Owen.
Are you?
It's something that he's, I mean, I really...
I'm high, you are.
How many guys are you with?
I've never counted.
A ballpark figure.
I would say maybe, maybe 150.
What's the situation?
No.
Explosive action.
Jennifer, you might be interested in this.
What does that say, though?
It's a life-like solar-powered sex toy.
What's going on?
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
I bet it was just a Mach 3 razor.
Possibly.
That's all it was.
It was the Mach 3 Turbo razor that Josh has so excited about.
Even when he uses his brawn, his brown.
Right.
That Michael Medved.
Hey, Michael.
You're fair right wing.
You know, the movie critic yet.
Let's just keep bringing a parade of right wing jackasses on there.
That's all you people do, okay?
You will lunatics in the media.
You bastard you.
Anyway, Doug Thompson, Kepple and Hill Blue, you're very favorite writer
and you're very favorite website.
That's right.
Wait until you hear the title of his column today.
I have the one from over the weekend that I'm going to get to later on.
But this one we need to put on right now.
Vernon Hell, Mr. President.
See, one thing I like about this guy is he's very low-key, you know?
He's really sorry.
But there's the fire and medley again.
He needs developments in the air.
Oh, let's hear the latest developments on it.
But there's just like a little fire, water, fishing on the fire.
And there's nothing going on.
It's like the middle of an empty thing there.
There's nothing going on.
But nearby mobile homes have been evacuated.
See, if you haven't learned already from my 75 hurricanes,
that being in Florida in a mobile home is probably not a really good idea.
Maybe a pup tent would even be better.
Huh?
Quantset hut?
Well, like the one they were showing us at that line right on a plan.
Doug Thompson writes,
My first reaction when I read the transcript of George W. Bush's Veterans Day speech was anger.
No, not anger.
Rage. Blind rage.
How dare he, I thought.
Not even the lowest scum sucking son of a bitch in politics would stoop to using a data one or those who served their country.
Would stoop to use that data to promote his lies based illegally more election size and mass murder call the invasion of Iraq.
2065 dead by the way, three more yesterday.
Yes, he would.
George W. Bush is a pathetic, pitiless graph of subhuman trash who lacks any shred of decency or morality.
So why wouldn't he desecrate the memories of those who serve our nation?
As a journalist, I'm expected to be dispassionate about events in those who shape them.
But I can't be so when it comes to Bush.
He's a liar and a traitor to the oath he swore when we came present in the country and now we're so hard to destroy.
Bush is much, much more than just a bad president.
He is a genuinely evil man, a raving lunatic who can't face the fact that his insane politics have destroyed a once-great company called America.
George Bush's America is an arrogant bully, distressed, advised allies, hated by most of the rest of the world,
and divided internally by his divisive duplicitous actions.
I can no longer regard this maniac with journalistic dispassion.
I may be a journalist, but I'm an American first and as an American, I can't stand silent as a truly evil man destroys the country I love.
Pearl Show Most Americans share my distrust of Bush.
We all see him for what he is, a dishonest opportunistic political beast who lets nothing stand in the way of his unbridled lust for power.
He speaks of God at one moment and then calls those who dare to disagree with him, mother effort is the next.
He has without blinking an eye, sent more than 2,000 American military men and women along with countless thousands of Iraqi civilians to their deaths and a senseless invasion based on manufactured evidence and outright law.
Then he has the gall to stand up on the day we set aside to honor those who served and continued to promo with his lies and call those who see the truth's traders away the enemy.
Sorry George, your lies don't play here with the majority of Americans.
It is you who is sold out your country, who is a trader and who is committed treason against your office, your country and humanity.
God may one day forgive you for your sins, but I can't.
Neither can the wives, the husbands, the parents and relatives of those who are sent to die for your dirty little war.
Neither can the members of those who served those who were honored on Veterans Day and those whose members you so callously disordered with your propaganda's path.
On second thought, I'm not even sure God can forgive you for what you've done.
You've lied and you killed in those sins that even an understanding God may have a little trouble forgiving.
If there is justice in the afterlife, you'll stand and face that justice for your sins and you may you burn in hell for them.
Not that he's fist off or anything you understand may you burn in hell for them in which I say we second that emotion.
I hate it when people beat around the bush.
What are you beating around the bush? What do you really think, Doug?
We don't care what you do. Just vote on a poll and quit diddling around with important stuff.
I try to give you a lot of jobs to send me to pictures of the hurricane in my hood, my house in the area.
To talk about it is one thing, but actually see it is pretty outrageous.
Unbelievable. Almost every tree, no matter how big they were, just got flattened.
And the fence is all got flattened. It's kind of like except for the houses themselves, everything else that was like stand, stop signs, street signs, flattened.
Man, I'm surprised even fat boys asked him to get flattened.
Although it would take them to category 5, category 6.
What do we got? We got 600 votes. If you click it, if you refresh it, we got 598.
During Wilma, where did you get your best information?
None of these, by the way, say from Tom Jicca, who was busy at home sitting in a corner with his wife with a candle lobber going.
And nobody said he was sitting in a closet or something.
I wonder if Shep was in there with him.
Getting crowded in there.
Or Anderson Pooper.
TV 153. TV Audio on Radio 149. WQAM 111. 18.5%.
Internet 87. WIOD 56. Sun Sentinel 17. WJNO 12.
Which I really don't know, but I assume that's still the new station in Palm Beach.
I don't know. I don't know. JNO, JNA, JNU, JN, JEW.
Mimey Herald 7. Palm Beach post five.
And WFTO, we put it on there and Scott, Solomon Thae, you know one vote.
It's been honor too long, but that's not really a good sign for PD Lenny and all those other good Jewish salespeople up there.
Bob Eisenberg, Tommy Denonberg, everybody with a bird.
We got the only bird we got, Hank Goldberg, we got the only bird they ain't selling at 850.
Right? Right.
Those poor guys, how do you like to sell those numbers?
I bet you they're doing better than the guy selling across the street.
Hey, you might buy some spots. We got a O-Share. We got fractions.
Oh, yeah, 0.5.
Oh.
We got nobody to listen, but we got a hell of a nice cheap rate for a dollar of howard.
And we got some real talent on here, man.
We got toast, and juice, and omelette, and frittata, and all these things.
Like I said, they better kiss the ground that there's a whole lot of people working at QA,
because they're the only ones who are listening over there.
They're menacurate. And they got the T.O. show, which has a lot to do with South Florida.
We have our 600, and I'm getting really nervous about this.
I'd like to top 600 by midnight.
OK, I would feel a lot better about it.
603. 603 is what you've got. I got 603. We're on the same page.
Three weeks later, here's some bad news about your good friends at Florida Plunder Relute.
More?
You ought to kiss the ground. You've had your par on for a damn year or a week now.
Isn't it a week?
They're about? Yeah.
Yeah, a week. We could go Sunday.
Marie Curriere, trained for power yesterday, two days after all the South Florida was to be restored,
and after three weeks of living without lights, colder water.
But for most of the day, she stayed in the dark and her four-lettered-el mobile home.
See, there you go again with that mobile home crap.
Not a good idea. Still at the mercy of sympathetic neighbors for food, water, and ice.
I'm a severe diabetic on insulin who needs to be refrigerated.
And that is, I mean, she needs to be her other insulin.
Let's get to career.
73 of widow who lives alone.
That's like the guy that stuck that kid in the freezer that we had to stir on Friday.
Remember that, John?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was babysitting a little bit and he kept going online.
He stuck him in one of them freezers, you know?
Keep him cool.
Right. Cool him down a little bit.
I cannot go another day without power, said, poor Marie.
Then a three o'clock yesterday, an FBNL crew arrived at her home and lit up the place
after the Sun sent the Lord to fire the company of her plate.
Thanks to the Sun sent her for doing a hell of a job.
I've actually time jickad as finger in that.
Stick your finger in the socket, Tommy. See what it does for you.
Terrari rejoiced and she planned to take a hot shower once her water heated up.
You know it and I'll put on my air, she said.
All right, you go, Marie.
Terrari lives in the estates of Fort Lauderdale, a mobile home park,
west of I-95 in south of Sterling Road, Oy V.
Until the power came back, she'd call FBL repeatedly
from a parts clubhouse phone. She went to the clubhouse.
I got the same jump, she said.
It will report and have a truck out there. Others are still waiting.
So in other words, till a Sun sent her to intervene,
stuck their fine finger in us, they just kept giving her the old run-around.
The old BS. We'll have a truck out there sometime between now and seven years from Sukhuis.
And the aftermath of her came, well, my FBL spokesman Tom Venusgriss said yesterday,
and unknown number of homes remained powerless despite the company's gold
to have the more than three million customers restored by Friday, that's last Friday,
today's Monday.
He said certain homes are isolated, even though their neighborhoods were all the power's been restored.
Our system tells us that everybody's back in who was out, he said,
but the system only goes to the neighborhood. It doesn't tell us that a single home
might still be out. Most of those are in Broward. How do you like that?
It took the part of the storm, Veenstra said.
If anybody is still out, rest in the call so we can make sure we're not leaving anybody behind.
And the number to call is 1-800-4-Outage. 1-800-468-82-43-184-Outage.
Call us, you know, see what kind of run around me, see the great service you're going to get from them.
All they want is your money, baby. That's all they want. They want your money now.
Don't ask any questions. Don't get pushy. Don't pitch about the splinter falling down poles,
all of these things. Just send them a big fat check.
George, you've been working a big fat one this afternoon, is what I heard.
That's right. Rollin' it up just for that.
I'll be damned.
How's that sales department coming by the way?
We are here in stories now that would make hair grow on your testicles, man.
Just unbelievable. Make hair grow on your big toe. Just amazing.
Oh, look at that. A foam truck arrived at the scene of that tank fire, and man,
there's your spending a lot of time on this, okay?
It's a flow exploring trap. That was our number one priority to get there.
There's Lieutenant Eric Baum of the Diggs Fire Rescue.
So elevated streams right now.
And your fishing water on it.
When the process of putting the foam into our system,
we're going to go ahead and distinguish the fire.
This is in an isolated area of medley.
Right, isolated area of medley is in isolated area of medley.
There ain't nobody within 85 miles of this place except a few idiots in trailer parks.
And they're making a big simmice about it.
So I guess that chicken and rubigah found.
How are just nobody cares anymore?
We'll get Rita Cosby on that one, baby.
She's on top of it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Well, how many days?
And this portion of the Neil Rogers is 12.0 an hour.
And this is Ruthie O'Vide, the lead and 12.
What do we walk by 6.78?
My print 11.12.
So license of pizza.
Or for me.
A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a.
I'm glad.
What is this?
Where is the mobile or can no-dubboat ship?
When did the door go?
Really?
I was driving in the middle of the boat.
It's the right door.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
What the loop's a loop?
The loop's a loop.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
What kind of response is that?
Wasn't anybody I've heard of?
of stuff. Oh me either. How about Josh, you ended that W-W-E? Who was it? World Wrestling Entertainment
Superstar and Wardo Gory Guerrero. I do Eddie Guerrero, yeah. I did. Oh, dead.
Stereoid's Eddie Guerrero for you, Mr. I'm making fun of you. Stereoids I guess? See, right
off the bat, did we all make assumptions? I don't have to make an assumption. But,
how dead is Hotel Remastered in Morning in Minneapolis where he was scheduled to appear last
night in a W-W-E Super Show? When Guerrero 38 didn't respond to a wake-up call, hotel security
at Minneapolis's Miriam City Center in Guerrero's nephew and fellow W-W-E wrestler,
Chavo Guerrero, forced entry into the room shortly after 7 years that morning. The 5-8 220 pound
wrestler was found on the floor, attempts to revive him more unsuccessful, on the floor is in dead,
on the floor, ain't gonna see him no more. There were no apparent signs of foul play or a suicide
police said, and autopsy was planned to be head of the County Medical Examiner's Orifice. He was
a featured star in the UPN series W-W-E Smackdown and son of Mexican wrestler, Gory Guerrero.
He was survived by his wife Vicki and daughter, Shauel 14. Shauel is that as in prayer shawl,
Shauel 9 and Kelly Marie 3 according to the, well what is it with these names? What
happened like John and Mary and Tom and Saul and, uh huh? What's with these names? What's with
these names? What's the name? S-H-A-U-L is the normal name. Oh never heard that one. Shauel? This
is a huge loss at W-W-E-T-R-M and Vince McMahon and he was a wonderful, far-loving human being.
He was a consummate performer and Josh Cordes says he was doing Roides man. He was just 5-8-2-20
maybe he was a big eater that's all. Maybe he was just pushing up because he had to play with
a big boys. Chavo Guerrero and McMahon said Guerrero was open about his past drug and alcohol abuse,
but they said he'd been sober for four years. How do you like that? Guerrero was in the Twin Cities
with 60-Duey the other wrestler to film Friday Night Smackdown at the Target Center. I know
that he would want to show to go on Chavo said. In February 2004 Guerrero became the second wrestler
of Hispanic heritage to become W-W-E champion. When he defeated Brock Lesnar from the University of
Minnesota wrestling standout. Guerrero lost the title four months later. In May 2004,
UPN aired the special Cheating Death Stealing Life the Eddie Guerrero Store. I guess that was a
little bit of a premature evaluation. I would say. The one hour program chronicled his childhood
and struggled with drug addiction and almost cost him his job family in life before his recovery
and eventual capture of the W-W-E championship. He grew up in El Paso, Texas. He and his three
older brothers were all wrestling wrestlers. They were wrestling with it. I didn't like that, huh?
Eddie Guerrero's dead. Even Josh knew who that was. He'd end up making Eddie Guerrero
marry a net or pump it. Nice. Or sock pump it. Or pump it. Yeah. You better get him a little
primer before you give him that new big screen TV so he knows what he's doing. We're going to
chart. We're going to go over the difference between marry a net and pump it. And a metronik that
I'm a little cookler friend and Ali. That's right. Oh, don't forget the dumb easy. We got to get
those in there too. Oh, we got plenty of those. They're running the country. 628 votes on a pool
during Wilma. Where did you get your best information? TV 158 TV audio on radio 153 that time
jicker was all whipped up about WQA M118, which he obviously wasn't listening to me because
while with a guy like him, I listened to a piece of crap like me. Internet 95 WIOD 60,
SunCentral 18 WGN012, Harold 7, Palm Beach Post 5, and WFTLA 50, which we better put on,
is got a big one vote. And that's probably from the person who faxed it, you know, probably from
PD Lenny. No, you're right about Adam by the way. I want to wish our best Adam Turan who left for
right. It was his last day by mutual agreement in our sales department. Good guy, but not a good sales
guy though. It's just too too low key to too nice of a guy. If you're going to be a sales guy,
it can't be a nice guy. I can't have a conscience. No, you have to be ruthless and cold-hearted.
You have to be a real wheeler dealer like Todd Dresden. PD Lenny's slimy, devious, dangerous,
you know, like that. A hustler to bustler. Right. Although John Wieners, he, I mean, he did
some devious things too, but he wasn't, I don't know, he was the same, he didn't have the same
slime ratio with some of the other guys. No, he was done a different scale. Yeah, and the same
with Brian Schmutz. So Brian Schmutz's sales manager at some station in Connecticut. Did we
find that on Friday when you were out, I think? Must have, because I know about it. Come on,
now you know it. There's Justin, bad news. Good news for the right wingers though. They always
get their way. The Supreme Court refused today to review Florida's Lifetime Band on voting rights for
convicted felons. A case that would have had national implications for millions of would-be voters.
Justice is declining here a challenge to Florida's 160 year old law, which applies to inmates in
those who have served time and been released. felons are kept promoting and every state except
Maine and Vermont. All the restrictions vary. The issue of voter dissent franchises make our
renewed attention. Of course, after the 2000 presidential election grab, which was decided by
537 votes in Florida leds, the Florida law was contested in 2009 and behalf of people who have
already completed their punishments, including probation or parole. Their appeal asked if
restrictions can be challenged. None of the 1965 voting rights act, which removed various to
black voters, one in 10 black-floored adults, not counting current prisoners, is barred from voting
the court was told. And the Supreme Court said, uh-uh, one in 10 and of course they don't like you,
dark folks, because you tend to vote Democratic. So this bunch of Supreme's and a bunch of Nazis
you got running the government said, uh-uh, no chance. Go away. Get lost. Dummy up. A lot of pressure
today, you know, heavy heavy beauty pressure Monday. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leaf horizon and
singular wireless lies. How about those patriots? Yeah, let's hear it. Let's hear it from all these
front running phonies out there. Those three and six dolphin fans whose team absolutely sucks in
bites pathetic. Just tragic what they've done with that organization. We've gone from the ones
that are to the Saban era and that's uh, you think that was an improvement? Forget about it. WDQAM
Hello. They are you good? Uh, quick thing. Uh, uh, generally they use the pivot is the best thing ever. I've
been using it for a few years and that's not three of garbage. Usually one and it's good. It's not as good as the pivot.
I don't think the man is the best. Uh, body wash, you were completely right. I, I wasn't because I was
keen on how to team but it is true. It's fresh. I mean, you know, it's totally great. Yeah, so
the first time you use a new bar of soap, it's like that's it. It's spural, man. Yeah, it's garbage. Listen, I
have one thing. Uh, what was it? Are you? Did you, I don't know, you got those Thompson's of the
old piece of my hobby, the track. Why? Yeah, you got it on the earth. No, no, no, no, that was the one
from today. You're talking about I'm going to get to that later. That's it's called. What the hell is it? It's on our website.
Yeah, that's not the one. Why do you need text at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue? That's scary. It looks
a meal. Uh, I have a big problem. I think I'm not father three yesterday. That is so bad. No, what the
matter is. No, it's not the acting. But the message is great. I'm sorry. Just forget about the acting. I don't
know. It's really a great mess. Take out. I'll be great. Okay. Have a great day, pal. I'll put
your head. Are they as good as they look? Better. Better. You know, I nurse another guy that doesn't get,
he doesn't get the rap he deserves. And that's Andy Garcia. He's not very good in that movie either. Joey.
Zaza. That's about the only good. Huh? You used to say the opposite until that early on in the
country. No, no, I never said he was okay. Well, when did I say Andy Garcia was good? Touchables in that
movie. We argue about this movie all the time. And that's one of the few things that we ever agreed on
is that at least his performance was, uh, was okay. It was okay, but not great. He's, I don't know.
He was alright. I mean, he was, he was head and shoulders above George Hamilton and Sophia Coppola
with a schnauz and everybody else. And Eli Wallach, of course, was like he was the only one that
showed up for work. I mean, you talk about a bad acting performance. And you know what? It got me
thinking about all the other Eli Wallach movies that I saw it and never read it before, like the
good, the bad and the ugly and all the other movies. And I never really noticed just how bad he was.
And then he was horrible. He was horrible. He was brutal. Oh, brutal.
The script in there is so bad on top of it. And then now they're making Michael into a comedian too,
you know, poor Al Pacino. They're giving the most lame lines. And Connie is saying, Michael,
now they will fear you. Maybe they should fear you. You know, like we're doing comedy stick now
in the Godfather. I'm sorry. Comedy don't belong in the Godfather. There ain't nothing funny.
And I said, maybe you know, what's his name? Johnny Ola on the Superman. The message I'll agree with
you was good, but it was the only good thing about that movie. And the message got, see, that's
it. Reminded the service that Francis Ford coped out there because there was a very important
message and story in here about the open, abatican bank and all the corruption in the stalemate
and Roberto Calvig getting murdered and everything. But it all got covered up because in fact,
the acting was so bad people couldn't stop thinking about that. Oh, please. First scene of the movie
I think of blowing her away would have been much better. And other way that we needed Robert De Niro.
I mean, we needed Tom Hagen, Robert De Valle, which they wouldn't give him enough money.
It was a mistake. They should pennywise and pound foolish. We need Robert De Valle, man.
One thing about him, he doesn't make too many bombs just about every word. In fact, even the,
what that was an invitation first time before they changed their name, the great Santini Hedore.
Oh, yeah, that you're right. The something. But whatever it was, it was released first with a
different name than it was the great Santini. And in the movies, they kind of bombed, but it got a
cult following. It was on people many times and then they re-released it and it became a big hit.
That was a good movie, great Santini. Robert De Valle. We love Robert De Valle, baby. Make no mistake
about it. Even though it tends to be a little bit of a religious nut, but that's okay. At least he's
not trying to push it on me. Don't push it on me at all, but you're going to sleep with a fish.
12 minutes past noon, we got a star-studded line of today, man. We got Mohawar David at two. They
got that over in the other place. They got mad dog at four this afternoon, four to seven. They
don't got that. They tried real hard, but they didn't get it. We got Curtis Stevenson sent seven
o'clock to 10.30, three and a half long hours for a young Curtis. 10.30 got your hurricane warm up
from Seattle. Big basketball game. Any interest? No. No. U.M. and Air Force at the BCA classic in
Seattle 11 o'clock till whenever the hell it's over and Eddie K's taking a World Reserve night off
because he's an old coup. This is the new Roger. This is 5.60 Q.A.
I don't get how many day go, getting a walk, baseball, gun bars, come out on a woodware.
Gaze the final frontier. These are the voyages of the scholarship. Enter guides. It's five year mission
to store strange, new, special and fentagulous places to seek out new life standards and
useful units to boldly go where no man can come to work. Okay, me? Yes, Sulu. Hi, I'm also
not course again. Sulu, we are not going to Uranus again. Reprogram. Okay, fine. You know,
fine. Yes, Sulu. Hi, Mom. Not feeling very well. Can you get Dr. Bone? I mean, Dr. Bone,
just get you me another full physical. Kirk, bones. Yes, Captain. Sulu says he isn't feeling
very well. Could you do another full physical? Oh, that's the third one this week.
Camard, Jim. I'm a physician. Not a 20-boy. Okay, and you noticed they were just putting that far
out on that car. Did you see that on CNN? No, I changed it. That was in France. Oh, for a second
there, I thought that was the lime rod that paid whatever that thing was in Medley. And it was in
France again. They're not only like 300 cars in a night. So that's okay. Another column by
Doug Thompson. I'm not sure if this is what the guy was referring to because he was mumbling in,
I don't know what he was talking about. Avoiding detection at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Where are White House aides under constant scrutiny from a paranoid busher
administration, hell, bad on stopping leaks, and turned to a technique used by drug dealers and
criminals to avoid detection, prepaid disposable cell phones. The phones which can be purchased
for as little as 30 bucks a day. But this consters offer prepaid minutes and can be discarded
when the time is used up. They require no contractor sign of an artificial trace. It's about the
only way we can ensure any privacy one bitter White House staffer told me this week. Our office
and home calls are monitored along with our normal cell phones. Enterprising White House staffers
have pulled their resources and used third parties to purchase the phones in bulk from retailers
like Walmart and small towns outside the National Capital Region. When one phone's minutes are
used up, they tossed the hand, said and activated a new one. Drug dealers and organized gangs use
such phones to afford wiretaps and call monitoring by law enforcement agencies. That White House aides
have turned to the same techniques indicates just how tense life is in the West Wing. Every time
new story emerges in the press, everyone here comes under suspicion, says 1-8. We spend most
of our time covering our asses instead of pending donations, binnets. White House sources tell us
that even senior aides like in Battle Presidential Advisor Carl Rowe used the prepaid phones to avoid
having certain calls show up on call logs or other records that might be subpoenaed. You do what
you can't avoid leaving a paper trail says 1-8. Other techniques employed by administration officials
to avoid detection include free email accounts through services like Hotmail, Lyco, Siahoo and Gmail,
staff members create multiple accounts and create new ones often. Increased use of cash instead of
credit cards or debit cards, gas receipts can show where you've been. When you pay cash, there's
less of a trail to follow instead of one staff member. Use of cards belonging to friends or increased
use of public transportation like the Washington Metro system because it's easier to get lost in a
crowd. I know all of this sounds like a dime store novel but that's the depth we've all sunk to
around. Here's his name who's worked in previous administration as well as on the current White House
staff. One female staffer says working at the White House has gone from the most exciting time
of my life to a daily hill. You're always being watched, always under suspicion, always second
guest. I hate it now. I just wanted to be over. And guess what, we are so to all the rest of us too.
We want it to be over. Yeah. Soon. I mean another year and another how many years it? Oh geez,
three more years? Holy cow rat man. You've got to be kidding me. I don't think we can survive it.
Three more years of this? What? What's not to like from my year? Whatever it is.
Six hundred and sixty three votes and we got 19 percent Tommy. Take a look at that pool. Now you
know something when you really stop and think about it. That's not all that good. I think we
wasted our time. Next time we have a big hurray cane. I think we'll just just really out open up the
pot. You smoke it and we'll just play the TV audio on it because like Tommy says them TV people
they're on top of it. You know like Chef Smith and Anderson Pooper they're on top of it. No way,
we ought to just do that. You know what? I mean why should we come in and fully and pretend we
know what's going on? When they're the experts and they got all those guys getting blown away out
in the wind and that's rain and the hurricane. Come in the QYM. Hello. Hey good afternoon.
Good afternoon sir. Man my blood is boiling all morning listening to you. Get me fired up as
usual. I appreciate it. Listen that disposable phone thing. Yeah. You know that's a pretty
common thing and I find it interesting that they're concerned about their email being traced and
all that because is it one of their big things and going into libraries and tracing how people are
using the computers there? Absolutely. Yes and the other point I wanted to make was about the
the lady who complained that it's a living hell working there. Yeah. Is someone preventing her from
resigning and going to work for someone else? I mean if she gets it so jazzy stop winding and you
get that right. Get out and get it on this job. I just hope people are getting agitated enough
is something that's done. My dear old father who is a lifelong Republican is finally starting to get
it but every time these Republicans get into office our cost of education go up everything goes up
and now he's looking for a hand I said well you better vote Democrat next time because you're not
going to get any help from these idiots. I said it before both elections unless you're a right-wing
neo-confinatic or unless you're a multi-billionaire either one of those nobody in their right mind
should have voted for this person or maybe accident and they did. This guy is an even Republican
he's out of Republican he's a soulless idiot and as far as the religious thing let me just
close with this okay if you want to teach your kids religion do it in church do it at home
I don't want the government teaching anybody religion it's none of the government's the
M business if you people are too late and teach your own religion don't expect the government
to do it for you. Amen I'm out of material. God bless you sir I'll pray for you. Thank you sir.
Yeah Jimmy Carter they reran the thing on with King last night which he's all over the place
Carter he's a little bizarre but he he did say this even though he's a Christian he teaches Sunday
school in Yani Yani he's very he's a guest he really ripped the right-wing religious to rip them
and ask nice going you go Jimmy he did rip them a big fat ass and talk about separation of church
and state all of those things all those old-fashioned things like that and about how this is just
just grotesque with these people doing how intolerant and hateful they are he laid it right
out there he stuck it to a nice going Jimmy he says they're they're all white males white males
for a hate and full of judgment about everybody else and preach and hate it's not too late to
preach some hate because it's in now man it's the impregn even don't be great things it's a good idea
I don't know about Doby Gillis 675 votes we got a shot at 750 by the top they are it's means
not much we're not really all that intensive on a votes it's a Monday you people got
important things to do get the ruford get the a screening guy get the pool man get the tree people
the landscape people the fence guy and the uh all these things right all of these things right
Blair faces new inquiry into a rack war impeachment campaigners playing former under ministers will
join 200 supporters to force commons probe oh yes see because if he got impeached over there
uh that would be a really good uh yeah get the ball rolling get the balls rolling man something
impressive who's this guy and seespan who is this your weapon the panel says the US isn't moving fast
enough that's not keen from Jersey material from terrorists we have no great a fear
and a terrorist who is inside the United States with a nuclear weapon oh my god the consequences
of such an attack would be catastrophic for our people for our economy for our liberties
and probably for our way of life we're gonna put brownie brown in charge of that
democratic commission you think right he'll do it take away brownie on MPs organizing the campaign
to impeach Tony Blair believe they have enough support to force a highly damaging commons investigation
into the prime minister's pre-war conduct remember how they sexed out the intelligence
oh yeah make sure yourself didn't do it with Camilla and Charles I'll say to that that would be
sexy damn you know a renewed attempt to impeach the layer over claims he misled parliament
into making his case for war against the rack will be made in the comments within the next two weeks
let's hear it all right this is from the scottish sunday hero by the way they put a different
kind of a slant and killed on the news the impeachment process effectively star last year when
just 23 MP signed a common motion but the scale of the governments to feed on its anti-terror
legislation last week were 49 labor MPs defected as galvanized the momentum for proceedings to be
invoked they've got they got the mogul now baby they're they're going organized as they're
expecting 200 cross-party signatures including those of former government ministers to force the
comments to set up a privy council investigation that will examine in detail the case for impeachment
against Blair they're gonna send his ass to the privy the side they're so silly it just make me
weak thinking about them the size of the labor we vote although they are more civilized than
america i'll send you that what how was i watching last night about uh... canada and uh... england and
about the murder rate is like about one one uh... zillion of what it is in the u.s.a. and i have a
long history of just even have a lot of guns in canada like michael morish or did they just don't go
around shooting each other maybe it's just being a little bit of civilization just have a little
respect for human life as opposed to the u.s.a. where your fat ass governor says hey i feel
repressed somebody looks at your cross-eyed somebody sneaks up your biaby hide at the at the end
and the suspicious or maybe it's a couple of shades two dark
well that crap away because that's the way it is the u.s.a. the size of the labor revolt allies
unified opposition ventures has said to have changed the climate inside the comments s.n.p. leader
alix salmon one of the key figures in the impeachment campaign sitting out believe the cross-party
attempt to bring the government to account over the rack war would become more urgent and predicted
problems associated with social legislation in england and whales in whales now if they say whales
well well well well they just they can't speak they invented the language they can't speak it
that's the l. oh god they have a well a problem don't forget fpl gonna rot in hell maybe they'll
be down there with your president too this is new Rogers this is five sixty years old
good morning americans it's Paul Harvey standby for news a lawyer's dog running around town
unleashed heads for a butcher's shop and steals a roast i'll say it again and lawyers dog running
around town unleashed heads for a butcher's shop and steals a roast the butcher goes to the lawyer's
office and asks if a dog running unleashed deals a piece of meat from my store do I have the right
to demand payment for the meat from the dog's owner the lawyer answers absolutely well then you
owe me eight fifty your dog was loose and stole from me a roast the lawyer without a word wrote
the butcher reject for eight dollars fifty cents and the butcher having a feeling of satisfaction
left his office three days later the butcher finds a bill from the lawyer one hundred dollars
due for consultation Paul Harvey good day absolutely call thirty one a cue I mean it was a cutie
not a typical cutie so big enough that's so cutie Reverend Jesse who I'm getting really sick
and tired of him you know like I said he should have been on a poll the day we had about
the people who ran the bill and about yeah I don't think it was on there was he I don't think so
he should definitely been on there because when he gets into politics thing and we start
uh... yakin about that he's pretty good really good but once he starts stringing this racial
thing and everything is a big racial thing and every time any black person stubs a toenail it's
the white people's fault and honky honky he starts playing hockey tomf i build a dog it
the Reverend Jesse Jackson called the Philadelphia Eagles punishment of terror Owens
much too severe when you know what Jesse Yamama how do you like that worry about important things
we got two thousand sixty five dead American troops in Iraq and you worried about terror Owens
talk about being a professional black man we got professional faggots and professional Cubans
and professional Jews and here's a professional dark man Jackson said in the statement released
Friday that Owens could have been more professional when he publicly complained about his contract
his team in the Eagles organization but Jackson said Owens is special without pay for four games
and the activation for the rest of the decision is much too severe for the charge and hurts the
athletes NFL career at its height and like I said Yamama who cares the civil rights activists said
the level of punishment could have been more than if Owens had been caught shaving points selling
drugs carrying her gun or fighting fans without sufficiently strained this does not warrant a one
year ban from the game Jackson said adding the Eagles should release Owens to the open market or
free agency if they no longer want to associate with him what's what's he doing a little piece of
the fighter or something what's the story there I guess who else jumps on his land wagon
Ralph Nader a consumer activist and former presidential candidate has already called for this
suspension to be rescinded is this pathetic or what huh is this Ralph Nader and Jesse Jackson
they're worried about a football player against his credit has got a big mouth and ice like a jackass
Owens was his federalized week after he sent an interview that the Eagles showed a lack of class
for not publicly recognizing his humbath career touchdown catch and the team would be better off
green braze bread far record back you sense of apologize I think that maybe Tyrell was listening
too much to rush limbaugh taking a few cheap shots at Donovan McNabb see that's one thing about
the right wingers no matter what they do no matter what they do it nothing happens right just like
Bill Bennett and that grotesque comment he made about avoiding black babies and just like Russian
is Dr. Shapan and Bill Poffen and his told me deafness because he was poppin oxies and everything
like that and in his comments I got him canned on money that football about the Donovan McNabb
only getting all of the attention because he's a black and he's not really all that good
and all that just things that anybody else would have gotten like put into a rikers island with
for with Al Goldstein but no and then Bill O'Reilly saying that the people of San Francisco you know
they are all rotten hill and that there was a guy they're all going whatever he said
to see that story over the weekend yeah opening up another big stupid mouth not to mention
of course all his phone excavates the law calls speaking of that
Terrell owns the interview last weekend engaged in some unsportsman iceman and Jesse went on and
on now the Audi Audi the punishment is much too severe for the charge and the Audi Audi the real
question is do his comments for interpenalty this severe and Jesse says the answer is no this
doesn't warrant a one year ban for the game the NFL players association has taken a position that
the punishment doesn't correspond with the infraction and the association wants the Eagles to cut
T.O. if they're not going to reinstate him I agree T.O. is publicly apologized his heart is
contrite his heart is contrite well what is that supposed to mean so is Michael Jeff and he was
right there with Michael Jackson to him ever that they yes he was a guy that used to be black or
least close to it who's now wider than even you are and that's saying a hell of a lot talk about
a wider shade of pale this Jesse man he's just I can't handle it and it's like the OJ thing the same
old crap yeah everybody you know that old saying birds of a feather spread the bird virus together
that's right that's what they do birds of a feather stick together if it's you know a black man
accuses them all not all but a whole bunch of black oh no it's a racial thing and if it's a
southerner or whatever the hell it is I don't remember any white people you know I've said about
the Ted Bundy getting executed you no I didn't hear anybody bitching about it no what the hell is this
what the OJ said what they do three times oh what they do and that inspired me what they do
along one thing dude it might want this song after that how long it was and the
adventures we don't weather reported a lost dog report yeah I could be the whole
poor result now we got 703 votes wait a minute not too shabby what they do yeah okay it's enough
five six seven oh five sixty pound five so you won't hear this kind of radio on the ticket I'll
guarantee you that while they're talking about a bunch of stupid ball games with a bunch of dumb
jocks who can't spell crap okay we have them assistance taken one forget about saying it we're
really sick and terribly stupid ass sports shows man it's just once upon a time I know this may
come as a shock to a lot of you people out there a lot of you punks like Josh once upon a time
there was no such thing as a sports talk radio station get out yeah how do you like that I don't
even know what those words mean I mean like on iod back in the day when we had a great radio station
we had like we had the sports talk between six and eight p.m. two hours a day and believe me like
I've told you about five thousand times that was plenty and don't forget they had the the sunny
herch sports update as part of the morning show yeah you know well what is that I have to do with
anything nothing you know just to keep them up to date on what's going on what you know first thing
in the morning my light sun he's a good guy was but you know what what what is that you had a
quaggle I told you that story when I was first working at k a t and a little apartment on the beach
of what I didn't like too long with those real loud Israelis living upstairs screaming and yelling
and hockin bout bout all day I got out of their fast anyway I go I do my show I go home in his
sports talk is almost sunny herch and I'm listening and hear something and I'm thinking what's
wrong with my radio is there something wrong with this it's a true story yeah exactly and sunny
had some kind of a throat a quaggle condition which I thought it was a great guy nice guy seems
like a good enough guy but how can you be on a radio when you got a it's like that natural vibrato
no that's not what it was at all I mean an operation on that one or two or I don't know and then
he died that was that was bad good guy see the good guys died early and then the bastards they
hang and they hang on till they're 100 John Nichols writes God's Pat Robertson problem you know
that thing about Robert Sheer getting can at the early times I don't know if the audience realizes
how significant I read how many of his columns have I read about third man yeah I was in him how about
he's great yes one of my very favorites and I was going to be huffington postal if you want to read
this stuff you'll be able to on the huffington website or area but it's just bone showing what's
going on now you can't be to the left of it's all the hundred American anymore and be on the air
have I write a column and do anything the Nazis have taken over baby it's all strictly censored
and that's why the mainstream media that's why they keep pandering and sucking up plus the fact that
GE's got all the big contrast they're in a rash so that's one of the reasons that all your NBC's
they just dummy up as much as possible except for Keith Oberman watch for him to be next to
get canned he'll probably be next probably expand read it to two hours because if she had two
hours and I can imagine how many we probably have that uh killer in a room already right
they can have a marathon yeah and a rooba marathon would be good chicken a rooba another
how can she be on the air speaking of like that John Nichol says it can't be easy being
God these days what with so many of his self-proclaimed followers launching wars in his name so the
last thing you all might need is a whack job calling down the wrath of well God on communities that
fail to follow the instructions in the Christian coalition voter guide but that's what God's
got in the first and the Pat Robertson they religious broadcaster who frequently uses 700 Club
television program to pray about weather patterns or to encourage the assassination of foreign leaders
last week Robertson went the next step and began deciding who and can and cannot talk to God
after the citizens of Dover Pennsylvania voted to remove eight school board members who would
attempt to do introduce and intelligent design curriculum which encourages the rejection of science
and established views of evolution in order to promote the notion that the universe was simply
popped into being by the big guy Robertson announced that people living in that community are off
God's Christmas card list I'd like to say the good citizens of Dover if there's a disaster in your
area don't turn to God you just rejected him from your city Robertson said on this Christian
broadcast in network 700 Club instead of praying to God Robertson said the folks in Dover will
have to worship science if they have future problems in Dover I recommend they call on Charles Darwin
the television person out of the declared maybe he can help him to be sure there'll be those
sincere disbelievers who suggest that praise to Darwin would be of equal consequence with praise
to the Almighty that's the to be for another day but the choice that Robertson sets up for
followers of his Christian faith is a false one many of the greatest evolutionary scientists of
history in the present day have been men and women of deeper legislative with Christians well
represented among their number the scientists have suggested some of the most thoughtful
elder essays of our time that the study of evolution can and should be seen as an endeavor that
is entirely in sync with their faith after all they ask what could be wrong with trying to better
explain God's creation the answer of course is nothing unless you made a fortune setting yourself
up his thoughts spokesman Robertson is out to spy science because of a rise explanations
in insights that expose their sooner religious rants about who's on the right or wrong side of
God not to mention who gets to pray and how for what they are schemes to scare Christians in
devoting for Robertson's right-wing allies and writing text to Robertson's enterprises and causes
the so-called Christian broadcaster is wrong this time as he's so frequently been in the past
despite what Robertson says the people of Dover can pray to whomever they choose
God or Charles Darwin even Pat Robertson and they can believe as no not most over Pennsylvania
voters do when they cast their ballots that sound religion sound science need not be in conflict that's
a joint legal indignation donation under damn guy right got Mo coming up at two o'clock then we
got the mad dog three solid hours at four Curtis for three and a half hours seven to ten thirty and
then that hurricane stuff in Seattle man gonna have a huge tune in audience for that
this is Neil Rogers or this is 5.16 Q.A.F do it again harder place
smack it oh the vault's done bang it we mean it's done abort abort I guess love very so
let's say abort because that's right because uh Samolito is gonna come and give you what for
you know I'll go get the car in the Mark III and your Mark I and that vibrating thing you got to
wait
yeah what do you think by now how many weeks has this been going on?
stop it man yeah call me a silly person you're a silly person now that this thing would be
fixed already no without correct engineering staff guess what the hurricane's been over for about
three weeks now we got no more excuses about running around with generators and
transmitters keeping the stations on the air remember this has nothing to do with the hurricane
yeah go to the Lord for that that's what I'm saying this thing is been going on for months and
months and months this audio vault is that fault that's because the engineering staff is too busy
with their finger up each other yeah probably checking out the prostate so what's the
cry of Moses and we're gonna do in the other room are we not gonna play the spots at all we're
gonna go spot free radio and I don't know what do you let me go plug them in the other room I guess
medical plug them in the other room I'll read the full result while you're plugging it seven
hundred nineteen votes that that that was good I like that we need a lot more of those and I'll kind of like
during Wilma where did you get your best information tv audio on radio has moved in the first
place 180 open up that pot we like that that's what we're gonna be doing from now in fact I think
there's a cloud in the sky let's put on channel four all right let's put on our news partner channel
sase from tv 177 from wdq m136 about 19 percent not too bad not great though from the internet
107 from wwvv67 from the slum sentinel 20 JNO 14 Palm Beach post eight Miami-Herald 7 Ft only
three so lamented trace see they probably invited tuning into us during those trying times because
they figured that's just a stupid sports nerd station what could they possibly know but in poker they
possibly give us right right as the price to pay when your priorities are screwed upside down
Greg so what's the deal now we're gonna place some spots in error or not no because it's down in
there as well they're resetting some stuff right now corporate in the building let's talk to
corporate legal and see what that bitch can do about it huh let me just play one of these
and I got over the top abilities reading acting for dumb is yours key
former you m-o-d-i-e yeah he to rub it in but the acting I hate that played the part of
city with style and date secret words to make no mistakes and go the whole length of the movie
with the make-or-come-a-face now all the famous actors and news they might be hurt they say
he's coming out the stick and moving my turn I can't help but it's an actor I got an
magic chance and a pretty same movies that I'm gotta do in words you know the part I played this
lady I made an excellent job playing me I better go on a bm I'm gonna need my new m-o-d-i-e
we see acting comes easy for me and I got over the top abilities reading acting for dumb is
you
I'll give you a pretty set for that audio vote I'll pay to that right now what's the story what's
the verdict here a board okay see a board this oh a lovely lovely suspected murder of girls
parents what's that and police custody we understand uh we're so concerned this to what is it
it's a story from this morning a uh it's in uh Pennsylvania uh kid shot the parents of his
18-year-old girlfriend and then they ran off 18-year-old murder suspect and boy is he ugly or what
fry his ass he's in police custody David G. Lord when he is as man gruesome she's not too bad
Kara right okay she would do what are the parents that are problem with it yeah she's like you're
wearing that ugly skanky a piece of dirt no no mommy okay anyway I'm just gonna continue on
this end I don't know what else going on there and one of those things just a lot right this is
usual okay just spots here huh it'll care about spots here well that's okay we got like let's see
three trade minutes like this arm looking at this log pretty weight there by the way Curtis not
talking about Curtis Stevenson talking about Curtis Lee were our sales manager pretty lame I mean
the hurricane's been over now for a very long time and you think we have like a little something
some on it log now David Rossi writes who now's David Rossi probably good to know who the hell that is
oh he's a writer in the bigampton newspaper bigampton press and sunbowlton the purple pros
of scooter what is it with Republicans and smut he writes in fact it starts off by asking what is
it with public Republicans and smut where did I just hear that what is it that prompts the
sufferer plan perigons of moral values to commit pros that is at once perint and putrid consider
the GOP gallery of purple pros pervaders William Sapphire New King Rich Lynn Cheney G Gordon Litty
Bill Buckley and Kenny Star and let's not forget Bill O'Reilly who's unwanted phone sex
messages to a female colleague costume a bundle and out of court settlement some might argue
that it's unfair to include star in that crowd but not if they read the past pornographer's report
of his investigation of the Clintons involvement in whitewater and just playing bills sorted
around with Monica Lewinsky and some re others according to the Lauren Collins writing in the New
Yorker in the 1998 star report it was nominated for consideration in the bad facial sex writing
contest that Britain's literary review hold each year Republicans might argue that the content
to write about such carnal matters while Democrats indulge in them they might that is if we think
we won't we don't remember the adventures of Henry Hyde and Dan Burton there's two moralizing
hypocrites who are Monclin's most vociferous assailants Collins peace in the November 7th
of the Yorker contains examples of the aforementioned office with the exception of gingrich which
is merciful unfortunately or fortunately depending on your point of view now the excerpts can be
repeated here this being what we'd like to call a family newspaper let me just say that if your
teenage son or daughter wrote anything that raunchy and hackneyed in the term paper you'd be
getting an old home from the English teacher of mouth of school psychologist having said that
let me end it in comparison to the latest entry in the field of GOP porn the lot of them could qualify
for jobs at Hallmark meet i Lewis liby aka scooter late right hand man for Dick Cheney and Alan
employed maybe liby returns that was an experience and a producing fiction even before it came up
against Patrick Fitzgerald in 1996 the scooter produced novel called the Appretis it's not about a
young man learning to be an electrician I can't really tell you what it is again without running
a follow the family newspaper code suffice to say there's a lot of what you might for one of a
better term call animal husband re-involved but not the kind they teach you to your 4-H club at
least now I hope not permissible sample I hope at age 10 madam put the child in a cage with a
bear trained a couple of the young girls so the girls would be frigid not falling love with their
patrons there are other hygiene involving a deer if you want something spicier than that you're
going to have to buy the book released by the New Yorker I'm not worth her practicing psychiatry
without a license but you have to wonder what would cost someone to write that kind of
delicious twaddle perhaps it could be a result of coming to adulthood and beyond a middle age
still being called scooter true Phil Rosito handled it pretty well but athletes tend to be more
comfortable with such nicknames then again it could be a result of spending too much time around
the chainy especially dick that could be the psychological equivalent of mercury poisoning
granted that caused was selective in choosing her ex-erbs it may be that a kind of a reviewer say
a member of the Wall Street Journal editorial board would find the apprentice a Nobel worthy worker
fiction on second thought and fairness to the scooter maybe we should reserve judgment keep an open
mind and wait for the movie hey just portion around so what's the story of somebody working on it
somebody's working on it and that's the best we can do now is here that somebody is working on it
yeah here's a fact it says with regard very in my images with regard to these pool how about
an adding an option for those who didn't really tune in for any information honestly once you've
been through or watched covered to the storm you've seen them all I refuse to watch overpaid
reporters using fright cliches about how the area looks like a bottom went off I refused to be
told that I have to care how the ostriches ferret at metro zoo while I endeavor to repair my
fence I refuse to listen to unprepared 300 pound plus people right wing that they didn't have a hot
meal I really don't care about how many other people are commiserating with me as I sit in the dark
eating my lukewarm can of spaghettios why don't I spaghettios especially slice up that hot dog like
you said yeah and a little cheese put it on some stir-no get all melted up real goopy you know Larry says
wake up people this is what happens during hurricanes please come down the power goes up buildings get
damaged and too mentally challenge people consistently die for money their generator indoors can
something that occurs consistently year after year truly we considered news here's my wish we're
in the south Florida where he says butch up baby thousands of people suffered far more in Greg far less
well that's a pretty good line huh I'm like a plane there's a like that but that's that's the
south Florida effort way there you should know that by now the middle name is right look there's
the girl in the car those of you keeping notes yeah let's listen and work dawn and so it's
down out from a detective the she where it's headed with it you see the vogue flagging up up against
the tree yeah because the report this morning was they took off and read vogue flagging and they're
just crashed up into that tree well they didn't get too far didn't they no they didn't huh probably
in a big hurry I would imagine I would imagine now oh one we're gonna 14 year old Pennsylvania
girl are both in custody I bet you that what's your name read across because at least 500 weeks
of shows on this one of the real and three hour special every night oh my god what was it all about
why did you do this what were you thinking about it's your America for it baby well there is
got some good points but you know I figured as long as we had to be here I still stand by what we
stand by my man I still think we did the right thing is the best we could do here is give out some
information you know we threw in a little a few phone calls and they're not too many because the
phones were working some days but we passed along whatever we could because there were a lot of
people sitting in the dark had no TV didn't have no generator right those are the people that
appreciate what we did the rest of me mama okay how come you not talking about sports and playing
well we still played some funny comedy bits we put a chocolate a couple of posters too while
people were frustrated and aggravated right right I'm pretty damn excited about what we did I'm
gonna again pat myself right around this side this time okay we're ready to go ready to go with
some spots let's hear it folks spot time this is Neil Rogers or this is five sixteen two eight
my junior honey
ah
ah
ah
ah
the
candy
from
Christian
made
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
get
the
the
to
yeah
gaining a p p salt
a few release that are places technically challenged and as a result every now and
then we have like the specific piece of crap audio ball which we told them we
told them two things don't hire fat boy and do not buy that audio ball it's a
piece of crap and they went and did both and like that no matter what we say we
know nothing we just lucky to those big numbers every book that's all we're
just very lucky but they're the experts trust me when I tell you like I told
them don't put for while on here do not put that stern to one here not in this
N
day
This is Neil Rogers.
This is I-162-A-F.
Oh, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
Friday's New Jike then came for perjury.
They're even talking about that dickage.
The White House knows that truth is coming near.
So they'll make up some brand new terror scare.
This is truth and it may work alone on this mere one.
And while you're keeping all the longer and there,
Really, what you're stealing?
Cause I need to know.
Procure to what kind of curve will you throw?
I need to know.
But you're moving.
I need to know.
Tell me that it's girls cause I need to know.
I need to know.
Who's next to go?
It sucks worse than with twins in that worst cup of food.
Minute after 1-5-60-22, I'm gonna see Mojauer-David-Edwarmer.
I'm showing him we got Mad Dog at 4. Curtis Stevenson tonight.
And then we got the hurricane basketball.
Clarins will be out there squeaking away.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, with Joseph Gackey.
Wait until you're this story from Rio.
A crusading defender of Brazil's Pancadal wetlands died of his burns after sending himself on fire
to protest a proportion of your hand alcohol planting the environmentally fragile region.
Hospital officials said today he sent himself on fire and then he burned.
Oh, he died?
Both, I see.
Francisco Encelmo de Vaudero is 65, wrecked himself in an alcohol soap blanket and set it on fire.
During a protest over the weekend in Campo Grande, 1200 kilometers,
that's what is that?
Seven by seven or miles northwest of Rio,
telecom officials at the Santa Casa Hospital.
Fellow protesters, muddened the firewood blankets and sprayed it with a fire extinguisher.
Barroco was taken to Santa Casa with burns over 90% of his body and he died yesterday.
That's the ultimate crusade, right?
The ultimate protest.
He died?
To kill yourself.
The Mezzo-Groso dos, those suils stayed assembly, is debating a project to build alcohol plants on the appropriate way river,
which runs through the Pancanala world's largest wetlands.
The college, say, the environmental balance of the Pancanala and the western Amazon are threatened by the expansion of cane plantation.
Oh, boy, cane plantation to produce sugar and alcohol,
which is widely used for automobile fuel in Brazil.
Alcohol is widely used for fuel in Brazil, I guess.
Barro was his president of the Foundation for Nature Conservation in Mato-Groso de Suel State.
In a letter to his left to his family and friends, he wrote,
he did what he did is the only way to wait the people up to the environmental threat.
And now he's dead.
I like that.
It could have lived a little longer.
Remember when Michael said that, he was looking at the grave there, whatever that done, whatever whichever Donna was.
Duhed what of a...
Duhed Fonucci.
No, not Duhed Fonucci.
Duhed Fonucci was the blood I had.
Better get with him.
Duhed Fonucci was the guy who was dealing with the light bulb, and then, but I've been looking at him.
I don't see him.
No, no, no.
The man was it.
Not that we want to get you nervous, anything like that, because we like to hear everybody on the even keel.
Listen to this show.
When I'm getting like, campy butt, scientists in Vietnam believe the H5N1 bird flu strain has mutated,
allowing you to read more effectively in mammals, though not necessarily in humans, thanks God, so far,
online newspaper, VN Express said yesterday.
Scientists that they passed through institute for significant variations in 24 samples from humans in poultry.
I'm telling you one thing about those pastures, man, if they would have had a good refrigeration,
we wouldn't have been so smart.
And they had them either, right?
Right.
The findings corroborate the belief that H5N1 would not have to mix with the human flu strain to become a form causing a human pandemic.
The UN said that Indonesia must strengthen its response to bird flu after the death of woman 20, which shown symptoms.
Too much of that Southeast Asia stuff going on with all these animals.
That was how the SARS thing got started.
Right.
Now this bird flu, too much.
I have to say either just kill all the people, I mean all the birds over there in Southeast Asia, or the people in the birds.
Or maybe just kill everybody's bird, or just kill people.
Just getting tired of the filth and the, oh god, you can just even imagine.
Radio host, please, not kill anybody killing his wife.
Remember we had that story last week?
That's right.
Antifreeze, was it?
A radio talk show host accused of poisoning his wife by spiking her Gatorade with anti-frees, not to be confused with anti-neil.
Well, any brand doers that he uses?
No, it has to be, well, the oppressed one.
I see.
They don't care about the Gatorade.
All of the Gatorade is like we discussed last week.
It's five phosphorescent like glow to the dark.
It's like an incision, whatever.
And so the Antifreeze also, if you look at your Gatorade in your press, don't quite frankly.
They're pretty much the same, right?
Anyway, that's a joke.
Well, you shut up.
The poisoning his wife by spiking her Gatorade with anti-frees, told a friend he planned to spend his life insurance money on a house.
And it be MW convertible, going to prosecutor's.
He also said he'd start a foundation in his wife's name.
James Cowan, and by the way, I'm very proud of myself.
Either I pronounced the right or the rest of the people in media are also mispronouncing it.
James Cowan pleaded not to be old either as they was ordered to help without bail.
He was arrested earlier last week during commercial break in the radio station where he worked in Jefferson City, Missouri,
and charged with the first to be murder in the September 2004 death of duly cowon 31.
During your commercial break, well, at least their audio vault was working anyway.
I guarantee that that station was not using no audio vault.
Prosecutor said the couple was struggling financially.
I'm hearing an echo now, over a sudden.
The last break in now, is something changed or is it?
Well, they were doing some production in there earlier.
I don't know what point they left because I started it and then Josh came in.
Yeah, they've been diddling around again in that other room there.
They've been diddling around and we're getting an echo and all kinds of feedback and good vibrations.
You went on our Mach 3 turbo razor.
Let's get with it.
Prosecutor said the couple was struggling financially after moving to the Boston area in early 2004.
That James Cal may have killed his wife for 250,000 dollar life insurance policy.
You know, really when you come down, if you're going to kill somebody, you want to get more net.
How long are you going to live out 250,000, right?
Not long.
Especially nowadays.
According to the documents filed Thursday, count told a close friend after his wife's funeral.
I'm going to take duly's insurance money by a BMW Z-Horconvertible.
Go back to Kansas City and build a house where that money's left over.
I'm going to start a foundation in duly's name and run it for a few years.
Oh, duly count.
September 8, 2004 after complaining for months about busyness nausea and other symptoms.
An autopsy found she'd been poisoned with ethylene glycol and chemical found in anti-freeze.
About a month after the death, James Cal and 31 moved back to Missouri where he'd grown up.
Got a job as a reporter in talk show host at radio station K-L-I-K-A-M.
Click.
The big click.
They never collected the insurance money because their death came under investigation.
Duly count parents issued a statement saying their lives were forever changed by this horrible evil and senseless act.
There are no words to describe the sadness we feel we are terminated daily by the why of it all.
So Jack and Nancy Oldeag, who attended count's arraignment middle-sex district court, James and Duly count, moved to Boston in early 2004 after he lied to his wife.
Tell your he'd been accepted to Harvard Business School according to prosecutors and studied took one pass at the University's continuing education program that he flunked.
He's one of those guys you're going to see on A&E.
You know they have those CSI, the real ones, you know the real stories?
You're going to see him on there.
Another one is folny bolognese that was going around probably married 15 other times that they don't know about yet.
And often wives in the discravity insurance money.
Slimeball.
767 votes on the pool.
We got to shout 800, they're Jack.
By the way, Josh Cordis enthusiastically recommends the Gillette mock three turbo razor.
He says stick your battery in it and have a good time.
Enjoy those good vibrations.
And that what you said.
What I said.
I still don't get it.
So in other words, you use it once in a while but use your brawn most of it.
I don't understand.
To me it's not like I'm missing my ass thing because I've done both in my life.
I had to period my easy electric razors.
I had the new relco, you know the triple-hitter, no new relco, you know I fried them all.
And I don't like electric razors because it burns man.
It irritates your skin and you don't get a close shave.
And you're never going to get this close to shave ever.
I don't care.
Bron, I don't care if it's a eva-bron.
You're never going to get as close of a shave as you are with like regular razor.
With a blade.
I mean it is handy even if it's just a blade.
Why?
It is handy or to use the electric razor.
I mean it's less of a mess but yeah you're never going to get a good razor.
Let me ask you something seriously.
When you've got a really good disposable razor or even this mock gun.
I mean, what are you?
How long does it really take anymore?
I mean now if you use age you're ready to eat a good shave cream.
It's supposed to have foamy stuff that looks like Santa Claus on a bad day.
How long does it really take to shave?
Maybe three or four minutes?
Not that long at all.
Not even that.
Disgressing out I got my motorized woman that battery in there.
Boy I sure hope that battery doesn't run out.
I'm probably going to go get it.
I want to go get it and play the vibration on your ear.
Maybe we can sell some.
Oh jeez.
We're going to bring vibrate anything then.
We'll do that all day.
Hey Josh.
Who's going to say he's going to grab a razor?
Call my phone.
Actually, Josh ought to be using this because he likes the feel of the electric.
You know the vibrations, right?
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
Come find with the disposable blade.
So whoo.
Nice.
Here in in you in stereo.
Well, I'm moving it around a mic.
I'm holding my phone up before you can hear it in.
Why are you going there too?
My phone vibrates when I want it to.
You're a good vibration station baby.
We're vibrating over here.
This is a pretty neat thing.
I really don't know if that accomplishes anything.
You don't think it's, I don't know.
Listen, it is a very close frame.
I think maybe even a little closer than the other one.
Really disposable.
Even if it just feels good.
Yeah, it's worth it.
It's not psychological, but it's good.
No, in your case, yeah, definitely psychological.
There's no question about it.
Make no mistake about it.
But he found that thing.
He probably opened up one of his girlfriend's drawers.
I mean, so to speak.
And there was that instrument all of a sudden he got this whole vibrating thing now.
So every air everything has to vibrate.
Probably that's what's wrong with the audio vault.
He's got that baby vibrating too and it finally keeps giving out from all the pressure.
780 votes.
Come on, we can do 900 today.
What do you think?
Can we do 900 on a Monday?
A week after the power is back on for most people.
Not all.
If you're in a trailer park, I would just, I just leave.
Okay.
Take anything you still want and just set the whole thing on fire and just leave.
Collect the insurance trailer.
Right.
No, forget about that.
Just burn it and collect the insurance.
I wouldn't imagine that's too easy to get like mobile home insurance in a place like Florida where we have a hurricane every five minutes.
It is not, and I was told that depending on where it is, you can't get any home owners insurance.
Wow.
So one more good reason not to be a trailer truck.
I mean to live in a trailer park.
Not good.
Not good at all.
Even he got a double-wide.
I told you once upon a time in Albion, Michigan in my early days in radio, I lived, I'm not very long either.
A few months in a trailer.
I spent some time in a trailer.
And it was a nice trailer.
It had a nice kitchen and a nice refrigerator and a stove and a couple of bedrooms in the park.
And then it would be like a storm because that was up north of course.
And you felt like you were living outside an tent.
Right.
Technically I lived in like a half trailer.
You've seen those trailers where they built, they build onto it.
Yeah.
You know, it started as a trailer but then I actually feel like you're living in a tin can because what you're supposed to do is blow in is like talk about vibrating.
Maybe Josh would enjoy that trailer time, man.
He gets those vibrations from the big storms and all the, yeah, like a little inside of it.
He said tin foil.
780 votes on there during the Wilma.
Where did you get your most useful information?
And it wasn't for us.
This is the same station at the, you know, after back during and before and after on 9-11.
We had, we were squeaking away.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that day.
They didn't, they didn't for me.
Not just because of what the bomb and the airplanes and everything, but because of guilty on it.
Well, why are we going to say about it?
Why are we going to say, they're squeaking his way like a little child.
Why are we going to say about nothing?
Just, remember there was a time for TV on radio when you think that was the day.
Yeah.
That's what we did.
And we had a way to full hour after the first plane hit the first tower until we finally,
somebody came to their senses and said, you know, maybe this is a good idea.
This is the time to be talking about stupid as ball games, okay?
Even on this stupid ass radio station.
113 at 560 WQM, if your mattress is worn out, don't be a stupid ass.
Do this smart thing and call our friends at dial amactris.
And when you think about mattresses, I'm sure you think CD-Poster Preeding,
at least I hope you do, because it's the top selling mattress brand in the USA.
It's the gold standard.
And when you think about buying your next CD-Poster Preeding,
think only of dial amactris.
1-800-Mapris, the easiest possible way to get you a great new CD-Poster Preeding,
with dial amactris as factory direct prices, nobody anywhere sells CD-Poster Preeding for less.
And dial amactris, curious, they are as big as inventory, all sizes and couple levels and stock,
ready for a same day delivery that you call.
In fact, like I always said, you can get a better night's sleep as soon as tonight,
if you make the call now.
1-800-Mapris, number one, a customer satisfaction.
And you choose the date and time for delivery.
And it's through our window that you pick, go let air cleft and skid fall out of it.
Though, but you pick the window.
Even the very same day that you call, with a no risk, 30 days.
530-Mapris.
Comfort trial in your own bedroom.
Plus, free setup and removal on all the livers as well.
I've been using dial amactris for a long time.
And if your old amactris is just plain and had it, instead of shopping around wasting a lot of time,
gas and money, thrown over 2 million happy customers who skipped the chains through it,
for fast, easy, affordable amactris from dial amactris.
It's an unbeatable combination all the way around.
Just call 1-800-Mapris, 1-800-MATTR-ES, and leave off the last S,
because it stands for STOOP and this Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-AS.
Yeah.
We prefer the company of men.
Who does the director of Get Rich or Die Tried?
Has he made anything up?
Homer Simpson stars in Get Pat or Die Tried.
Me, love, fear.
You know I like my breakfast fried or chicken fried?
I'm taking you all out for tacos.
I'm looking for something in an after dinner burrito.
Yeah, lose some weight.
Yeah, shut up.
Homer Simpson in Get Fats or Die Tried.
That's a great thing.
The way you can taste is the hog ain't it.
What do you say?
That's what I thought he said.
But 796 votes on a poll.
During Wilma, where did you get your best information?
TV Audio on Radio 194.
TV-191.
Those who had their generators, their pot, whatever they had.
WDQA on 152, 19%.
The Internet 115.
WIOG, they used to be a newsie place, but not so much so more 83.
Just a bastion of right-wing lunatics.
Sunsendle 24, WGNO14.
Palm Beach Post 9 and a Hero of 9.
That's it, RISC.
And WFTL 850 on the dial, Sultimenta Singa Cinco.
Cinque, 5.
Can we get to 800 already so I can just relax?
Yeah.
The stress and the pressure I'm getting like bad heartburn from this.
Oh, I got 802, don't you?
I just changed.
802, don't you?
You can start relaxing right now.
OK.
Well, that audio-fold thing, I mean, just, you know, it just throws you all off.
And the warning that I gave them is that I said, look, this system is prone to crash.
The smart thing is what they were doing and having two units in each studio.
Computers, there's cheapest dirt.
Right.
The one one crashes, you have a backup.
Yeah.
And they gave me the same response they always do.
Who are you, you know?
Yeah, whatever you know.
What could you possibly know?
We were the action dogs.
Right.
Nobody even likes you around here.
We don't want you in the building.
Why are you talking to us?
Right.
I'm going to tell you a more popular than somebody.
That's the nice story.
Oh, yes, trust me.
I've been in second place.
At least Tommy likes you.
There's one.
A four-month-old girl died when her inebriated mother fell asleep on top of her while breastfeeding
in Ashkash, Wisconsin.
Let's see when that happens.
All the time.
Lorenzo Hawkins told police she fell asleep about 15 minutes after she started breastfeeding
the baby from February 23rd.
But it sure took a long time for this story to get out because of her intoxication.
The baby was pale and was in breathing.
That's usually too bad science.
Hawkins was charged Friday with one kind of child neglect causing death.
Im convicted as a repeat felony offender.
She could be sentenced to 29 years in prison and find 100 grand.
The principalist even smits Ashkash for Hawkins' release on signature bond.
So she can add her substance abuse treatment.
But she remained jailed late Friday on $7,000 bond.
A preliminary hearing was scheduled for Thursday.
The 27-year-old who was on probation for child neglect had consumed six months.
The police, she was on probation for child neglect and consumed six double shot alcoholic
beverages that a bowling alley the complaint said.
A toxicologist estimated her blood alcohol levels range from 0.15 to 0.27%.
Her husband drove Hawkins and their four-year-old daughter to the bowling alley and later brought them home.
Then went out drinking himself according to the complaint.
They just can't get it up.
The baby was not responsible any more than an hour later the complaint said.
Hawkins was on probation for the neglect of the same child and was prohibited from drinking alcohol
while having unsupervised contact with all four of her children at once.
Court document sure.
But she had a little bit of any of these problems.
Okay. For sterilization, you see, if we would have been for that, she could have drank all she wanted.
And the only person she could have harm would have been herself or somebody she would have killed in her car driving drunk as opposed to that poor little baby.
Forced sterilization.
Just keep screaming those two words.
Open up the window and yell about like Howard Beale.
Forced sterilization starts now.
Dang it.
And I'll tell you where we need to start with those ragheads.
They multiply like cockroaches, man.
They're like making all these terrorist babies.
Them in the gypsies.
Oh, here we go. Andy and Miami Beach.
When you grow up already, I wonder if you heard Miss Drogge and blah, blah, blah.
No, I don't listen to Miss Drogge.
Okay. I want to listen to some fairy speak. I listen to myself.
I also want to tell you about a new gadget that you may find useful called the Sling Box, which lets you watch your home TV channels from anywhere in the world.
You sling it.
Basically, you plug your TV into the Sling Box and connect it to the internet.
Then you can log in and watch it live online from anywhere in the world.
You're able to change the channel anytime you give it a hook it up to a TV or a DVR and watch your recorded shows.
It works very well. It's very simple to use.
They have it all the major online and local stores like, oh, I don't want to say that one.
For about 250 bucks.
I don't want to say that one where they wait online for five hours.
Thirdly, says Andy.
I was listening to the XM radio 60s on Six Lies.
We could channel it you might like.
The whole channel is designed to sound like a 60s station.
And once a week they become an old time station from the 60s.
They play recordings of DJs doing their shtick including ads weather, etc.
And then once the DJ introduces the song, they switch to digital for the music.
Last week they were doing wolf and Syracuse and they had Marv Albertani sounded the same 40 years ago.
They do WQM all the time, too, and have tons of footage.
I think I heard it guys now still on the oldies station down here.
Couldn't be Ricky Shaw, could it?
Huh?
I'm sure.
Who else is still alive that would have been on 40 years ago?
Where the hell is his acupel?
Oh, geez, don't tell me I don't have that.
I can't find it.
Where is it?
It's found it.
Well, isn't that exciting?
Of course, if you want to hear that stuff, just about any cable system has got a face
frame for it.
I don't want that.
Oh, I don't want that.
All right.
No, we don't want dance moves.
No, we don't want that.
They might say some word.
No, we don't want her.
He might say something.
Oh, he might say something.
Oh, he might say something.
But you know what I'm saying.
What do you say about all these?
They're going to be inside the corner of my life.
That's Galaxy Pop Adult.
And there's the Max Trash Hitlist.
Be easy.
Well, that's the end of this.
It's J.M.
That's not it.
Yeah.
Hey, I'll see dance.
Yeah.
In your pants.
I'll see dance.
Yeah.
Oh, that's bad.
Oh, they got the 60s, the 70s, the 1860s.
I think the 80s.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
The municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
the municipal court clerk,
and the menu of the annual
coastal includes fresh oysters on a half-cell,
and a sushi bar with over 30 items,
but 30 items,
count them and if I'm lying, you're dying.
The annual coast also serves New York,
juicy steaks, cooked order,
and hand-car-prim rib,
and on the weekends,
they desert thing that's just unbelievable.
Leave room for the annual coast,
they miss 40 inch chocolate fountain,
and you can hand it to your own strawberries,
Marshmallows, other decon and treats,
maybe you can even stick your pets naked in there,
and don't forget the annual coast
for more hotel-to-living cooking,
all their fine cuisine with cholesterol,
freaking oil, no MSG,
no cornstarch, no crap,
no headaches,
just a big fat pupa when you walk out,
when you waddle out,
you'll be waddled after you eat all that food.
So book your reservations
to one of the annual coast three locations,
you'll find them in Sunrise,
Sunrise, Sunrise, Sunrise,
Sunrise Beach, and Pembroke Pines,
they all had snake talk on the tongue tie.
For the annual coast, it's 954-572-3822.
This is the annual russets.
That 132, we got 828 votes,
we're not going to make 900,
we'll have to stay until about 230.
567-0560, pound 562,
and he even made them mosquitoes,
next time one of them,
God Squad, Lunar Six starts giving you the God BS,
say, well, what did God make them a mosquitoes for?
What do you make a skater, Davis for?
To suck.
I see, I thought he did that with Belon Legosi.
567-0560, pound 562,
I may not take any more calls,
but I like it with the numbers out,
just to make them think I might.
Like this one, QAAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
May Neil, quick question.
Are you not allowed to play the,
the mold bit that he gets raped in?
No, wait, we only had about 40 of those.
Well, the one I do, even jail, and the blind people.
No chance, good on you, no chance.
We're not allowed to do play or say or do anything.
Okay, you better get with the program.
Okay, or you're going to get joyst yourself.
Get with it, right?
Right.
We got 27 minutes,
we need how many votes to get to 900?
I can't believe 71, that ain't going to happen.
That's like almost three a minute.
I mean, if you put your head to the ground,
your nose to the grindstone,
and they cut with a crap already, okay?
No.
I'll get out and push.
Yeah, push it a little bit.
It's not pushing, man, we got 27 minutes.
You better try pushing this audience.
This is not a difficult question.
Everybody should have an opinion on this.
How about another choice we ought to put on there real quick?
I got out of town.
Okay.
Isn't that a good one?
I know people who are out of town for most of the hurricane time.
That's a good one.
Like, they have to worry about their generator,
or their TV, or Tom Jerka, or any of these things,
or sit and listen to me pontificate on the radio about
where to get water and ice, and won't they be nice,
and all that other crap?
Got out of town.
Another choice.
See, we put a couple more choices on there,
and then we got an outside shot, again, to the 900.
I don't think so, though.
And they're going to, people are going to report us.
They're going to put it down in their diaries,
and say, Monday and A.C.
and even get 900 votes, and everybody's got their power back and stuff.
We need 65 and 26 minutes.
That's due to the math, like two and a half a minute.
Why are you doing that?
Why are you voting on our poll today,
which we really implore you to do it?
Even if you're lying, just make up.
Just make it up.
Tell me, will this send WFTL,
or will it make PDL any feel better?
And Bob Eisenberg, and Tom Denenberg,
and Sonny Rosenberg,
brushing three times a day as a tough task.
Who the hell brushes their teeth three times a day?
I don't know.
And you remember them telling us,
well, to do that.
Well, I guess they're after you know.
Yeah, very real.
Yeah, baloney.
Especially if you have baloney,
it gives you between your teeth.
Bushing three times a day as a tough task,
especially if you're roughing in the mountains of Afghanistan
or in the Iraqi desert.
So goes the logic behind a reason endeavor
by army and civilian scientists,
combat gum for soldiers to visit a brush.
And you like that, of course.
Combat gum.
Or can I get some?
The gum described at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists
Conventionist Week in Nashville of all places,
where they do a lot of gumming,
would contain a special bacteria fighting agent
to prevent plaque cavities and gum disease.
Oh, let's get a bunch.
They just look like chickens to me.
It's got a picture here.
They look like chickens.
Soldiers in the field offer like the necessary time
and means to brush and floss.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of flossing going on with the military.
They're just trying to stay the hell alive,
and they were going to worry about flossing.
Compound in the problem is the stress of combat,
which can encourage bacterial growth in the mouth.
I bet you didn't know that.
Nope.
Said Carol Dennis Runyon,
commander of the Army,
dental and trauma research detachment
and grade lake cellinoids.
Gum was considered an ideal solution
because the army already issues gum,
the soldiers in their field ration.
So like if Jeff Garcia is the quarterback of your army team,
anybody bring any gum?
Nobody wants fresh mouth?
Hey, Jeff, you're fairy.
Why do they even show that?
They're trying to make a point, John,
do you think when they keep showing that clip?
Maybe.
I mean, just hearing your speak point taken,
but what point taken?
Wow.
Anybody bring any gum?
Nobody wants fresh breath?
Look, look,
what kind of a plan the national football league?
Forget about it.
It says,
nobody wants fresh breath?
And says it quite that way.
I just, I don't know.
Dr. Patrick Deluca,
a University of Kentucky drug product developer,
is working to perfect the product
to try to make it taste better,
and ensure that it retains its flavor
and bacteria fighting ability for 30 minutes.
Busterity man!
When hour.
Once the development stage is complete sometime with them,
next year scientists will begin testing the gum,
possibly with army units.
Of course, they'll still be bogged down in Iraq.
You can bet your life on that.
We already bet theirs.
If the army decides to pursue the idea,
it'll probably team up with the manufacturer to produce the gum.
The army has been talking to companies like Chewing Gum Giant,
William Wrigley Jr. company,
where I'm going to say,
oh, the Wrigley's man,
who went to Wrigley Field,
where I'm going to say,
he hopes to see a finished product available within four years.
Oh, well, it's still being a rack.
The next big thing now,
now that they want to make learning Spanish,
mandatory and Florida schools,
which I think is just outrageous.
847 votes.
We need 53 and 23 minutes.
So how many things?
Can we do it?
What do you got?
Refresh it.
Put some of that, come on your mouth.
Put some of that juicy fruit in there, huh?
We did it.
No, thanks.
852.
Don't cut your votes before are they hatch, man?
Before an orange hatch.
The fourth rate is this to me,
and I've talked about this.
We've discussed this before,
and I don't know how they do it.
In fact, didn't you tell me Sabrina was learning Japanese
when she was over there?
Well, in high school.
She started in high school.
Here, took three years over here, and then went to Japan.
Yeah.
They teach Japanese in high school and Florida.
They have to qualify for a magnet program and then go to that appropriate school.
Well, my only question is, how can they teach Japanese when they can't even teach English?
Well, that's a good question.
Yeah.
They got a Japanese teacher to teach Japanese.
Maybe that's how they do it.
Look at that.
If we want to die for G-Ad, we have to do maximum damage.
It's like a tapped phone with some Shmata head.
Suspects members of a religious Islamic terrorist cell in Australia.
Maximum damage.
Shmata head is almost done.
I'm going to say that right now.
All the Shmata heads.
Then we'll be saved.
Birds and Shmata heads, not necessarily in that order.
The fourth grader is at Chicago's McCormick Elementary School.
Don't know Mandarin is supposed to be hard to learn.
I do like Mandarin Chinese in the Amsterdam.
Good restaurant.
For most who speak Spanish at home, it's becoming their third language.
They've been hearing and using Chinese words in kindergarten.
And now it's second age to give a hearty,
Nihau, when strangers enter the classroom.
Nihau.
Okay.
It's really fun since Miranda Lucas has taken a break from a lesson
that includes a Chinese interview with Jackie Chan.
I'm teaching them on the speak Chinese, she said.
The classroom scene in McCormick is unusual,
but it may soon be a common-fisher to American schools
where Chinese is rapidly becoming their hot new language.
Government officials have long wanted more focus on security useful languages like Chinese
and pressure from them, as well as from business leaders,
politicians and parents, has prompted a quick growth in the number of programs.
Chicago itself has come to the largest effort to include Chinese
and US public schools.
The program here is going to include 3,000 students in 20 schools
with more schools on a waiting list.
Programs have also spread that Houston, L.A., New York, and North Carolina.
When you go up to North Carolina, you'll be speaking Chinese and turning Japanese.
Right, Hau.
Is that how you say it?
I don't know, I don't know Chinese.
Well, that's what it says here.
Now, Hau and I, H-A-O, proponents you now to the Chinese.
I don't have them in the speaking, it's got very strange sounds,
but the writing like I've told you before,
each symbol is like a work of art.
Each year later requires like 75 different parts to it.
That's brutal, even for them.
God, proponents you now to the Chinese language and culture is a leg up in the global economy,
where China is growing as important.
This is beginning to bubble up as this is an interesting way to begin to engage with the world's next superpower.
It's said Michael Levine, he don't sound Chinese,
director of education at the Asia Society,
which is started at five new people in high schools that offer Chinese.
Globalization has already changed the arrangements in terms of how children today
are going to need to think about their careers.
The question is when, not whether the schools are going to adjust.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when, as Bob Green would say, as he lied to his team.
The number of students learning Chinese is tiny compared to how many studies Spanish or French,
but one report showed that peak religion enrollment nearly quadrupled between 1992 and 2002,
from 6,000 to 24,000.
When the college board pulled schools last year about offering an advanced placement program for Chinese,
it expected maybe a few hundred to say they were interested instead.
Twenty-four hundred high schools said they wanted to offer the class,
which will be ready by next year.
It's off the charts in terms of their expertise.
How do you understand?
All right.
There's Harry Reid.
The environment.
There's very boring guy, but for defeating the insurgency.
Third.
Yeah.
President Bush needs to submit on a quarterly basis a plan for success to Congress and to the American people.
This plan must specify the challenges and progress being made in Iraq.
Time tables for achieving our goals and estimated dates for redeployment from Iraq.
So you could then Democrats have picked a more boring minority leader than Harry Reid.
I mean, he's so calm and inducing, man.
Just unbelievable.
He makes it, David.
He seems like a Mexican jumping big.
They'll be about Joe Lieberman.
Yeah, I'd say let's request him with Joe Lieberman or real live wire.
This is a new Roger.
This is 5.16.Q.A.
I just got it.
Hey, ladies.
Always trained to be the professional football cheerleaders.
One of the only you can be trained by the best at the Carolina Banders cheerleading club.
If you're 18 or older, have a background in cheerleaders, have been wronged by a man at least once.
And like soft, sweet, and beautiful girls, then this campus for you.
This three day two night camp is limited to only 30 attendees who will spend their days in special seminars and their nights in 15 single beds.
You'll learn how to do this split in a bathroom show, how to cartwheel all the way to the police car,
and how to smile at the mug shot camera.
Plus, if the Carolina Banders cheerleader clinic, you'll learn cheerjoy teams.
Ah, ah, ah, you might be the team.
Ah, ah, ah, you can't leave us.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Well, maybe.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
But Carolina Banders cheerleading clinics.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
You're a concert by Stanley Steemer, your concertating specialist.
Reserve your space at the clinic now.
Call one, O-O-O-Girl on Girl.
That's one, O-O-O-Girl on Girl.
On 45 at 5.60 W.Q.M. 872 votes.
We got 15 minutes.
We need 28 votes.
You notice how we're ancient toward it?
Creepin.
872 or Creepin on.
Is that what you've got?
875.
I'll be damned.
China fans, mob sports, and they were speaking of China.
It's about Chinese now.
What?
876.
Oh, 24 votes in 15 minutes.
We got a good shot.
We can do that.
We can do that with our eyes closed, and our hands try to get it.
Kind of like we do the show every day.
We're hands tied together.
Especially with this great equipment that we got at QAIM.
20, I got 877, 77.
Yeah.
By the way, Disney saw all their radio stations.
WABC, huh?
WLS?
What happened to great if the beesleaves are good?
I'll take care of them.
No, no chance.
Sommel cashless and WABC and WLS and whatever they got.
Huh?
Yeah, that'd be funny.
I know, you silly person you.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the millionaire movie star.
Oh, I got Arnold Bitt here.
I guess I probably should play this before we just roaring stirring.
Hi, this is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger with another California report.
This week, I want to tell you about some fantastic news for transportation in our state.
I recently signed a budget so that Californians can spend less time with their families at home,
and more time sitting in a traffic congestion.
Since I became governor, I've held town hall meetings all across California to talk with
the people about how to improve our state.
One woman came up to me at the meeting and said, traffic barely moving day after day after day.
She wanted less time at home, having dinner with her family and more time stuck on a freeway.
Stories like hers make it clear that we need, with, like, on our roads across our state.
This demonstrates once more, I solve the problems.
Thank you very much for listening.
You're doing a baby.
Next step, I'm going to ask for an initiative to 890, and we need a 17 vote.
In 20, in 13 minutes.
Okay, that's like a little more than one minute.
Jesus, God, they could even do that on a QM website if they had not many people listening.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the millionaire movie star in governor of the US state of California,
made a big splash at his first event in China Monday today, perhaps too big of a splash for a security detail.
After dozens of photographers and fans mobbed him in the Chinese capital, they left Arnold in California, out in China.
Not so much in California, no more, so he's moving west.
Go west, old man.
Schwarzenegger were just finished speaking at an event, ordering these special Olympics program in China,
when Bedlam descended on him and his entourage.
He and his wife Maria Schreiber were momentarily separated from their official security detail,
and Chinese police had a shovel away photographers and curious onluckers who surrounded the couple.
With new experience for Schwarzenegger, when recent months has been done by protesters in California,
as he promoted his special expensive election that he got to wallop down.
Schwarzenegger arrived in Beijing on Monday to start a six-day mission to promote California products,
and occurred Chinese officials to crack down on the price on the piracy of copyrighted music movies and software.
Also on his agenda, political rehabilitation.
Will it help? No chance.
Cornish self, and that's what the Chinese would say, and I can spell it in Chinese or any of this.
Cornish Telfin, what do you got on there? I got 883.
There's Bill Schneider participating.
Finally, over a year later, he said, I was wrong.
I should not have voted for that war.
Oh yeah, right. John Edwards, are you impressed by him? No.
No. This business about, well, I was wrong, I should have...
It's so easy to do that. You know, it's bull bull.
At least how our dean was against it then, but he's against it now.
You know what was wrong when he was voting for it? Right.
Right. Right, sakes.
A bunch of bull-o-knit-in. They didn't have the call.
He always did do it, man.
Last week, I'll tell you that.
He slipped right down at Grease Polls.
He slipped right down? Yeah, he slipped right down.
What do we got? We got 900 yet?
I got an 890.
We're going to do this.
We'll do this. You can't touch us when it comes to this Poll thing, man.
We're all over. Let's think on Joyce.
Brandon. Oh, that's where Josh lived in Brandon for two years.
Did you know that? No.
We found that out on Friday when you were away at the park.
Where the hell did you go, Frank?
Tampa. Oh.
Well, I mean, Brandon, you know where Brandon is?
I didn't know. I mean, that's where all the fast food joints are, man.
That's all it is.
Just adventure for a fast food joints.
It can be difficult to add a little spice to your life when you were jail,
but everything's the same day and day out.
But inmates at the Holtberg County Jail are trying.
The inmates have been growing hot peppers as part of a Horticulture program
at the Jail for about a year.
Well, one of them made a suggestion to make it into a sauce.
Alan Boatman, the Horticulture program's director,
Greed to be a good idea.
And residents of the Falconberg Road Jail and Brandon,
you where that is, Josh? I don't.
Well, you better get with it.
You better go back to home and learn about your Brandon in the geography.
Residents of the Falconberg Road Jail and Brandon are now the proud makers of Jail House Fire Hot Sauce.
Well, I wonder what the fast food joints are going to start using that in Brandon?
That's on Highway 60, George.
You drive it into Tampa when you're going to wait a day to download tellos?
Through that premium road of peace.
Right. And you got like, even fast food pays that haven't been invented yet.
And even ones that have been out of business for a hundred years, like Carol's.
I mean, they're all there in Brandon.
It's just a fast food mecca, fast, fast food.
The food here is kind of institutionalized, so it helps Boatman set.
Boatman and his students spent two years perfecting the recipe,
a hybrid of a Caribbean style hot sauce and a mustard sauce.
They recently produced their first batch, 96 five ounce bottles,
it's self-referred $3.00 in the quarter each.
The revenue goes back to the inmate canteen fund and the culinary and horticulture programs for inmates.
Well, that would be great.
Wouldn't you like to be in the culinary program of the Falconberg Road Jail and Brandon?
I'll pass that one.
That was that one of those faith-based prisons.
Otherwise, I'm not going.
No, it is not.
All right.
Priority customers like Sheriff David Guy,
where that G have already bought half the first batch.
I wonder if he's related to Mr. Guy.
By next year Boatman hopes to sell Jailhouse Spire to the general public
through an internet-based distributor.
The sauce is made from a mixture of several varieties of herbs and hot peppers,
or some illiterate people say herbs and hot peppers.
I'll grow them more than six acres behind the jail.
Among the peppers are habaneros, scotch bonnet and jalapenos.
What are habaneros?
I still think they come from Havana.
Yeah.
But otherwise, I don't know what to think about it.
I've seen some other hot things coming from Havana.
I mean, it may say they prefer their own version of Jailhouse Spire,
which is considerably hotter than what they sell from Askins.
It's a macho thing, Boatman said,
you know, I can eat the hottest pepper, he said.
And be very careful where you say that.
I eat great.
I'm a great pizza.
Yeah.
Eat this.
893 were on the verge, baby.
David and Samson's got nothing on us.
And I'm still going to say Mike Baradino is a sour pus.
Even Josh Cordes agrees with that.
He's just so negative.
And you ought to be upset with him,
because that's your livelihood, Amanda Marlins.
Yeah, he's pretty sour.
Really sour guy.
You think those jalapenos are bitter?
You have nothing to do to get Dave Joseph and Mike Baradino together.
I wonder how long before we get to Dave Joseph Hockey show on with Hank in the morning, huh?
When's that going to start?
So, or how about Denise Palfan?
Now, he's still not still doing that thing on the stage, is he?
We keep finding out about these things by accident,
because it's too embarrassed to tell us, huh?
What thing is that?
Denise Palfan Hockey segment during hockey season, he's doing it with the Humper.
I sure hope we're not doing that.
We got 895, and now we're stuck.
We can't get off that 895 thing, just like the man dogs said,
he's stuck and can't make no progress.
Now, what he said?
895.
What do you got?
895.
Well, we better do the break.
And when we come back, if we don't count like 900, I'm going to tell you,
this audience is going to get a stern, what for?
You know what I'm saying?
A Howard Stern, what for?
We're going to, like, pee right into your radio.
This is Neil Rogers.
Or this is 5.62.8.
It's game time!
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA.
I'm in town at 5.62 WQA!
I'm selling it for $10,000.
Okay, speaking of them or at least part of them we got more coming by at two o'clock mad dog four to seven
courtesy of ten thirty at ten thirty at surrogates warm up eleven o'clock it's the
u.m. basketball and air force from the BCA classic in Seattle with Joseph
Gacchi and Clarence and a bunch of other group balls. You gonna be standing up for that?
Oh no. 900 eight votes we did it we got the 900 study more than we can all
decide about we knew we could do that right right we do if Josh would have
pushed it early but he came in late today because he got caught in that mess
in the traffic that's what it was I know that if you'd been there on time we'd
have the thousand easy so we'll blame you for that just like Josh the
responsibility like a real man on a Friday for Adam McIntyne because
Josh was the one who outed him about that dessert fountain at the end of
coast uh oh and that was the beginning of the n-for-for-Adam and so they said hey
Adam if you want to leave he said guess what I want to leave and it's okay see
it it was like that good guy Adam we wish you all ready but boy go sell
something during Wilma where did you get your best information TV audio on
radio to 19 TV to 13 Q a m one seventy one oh thanks god almost nineteen
percent of this audience listen to me rambling and us whoever we were
puking on all that uh... boring info internet hundred twenty eight
w i d ninety five sunsendle twenty six w g and o twenty pondy's post thirteen
the herald the anxious mind me here old nine
i got out of town see that's what really put us over the edge we ended up on
the world i tell you i got out of town seven seven smart people and wftl eight
fifty they're doing it so lament they say
bye bye bye
