What do you know about anything?
You're just some dope sitting by the phone without a job.
Hello?
What was that when you said you were just a mediator?
What's that echo I'm hearing now?
I don't know.
Oh, I'm hearing one too.
What the hell is that all about?
Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
Yeah, I can hear that echo.
Yeah.
We don't have Bob Shepard to talk it up though.
No.
Boy, Bob Shepard is still there.
There's a 140 years old.
I heard him do that thing about the moment of silence for Wellington.
Yeah.
The Giantskin.
Yep.
And he doesn't sound good anymore either.
You know what I mean?
Somebody oughta tell Bob, you know, you're great and nobody had a voice like you and you
know, I would legendary.
But that's it, Bob.
Yeah.
When I used to go to the press box with my father when I was a kid, Bob Shepard was
though.
You know.
Bob Shepard was a PA guy then.
Right.
And he looked old then.
Well, I'll give you an example.
It may believe gardens for about 600 years.
There was a guy named Paul Morris who did the PA for the relief schemes.
He finally went to the air candidate center.
I think he did one season and then he said, okay, that's it.
I'm an old man and then he retired.
You know what I'm saying?
He's a total doll.
Sometimes old guys oughta retire.
Ah, like us?
No, I'm not thinking about it.
We're still doing it.
Yeah.
I had somebody else in mind.
I don't want to get started though because I heard that yesterday I ran all somebody's
cage and he got really all bent out of shape and went through a whole tie-ray.
And I don't want to do that.
Oh, was it the pizza story that set up?
It was a pizza story.
See, I have a suggestion because I'm sure he's listening right now because this
seems to be as hobby as listening to this radio.
I think he's in New York.
No, he's not.
He's back.
You better get with it, Mr.
You're not on with the schedule.
No, I don't know.
But the way to get people to stop talking about the aberrant, grotesque subhuman things
that he does inside the building is to stop doing them.
That would be a good start.
Yeah, that people wouldn't talk about them.
Exactly.
In other words, during the hurricane, everything you think there would be a time people trying
to give each other helping hands, sharing some gas, whatever, going out and getting some
food, whatever needs to be done as opposed to hijacking other people's food and then
like bitching them out for a hog in it and like rushing out of the room.
You know, unacceptable.
It's an entitlement.
And Claire, I had to chat with Claire before the show this morning.
He just don't understand it.
Among other things.
Ted Chatwood Duff, he don't understand it.
See, the thing of it is Mo, it's not Neil.
It's not George.
It's not Hank.
It's everybody.
There must be a reason for it.
Okay, the whole world is wrong.
Look in that mirror if you can.
If you can stand it.
I know I have a tough time in the morning.
Look in the mirror, see if you can handle it and say, what am I doing wrong?
Why can't I coexist with other people?
As opposed to us, we get along with everybody.
Right.
I can't think of one.
I'm trying to think.
Well, I'm sure that there are other people in the building, hate me like poison and
probably you too.
But as far as coexisting and getting along with him, I don't have a problem with other
people there.
Yeah, I've had it except for the incident in the parking lot.
She's not here anymore.
Right.
She loves me.
She does?
I mean, doing what an IOD, well, it's what she says.
The only one I can think of was Boy Geary that you had a problem with IOD.
Yeah, well, with PDs now and then.
Yeah, well, he was.
Yeah, he was.
Don't say it though.
He thought he had a job for life.
That was the best.
He thought he had a job for life.
All these people who are in denial.
See, if the whole world hates you, there must be a reason the whole world can't be wrong.
Okay?
It's just like George Bush, if his approval raised out of 35% now.
If 65% of America finally wised up in Karate, they couldn't all be wrong.
It's sinking every day like the stock market.
Yeah, that is correct.
That is correct.
We got 2035 dead Americans now.
And now finally, after I don't understand where the media has been, where have they been
all this time?
Richard Clark wrote that book and Paul O'Neill wrote a book and everybody was screaming
bloody murder in Scott, Ritter at Hans Blixen.
There's no weapons and never wore any and the media didn't want to listen.
I'm hearing that echo and it's going to drive me nuts.
Where is that coming from?
George is out sick today.
So we've got all he is.
We have issues.
You know, who's working with you then?
We got, let's see, Shai is going to be doing Shai over with Josh Cordes.
Yeah.
And then we got the beast coming in.
So your people are coming into a pickup to the aload, share the load.
Well, they're good people.
They're good people and they will not be stealing our pizza.
I don't know what you're chuckling about.
I think that there was a funny story but it was just a typical example of, you know,
being socially un-capable of co-existing with other people.
You know, sometimes these sports shows, I can maneuver people on this show and that's
what I enjoy about it.
If I want to, I know how to hit the hot buttons with those University of Miami fans and just
infuriate them.
Oh yeah, well that's easy.
Yeah, there's nothing easier than that.
There are a bunch of real loses.
Yep.
Half the people who are University of Miami fans couldn't get in there.
Right.
Well, that's the thing that I still don't understand is that, you know, when they had the great seasons
of winning the National Championships, like you said yesterday, everybody jumps on the
bandwagon.
It's as phony as its synthetic is can be.
And even during those years when they played like one of the girls teams on the schedule,
they had like 18,000 people and they were like 35,000.
Yeah, but I can remember when they did have 18,000 people.
Oh, I remember when they almost folded.
Right.
They were going to go to Division 2 or go out of business altogether.
Yeah.
See, I went to the New York State and I'll be honest with you.
I don't, when their games are around, I watch a little bit because I know they'll choke
into clutch and I know I pay attention to you.
I know that the two pizza places in East Lansing that you were talking about.
Right.
I was talking about pizza places.
I was talking about satellite hamburgers.
Oh, satellite hamburgers, that's right.
Variety driving was the place used to deliver to the dorms.
Well, what was the one that you were talking about that had the real thin burgers and the
satellite?
Oh, yeah.
What are they?
Are they like the ones that you get from the local guy here?
No, no, these were like full-size.
No, they weren't sliders.
No, these weren't like the, no, not sliders.
These were like regular burgers, but very, very super thin patties so you could have like
10 of them and with the cheese in between each slice, it just enough to choke a horse.
I was looking at a horse.
It's the true story I told about Henry's.
Yeah.
That was right up the road.
A horse meets the road.
But they were serving horse meat at Henry's at burgers.
Now, I think they were open.
I'm not too sure.
That's like the rumors they say about, you know, in New York and Chinatown.
They spread rumors about the competition talking about the, you know, when you see the guys
late at night walking around with the cats and the sacks.
Yeah.
Well, at least it gets them off the streets anyway.
Yeah, those are the days, boy.
But like I started to say before you started with the food stuff, you know, I went to Michigan
State and I like to see them win.
But I don't, I don't watch their games for the most part.
I mean, if it's on, I might watch, you know, maybe five to ten minutes, because I can
avoid the aggravation of them blowing lead every week.
But it's not a big deal.
But people who didn't even go there, what's the point?
See, that's why I don't understand.
If you didn't go to a university, I mean, why do you have to be such a fanatic?
And it's only came when they started having a great success.
That's the only time those people jumped on the van wagon.
When I had my season tickets that fat rich and I paid for, it's a dolphin games for several
seasons.
And these silly people who would sit around us, you know, and they come, they wouldn't
have their dolphin paraphernalia on.
They had their hurricanes jackets on and a caps and the t-shirts.
And I wonder, you know, you're in a dolphins game.
Why are you wearing this crap?
And that's some of them before the game.
We turn around, hey, Neil, how'd you like that, Kane's game last night?
I didn't watch it.
I don't care.
They should only rot in hell.
Who cares, you know?
And I guess they assume because it had Kane's baseball for six years, that some of
the transferred to the football program, nothing would be further from the truth.
I mean, the truth is, I like to see them win because I know the coaches and, you know,
I like a lot of the people who I met down there.
I'm trying to think of teams that I root harder to lose.
Notre Dame, Michigan, and then I think of the Kane's.
Those are the three teams that root hardest against.
Now the anti-n Notre Dame people are starting to root for Notre Dame because it's Charlie
Wise, I guess.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm a big Patriots fan and I don't root for Notre Dame because it's Charlie
Wise.
I might root for him because of Brady Quinn, but that's another story.
I think the Patriots might beat Indianapolis Monday night.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I can't from your mouth to the Lord's ears.
I can't believe you said that.
They beat them seven straight times.
I know, but they got their still, their defense is still pretty shaky.
Pretty wobbly.
But they somehow, they were all out to win that game.
See, I wanted to ask you this yesterday and forgot.
How is it that, you know, Teddy Bruski comes back.
It's one of the great field good sports stories in a long, long time.
The media is all fired up and whipped up.
They're making a big deal about if the fans are foaming at the mouth.
It's a home game right there in Fossboro.
And the team comes out and the first record is a dive game.
The offense played like they were in a coma.
I just don't get it.
Yeah.
What was that all about?
I don't know because Buffalo as a team was the worst team in a league.
They had to run.
Right.
And, and, and, and no England just looked flat and lay there.
I mean, they were coming off.
They had two weeks to get ready too.
Right.
They looked like they missed the bus to the stadium or something.
I, and that was one of my losers this week.
Really?
I thought if there was a sure thing that they would just blow out Buffalo with all the
emotional stuff going on.
Yeah.
Do you think they really have a chance to beat the Coleson?
I do.
Sandy Payton Manning?
I think they were looking ahead last week.
Now, what are all these derisive things these rumors have heard about Sandy Payton Manning?
That's really, uh, outrageous.
About Payton?
Yeah.
I haven't heard those.
Well, look, I gave you the pizza story yesterday.
I think that's enough for you to handle this week.
I don't want to overload your system.
Okay.
It's called camaraderie in the NFL.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Well, that's what it's called.
Here at QA and it's camaraderie.
It's only we just have to.
Yeah, we all hate one guy.
We got great pizza.
Back off.
Oh, no.
I think I'm out of here.
Oh, yes.
Okay.
We'll have a great day.
You too.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Where is so much of my dog?
I don't get no problem.
I'm going to go.
Going.
Going.
Going.
I've got to drive back.
Is that the new dog's home?
That's what I'm doing.
Going.
Going.
Going.
Go!
Go!
Go.
Going.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
That's how I was.
Sport, hold, go, got the sensor.
You can fly.
When you go, go, enjoy.
That's what you're doing.
That's interesting.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Wow!
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Go, go, go, enjoy.
Oh, here's some goodness for the Humper, by the way.
Thanks Bill for faxing in the information.
Says, listener for over 18 years.
Boy, you must be old like me, Bill.
But anyway, it says, Carter is running a full car today.
Oh!
Says, we're open at 11 o'clock this morning.
The Polka room is open, and so please let everybody know.
Well, I just did Bill now repeat it numerous times.
Don't let me forget.
Don't forget.
Okay, Carter's running, starting 11 o'clock this morning.
A full car.
So now the Humper's got something to look forward to.
You can go out there and plunge his guts out.
Sure he's got something right over here.
Let me say it again, Moll.
I just want to say one last thing.
I don't want to dwell on this anymore than three or four hours today.
But the fact of the matter is if you're all bent out of shape,
you probably shouldn't have lifted those guys pizza.
If you wouldn't have done it, we wouldn't have talked about it,
because it wouldn't have happened.
I'd like to know, what about that story isn't true?
What part isn't true?
It's just a par for the course.
It's an ugly sad episode.
See, there's some people I like to pull all the shenanigans behind the scenes,
and then everybody's face come out like Sandy Payton.
She was a real good one at IOD.
Oh, hello everybody.
You know, on the air she put on this phone in front,
and behind the scenes, almost everybody in a building at IOD,
hit it or like poison.
When I went to work over there, they started telling me stories,
make your hair's pearl.
Make your hair grow.
So, you know, people want to pull stuff off the air behind the scenes,
and then they get all bent out of shape when the public finds out about it,
because it gives the people a better insight as to why everybody hates them like poison.
But that's all I have to say about that.
I hope you enjoy the pizza.
I hope you enjoyed the pizza.
I hope it was real tasty.
Here's our poll result from yesterday.
Who is your all-time favorite dead celebrity?
1350 votes.
Not too bad.
By the way, George is out sick today,
so the people I'd like to call and make comments about George,
wait until he comes back tomorrow.
He's got the fever.
Does he really?
Yeah, he called me actually before the day.
Got the chills and fever?
Yeah.
Well, no wonder he does.
He's got no power.
I think he has a Sue F.P.N.L.
That's what I would do.
George, I'd sue their ass for about five million.
I'll take one.
I'll take 20%.
Or maybe I'll take five-third of the match.
I'm even better.
I'll take a million and a half and give a half million to Josh,
and I'll take the even million.
Sounds good.
I like that.
Seriously, I mean, he's had no power.
He got a sick household there, because you can imagine when it's like trying to keep the air breathable and everything going.
He's got the generator going,
so they're probably breathing those gas biomes,
and they're all sick in the Rodriguez household,
because then I'll give it a couple of minutes here,
but if he's still doing a horseball job,
and anybody that wants to kiss their ass, man, I got news for you.
You're not fooling anybody.
These people, oh, F.P.N.L. doing a wonderful job.
You know, like the Schmidt Nights throw over there in there.
Oh, it's sitting in Tampa, sitting in the air-conditioned studio.
Oh, they're doing a wonderful job.
Yeah.
I'm sitting all the way up here in my nice air-conditioned place
and looking at the sun outside,
and I know they're doing a horrible job,
because that's all they ever do.
Plus, I have my internet.
Who's your all-time favorite dance celebrity?
We ask yesterday, John Lennon blew away the competition.
155.
Nice going, John.
John Balushi 87.
Bob Marley, edge-dough, John Candy.
We almost had three Johns and a Rother,
but Bob Marley, edge-dough, edge-mout, 80 to 78.
John Candy IV.
Roddy Dangerfield 64, L of his 63.
Phil Hartman 61.
Chris Farley 57, Johnny Carson 54,
Groucho Mars 42.
Frank Zappa 39, Jimmy Hendrix 37, Frank Sinatra 36.
Oh, that's sad.
Lucille Ball 33, Carol O'Connor 33.
Jackie Gleason 32.
Curly of Curly and...
What was the other one?
And...
Yeah, 29.
Who the hell did I leave out?
Curly, uh...
Moe and...
The other one.
You were in the...
What the hell do you know about the three students?
I know Curly and Moe.
Everybody knows that.
Well, who's the third one?
I'm leaving out...
Larry?
That wasn't his name.
Yeah, Larry Curly and Moe.
Marilyn Monroe 28, Jim Morrison 27, John Wayne 24,
great Charles 24, Senguy.
Freddie Mercury 22, Johnny Cash 20, Bruce Lee 19,
Giller Ragnar 18, Jimmy Stewart and George Harrison 17,
a piece.
Marlon Brando only 16.
What's the matter with you?
Silly Cruz 15, Elizabeth Montgomery and Bob Hope 13,
a piece.
Jack Lemon 12, Marvin Gaye 10, Marvin Gaye,
Charles Schultz 9, Jim Cochie 16,
Rayburn got up to six, nice going, you know.
John Denver 6, Tony Randall 6, River Phoenix 6, Paul Lennon 5,
Badiar Buckle 5, Buddy Holly 5, Raymond Burr,
Gaye 4, Jack Par 3, William Holden 3, Louis 9, 3,
Sonny Bono 3, Steve Allen 2, Michael Endon 2, and Jack Webb,
Solomon Thauno, but at least everybody got at least one vote.
So Jack Webb, he's snuck in there with one.
Why would that be your favorite, did celebrity Jack Webb?
He would have personality like a prune.
10, 14, oh well that was the character he was playing.
I mean you did a good job of playing a character,
but you didn't have to act much.
Kind of like Kevin Costner when he plays a real boring guy.
He doesn't have to act at all.
If he wants to be the same God bless America
and paste these into G-string up here, I'll do it.
All right.
I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I
do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do why I do I do I do why I do D
I get them just in a hole.
Yes.
I've waited to say this to you.
If they display that's leaving me close.
Three every five votes on our poll all rated.
They're pretty proud of that.
Aren't you and I'm pretty proud of the fact that our friends Shawn out there in Hollywood.
Send us their list yesterday of a whole new bunch of polls.
Good ones too Shawn. It's about time. I mean nice going.
All right.
Pio. Huh?
That all right.
Well how would you like to have to come up with a different poll idea every day?
It's not bad enough to put those stupid, I mean there's great stories on the website.
But how do you like to have to come up with a different poll idea?
Because the South Florida audience generally, you know.
I'm all set.
You don't want to have this responsibility too.
I was thinking that might be a really good idea for you.
Well maybe, you know, maybe another zero on the check.
I'll come up with it.
How about like over there it's your old station.
Oh, zero.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah that sounds good.
311 votes.
Who do you wish had become president now, recent or past or whenever?
Al Gore 101.
Well he actually won the election but don't confuse people with the facts, including him.
Bobby Kennedy 80.
That's what I voted.
Bobby Kennedy whatever we wouldn't have had Nixon.
We wouldn't have had Watergate.
We wouldn't have had the spirit, spirit, agnus.
We wouldn't have any of that stuff.
But never mind.
We wouldn't have the word dragon on for all those other years.
And we probably would have had like 20 or 30,000 kids not come on body bags.
But nevertheless, in Vietnam.
Bobby Kennedy 80.
That's how a dean I'm in.
I'm going to have a health care system that covers everybody.
You go Howard.
Dean.
John McCain 53.
John Kerry only 26 and that kind of interesting, huh?
Well not really.
What do you mean by that?
Well they don't like it.
You know anybody who's real crazy about John Kerry?
No.
Okay.
Not too much waffling, too much worldwide.
He was against it before he was for it and then all of a sudden crap.
And just too much waffling man.
How it's just it's inconceivable that a guy who was a decorated warrior or could lose to
a draft Dodger, especially right in the middle of any legal phony war.
It's just amazing.
But he did it.
Or at least so they say John Kerry 26.
Ted Kennedy 11.
You go Ted.
Have another one.
Mario Cuomo 11.
Well he said, I got a hand it to him.
At least he was honest about it.
He said he never was going to run for president because he had too many skeletons in the family closet.
You know that Sicilian thing?
Yeah.
Too many Sicilian in the family trees.
So as he was, whatever that means, I think we know what it means.
Not that we want to create a stereotype like all Sicilians are Mafiosi, but there are some.
Hewber Humphrey in fact did Jorlein Ferraro who ran for vice president with Walter Mondale, although I notice Walter's not on here yet.
That's because I didn't put him on there.
Let's see.
Hewber Humphrey 8.
See there's another one.
If he would have just to disassociate himself with LBG and the war just about a month sooner or a couple weeks sooner, he would have beaten Nixon 68, too.
Hewber who we saw the public dying of in Time Magazine.
George McGovern 7.
Adelaide Stevenson 6.
Nelson Rockefeller 5.
Michael DeConcus 3.
I bet you didn't even know who Adelaide Stevenson was, do you?
If he walked in there right now, which would be America who's been dead for a long time, he wouldn't recognize him, would you?
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
Adelaide Stevenson?
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
Adelaide Stevenson?
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
Adelaide Stevenson?
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
I'd probably hide my feet like a coward.
There you go.
Actually, what he's going to do is just make up places.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
And by the way, Adam, don't come back with any more excuses.
That was the reason that you were getting up real early in the morning
that you chose to work with Hank.
No comment.
Okay.
Now, you see that?
No comment.
Oh my God.
That speaks volumes right there.
If we can't count on Charlie, we'd put in a good word for the old...
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Myster, who can we count on, man?
I'm trying.
You're trying like crazy.
Maybe Robert will do it.
He lines a lot.
We're still looking for that good word.
Yeah.
Robert lies on.
See, he won't think about Robert.
He's a...
The reason he's still there is a human chameleon.
Whoever he's working with, man, he'll suck up to their face line.
Like crazy.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right.
This one is...
Yeah.
But in behind our back, just, man, the knives are just plunging all over the place.
Here's the FPL numbers as a sixth this morning.
I looked for the 10 o'clock, but it's too... they don't have it yet.
As of 6 a.m. this morning in Broward County, a very, very unacceptable number.
624,700 restored, but still...
It's 238,000.
This is 10 days after Wilma.
238,000 plus still out in Broward.
Chameful.
In Dade County, 765,900 restored, but almost 200,000, 190,600 still out.
And in Palm Beach County, 561,900 had been restored, but 101,600 still out.
So in other words, they've got over a half a million people around the state still without
power and the overwhelming majority as a matter of fact, all except for 2,000 tortuous.
All are except for 2,000 are in Dade Broward in Palm Beach.
They're 500 in St. Lucie and Martin County's got 1,500 out.
And all the other ones are in Dade Broward in Palm Beach.
Well, how do you like that?
And I realized that we took the biggest fund to the store, but nevertheless,
it is totally absolutely puking, dosing, and absolutely unacceptable by any measure.
I mean, when we get to the point where we're actually saying good things about Ike Siemens,
you know that FPL is really a full crap.
This is Neil Rogers.
Aaron Brown is out at the PNM.
And up at the Wining already, Aaron.
I have to find a panel act.
I'll take you to the pool.
I wish I had more money than I.
And don't do much for standing still.
Those racquet houses are the way.
Those pretty, fairly tall.
What gets me moving for a while.
And now we're getting raw.
Look at me, that's right there.
Foxy, head around.
Foxy, head around.
That's right there.
Foxy, head around.
Foxy, head around.
This way, that we throw a tarot ball.
We could chop the stalker through.
Fire at the Gen 5 gun.
And blow those towels and throw in.
I ain't no doubt you can try this.
Foxy, head around.
Foxy, head around.
That's right there.
Foxy, head around.
10.35, 60, WCM.
Let's see where that stage is.
And lowest back from New York, we got my close personal buddy,
the molemeister at 2 this afternoon, the pizza thief.
Maddog 4 to 630.
Panther preview 630 is 7 and the panthers at Boston.
That's the Fleet Center to play the Bruins.
Bruins are, come see them, Sather, in and out.
They're OK.
7 o'clock tonight with Gully and,
Red, your, silly, red, your Randy.
And then we got Curtis for 80K at 10 tonight.
Because I'm assuming 80K is on his way back from Vegas, right?
He's plunging his gut sound.
He is plunging his brains out out there in Vegas.
Just, uh, hand over fist and speak of that.
Let me see it again in case the Humphers in his car in a way out.
Calder is running a full car today,
opening at 11 o'clock this morning.
Folk Room is open too.
So, bill over there says, let everybody know.
Please, and you're welcome, Bill.
And thank you so much.
You see, here we go.
CNN, what are they hyperventilating?
And I was a missing girl in your Chatsworth,
Cala O2 girls missing, your Chatsworth, California.
So the chicken and rubah that they never found.
That's story.
They couldn't keep milking that one anymore.
So now, see, there we go.
She's got black boots.
And, uh, yeah.
Another two girls?
Two girls.
Amanda Craglino.
Now, don't tell me you're getting sucked into this story.
No, I was just going to say, does that mean that it's going to be twice as long as the arugula?
Oh, yeah.
Twice as much covered.
Good point.
Yeah.
Twice as much as used to fill up a lot of airtime.
Hyperventilating.
How many, how many thousand missing people do you think there are in the US right now?
30,000 minimum.
And yet they pick and choose whatever it is.
It's always women, by the way, you notice that.
Not that they're sections, but it's always missing girls.
Never missing guys.
Ever.
No guys go missing, I guess.
Right?
I guess so.
No one in the news.
Missing females, they're walking to a stable in Chatsworth, California about a block away.
They've been missing since 5.30 Pacific time last night.
That's 8.30 our time.
So that's like 14 hours they've been missing.
Holy Toledo, man.
So now there's a Mrs. Limbaugh.
She's sitting on a bat bat.
I bet about me like that.
Hyperventilating.
It's just more time to fill up as opposed to talking about the needless dead people in Iraq and the soldiers and about all this other stuff.
About Tom Delay and the Bill Fist and about Scooter Libby who's going to court today.
All these things.
Now we don't want to talk about that.
Let's kill a lot of, oh here we go.
See that?
Finally the power of Neil comes through.
The report room that is being used because of the white interest in this.
The first 95-year-old Bob Franken tells us all about Scooter Libby.
Anyway, let's get into this good stuff.
All the way see we do have some calls on here.
Do you think he might be worthwhile or not?
I'm sure they're fantastic.
Okay. WQYM, hello.
Hello Neil.
Now I knew that.
I knew he was going to be first. WQYM, hello.
How you doing Neil?
Good.
Neil, this is the time that we need to bond together and you know stop the hate.
Don't you think?
That's a boy friend.
Oh that's it?
This is Reverend Jones' boyfriend.
Yeah, one two.
They're probably on the same line.
He's probably got the cord wrapped around his well somewhere.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Clark.
That's what we're doing for 30 years.
You are right.
You know who I haven't heard from in a long time and I'm worried about him.
I think he may have croaked during the storm.
We can only pray.
The whisperer.
No, he's a member.
Oh yeah, you're right.
Yeah, pull the leaves.
He's boring, though.
I'm talking about that whisperer.
I do.
Haven't heard from him.
We're very concerned.
Might have to set out a search party.
Might have to call CNN.
Even though it is a guy we think.
We're not too sure.
But if we don't have the whisperer, we may not be able to continue.
I might have to just roll into the room and go back to the sack.
56670560S.
Tom 566 in the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
WQYM, hello.
A boy's annoyed.
I mean the mo.
WQYM, hello.
Not there.
QYM, Ola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I've been calling since 10 o'clock.
I've been listening to the radio since 8.
And then that's the good way that he tickets on the radio stations that they ever did.
What do you mean by that?
Sure we did.
Right before the show they played that mad dog.
Yes, screaming young.
You better get with it, Mr. Hitta.
The reason why he's here is that Waxi built up out of your ears.
He's probably listening to the Ron Station.
He's probably listening to that loser station.
But that's okay because they need your help.
Believe you me.
They need you desperately.
So we've taken 5 calls now.
And the first one we get is like a semi-human being.
He wants some heat tickets.
Oh, we're on the right track.
Yeah, we're really moving on the right track.
By the way, we got all the tickets you want right now.
For whatever it is, you name the event and we'll send you a whole bunch of crap.
We'll send you a bunch of...
It'll look like maybe it was once tickets.
It's just a bunch of paper that got soaked during the storm.
You know how paper gets when it gets like really soaked and it's just like pulp, you know?
Yeah.
So we're going to send you a bunch of pulp in an envelope and trust me what I've said to those
used to be some very valuable tickets.
Right there like sky box tickets and stuff like that.
You can still try to go to the event, see if they'll let you in.
You can just show your lump of crap when you walk to the box or or fist to the gate and see if they're at you.
They say, hey, this is from QAM and they'll kick your ass right out.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy birthday number one.
Thank you.
That's Saturday, 63 years old man, really old, an old fat Jew.
Yes, thank you.
Ah, that's up.
My birthday's out at 6.
Well, how do you like that?
And I was born on the day of Adelaide Stevenson Illusion.
If he were to won, I was supposed to be named Adelaide.
Really? Well, thank God he lost, huh?
Well, my mom named me Kimberly.
Yeah.
Which is even worse.
Kimberly?
Hi.
Kimberly.
Is that what Kim, I said I never really thought about that before.
I mean like Kim Bo Camper.
Don't be called him Kimberly.
He'll smack you in the ear, step on you.
I'll be right back.
He's my last birthday.
Okay, thanks.
His name is Kimberly.
Wouldn't you like sue your parents if they did that?
Permitted malfeasance?
That's a lot.
Well, you know what?
When you're as big as him, it's not like the kids in school are making fun of you.
Hey, Kimberly.
Well, how do you know how big you was when he was in school?
Maybe he like sprouted at 17 or 18.
Who now knows?
You will be right here.
You'll probably have a child.
I'm sure it's that was probably a big mother.
Yeah.
A giant in the industry.
Although he was sucking up the FBN, all those couple of days he was on him.
Really unhappy about that.
We're going to attack that cow in front of the university and dodge if he don't watch it
Kimberly.
He was sucking up.
He doesn't have power.
Well, he was still sucking up.
Well, maybe I can see.
I guess he's doing a little psychological thing.
I guess he figured if he sucked up to them they'd turn to power on.
Surprise.
I thought he was a killer bee.
Hey, he's chumma.
Don't you know he's doing.
Oh.
Here's line 9.
QAM.
Hello.
I have a farm app.
Hey.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I don't doubt we're going to call this place so I believe Republicans and Democrats
are both just one party of rich people dealing my life from me.
There you go.
That's an excellent point.
Good.
This thing with a shooter.
I hear everybody talking about it.
And here's my case.
What do you take?
He can freeze guilty.
This guy can.
This guy just, he just, he just, he just, he just, he just, he just, he just, he just
frees guilty.
This guy works a, a best-based scenario.
And he says, okay, I did it.
I killed a limb or a baby and did all this other stuff.
And then you probably came out that chicken of rubah to I would think.
That's right.
That's right.
I need to teach in California and catch worse.
If you feel you've guilty to the whole thing, right?
Yeah.
He said he's set up Hitler and everybody's not guilty about it.
And then Burt's just going to pardon him and then Shane is going to do my job at Howlib
Worden making 50 times more than what he's making now and everything.
Right.
So what's even, what's, why is he even trying to prosecute him in my whole thing?
It's like a big old theatrical experience.
I'm going to keep on turning.
It's something to get our mind off all those dead soldiers, you know, at least for a day or two.
Although, of course, when they start looking into it, we realize that this is the basis part of the whole
underpinnings of why we went there, but nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the facts.
Get busy, find those two chicks from Chatsworth, maybe get out there with the search party, cut the crap.
Oh, Lewis, and look at that. This car was psychic. Lewis, let me please not kill you to walk charges against him.
You see that? I told you.
That was good. See, I told you, if you take like 30, 40 calls, maybe, just maybe.
You might get one that makes a little bit of sense. And by the way, if you want those tickets, get on the horn.
Maybe they still have the horn left over from Yom Kippur, you think?
It's possible.
Or is it Russia's Shona's, or is it Russia's Shona or Yom Kippur that we blow the chauffeur?
Actually, you do it in both ways.
Really? Well, practice makes perfect.
Who do you wish had become present, an hour past, Al Gore, 116, as boring as he was?
Remember that speech he made a few months ago? Actually, it was before the election last year. See, time flies.
Remember that Kerry endorsements speech? I do.
Pounding the dead and just screaming and yelling, man, if he would have just done that five years ago,
Yeah, they couldn't have stolen the election. Al Gore, 116, Bobby Kennedy, 95, John McCain, 60, John Kerry, only 33, scary.
Ted Kennedy, 15, Mario Cuomo, 14, with or without the skeletons.
Hubert Humphrey, 9, Adelaide Stevenson, 9, George McGovern, 8, Nelson Rockefeller, 8, and Michael Ducaca has Solomon T. Tracer.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Get it on.
Following is a test of the FEMA alert system. This is only a test.
What happened? Where?
This was only a test. If it had been an actual emergency,
you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days, give a take.
The National Guard is down there now. When waters just to get the press out of town, everybody go home.
There's nothing to see. Everything here is Beijing pain. Over Hurricane gave us a big easy.
For de-o-con social engineering like a giant Republican swinging.
Great Jesus for shower lord and king. Great Jesus for shower lord and king.
I don't believe compassion what we like. It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend as who say it's a national disgrace.
They should never die. In the first place, this is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that every thing is caused by games who are not the right to harm our own.
Like Tracer, McLaren and Carl Gold, all we're achieving in America is right wing dream.
You make everybody white like me and they're ignorant of a bitch.
You get to just ground those in the bridge.
How I feel about you, baby, and horses. I'd rather do that than watch floating horses.
I'm a negligent bird over now. And I'll keep going down. I'm a negligent bird over now.
I'll keep going down. 14 to 11 and 560 WQ. I'm thinking of starting to come back a little bit, right?
George called it and said he's got fever and chills and fukin' his guts out in the sicker and hell.
Did he mention whether we got the power back or not? He didn't. I heard the generator going.
Oh no. But speaking of things coming together. Yes?
I have a 5.5 minute clip of Howard David yesterday.
No. Oh I do. It was on Boatbits. A 5 minute clip of Moe. Did you say or somebody else? I thought I heard you say another one.
Oh it's a show from yesterday. I see. I can fire that. Whatever you want me to do.
What do you mean right now? Let's go to Carlo and Miami. Carlo, you're on WQAM. How are you?
Hello. Carlo. How are you doing? I'm going to report you, Howard.
Carlo. I'm going to report you for...
What? I'm going to report you for Louis Pizza.
Get out of here. Let's go to Tom and Fort Lauderdale.
Howard. Yes sir. What's going on?
It's a beautiful day in New York. I hear it's raining in South Florida. Is that true?
Now I'm out at the moment. It's quite good for him.
All right then I'm going to come home tonight.
First thing, the dancers get shut. No, not too concerned with it.
I agree with you. I don't think Gary Payne is going to be the thing to look at.
I think Antoine Walker and his youth.
And these guys calling in your show are making me sick. This is a sports show.
This is a show that you should be speaking about sports. Not poking fun at.
And not once have I ever heard you go doing.
Another idiot. What do we do have a corner on the market on morons today?
You want to waste your time?
Waste your time. I'm here until four o'clock.
I'm going to get paid into four o'clock and then I'm going to get off the air.
If all of you coconuts want to give me all of this other crap all of it at M&A's from the preview show,
not yourselves out. But I would seem strongly recommend you do something really smart to help your own cause.
Get a job. Get a job.
And if you had nothing better to do, then call up and waste your time in mind.
Then it's on you man because I'm getting paid no matter who the hell calls up.
I'm going to go do do do do.
Yes. Am I being prevented from doing it from time to time? Yes.
But that's management. Management can either let it continue or they can stop it.
It's up to them. So it's on management.
Management wants me to continue to play this stoop grab ass game.
I'm going to continue to play the stupid grab ass game.
And guess what? You're going to continue to pay me until such time that I've had enough.
And that time's coming close. Very close.
And then what do you do?
You're going to have to actually prepare to do a radio show instead of all of this nonsense, aren't you?
So it's up to you, management.
Take up your mind. You want to continue to play the stupid game or you want to grow up and be like men?
I'm going to continue to talk sports. You want to talk with me?
I'll listen to whatever you got to say.
You want to talk intelligently? I'm here.
You want to continue to act like a bunch of softwares in high school? Knock yourselves out.
But I ain't playing that game. Homey ain't playing that game, man.
I'm telling you that straight out. And you want to continue to waste my time?
Fine. I'll sit here and talk to myself before o'clock.
I don't really give a crap.
You're not going around him, people are soxed. Are you like homey to clown, are you?
No. That's all I've got to do.
I can't hit a job. You don't want me to do my job? Fine.
Say, here's a check. Leave.
I'll leave. It doesn't make any difference to me. Trust me when I'm telling you that.
And if management's listening, pay close attention.
You want me to continue to do a radio show? It's on you.
You don't want me to do a radio show. You want me to continue to feel these idiotic calls from morons that dovetail off the preview show?
That is also on you. Let's go to John, you're on WQA and John.
Hey, what's up? When I talk about dolphin defense, what's up with all these people giving you a hard time?
You know what, a John, I don't really give a damn anymore. I don't really care.
All I know is that very soon we're going to come to an parting of the ways and you know what?
It's going to be on everybody else, not on me. I'm here to do my job.
You want to talk sports? I'm here to listen to you.
Oh, no, no. I just, you know, I just want to talk because I mean...
No, no, no. I'm not talking about you, John.
No, no, no. I know. I'm just saying obviously the dolphin defense is our strong point.
We need to score more points. And you know, the point is we don't get enough points on the board.
We don't win the games and the defense is our strong point. They're going to back us up and they get lots of decent deliveries that I get guaranteed you won't spill pizza from.
You know what, Greeper? I'm about ready to say I'm not taking any more phone calls until Eric Greep comes on at 3.30.
I mean, is that what we want? It's okay. It's okay. You tell me what you want me to do, Robert. I'm at your disposal.
It's your product. We're a team here. You want me to take phone calls, I'll take them.
People want to talk sports, I'll listen. If this nonsense continues, then I'll just sit here and talk to myself or I'll do what the preview show does.
I'll read out of the newspaper and waste your time. And then I'll just take Eric Greep's phone call at 3.30. We'll talk about the heat.
And then tomorrow I may show up. I may not. It really depends on how I feel. Let's go to Sid, your on WQAM.
Thanks for taking my call, Howard.
Sir, don't let that guy call up these fake callers. Get you all worked up.
No, he's not. He's not. He's Sid. He's not. What do you do for a living?
Truck driver.
All right. Somebody sat in your truck every day and just broke your shoes. But after a while you throw them out, will you?
Shoot them.
No, I ain't going to get to that point, but they're fucked up.
Thought of mine is, I come here to do a job. You want to upset my way of doing my job? And you can kiss my ass. I don't really care.
Now that's gold right there.
Brackdom, did I hear that?
Oh, you heard it.
I'm not kissing that thing. And anyway.
But I just did understand who's responsible. I'm responsible for spitting off all of these call. And that's always the story. It's always somebody else.
I invented. I invented the crank call the talk shows. It's interesting from the very first day.
1976, almost 30 years.
That came to this market and got crank calls the very first day.
Here my guest on KAT was Jacques Cousteau. Everybody even you know Jacques Cousteau, right?
I do. Right. Famous guy. Lots of stories to tell. Lots of interesting things to talk about.
And he and I, we did a little interview for a while and I opened up the phones. And here came...
Here came the mad, whatever we used to call him.
Ten block. And back in the day, I wondered to myself, what is this all about?
And then I realized, you know, most people at call talk shows our morons in the first place.
Now, we just had before you found that masterful five minutes here.
We took five or six calls where any of those really like...
Maybe one was on the borderline of being a real call.
Maybe one. Right on the edge. Not for real. And who cares?
You're taking yourself too seriously, Mo. You're taking it too serious. Just relax.
Okay? Like he said, we get paid one way or the other.
And as far as the previous show boring everybody by reading the newspaper,
it must be a miracle that the audience patollarates us so much that we get these big numbers.
They must be all trained monkeys. They tune in just because I've manipulated them over the years and trained them
to tune in and write it down in their diary.
So those sophomore and high school callers?
Yeah. So I'm going to bore you all to death by reading the newspaper. How do you like that?
I'm going to put you into a coma.
Well, here's one for Shai. Israeli soldiers shot and critically wounded
the 13-year-old Palestinian stone drawer during a raid in the West Bank today.
Palestinian medic said, how do you like that?
Palestinian kid, 13-years-old, Easter-owned stones.
But I've been. See, the Israelis don't be thrown or stones at us.
Shai? Yes.
The shooting was the latest and the worst surge of violence and so
truth was agreed nine months ago. Truth's my ass.
Five thousand years these people are killing each other. Is it ever going to change?
No. They hate each other like poison.
Because they have different headgear and what would you rather have?
Like nice bowl of monsubol soup or those filophils for Christ's sake?
And nice humontation at Purim or would you rather have that whatever they eat?
I don't know what they eat. The only ear of food I know is filafel.
Now you must know some other, right?
Yeah, it's very similar food actually.
Similar to what? Jewish food?
Say Israeli food, yeah.
Like what? Like Boba Ghanouj, Hamas, Tahinah.
Boba Ghanouj.
So wonder they're killing each other. Holy cow.
Boba Ghanouj, my ass.
Now what is that? Why don't you feel me in?
It's like mush.
It's salad made out of like eggplant and mayonnaise and stuff like that.
Oh wait, it's like all moushi, man.
Don't you remember I used to talk about Boba Ghanouj when we had balance for life?
I've heard you talk about it.
Great food, but every now and then he would have that Boba Ghanouj and man, oh man.
I'd rather dig a Boba Lou's grave than eat Boba Ghanouj.
I'll tell you that right now. That was nasty stuff.
Well that's great that we found that for a seven minutes today.
I guess. I don't know what the big cimmis was.
I didn't hear it now. Correct me if I'm wrong.
I didn't hear any call that was like, I don't know.
Maybe it was a moon. Was it a wrong phase or something?
Maybe the bag was like slipping off to the side.
I don't know what to deal with.
I didn't hear any call.
It was like would sent me into a tizzy.
Did you? No, not only that, but maybe he should concentrate his focus on the actual stealing the pizza part.
Are you starting in?
Not. Listen. Now your ass is definitely going to be on the list to get fired.
I'm telling you right now. You better watch.
You just step way over to line, Mr.
You think George had Sirus, George and the Beast and Zach and Carolyn and this one and that one.
Anyway, everybody else I'm guilty.
Now you have entered the free. Jesus Christ.
Yeah, you have entered the free with that absolutely outrageous comment.
Maybe the guy was hungry.
Okay. Maybe the guy thought that they were.
That they were pizza thieves. They were in the kitchen that they came in from outside.
Maybe he thought they were drug dealers on from Ives the Rear.
Or something. Why would he think that?
I don't know. Don't listen.
If you know what's good for you, I'd zip my lip right now.
He might come in there and punch you out before two o'clock.
I'd like to see that.
I'd love to see that.
I might come back to witness it.
Not of course he punched me in a mouth too.
Like I told you, it's Howard Punch is the world in the face.
That's coming up at two this afternoon.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60.Q.A.M.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the one.
Any questions?
Hey Vixen the Pornos star.
Hey, how you doing?
What'll it be in this ex-rated film?
Guys or girls?
Both.
Are those breasts real or fake?
Both.
You want to have sex with Peter North or Ron Jeremy first?
Both.
Will you need a thousand dollars or two thousand dollars per scene?
Both.
Will you want cheese or meats on your pizza?
Both.
I am a meat lover.
I'm in the mood for a hot slice of pie myself.
Pizza Slut.
Because even sluts eat pizza.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60.Q.A.M.
So what you started now?
What have I started now?
I don't know.
What's your pizza stuff?
Maybe you guys will get some pizzas today from like Jerry and Joe.
You know what?
I'm going to call Tony's.
How about Colin Brad would be a good idea.
Tony's.
That's right.
I got to stimulate it for some free pizza there today.
Now listen, if you get a bunch of pizzas in there, be very careful.
Keep your eye peeled on that door.
Don't worry.
See, that's really what he was all about.
The other stuff was just window dressing.
What really set the old mold myster off was the fact that I outed that story.
And listen, it was all over the building.
Everybody was, it was a funny story when you come out and done it.
It was unacceptable.
It was outrageous behavior.
But it was funny.
It was amusing.
Funny story I've heard.
Right.
I've been here.
A lot hysterical, you know.
But he's just been out of shape over the fact that we tie.
As far as that ginger and faggot or, and I don't know what that has to do with sports or pipe smokers or pink cigars or any of this other stuff,
what does that have to do with sports?
What's the next thing for Hank?
It's something in ginger.
What is he calling Hank these days?
Harriet and ginger.
Whatever the hell it is.
I don't have to do with sports.
But you go ahead and have a good time.
Okay.
Well, you're a phobic comment.
And then you have a great time with it.
Nobody gives a crap.
Oh, let's see.
Look at this tag for it.
Nice going there, Berkeley.
You're the best, honey.
She is really doing it.
We ever forgot what.
Now, speaking of Brownie Brown, before I get to all this local stuff about the hurricane, which I haven't forgotten about it,
I think he calls him Henryetta, by the way.
Henryetta and ginger.
There you go.
Because we knew the cross over the Lieutenant Clocks.
And actually we have to take some shots at the Humper.
Okay.
Henryetta and ginger.
That has a lot to do with sports.
But I could care less.
Have a great time.
And my expense at everybody else's.
That's a radio show.
That's all.
This isn't our life.
If this is your life, I'll tell you right now.
That I'm being kind to say goodbye.
Time for the dirt nap.
It's just a radio show.
I used to take it seriously too back in the days on WS News.
And oh, I was going to change the world.
And I was pontificating.
And I was pounding on the desk.
And I was giving lecture.
And I'm talking at that time.
I was talking to people over the age of 100.
I was a babysitter for ancient people at night.
That's all I was.
And I'm sitting there trying to change the world on the radio.
It's a radio show.
That's all.
Nothing more.
So just lighting up a little bit of a couple of shades
and cut the crap already.
God.
Yeah, I have granted.
I understand.
If you take it seriously because 90% of the people
I call these shows are idiots.
And especially on the heels of this hurricane,
and most people try to put their life back together again,
what kind of people have time now, the luxury of time,
to be sitting on a phone for 15, 20 minutes to half an hour,
to call some stupid ass talk show on the radio.
Yeah, I shut the phones off for seven months.
And I'm pretty dang good.
I'm glad that I did.
Because now I've kind of like created a combination
of what I did during those seven months,
which was over the top.
That was too much.
And I'm dispersing a few of these fabulous calls.
Look, we already have today.
Does it bother me?
No.
Does it gonna change?
No.
Who cares?
I don't give a crap.
And if you say something over the line,
we got about a 50-fold.
We got 16, 55-minute delayed buttons here already.
So it's not gonna get on here anyway.
So what's the big stimulus?
Okay, you know, I really, it's sad.
It really is.
I'm probably the only one who feels this way.
Because I did try.
When a man first came into this market,
and I remember Greg came into the studio and he showed it.
He didn't show me the numbers,
but he just showed me the signature on the contract.
He was all excited.
And I was excited.
I got Howard David to do more.
I was excited because the only thing I knew from Howard David
was his work on Monday Night Football on the radio.
I'd heard him for years.
And I told you this story when Rick Weaver was forced to retire.
And they had a box of audition tapes at WIOD.
And they brought him to me being the play by play expert that I am.
And they had like four or five finalists
that they brought to me.
And Howard was one of them.
And I want you to take these home the oldest of these and see who you think we ought to hire.
And I recommended Mo.
And enthusiastic because I thought he was a hell of a good play by play guy.
He is.
Yeah, there you go.
So I recommended Mo.
So I had no ask to grind with him.
And of course they hired Bill Zimper because he was good buddies with not to knock him.
But he was good buddies with who was Wayne's henchman that guy with the bad suits.
Whatever his name was, it left town.
He was good buddies with him from Penn State.
So he didn't get hired there.
So when Greg showed me the contract, I thought to myself,
oh, yeah, here we go.
This is going to be great.
I never met the man personally.
I didn't know anything about him other than the work I heard on the air.
So I had no preconceived notions, okay?
And from the very beginning of him taking himself to seriously and the lines about the checkered pants and the other stuff,
taking all of this seriously and not understanding.
It's just a radio show.
This is what we do, okay?
This is the station.
This is this show.
This is this market.
This is what we do.
And just refusing to accept that.
And then of course trying to get a whole bunch of people fired.
You see, when somebody tries to get you fired and destroy your career that you've worked there for almost 30 years in a market,
you don't take that lightly, okay?
When people are working behind the scenes to destroy you and get your producer fired and this one fired there,
this is why people hate.
I don't play those games.
I don't want to see anybody get fired.
I'm always pro-talent anti-management because in this business,
man has been generally sucks.
And the talent most of them gets screwed over.
But I don't need any critique of what I do on a show or like a reading the newspaper, yada yada.
And the funny part of it is depending on which mood, which is the side of the body, the bag is on each day.
It's like, oh, I understand that those bits are very, very funny.
They're funny.
They're not about the me because they're funny.
The mocha brand stuff, which is funny.
It's fantastic.
We made a character.
We made two characters,
Moll and Goyle and Goyle,
which are like a spin-off on those two guys and two real people.
And they're a thousand times funnier than either one of them or ever me.
That's true.
So there you go, Moll.
It's a radio show.
And I still even after trying to get me destroyed and he admitted that to my face plus the thing about George,
I still try to find something decent there.
How many times have you heard me say,
Fuck, third man.
They've been in the midst of all the anger and the hostility and the surruliness.
I still find like a twinkle in the eye, like a little something there, you know.
At least I try to find it.
But it just doesn't ever, it doesn't go on.
It might be different like five minutes and then it disappears.
Like that day that we had the, that he forced that great day time.
When I was at the station in the parking lot and that lasted till 8.30 in the next morning when he came in
and started screaming about the beast and that little piece of crap,
if he thinks I'm going to make up with Emma.
And I thought to myself,
What is wrong with you?
Will you ever grow up where you stop fighting the whole world?
Just stop already.
Just do your thing, take the callers for what they are, or much mostly of idiots.
And just take it like you said, take the check.
Take the check.
God, the guy comes back, he had two of our pretty damn good numbers there in the last book in a summer book,
which we talked about, didn't we?
Then we talk about that at length, nice going, Mo.
We miss it.
I don't make up numbers.
You did a good job in there.
So just keep doing it.
If the car is sucked just rambulant, baby, that's all.
Absolutely.
But of course it's always the show that precedes.
Who's responsive?
Who's fault is it that the calls we got in the first hour here today?
Who can't blame that on?
I don't blame it on anybody.
That's just who's out there.
Okay, that's the kind of people that call when you talk shows.
That's got to be Shies fault.
And it must be Shies fault.
He's not usually there.
He's here today.
We get prank calls.
There you go.
It's me.
You is really bastard.
Yeah, that must have something to do with it.
But these people must be anti-Semitic.
That must be it.
The dog done it.
Forget about it.
Okay?
Yeah, what am I wasting my time for?
Yeah, what am I wasting my time?
Lawmaker, before I get into the stuff about the hurricane, I got more stuff.
From the newspaper to read.
See, and this is another interesting thing.
The last week and a half, I know this comes as a great shock,
but last week and a half, a lot of people are getting their newspapers.
A lot of people don't have power so they don't have their TV.
They don't have their internet.
They have no clue what else going on, including especially with a hurricane-related stuff,
and elsewhere in the world.
So, the fact that I have been passing along this information,
guess what?
It has nothing to it's sports, but it might actually be some useful crap.
How do you like that?
It might actually be useful to some people.
Anyway, we'll get into that reading from the newspaper in a minute.
Former FEMA director, Michael, Michael Mickey, a brownie,
who resigned after stinging criticism of his handling of the aftermath of Katrina,
exchanged emails about his appearance on the day of the storm and seemed out of touch
after Katrina took out the Gulf Coast, a Louisiana congressman charged yesterday
as if this is some big surprise.
In the midst of the overwhelming damage caused by the hurricane and enormous problems
faced by FEMA, Mr. Brown found time to exchange emails about some
perfluous topics including problems finding a dog sitter,
a co-enter representative, Charlie Melonson, Democrat Louisiana,
is that Mardi Cohn who posted the emails on his website.
Some of the emails from Brown indicate he may have been overwhelmed by his
responsibilities, Melonson said.
In an email he sent the morning of the hurricane to Cindy Taylor,
FEMA's deputy director of public affairs, Brown wrote.
Can I quit now? Can I come home?
A few days later, Brown wrote to an acquaintance.
I'm trapped now, please rescue me.
Melonson, who's district south of New Orleans, was devastated by the hurricane,
said Brown's lack of leadership and concern is illustrated more than a thousand
emails provided to White House Committee, now addressing assessing,
responses to the disaster by all levels of government.
Melonson said that on August 26, just days before Katrina made landfall,
Brown emailed his press secretary, Sharon Worthy, about his attire asking,
tie or not for tonight, button down blue shirt, question mark.
A few days later, word the advised, Brown, please roll up the sleeves of your
shirt, all shirts.
Even the president rolled his sleeves up just to just below the elbow.
In this crisis on TV, you need to look more hard working.
On August 29, today, of the storm, Brown exchanged emails about his attire with Taylor.
Melonson said, she told him, you look fabulous in Brown replied,
I got it at Nordstrom, are you proud of me?
This is while people were dying, by the way.
And our later Brown ended, if you look at my lovely FEMA attire, really vomit,
I'm a fashion god, according to the congressman.
The emails came from Homeland Security Director Mickey Churdoff, who oversees FEMA,
following a request by Melonson, representative Tom Davis, Republican of Virginia,
chairman of a House Committee, appointed to investigate what went wrong during Katrina.
Although Churdoff has not turned over all the documents requested by the Committee,
Melonson charged that the material received so far contradicts testimony by Brown
before the committee, which he described himself as an effective leader.
Brown can be reached comment for Wednesday night on the emails.
The lawmakers said to several emails that he said, show Brown's failures,
for instance, two days after Katrina, Marty Bahamonday, one of the only FEMA employees in New Orleans wrote the Brown,
the situation is past critical.
Here are some things you might not know.
Hotels are kicking people out, thousands gathering in the streets with no food or water,
hundreds still being rescued from homes Bahamonday said.
The dying patients at the Disastro Medical Assistance Team tenting a meta-vact,
estimates are many will die within hours, evacuation in process,
plans developing for super-domin evacuation, but hotel situation adding to problem.
We're out of food and running water at the dome, plans in work to address the critical need.
FEMA staff is okay in holding its own, demat staff working in deplorable conditions,
the sooner we can get the medical patients out, the sooner we'll get them out,
phone connectivity impossible.
Brown's entire response was, thanks for the update,
anything specific I need to do or tweak?
Two days later on September the 2th, Brown received a message with the subject,
medical help.
At the time, thousands of patients were being transported to the New Orleans airport,
which have been converted to makeshift hospital.
Because of a lack of ventilators, medical personnel had to ventilate patients by hand for as long as 35 hours,
according to Melonson.
The text of the emails reads,
Mike, Mickey and other medical equipment people have a 42-foot trailer full of beds,
wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, etc.,
they're wanting to take them where they can be used in the need direction.
Mickey specializes in ventilator patients, so it can be very helpful to acute care patients.
If you could have someone contact him and let him know if you can be of service,
he'd appreciate it.
Know you're busy, but they really want to help.
Melonson said Brown didn't respond for four days when he forwarded the original email,
the FEMA deputy chief of staff Brooks Althsholter,
and deputy director, response Michael Lauder.
The text of Brown's email to them read,
can we use these people?
Melonson also charged a few of the emails from Brown showing him assigning specific tasks
to employees responding to pressing problems on September 1,
FEMA officials exchanged emails reporting severe shortages of ice and water in Mississippi.
They were to receive 60 trucks of ice and 26 trucks of water the next day,
even though they needed 450 trucks of each.
Robert Fett and the FEMA regional response official predicted serious riots
if insufficient supplies arrived.
Brown was forwarded these series of emails about the problem,
but no response from him showing the emails from other critical people.
Atta boy, you're doing a heck of a job, Mikey.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-L.
Like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a steam father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Longsens, I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
A father's love is not erased by a simple misneed.
Very well.
I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married.
Yes father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors,
I'll stone you today.
Oh my daughter, it is written that this is the punishment
for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
No, the grounding is not what it is.
I must have you stoneed.
It's the first time.
The focuses on fundamentalist and Middle East in the town.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
Oh, I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, who do I see?
Are you going?
Up to the backyard to collect some stone.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stoneed today.
You'll be innocent right now.
As you follow the lives of the Fuck Net family
and they deal with the many problems that plague them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
You've got it.
Pleasant, I use these little grudges.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoneed two nights in a row.
You know what I'm talking about.
The guiding shea.
The guiding shea, I just shot on location and banged at her.
1118.
A 560 WQAM.
As a matter of fact,
just one footnote since you're the one that's really present today.
You're like pushing heavy duty on this most stuff.
Yes, Josh.
No, not shy.
You don't play that on shy.
Okay, he's already in this associate himself from that regime.
But when we had this big purge,
where all this stuff changed over,
when the stern thing blew up in their face
and we were like trying to put a lot of fact together again
and they put Hank in the morning.
And there was that gap in there.
You know, when they finally nailed on mad dog to do four to seven.
There was that two-hour gap between two and four.
And it was narrowed down to like between D-fo and the Mo-Mistro.
And I was asked and I said,
Mo, how do you like that?
So that's twice.
Twice, even before I knew him,
I was promoting him for a dolphin play by play.
And now in this case,
even after all the other crap that had gone down,
after all the attempt to get people fired and destroy their careers,
I still was saying they put Mo on.
Okay, for sure.
And they did.
Now do I have any regrets? Well, at any rate.
It's a radio show, okay?
It's business.
It's the radio business.
It's not monkey business.
It's radio business.
Okay, don't take it so serious.
Take the check to the bank,
play a lot of golf,
enjoy it along with it, and paradise, and that's it.
And as far as ego is concerned, I've said it for many, many years now.
When you work in this market, you can't have any ego.
Because every day is a new day.
What are you going to do for me today, Neil?
Well, we heard that last week.
We heard you do that poll once before.
What are you going to do for us today?
That's the market, okay? That's just the way it is.
In fact, if he were smart,
I'd last read A, Z, he did a show in New York, right?
Right.
Haven't built your studio in your home right there in Boka.
Then you won't have to schlep that drive down every day.
And you won't have to interact with these people who, you know,
hate each other, everybody hates whoever hates.
Wouldn't that be a great idea?
Yeah.
Haven't do the show right from his house.
You can sit there with your bag pulsating
and your slippers and the whole deal,
and the secret pants are not.
I'm sitting here in my underwear this morning.
How do you like that?
That's all boxers shorts.
Nothing else, not even socks.
A disgusting thought.
Well, speaking of disgusting,
you know, I really do need to get to this hurricane stuff.
But, temper is cool.
I've been in Washington after the partisan meltdown
that brought Senate business to a whole Tuesday.
So, even so,
neither Congress nor the White House will find much in a new CBS news poll
to put them in a better humor.
President, this is the CBS news poll.
President Bush's job approval has reached the lowest level ever yet.
Only 35% approve of the job he's doing.
Only 34% approve of Congress's job.
Bush, 35% approve, 57% disapprove.
Vice President Chen, he's never been as popular as the president.
But his favor already is down nine points.
He's 19%.
19%.
And even Joel Feinberg could top that, I think.
Well, maybe not.
Oh!
He's still stuck in the O's.
I mean, when your popularity rating is 19%,
you are really bad, serious, baby.
Let's see.
Here's a fact from somebody who's obviously agitated.
It says,
The whole neighborhood has power set me, FBNL blows.
And then it's got a,
this is pretty interesting artwork.
Did you draw this or what?
No, I wish.
That's good stuff.
Because I just had to pass it along.
That's got to be an inside job.
Because the drawing of Mo eating the pizza.
That's him, man.
It's got the bald head and the little goatee there.
And that's him.
How do they know it's got to be inside?
At any rate, there's here was a chef saying,
Holy, he's got an open pizza box with just one little piece
of crust inside.
It says,
Holy, Kazole, who stole my, who stole my pizzas?
That's what it says.
Who stole my pizzas?
And below it is a picture of somebody from anywhere who's got two slices
one in each hand and he's going,
Okay.
You see what I mean?
Lighten up a little bit.
Have some fun with it.
The world's not got a company to win in because you lifted some guys' pizza.
Okay.
Just relax.
Man, oh man.
Just take off from that nice summer book and let's move on from there.
We got competition that's as stiff as a cardboard box.
Let's move on from there.
Let's do it.
And if you want to do your fagidor and ginger and Henrietta and jib,
whatever you like, have a good time.
That's all.
I'm not going to get all bent out of shape.
My life is good.
I'm a happy camper.
Saturday morning, really.
I'll be out there.
Woodbind plunge in my guts out.
What's not to like?
The sun is shining.
We got like a little Indian summer here.
What's not to like?
Always look on the bright side.
Okay.
Stop being a sour puss.
Okay.
Now let's get to the important stuff.
Okay.
We important.
Okay.
Well, I feel like I need to do this because I mean, I know it's boring.
We'd have the newspaper and who now would listen to a show like this anyway.
Yeah.
Right.
The number of homes broken by Wilma Swell yesterday a state officials blamed an older building
code for these severe damage to our county apartment complexes, mobile homes and businesses.
State officials have surveyed Wilma's damage in South Florida said the major problems were
in structures built before Hurricane Andrew sparked tougher codes.
Old buildings.
Because that's, let's see, 82, 92, 82, 82, right?
That's 23 years ago.
Hurricane Andrew was 92, right?
Yeah.
No, 92.
No, wasn't.
Yeah, definitely was.
92?
Yeah.
13 years ago, like I said, who the hell can keep track?
You're right.
The damage was an older and weaker building said Rick, they sent exactly the director of the Florida Building Commission in Telehassy.
See, that's what happens when you get to be 100 years old.
I mean, you've lived so long who can keep any dates straight.
Although Saturday might be my birthday, I think.
And then what you said, yeah, remember, this is the first time the area has been directly hidden sometime.
They'll have to be redone to meet the new standard said Rick.
South Florida event that's building standards after Hurricane Andrew devastated portions of the day.
County in 1992, like I said,
Broward emergency management official said yesterday that so far there were 1344 structures red tagged or deemed unsafe because of damage caused by Wilma.
However, a Sun Sentinel survey of local building departments showed the number of unsafe buildings as at least
2,323 that includes the Parmacond complexes that may have multiple residences.
Mobile homes make up 1,600, 29 of the room residences.
There were at least 49, almost 5,000 individual homes, mobile homes and condo units and rental apartments that shouldn't be occupied because they were damaged by Wilma.
So I did like an understock county, just like in the whirlings, they're still counting and tabulating and palpitating and stuff like that.
Even the traffic signals that's going to cost 20 million hours, you guys are coming to work. How are we doing on the traffic signals?
Not too bad. I'd say 70% of them are good.
Wow, that's quite a shock. And try where do you live?
Sonny Osbeach.
Oh, little Israel.
You got it.
And how about the lights? Well, sunny Osbeach, you should have no problem because the power's back on and the beach right from the get-go.
Yeah, we got power back like two days later.
Yeah, somebody must be pulling some long strings over there.
Hurricane Wilma has left quite a legacy, powerless tri-rail trains, a black dot control tower and a damage system of traffic lights that will cost 20 million to replace in
Robert County alone. And George still doesn't have power and he's really p-o-ed about.
He's sick. His family is sick and he's getting really, he's foaming at them out.
See, that's the kind of stuff to worry about. That's the kind of stuff to get pushed off about.
When you have no power, you're running in a generator. Everybody in a household is sick.
Nobody's bringing by any pizzas to hot.
Wilma was also the blame for Eastbound Ramps on 595 being closed from 10 to 11 o'clock yesterday morning.
Troopers closed the ramp to keep traffic light for a caravan.
Oh, to keep traffic light. That's interesting the way this is when.
Keep traffic light for a caravan of 150 power trucks heading east from April to Miami.
So carry in Vesipo spokesman for Florida power and loot.
Another caravan at 200 trucks expected to cause similar delays this morning.
And maybe already did probably on Tuesday night traffic controllers were forced to use handheld radios when power went out of four-loaded little airport.
And a circuit breaker failed to turn on a backup generator.
Power was restored more than an hour later at 745.
But some flights were canceled. Others they've ridden to Miami International and Palm Beach International.
What a mess.
Tri-rail trains have been knocked, uh, rendered useless since the storm hit October 24.
Knocking out power along all 72 miles of track from Miami to Magnolia Park in Palm Beach County.
Electrical artisans are the main obstacle to riding the trains with up to 40 miles of tracks still without power yesterday.
Said Vonny Arnold spokesman for the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority.
Tri-rail may resume as early as next week Arnold said the trains are fueled and as soon as safe to operate will be back up and running.
Before we'll hit Tri-rail stations were not on the priority list for power restoration now they are because there's any to have them restored as soon as possible.
Meanwhile 36 who is up to four minutes were working to repair and replace most of the county's 1350 traffic signals damaged by the storm.
The work will likely take several months several months and cost $20 million.
As of Wednesday, are the surf flies in the face of the story that you're giving me?
As of Wednesday 260 traffic signals working again and lights have been restored to 75 of the county's 85 busiest intersections.
So you must be only driving through the busy intersections pretty much because there's 1350 traffic signals and power and only 260 back on again.
So just stay on the main highway.
This is Neil Robert, what are you going to?
Don't go this is 516-28.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port is moving on out of the corner.
The air is moving high.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The port has pulled right up through the sky.
The designated doorbell once again clashed in...
TheANCawedron 1000asma!
The blue-screen channel atoms together into both areas.
The blue-screen tower suppose to begin on the geese here.
28-till-a-noon at 5.60 W QAM and we got 499 votes on the pool and this one will be the 500 vote
You could be the lucky winner of a whole bunch of stuff not
Like those tickets those mooshy tickets in an envelope and probably the envelope's mooshy too
It's just a bunch of pulp. We'll send you a handful of pulp 400s fiction 499 who do you wish have become present in our past
Al Gore 153 Bobby Kennedy 126 all how we wish
1968 before some of your punks were born well what a difference that would have made our guarantee
We not only wouldn't have had no more Nixon. We would have had no bush one or throw it two or three
Bobby Kennedy 126 John McCain 68 John Kerry 46. He's making a little bit of a move not much
Mario Cuomo who's got all the right connections. He's got 21 Ted Kennedy 18 Adelaide Stevenson 12 George McGovern 11
Hubert Humphrey 11 Humphrey Dumpty Nelson Rockefeller 8 and Michael Duke Kaka has got only five
Which I think that's the number of votes he got an election too
501 we're over 500 votes. That's interesting because our goal to be for is like 510 wasn't
Yeah for the entire four hours and by the way for those beast fans
Shry is gonna be just hanging around in there because there's no for them any food show up or what I call Tony's
It'll be here when it's here. Oh, so like I said travel hang around to like for the food
There is eating don't steal any pizza now by the way
I hope that your mentor didn't teach you those kind of tricks
What was that and then of course we got the beast coming in there. Oh, so like I said you better eat all you want before a noon
Because if there's food around you know as rain when we had the beast on balance for life the only problem was
Instead of replacing the regular food he ate with balance for like he was eating in addition to
See what I'm saying to understand that was supposed to be the food for the whole day. That's not gonna work too well
No, so he was eating the balance for life meals on top of the
6200 calories. He was already eating on his growing young boys of meal
Well, he's supposed to have a lot of money. Why not eat you know, they take him on those cruises
They're killing him. They're killing with kindness shoveling the food down his fat face
They're killing it. They're killing a beast which is really shank because you've got a nice girlfriend the whole day
Lesney Beyonce that is really shocking who would have fun?
It huh now is she does she go to that school for the blind or what is the dealer?
No, I say here. She's a teacher I believe she's a teacher. Maybe she can teach him some new tricks
Because I know clearance tried and he gave up here is a story that will put a smile on your face
So can try to intercept a few things in the middle of all this other heavy duty stuff. Oh first and bad news though
And would make a difference if George was there because he wouldn't know this guy either
Skits Henderson died and they're all going who oh no
Skits Henderson died the Grammy winning conductor who led his musical expertise to Frank Sinatra and been crossby
Before founding the New York pops and becoming the first tonight's old band leader died Tuesday. He was 87
That's old enough when you say 87's old enough. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Unless of course you 86
Then you think it will be 89 doesn't sound too bad
Henderson died at his home in New Millford at natural causes said Barbara Burnside
Spokes him in for New Millford hospital born in England. I never knew that
Liles his real name was Lyle Russell Seed Rikenderson moved to the US in the 30s. What is it?
He cannot living as a pianist playing Vaughan moving music in Minnesota and Montana roadhouses
He got his big break in 1937 when he filled in for a sick pianist towing with Judy girl and Mickey Rune
When the tour wrapped up in Chicago. He used the original pianist tickets and went to Hollywood
There he joined the music department at MGM and played piano for Bob hopes the Pepsi dance show his friendship with hope put him in touch with other stars
They including crossby who became a mentor to Henderson and it goes on and on he did this
He did it by the way, but he served as musical director for the lucky strike show on radio the Phil Kowawa of being
Crossby when NBC moved to TV the studio brought Henderson long as musical director including band leader for Steve Owens tonight show and on and on
Of course sketch Henderson dead in 87 does anybody under the age of a hundred know who that is? Oh well, it killed some time
Here's the story that will put a smile in your face. You know about OJ. Yeah, well, I put up the article. Well, that's right
You know, but what about sure you know about OJ's latest problem. He's looking for the killers, right?
And I'll even more important than that. Well, he doesn't have time right now. He's got to pay
How's he going to make that 33 grand a federal judge ordered former football star OJ Simpson to pay more than 33 grand in attorneys fees for direct TV
Two months after he was ordered to pay for parenting satellite TV signals from the California based company
You go OJ you murdering piece of crap you in a raid on Simpson's Miami home in 2000
On federal agencies illegal devices known as bootloaders that authority said were used to steal TV programming
After granting a motion for summary judgment in civil suit filed against Simpson a federal judge in August or an him to pay 25 grand in damages
U.S. District Judge speed or client ordered Simpson last week to pay 33
670 dollars and 42 cent in attorneys fees and costs. This is part of the continuing litigation process
Of course, Mr. Simpson objects and fully intense to preserve his rights at the appellate level as attorney Yale-Galanter said Wednesday
Yale-Galanter Simpson moved to a Florida from California
Yaudi-Aliati-Aliati but it was to escape leans on his income. That's why I moved to Florida. And of course
He owes a civil suit. He owes 33 and a half millions of the goldmins of the browser etc
In fact, maybe the 42 cent there was at the end of the other numbers
He might have paid them, but not even that nothing zipity due to how do you like that? How those missing girls in chat worth California coming
If you find them yet or what? Isn't that we're all concerned about? That's right. I'm whipped up a lot of bunch of crazy batches
You people in the media let me say it again if even this bitch would all that makeup on could tell
Radio is sick and you're not
You are crazy people and they're all whipped up last night
I'm channel surfing and so one of my stops to see an in the case
Maybe the world is coming to win or something I need to know and there is Rick Sanchez and
What Kira Phillips to my least favorite people in the world although compared to Kira Phillips
I love her expansion. That's how much I hate that bitch and I'm thinking it's like 1015 words Aaron Brown
Where's why he Aaron would have bed red muskrat. He makes most muskrat look good
See that's another thing more if our stories about the muskrat were so bad how come you dumped it
He even got rid of that marker washing and wig he used to wear and the muskrat both of them am I right?
Yeah, I mean I will say he looked better without the real hell of a lot better
And I'm the one that puts them up on it. See you on grateful piece of tear you why don't you realize I've been try to help you
All this time I've been trying to put you on a map with important things like
And I've actually seen it obviously in the last book if that's what it takes grin and bear it just like your bald head
Like mine too man. I'm looking no I have to shave mine. He doesn't have to do that
Now what was I just saying that was so important before I got sidetracked on that muskrat thing again about OJ
Right what was it you were talking about the 33 towel videos?
Yeah, there was something else in there
You see you weren't paying tight enough close to 10 that's because I'm reading this fact right here and what does it say?
Don't worry. It's not a very good one. I wasted my time. Oh, it's not a very good one
That's unusual. Like some of those calls we took before we will take a lot more calls today by the way
And we hope they're equally as good as the ones we had in the first hour or better
This is meal Roger
This is 516
QA
Well
So they
They put the 11 in the back
Yeah, they go back now they put the 11 in the back
Yeah, but it's not there any
They put the 11 in the back
Yeah, they go back out
They put the 11 in the back
Yeah, be crazy when they go for it out
I said mommy
I don't like it with the lime
I said mommy
I feel a lot less like they were with the mommy
Yeah, I haven't felt this sad
Mommy since they discontinued cab
They put the 11 in the back
Yeah, they cook it all over
They put the lime in the back
But it doesn't taste the same
I used to drink lemon back
I kept you in my sink between my legs
And I would hover in my heroine's rainbow showing an eye-catching lane
Mommy
Mommy
Mommy
Mommy
I prefer on me
This may be doctor
Doctor would be better
Mommy
Doctor
Doctor
This might be a better tool
Doctor
This may be better
This may be better
I said mommy
Doctor
I can advise you will be great
Sometimes I wish I was great
So I'm really happy
17 to 2 and 5, 60 WQM
And advise you should
by the Broward County Health Department is warning people
Don't swim in the water at beaches from Deerfield Beach south to Hallandale
Until appropriate testing in the water is completed
Swimming at the City of Florida
Swimming at the City of Florida
of the bases provided until further notice. Lifeguards are made on duty at the beach, but
just don't go in the water. Okay? Don't go in the water from a dear fuel beach south
of hell and just hang out on the sand. Uh, Papyrna, the strip club near West Palm Beach
was shot wounded early today. The strip club no less during a parking lot quarrel with another
customer, probably God's punishment for going to such a place that they'll repute.
That's right. The 23 year old man who was not identified by police was in stable condition
local hospital after being shot once in the upper body. Pouley said the two had been inside
a cheetah's a strip club at 3342 Shawnee Avenue near West Palm Beach when the victim
lent his cell phone to another man. The other man reportedly stole a computer chip from
inside the phone before returning it, resulting in an argument. I can't imagine why. Police
said the shooting curb when they stepped outside in the parking lot. Police said they've
been this outside. Police didn't release the identity of the gunman who was described
as a regular at the club. He was last seen driving away in a gold four door saturday
car. There you go. Go get him and get that phone back to while you're at it. Get that chip.
The water and four-later day is safe to drink. Finally says are you reading the newspaper
again? Yes, I am hot damn. Yes, I am state health department officials allowed the city
to lift its boy water notice yesterday afternoon. They 10th day residents endured it. The
order had a trickle down effect. Some businesses had to remain closed. Residents worried what
kinds of bacteria they might have been exposed to. They also wanted to know why their city
was among the last drop the tedious order order and order, which requires that water be
brought before it's safe for consumption. What are we exposed to? Residents Sam Scrensey
asked Wednesday after several calls to city hall turned up little information. Nobody knows
what's going on and I have to bathe little babies tonight. I wonder who they are. City
officials said falling trees caused pipes in the water system to pop down all over town,
dragging the water to pop, not pop down. They popped. Got it? Dranging the water pressure
would dangerous low for the county's largest water utility. Finding the water breaks and
resurrecting the pressure was a job that took days and a team of 300 employees. The joke
was if the water was underground, how could you have a break in the water line? It wasn't
an earthquake. It was a hurricane. But it was the trees that trees pulled up the lines.
The city's water status affected scores of people served by four water deal. At any
rate, all the water utilities in Broward have dropped their warnings. The water is now
safe to drink. Okay? You got it? Hallelujah. In Broward. Drinking. Just chug it down by
a gallon full. Open the tap and drink that crap. You drink water out of the tap? No.
Shai? Strafe? Don't do it. It's trache. Gary Sarner warned me. Don't drink the tap water.
It's got like pork rinds in it. Broward County says don't cancel those holiday plans yet.
Broward County School Superintendent Frank Tills said it's a glacial plot like everything
else. Broward, so you're rotten hill. That's what they want for the Jews. Broward County
School Superintendent Frank Tills said Wednesday of Friday keep winter and spring breaks. The
Martin Luther King's junior holiday in the last day of classes scheduled, even though
hurricanes have erased 13 days from the school calendar. We have enough extra days built
into our schedule to perhaps pull it off. Tills said to keep from adding days school officials
and the Broward teachers union are mulling whether the whole class is doing the history
of four main teacher planning days. They can also extend these four main early release
days at time to regularly schedule classes. The teacher planning days they usually do those
on the Jew holidays. So they don't want to say, oh, well, letting the kids offer you
a cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup of cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cups cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup deliberate cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cups cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup cup
was cold. So it wasn't obviously not far. Now you're making a story worse. No serious.
So in other words you couldn't take the cold stuff and put it in the microwave that
we have right there in the studio. There's a microwave on the kitchen right there too.
Oh boy that's bad. So he wanted it hot and fresh. I think you could probably give him something
hot and fresh. Probably a pile of it. But anyway, that's another one you don't think it's
a good idea to try to like mend our fences a little bit especially doing these trying
time. I tell you what I'll go in and off for MPTO but I have an idea that he's going
to react the way he did it. Well you don't have to call it.
Well, directly why not have Robert be the Pimpsons. He's always sucking up to anybody
to their face anyway. Why not have him be the intermediary?
In a intermediary. Say what I'll walk in the studio and you can say here's what you can
say. You can say we're inviting mode to wish me a happy birthday just like he did that
time with me. Invited me to come in and shake his hand and encourage them as birthday
and tell me the real story about how George here tried to get fired. Okay.
And you can tell him that he can wish me a happy birthday and we'll give him the pizza as
a piece offering at the same time. Try to calm him down. He sounded yesterday like he was
on the age of losing it and that thing you played. And there's no reason for that.
I mean, Steven pizza in the middle of a hurricane emergency is not it's not the worst crime
that could be. You know, it's right in there. I'd say in the top five.
Wouldn't you? Yeah. When people are coming like that.
Especially those poor sluppers at Power 96. But anyway, you see what happens. Okay.
Give it a shot and then we can report on it. Okay. I'll give it a shot.
That's what you will. That's probably what you're getting returned.
I've integrated a chip that can slow down light.
The latest advance in an industry wide effort to develop computers that will use only a fraction
of the energy of today's machines. The chip called a photonics silicon wave guide is the
piece of silicon dotted with a rays of tiny holes scattered systematically by the holes.
Light shown on the chip slows down to one 300th of its original speed of 186,000 miles per second.
In a computer system, slower light pulses could carry data rapidly, but in an orderly fashion,
the light could be further slowed by applying an electric field of the wave guide.
Researchers at Harvard and the University of Berkeley, California have showed a slow light
in laboratories. IBM, though claims that its light slowing devices, the first to be
fashioned out of fairly standard materials, potentially paving the way toward commercial adoption.
A number of companies in the university researchers are currently tinkering with ways to replace
electronic components inside computers, which carry signals with electrons with optical technology.
Optical equipment furies data on photons, the smallest measure of light.
Photons are far faster. More important optical equipment generates less heat,
curbing the growing problem of heat and power consumption. The catch, however, is that until recently,
creating optical components has been more of an art than a science, the components cost a
lot more to make it can't be cranked out in the millions like silicon chips. Another factor,
optical parts are typically big unlike silicon chips, which measure only a few silicon millimeters
on the slide. On a side, on a slide. Progress in blending the best of both technologies is
advancing rapidly, however, Intel's demonstrate the Ramon laser fashion from silicon until
in startup Luxhtira have shown off silicon modulators which chop up the light from a laser so it can
represent data. I like that. Pretty amazing, man. Heavy duty stuff. So when you're going to be
putting those stories out pretty soon, it's going to look happening about two seconds. We all
was better. So that means I'll start sending a whole lot more of them. I'll be about eight a day.
So for practice on that, we'll start tomorrow again. No, you're good. Let's not. So you got
pasta and thanks by the way, Tony or Brad over at Tony's. Yeah, Brad did a good this time. We
got a lot. I got some garlic rolls. A little spaghetti meatball. You're the best baby. Brand up
there at Tony's 441, 193. They're open for business. They're slinging off to really good stuff.
And everybody loves it. The beast is not participating, huh? Oh no, he is. He just took the meat off
the pizza. Oh man, you are so full of it. God, when we were looking for that hot brown pot,
I mean, at hot pile, we were talking about before. I know exactly who we can look for to
supply for us. Good, Golly. That's bad. And that is true, by the way, when you were on,
I was mentioning before, when you were on a balance for life, you were eating their food and
your regular together only on the weekends. Yeah, no weekend. He was eating that as kind of an
appetizer. Of course, but before the main course. So you've got a couple of slices left over for
our close personal friend. Oh, yeah. I'm, I'm saving you. And you're the one, not Josh. You
lean him out of this. He's already ahead enough trauma. You're the guy that needs to go in there.
If anybody needs a piece offering, you're the guy. Bring him a piece. I'm going to do a piece.
Are you up to it? Can you handle the challenge? No problem. Okay. About a quarter to two.
I want you to pop a couple of slices in a microwave heated up real nice, put it on top of some
paper towel. Take it in there and say, okay, here you go. Here you go. Mo. And then you can come
back and report. What? You don't think that's a nice gesture? I really don't think I should be
the one. No, no, you're wrong. You are absolutely the one. Absolutely. Absolutely. And he agrees.
You're the one. If anybody needs to start many some fences, Mr. You're the guy who said you
hate that has no name. Democrats intensify bush lands. So that's good news. You're not going
to start read out of the newspaper. Are you? Yeah, I am as a matter of fact. I got some great story
including I got a good one man's shoes after using blue covered toilet. I got that one. But first
Democrats yesterday escalated their fire rate tax on President Bush's rationale for going to
war by tying his decision to the indictment of top administration aid who played it not
guilty. They by the way, Scooter Libby in an aggressive political strategy that has energized
the party's anti-war activist base and better late than never. Boy, talk about late. The day after
a cent of minority leader Harry Reid and Nevada forced the Senate into a rare closed-door session
of debate with Mr. Bush manipulated intelligence information about what was the mess destruction
of the record they pretext for war. He and other Democratic leaders stepped up their rhetoric
and demands and a bid to drive the issue back into the news. Howard Dean, the Democratic
National Committee chairman who's ill-fated 2004 presidential campaign was fueled by opposition
of the war called on the White House and Dick Cheney to answer questions about their roles in
manipulating intelligence information to build support for the war, smearing opponents of the war
and covering up that smear campaign. It's the old smear and smear which I've been telling you
for a hell of a long time. And as usual, I had my thumb on it. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi
of California and Mr. Reid also sent Bush a letter asking to apologize for the actions by Mr.
Cheney's chief of staff, Scooter Libby, and any other officials who may have been involved in the
CIA leak investigation. Senate maturity leader Bill Fist returned fire yesterday,
charging that Mr. Reid's tactical Senate ambush was a political stunt that took us off what we
need to be doing about energy prices, deficit reduction and the economy. This was a political stunt
from the party of NO that says of Structe Philobuster which they've said in the past and it's a
vacuum of ideas that's reflected within their party. Mr. Fist said on Fox News, no less, Fox
but Democratic National Security strategy said that practical effective Tuesday's
Senate maneuver could backfire and drag down Democrats even more than drag down the Republicans.
He's full of crap. Fueling Mr. Reid surprised the decision for the closed session of the
debate Mr. Bush's war rational was his party's large vocal anti-war base which is increasingly
playing a dominant role in shaping the Democrats critical posture against the war in Iraq.
I've been waiting for this day for five years. The Democrats have finally found their voice
and maybe they will lose it again said Kenneth Lerr co-founder with liberal activists
Ariana Huffington of the Huffington Post.com finally they've said enough the left wing
website dailycaus.com said Mr. Reid's move was worthy of a Wild West gun fight the move was
pure political brilliance they said several others such as author David Wallachinsky raised the
prospect of impeachment asking is this a nixon moment on the horizon we can only pray he said
I don't think most Republicans they are quite there yet with George Bush but Bush did allow his
chief political advisor and vice president to out a CIA agent because their husband challenged
the factual basis of Bush's rationale for sending American soldiers to war to die of 2035 by the way
at least that's his last time I looked it could be more right now because they're dying by the
seconds but again we better find those two chicks and chance worth California right let's take
care of the important stuff right now I'll have to worry about that chicken a rubla again so that
Rita Cosby's got something to talk about and then maybe we'll start worried about that damn war
27 past noon a QA when you think mattresses you think of seedy positive to top song mattress
band in America it's the gold standard when you think of buying the next-eedy posture
picnic think of dial amatris 1 800 mattress the easiest possible way to get you a new
seedy posture pede with dial amatris inspected red prices nobody and I do mean nobody sells
seedy posture pede for less dial amatris carries the areas logics in vatua with all sizes and
cover levels and stock ready for same-day delivery you can get a better high sleep as soon as
tonight if you make the call right now 1 800 mattress number one of customers have a
spec they still let you choose the date and time for delivery and it's our window that you pick
when it's convenient for you when your fat ass is going to be home even the very same day that's
your call with a no-risk 30-day proper trial in your own bedroom plus they give your free setup
and free removal on all the libraries all the time too I've been using them for a long time in a
smart folks a QA man and a lot of others are doing it too in fact join over two million customers
who skip those expensive chain stores for fast easy affordable mattresses from dial amatris 1 800
mattress that's the number to call 1 800 MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational
stupendous saving this is meal rather this is 5 16 QA
absolutely
well
fine
I open, you know, be my chosen book.
Call.
I won't try driving by by the way.
I'll come to the landfall of this hurricane.
Look for the guy in the rubble pile with his death spread out over the mile.
And she's woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
I got some of the safe roadies experts, these Monday morning quarterbacks.
While you should have had your water, you're 72 hours supply, and you should have had your
food.
That's not helpful at this time.
See what I'm saying?
You think you're pointing back at the poor bastards.
Just like your fat ass governor is saying the same kind of crap.
On the one hand, he's taken the rap for it, but on the other hand, well, you should
have all been prepared by now.
And after all these storms, you have to add it out of here.
That's very helpful at this point.
People want their help.
They want their cable back.
They want their power back.
They want their internet spec.
Not necessarily they want their phone back.
They want all of their stuff.
They want their pizza back.
They want their baby back ribs.
Who did I use to be?
They were in Chile.
Chile.
That's Chile's?
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
We want our baby back baby back.
That's Chile's?
Yeah.
We're bubbleguzes.
625 votes.
I think we're going to top that 750 from yesterday, which we mean we're on the road to
recovery here on the show as well as out there in radio land.
So I think that gesture that I'm suggesting, and I'm very serious about that, I think the
message there is, hey, if those hard asses at Power 96 to want to share their pie with
you, we'll share it anytime you want, okay?
Even in spite of your behavior, we're just going to prove that we're not as bad as you
think.
Does that mean every time I get a pizza, I have to share it with them?
No.
Okay, good.
Unless he comes in and asks very nicely, hey, I share a couple of slices of your pizza,
Josh, that would be okay.
Of course he wouldn't do that.
We just grab it while you're not looking.
Even while you are looking at it.
I don't think he needs that.
But I'm just thinking right now, just be the timing of it, I think would be a little
bit on the amusing side.
And also very helpful.
I think he probably could use a little sustenance before working over a half mic for two
hours, sweating over all those idiotic calls.
Yeah, I was thinking of that.
Dominique Q.A.M.
Hello.
I want one child back.
Dominique Q.A.M.
Hello.
See?
Now, am I going to get upset about that?
No, I just hit the yellow button, okay?
No, come on, get mad.
Yeah, that must have been a hanksfall.
Thanks, send him up to call.
No, I take it back.
It must have been rock solid.
The big O's fall.
In fact, you know something, every nut job that we get calling in, what we'll do is we
could take a mini instant pull and see who we can blame on each call.
Because they can't all be because of the same person.
That's a good pull.
I like the crank calls that come after to, which are all my fault.
But the ones that I haven't been putting like the last 30 years, in fact, even before somebody
came to town, who's fault with O's?
Yeah, that's a good pull.
Who's fault is it for the caller's initial?
Yeah, that will all work something out.
That isn't word it is spiffies I would like, but it's got the roots of it.
I don't see any lot of calls coming in yet.
That's because their six minute delay hasn't cranked up.
They know we're taking calls yet.
You got those two really good ones right there.
They were good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
It's between now and 115.
Let's take at least 6, 700 calls.
What do you say?
What do you guys are chowing down?
That good stuff from Tony's up there on 441, where Brad takes really good care of us.
WDQAM, hello.
What's with us, hello?
WDQAM, hello.
How's that from out?
That may have been, uh, well, that may have been best for all of you.
You know what?
Nice going, Ron had a little material this time.
Absolutely.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, checker.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, pali.
Now, you're not going to be our first real caller today, are you?
I doubt it.
Oh, I like those ranges huh?
Yeah, like I said.
WDQAM, hello.
Oh, it's big and a hockey.
Don't forget we got the pant of people at 630 from the Fleet Center.
It is not the Fleet Center.
Oh, that's right.
They changed the name of it.
What is it now?
The TD bank north.
Oh, how silly.
But the interesting part of it is they still have those silly yellow seats that they want to have all those empty seats.
Here's a little message for all you kids out there when you grow up and build your own arena.
Don't put yellow seats in it.
Because when they're empty, they're so conspicuous by their presence.
And the Bruins who are drawing very, uh, crapily since they moved into that new arena.
Not like the Boston Garden no more.
I've said to that.
Have you been there in the new arena?
Uh, yes.
For what?
For a hockey game or a...
I was ever a couple hockey games, a couple of Southern scams in a Prince concert.
And how is it?
It's nice, it's okay.
Now, what about the location?
Because they know Boston Garden, which when I lived there, I was there many, many times.
Uh, same location.
You could take the subway, the MTA, and you were like, dropped your right at the entrance to the garden.
Just like here, you can go to Union Station and go right to the Arcana, the center.
You walk across, uh, and you're right inside.
Yeah, the T goes right there.
It's the same location as where the garden was.
Right there, I'll be there.
See how well I am, the T. Now they've been calling it T for about a hundred years.
But it was the MTA when I was there.
And of course that inspired the song by the Kingston Trio, the MTA.
Which I'm sure you're familiar with.
Sure.
You're not?
No idea.
Oh, you love that.
Being a Boston guy, the MTA will Charlie ever return.
And it's a great song.
I can't sing it for you.
Anyway, Geldy, who's doing a fine job now?
Have you heard the broadcast?
Now, your guy can ask.
Yup.
And, uh, I think he's doing a good job.
I think he's doing a fine job.
And he gets better every game.
I mean, he's, you know, learning on the job.
And he's getting better every game.
I think he's doing a very good job.
And I think he's a big improvement over the old funny that he replaced.
I don't want to get Juggs McDonnell off, so with me again, but who cares?
You know, I mean, Juggs was a hundred years old.
That's all.
He would miss goals and stuff.
I remember, this is his first story.
I went with a friend to a Leafs Panthers game.
This is, I don't know, a couple of years ago.
And, uh, maybe three years ago, Curtis, Joseph, couldn't stop a bowling ball.
And again, it was like three nothing Panthers before you knew it.
And I just got discussed in that one period.
We left.
And then early in the second period, we got to be three nothing.
And then it was three to one.
And all of a sudden, now we're in the car going to my house.
And the Leafs scored two goals very fast to tie the game.
And I'm listening on the radio.
I never heard either one of them.
You know what I'm saying?
I never heard either goal called.
That's not too good.
No.
Since that's basically what called a hockey game is all about.
I was just never a big fan of his in the first place.
But, you know, he just, and then he also turned out to be a little bit of a...
In front, for Spezza.
For Alpuffalo, the Spezza knockout penalty coming.
And, special slow to get to his feet.
Fill up for Alpuffalo.
Extra attackers on the ice for Ottawa.
Chara, send it in front.
Finally, the sabre's touched it.
That was a nice game.
You see the final score in that game, Buffalo 4, Ottawa 10.
Missed it.
Wasn't bad enough that Ottawa enversed the Leafs last Saturday, ate nothing.
Now they pile up on poor Buffalo 10 before.
That's bad.
They're good, man. Ottawa.
And you know who the coach of Ottawa is, by the way?
Beastie.
The coach of the Ottawa Senators?
No idea.
VM.
The Spoketman, man.
Brian Murray.
He's the coach.
You ever hear a Marcus Nielsen?
Anyway, he VM.
You're just, you're useless.
5670560, 0.560, and you've arrived in Singular Riders line.
I don't even know why you go to a hockey game, is it bossy?
You don't know anything about it.
You don't understand it.
Is that thinking you're like, can you leave blow up the Allas in it?
Yeah, I mean, I knew hockey, the days of like Kenny Lindsman and Brad Park.
Oh, here we go.
Don't pull a defo on me again, please.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello, no.
Happy birthday.
I'm sick.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, this is sophomore John.
Yes.
Yeah, I wanted to compliment him on news, talk quick weather and ice.
Excellent.
See now, who's responsible for that call?
Who do you think?
I think the mad dog done it.
This is new Roger.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Neil, this is Noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
You put the utility in utility,
Florida, paradise and life.
There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you.
When a storm threatens,
we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets here.
Leaving the rest of us to marvel at the blue-flow of exploding transports,
providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology.
And in the moist heat of tropical darkness,
the weakening batteries in our radios
grud pass your latest press release for South Florida.
It says your trucks and crews are ready to roll
from the Alabama State border
and the question in everyone's mind is,
huh?
So as we search for the appropriate answer to
how many SP-al emergency crews
does it take to change the light bulb?
Florida, paradise and life,
this third for you.
In that power company,
oh, that's amazing.
101 at 560 WQ,
and we got the big one to 2 R now.
Then we got the Mo-Mister at 2,
with or without the pizza.
4 o'clock it's mad dog.
630 Pantheon preview,
the Panthers, like I said at the,
whatever that place is called,
the formerly Fleet Center,
the TD Bank North Garden.
And in Boston, 7 o'clock,
then they have ruins that are,
like I said before, they're so,
so they're like the Panthers.
I think they're both very similar so far.
They're up and down, they're in and out.
And Curtis for 8-EK at 10,
because 8-EK is on his way back from Vegas,
a lot lighter than he was before.
Not that he's a heavyweight,
but I guarantee his wall is empty.
So let me ask you.
Yes.
What do you think is going to happen?
You think he's just going to be like,
okay, no problem.
I don't know, I have no idea.
I doubt it.
I've been able to depend on which side
it is to hit the bag of swinging on today.
I don't know.
I say it gets real defensive.
In other words,
you're going to go right in there to his studio.
Is that what you're going to do?
Are you going to use Robert as the intermediary?
I'll just walk in the studio where Robert is
and hold up the box and say,
hey, you won't have a beat.
But he's going to take that the wrong way.
That's not a good idea.
So what you're going to do?
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to walk in his studio?
No, no, but I don't know.
Don't hold up the box.
I would take two hot slices into his studio.
And I'm going to take some paper towels there.
You've got a lot of paper towels.
I'll take a couple of the slices,
put them in a microwave,
heat them, that's a nice and good,
and take them in there.
And if he does a lot of my venture,
Robert will eat them,
even though it's trough.
Don't you think so?
Yeah, you're probably right.
Well, there you go.
So at least, look,
at least we offered,
okay, a little piece offering.
Right on.
A little, uh, trying to calm him down a little bit.
Just over the top,
this is the second time,
this time, what was the last time this said?
Oh, I know what it was.
You know what it was?
What?
Let me give you a little clue.
Case in you're on QAM.
Remember that?
I do.
So he made a mistake, okay?
I have to not be at the end of the world.
He says there's no national guard in Iraq.
So, you know, nobody's perfect.
I make mistakes all the time.
I come on a year,
here at 10 o'clock.
That's a lot of times a bad mistake.
I start taking those dumb calls.
That's a bad mistake.
Nobody's perfect.
Okay, Moe, believe me.
We've seen you.
Nobody's perfect.
I'm trying.
Just keep, just till the very last moment,
over what, in our last-gasting breath, I'll try.
Maybe he will show up today.
He'll be there.
If he wasn't going to show up,
we already have a schedule change.
Currents would have been in there breathlessly crossing out
and doing whatever.
But when I, why do you say that?
I don't know.
He says that.
He's always thinking on your part, maybe.
And why is that?
Well, it just, you know,
be a lot lighter here.
If there were no moe.
It'd be a lot lighter there without you.
I'll take you there.
About 50 pounds lighter.
Oh, my.
678 votes on a pool.
We need, let's see.
We need a lot.
We need, what's 22 and 51?
Is 73 votes by two o'clock?
We can sure do that.
Because yesterday we had 750,
which I thought was pretty good.
Oh, look at that scooter.
Let me on his crutches there.
That's a very tough defense lawyer in the courtroom.
Yeah.
He's on crutches.
See, God is punishing him.
Whatever his ailment is.
And I have no idea what it is.
He's been on his crutches for a while.
That's what happens, baby.
God is punishing you, scooter.
Anyway, speaking to being punished and bad hairprices,
Aaron Brown, who is one of my least favorite people,
whiny, whiny, Aaron Brown.
Oh, God.
Just before you go to bed, you turn on CNN to see if anything's
happening in the world.
And there's Aaron Brown whining.
And I'm like, you know, man, it's nothing to be a wild diariol night.
Aaron Brown, one of CNN's most prominent anchors it says here,
is leading as compared to whom, I guess.
Is leading the network after a shake-up that gives his prime time,
slot to rising star Anderson Cooper and expands it to two hours.
Anderson Cooper sends me straight to the Cooper.
I'll tell you that he leaves me limp.
He's nothing.
I like it.
He's supposed to do that.
Huh?
I like a coupe.
I don't.
Can't stand him.
I'd rather watch Rita Cosby and I'd rather be dead than turn on that bitch.
He is so overweight that he sets a lightweight,
some of the stupid questions he has.
He's an idiot.
But he, you know, he made his mark there during the hurricane,
during Katrina in New Orleans.
And so now all of a sudden, he's a star.
Cooper's old 7PM show will be filled by an expanded version of the situation room.
Oh, we have to go back to the situation room with Wolf Listkrieg.
The late afternoon program attracting attention for its arresting use of multiple video screens.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody ought to be arrested for writing this crap.
The situation room I ask.
With Brown left without a time slot, we mutually looked at the lay of the landing
came to this conclusion that he would leave.
Said you were, said CNN US President Joe Klaggong Klein.
We looked at the lay of the landing came to this conclusion.
He would leave.
It's a lot nicer.
Sam F. and saying, Hey, Aaron, you're fired to the ground was vacationing this week.
Or the network at telephone call to his agent seeking comment, not return.
Of course, Klein said the switch was done to build CNN schedule around what he considers
its hottest personality Cooper and its hottest news show, the situation room,
with Wolf Listkrieg that Nazi bastard.
Cooper 38 has been getting momentum on you that, you know,
how many people have gone off of that thing in the last couple of years?
And not that anybody under 100 watches CNN.
Remember Bill Bill Humber?
What was his name?
He was a Humber.
And then there was what's your name?
The broadening afternoon at the, Judy Woodruff.
Judy Woodruff, yep.
He's gone.
And then just a whole bunch of people just unceremoniously pack their bags like
wine, air, and brown.
That's the loss.
Bad bad.
And the musk red.
Man, the reddest.
And it would change colors to it was like a cherry witch in the hair piece.
The thing would change color from like orange to dark red to like purple.
Wow.
Depending on how bad he was whining that night.
Alan DeRouster sat spout with him on the paper is the rooster.
Yeah, we got your rooster over here, okay?
And the weather in Chicago.
Cooper 38 has been gathering Moe all year that peaked on his honesty and coverage of Katrina.
He's got a refreshing way of being the anti-anchor, he said.
He's not quote unquote reporting it.
He was just being himself.
Yeah, dumb, dumb, oh.
He's asking the questions that you would like answered.
No, he's not.
He's getting involved the way you might.
You feel he's a regular guy and you can, you can trust him talking to you.
He brings such a passion to the storytelling that's infectious.
How do you like that?
I thought that there was only one person in the broadcasting business who was really infectious.
I mean, infectious.
Yeah, but it's also while you're a boy.
After Katrina, CNN paired Cooper and Brown together at two hour newscasts.
But clients said he had no interest in keeping them together as a team, saying you just want to make sure that you're putting Cooper in the best possible situation and showcasing his talent.
I haven't seen any yet.
Brown, where's Bernie Shaw when we need him?
How? Where's the real news guy?
Where's Lou Waters when we need him?
CNN, you staffs and real news people are most upon the time.
Brown 56 went to CNN from ABC in 2001, was immediately thrust into a major whining role with his heartfelt anchoring following the non-loving attacks.
It appeared he would become the face of the network, but then never really happened.
He was heard by a widely reported story in 2003 that he didn't cut short a golf out.
He became to work on the lady Columbia Space Shuttle disintegrated.
He was busy golfing.
How do you like that?
His quirky cerebral tempi and newscasts didn't have a following hover with fans who liked his commentaries and the width.
A quick review of top stories from correspondence across the world.
Yeah, with this.
It became apparent when Client took over that he wasn't a fan and the show's format changed dramatically with bigger emphasis on one main story.
Greta Van Suster in a Fox News Channel dog face sharply increased her ratings advantage over CNN the time slot this year.
The second hour of Cooper's new newscast will replace a rerun of Lou Dobbs tonight that the network had been.
Thank God, like I said, I like that Anderson Cooper a lot.
Lou Dobbs, man, I see him on my screen.
I want to put a pellet gun through it.
Not the pellets, the whole gun.
Lou Dobbs.
Always scream all he knows is illegal alien, illegal and outsourcing a job and any cut is still kisses up the bush.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
Lou Dobbs.
Oh, there's Charles and that other dog face.
The rare public comments on the issue.
Her mother and grandmother both suffered from the bone disease.
Yeah, Camilla Camilla and Charles is anybody in this country give a crap about them.
No.
Now we got kids dying over there in Iraq.
We got, okay, we got a multi-trillion dollar debt worried about Charles and Camilla.
Scrum.
There go back across the pond where you belong.
Go put on your kilt again, you silly ass goose.
Go fly over there without the play.
Just waggle your arms a little bit.
There you are.
Here's a little do it for you.
Never see him and dumber the elephant together.
Prince Charles.
Same.
Same creature.
FBI says Muslims were detained at stadiums.
They weren't profile.
This is, this is nasty.
Five Muslim football fans were detained and questioned during a game of giant stadium because they were congregating near an air duct on night former president bush was in the stadium.
The FBI said yesterday.
They were congregating near an air duct.
But I've been.
Some of the Muslims said they didn't know they were in a sensitive area and they complained they were subjected to racial profiling while they were praying as they were faith requires five times a day.
Some guys like it late five times a day.
The Muslims they like praying five times a day.
They're praying for it.
They want those seven versions in heaven.
I'm as American as apple pie and I'm sitting there and now I made the feel like I'm outside.
If for nobody's nothing, I have a long beard that I pray.
Samy Shabban a 27 year old student who lives in Piscataway in in Joysy.
Now this is as giant stadium in East Rutherford.
The giant's play the metallands?
Yeah.
How come I wasn't aware of that?
I thought that they played in the Yankee stadium.
Maybe not how long about 10 years they haven't played there?
What?
The giants.
20 years?
It's been quite a while.
The giants play in the jet stadium in East Rutherford?
It's actually giant stadium in the jet's play in giant stadium.
I see I don't I never watch them anyway the giants.
Boring.
At a news conference Wednesday, Shabin said he and four friends had just gone to the September 19th.
Giants, New Orleans, Saints game, some game when they left their seats to pray.
Around halftime, 10 security officers and three state troopers approached the men told them to come with them.
Come with me, you raghead.
The men were questioned and then were not allowed to return to their seats but were instead assigned to seats in another section.
Three guards stood near them and scored them to their cars when they left the stadium.
Well, it's like to have a personal escort, especially if the metallands were so easy to lose your car.
One or the only time I've ever been there, I was to the racetrack at the metallands years and years ago.
And I had a rent a car.
And I parked the rent a car and I went in and I punched my guts.
I think I bought a few bucks and I came out took me a half hour to find my car in the parking lot.
Not good.
When you have a rent a car, always put one of them flower things on the antenna.
One of the flower things?
Like the old people do down there, the flower antenna.
You haven't ever seen those?
Oh, come on man.
You've got to be kidding me.
Even the beast knows what that is.
No idea.
Get out of here.
What do you mean like an actual flower?
Yes.
Yeah, I'm all set.
The old farce, my mother had one on her car on the antenna.
I mean, most new cars don't have an antenna anyway.
The antenna radio thing is in a windshield.
But the old, a lot of cars that have the little antenna and they have like a little flower on top.
So they can find their car when they go to the parking lot at public sign.
You don't you understand what's wrong?
I don't understand how anybody that lived down there as long as you guys could be so out of touch.
The flower antenna is like right behind the really bird dinner in popularity.
Is that right?
Yes.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if a lot of the old parts that go to the early bird.
They got a flower antenna on their car.
You better get with it, Mr.
You're going to one of these days when you're old and seen out, you're going to lose your car.
I see the tennis ball on the antenna.
Well, same same concept.
Now why is the tennis ball on there?
Who the hell knows?
So they can find their car.
In fact, somebody told me that that big black instrument that dildo that we had laying around us
who ran used to put that on her antenna.
Well, it was distinctive, right?
She found it.
No, actually Roy, Roy found it.
Roy Fawster found it.
And he would let go of it.
Six out of it.
I had to tear that thing away from 696 votes.
Are we going to get to our 750, 1 or 2 or whatever?
No problem.
You think?
Oh, yeah.
696.
113.
The pressure is mounting now.
I'm just wondering if you're going to check it out on this thing or you're going to do it.
Check it out.
I'm going to do it.
I'm just telling you that he's going to be throwing.
Good for you.
See, here's a guy that's got a pair of balls.
He doesn't just talk at a good game like some people I know.
Not to mention A names.
He's got a pair.
He's going to go in there and make a little offering.
And if not, look.
Okay.
So we tried.
Trying to lighten up a little bit.
And like I said, worst comes the worst Robert will eat it.
Or worst comes the worst.
Who's doing the update today, Ken?
Probably, yeah.
Well, Garanty, a Ken could probably use it.
He weighs about 100 pounds soaking wet.
He could probably use some free pizza.
How you doing, Ken?
There's our heroic, you and Ken, all the men.
He's the guy.
He's a real broadcaster.
He's a real bench.
He's the man.
And he doesn't take any crap from anybody.
Trust me when I tell you.
In his own quiet way.
Hey, listen, talking about the crap, there are a lot of shoe stores that said you're off
brands that you never heard of before.
You won't find those shoes at Brandy's.
You'll find only the top names at Humonga selection of the best brands in the business, like
Rockport, Floreshrime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoefitters will make sure you've got to customize fit of your
favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit that the price you're going to love.
And if Brandy's the chances are you're never going to hear, no, sorry, we don't have
that style in your size because they got such a humongous stock in the store.
Now, whatever style you pick out, you can bet Maddie Bell's life on it.
It's in your size ready to slap on your feet right now.
The pros at Brandy's understand fit and comfort and they specialize even in wide wits too
for your big fat feet.
Brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere.
So for comfort style, fit, value and selection always think Brandy's shoes and they are open
right now.
By the way, they're open, 1290 nor Federal Highway and Poppano Beach, open daily, 9 to 9
Sundays, 9 to 5.
And all the good people who saw it for the ring is very difficult time.
Brandy's say their thoughts are with you.
And Brandy's, like I said, is open to serve the community as they have for 25 long, amazing
years.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 Q.
And say cheese.
Grab hold of your younger cars and get ready for a Broadway show.
You won't wanna pass over.
It's Fidler Under Roof as you've never heard it before starring Rogel Dio.
If I were a thin girl, you're a little, little, little, little, little, little, little
dumb.
Alan, what I've said, yes to me, if I were a dress, I'd stray.
Oh, and Harvey, fire steam.
That's make a match, make a make me a match.
I like to pitch, so we better catch.
Holy, a hilt of his, Rogel and Harvey, even singer Fidler Under Roof do it already.
So nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice.
Even though our career have ended, here is one show that still pays.
It's so transgendered, almost Asian, kosher, belt miss, Rogel Dino and Harvey, fire steam
in Fidler Under Roof.
One 19, okay, wait till you hear this, 712 votes on the poll by the way we are gonna make
our 751 easily, we'll slide into it easy, just like Jackie Robinson's playing the home
played.
Everyone, Jackie Robinson stole home in the 50 year two world series, I've seen the highlight,
and Joey Burr jumped up and was screaming and yelling at the umpire, and that's before
we found the app like duck.
Anyway, so here if you want a good laugh, just put a good smile on your face and make some
people really angry, the ones that are listening on their transistors, sisters are in their
cars who don't have power and are getting really, really angry about it now, and they should
be rightfully so.
We sympathize, we empathize, we're right there with you.
Florida Powerlight announced today, it continues to restore power, and by the way, I thought
that since there was no 10 AM update, that there'd be a 1 PM update, well guess what?
I don't see one, I just looked at their website again and I refreshed it and I rebooted,
refreshed, and pochkied with it and still 6 AM.
Anyway, here's what they're saying.
They've announced new power restoration completion times for some areas.
St. Lucian Martin Counties, essentially all customers will have power restored by the
end of the day tomorrow.
Of course, that's only this 500 in St. Lucian County and 1500 in Martin County, so that's
like small potatoes.
But they're all going to have it by the end of the day tomorrow.
Do we care about St. Lucian Martin Counties?
Absolutely not.
We couldn't give a fly in Figless.
Tom Beach County.
Well, let's see, this is the Sun Central again.
Let's start with the areas we care about most.
Broward County, the area west and south of I-75 will be essentially restored by the end
of the day November 9th.
West and south of I-75 by the end of the day November 9, which is next Wednesday.
Customers north of 595 and west of the University drive by the end of the day November 9th.
All other areas by the end of the day November 13, 13, which is what, 14 weeks from
Sookas, what day is that?
The 10th is a Thursday.
11th would be Friday Sunday.
The 14th?
Huh?
The 14th?
No, the 13th.
Oh, okay.
By the end of the day on that Sunday.
George, George right now again.
Put the gun down George.
Come on, put it down.
That's, now again, that doesn't mean that everybody's going to have to wait that long.
I want to reiterate what the propaganda they keep going.
That's the buy that date.
Say buy that date.
But the way it's looking at it with no more updates.
It's going to be going mighty slow, mighty slow.
I'm going to read that again.
The area washington, south of 75, and we essentially be stored by the end of the day November 9th,
which is a week from yesterday next Wednesday.
Customers north of I 595, west of the University drive by the end of the day November 9th.
All other areas by the end of the day November 13, which is 45 weeks from some hostura.
Date County, the area north of southwest 8th street will be essentially be stored by
the end of the day November 11th.
That's Veterans Day last time.
I used to call it Armistice Day when I was a kid 50 years ago, 70 years ago, by the end
of the end of November 11th.
Customers between southwest 8th street and southwest 88th street by the end of the day November
10, mining beats south of 79th street by the end of the day November 10th and all areas
of southwest 88th street by the end of the day November 8th.
And then it says for latest updates of county by county, part restoration click here and
you click there into 6th day and report.
Palm Beach County, saving them for last, of course.
The areas of Belgrade, Paohochi and South Bay will be essentially be stored.
Or maybe they can thaw out that cherry pie, Paohochi will be essentially be stored by
the end of the day November 11th.
Customers north of PGA, Boulevard by the end of the day tomorrow Friday, all other areas
by the end of the day November 9th, next Wednesday.
Well, I'll tell you, I mean, should people be happy about that?
Should they accept this?
Should they say this is the kind of service that we really want and appreciate really
greatly?
Of course not.
No.
That sucks is what it does.
And I realize there's a lot of mangled poles and there's lines and bars.
You know something?
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
They pay through the nose.
You've got a monopoly out there.
You know, all these companies, they have monopolies.
It's not like you can call up somebody else saying, well, that's being able to get my power
back on.
How about you guys?
I'll sign up for you.
Sorry.
Sorry.
They got a monopoly, baby.
And monopolies are bad.
And this is living proof of it right there.
November and the one with George, November 13th.
Oh, boy.
He might actually commit sausages.
Yeah.
Well, that's a long ways away.
The 13th today is only the third.
That's 10 days a week from Sunday.
And how the hell is the Rodriguez household going to get through the weekend this weekend
with no NFL?
Well, that's right.
They got a generator.
Yeah.
Boy, just a generator or not.
Can you imagine the pain in the ass that is?
And of course, you can only hook, pluck so many things into it.
You don't like your TV and your refrigerator.
And that's about it.
Well, not if your TV doesn't work.
If the cable's out.
You can hook your TV in.
Or you can stick your finger on it.
True.
By the way, yeah, Mo is here.
Well, wait a minute.
You say that.
Like I said, he did not have any promoting all day.
Like I always do the Mo Master at two.
He didn't know he'd be there.
Well, maybe he said yesterday that he might not show up.
He looked.
He was, he had a bad day.
OK.
He had a sour day.
Whatever the year was.
Maybe he lost some bets.
Maybe they treated him like crap in New York.
I don't know.
He took it a little bit.
And in addition to which I wish you would convey this to him.
I was just thinking this during the break.
See, one thing I realized, because I've been doing this for 100 years,
is that now with the hurricane and with a lot of people without power, without phones,
the, the, the, I'm the best circumstances.
The cause we get are mostly crap, OK?
On a sunny day with everybody with power phone, et cetera, right?
Now you've got all these people with either no phone, no power, combination of these things.
So the potential pool you have a people to draw from to discuss sports, world affairs,
picking your nose, whatever the topic is, is very limited, OK?
It's very limited.
Keep that in mind, Mo.
Please, you're talking, you're, you're playing with about a tenth of a deck now with
this phone situation, right?
Yeah.
So just keep that in mind.
Don't, don't, don't be blame on us for the fact that we got nothing but knuckleheads
out there.
Oh, we've had a lot of great calls today.
Oh, wait, who are you?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Leo?
Yes, a lady.
Oh, see?
There's a lady out there.
How are you, Neil?
Great.
Please, I want to, I want you to add me to your list about F-P-N-L. No power.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm, I'm in sunrise and knob hill.
Oi.
Well, you're right, you're right down the street from me.
I got my power back down near Saturday night.
Well, you're lucky.
Um, no F-P-N-L trucks in the neighborhood.
Oh, nice.
And, you know, they, they just give you a song and a dance when you call their cell.
They should be embarrassed of themselves.
They really should.
Well, thank you.
I, for me being on the year ripping them and ass.
Not that it does any good.
And I see, those are calling for an investigation.
This is a disgrace.
It's a disaster.
Thank you so much.
I do appreciate it.
Oh, at least, at least you got Walgreens right now.
You're right there next to her anyway, right?
There you go.
Which I hope they're open and give a lot of drugs there.
You'll need them.
You're right.
Good luck.
Thank you, Neil.
See you.
See you now.
There's a nice lady.
She's at least chocolate a little better got her to laugh a little, right?
But she basically is pissed off and fired up and rightfully so she said sunrise and knob
hill right by the, uh, published right by where that other pizza loft went bust.
Now that restaurant is some kind of a, uh, I forget what it is now.
You know, one thing about you people want to go into restaurant business.
Bad look.
And the only thing say about location location location, they're right.
Sure.
If you go into a place where they've been out of business like everybody have proceeded
you like 15 different places, uh, that's not a good place to open.
I tried to tell somebody that, but he ain't speaking to us no more.
27 past one at QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.
16.
QA.
Go, go, go, go.
Back on on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
hockey authority, Neil God.
Tonight on Celebrity Poker, headma of the, it's for Christmas, it's the
called Hell's Wrecked.
Sure.
Hell's Pacino.
You fairy.
Just look at it.
It's a Miller Parker ball.
So right, mate, let's play.
How about you?
I'm Robert.
What are you betting now in it?
6,000.
Um, I call you Aaron.
Uh, because I am now.
Oh, right.
I don't care who you are.
You fairy.
Now, how much?
6,000 dollars.
It's an awful lot of money.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
Uh, talk.
What do you got, Jack?
You just cost me 6,000 dollars.
And one calculate.
You can do it.
Oh, this is spent in excitement.
You can expect from low budget dumb-down television.
Like this viewer here.
I'm going to have to end up there.
That was funny.
Oh, God, I want to die.
We come freshy Jello in a chair with celebrity poker on PSVU.
743 votes on the pool.
We'll do that 751.
I slide off of a top of a tall building.
What do I say?
743.
We got a shot at close to 800.
Now, we're not going to get 800.
But right on the edge of it, we don't want to set our bar to idle because they won't
have to hop over to get in tomorrow.
Days before the U.S.
Let invasion of Iraq in 2003, Saddam Hussein agreed in principle to accept an offer of exile
from the United Arab Emirates.
But the deal fell through.
The reported offer came before an emergency, air-blig meeting in Egypt and discussions
between UAE officials and a Hussein aid.
Uh, said one senior official was then a member of the UAE delegation to the air-blig.
The Iraqi president issued conditions and the proposal went nowhere.
The Hussein aid, Abed Himoode is known to jail in Iraq.
How you like that?
See also this before we get to the good stuff.
The CIA has been holding an interrogating al-Qaeda captive that a secret facility in
eastern Europe part of a covert prison system established after the man-made letter to
tax the Washington Post before the yesterday.
The Soviet-era compound is part of a network that has included sites in eight countries,
including Thailand and Afghanistan.
The newspaper says, citing U.S. and foreign officials familiar with the arrangement.
Thailand denied it was hosted such a facility because they lie a lot.
There is no fact in the unfounded claims, government spokesman Sirapong Subwangli said.
Call up Joyce Steve.
We can say that again.
She said, no.
The newspaper said the existence and location of the facilities were known only to a handful
of officials in the U.S.
And usually only to the present, if you tap and tell this officers in each host country.
The CIA hasn't acknowledged the existence of a secret prison network.
A CIA spokesman immediately returned a call seeking comment.
The prisons are referred to as black sites and classified U.S. documents.
And virtually nothing is known about who the detainees are, how they're interrogated,
or about the sins on how long they'll be held.
I like that.
Secret prisons.
Probably doing a little bit of...
Abu Gharram.
On these guys.
Man sues after using glue-covered toilet.
There's an idea for...
Abu Gharram.
For those damn prisoners that'll make them talk.
Boulder Colorado.
A hardware retailer, Home Depot, has found itself in a sticky situation,
defending a lawsuit by a man who claims the changed Louisville store ignored his cries for help.
After he fell victim to a prank and was glued to a toilet seat.
Bob Doherty, 57 of Needlelands, said he became that's Needleland Colorado, not Needlelands.
Said he became stuck to a bathroom toilet seat and with somebody in Shmere, Glue, October 30th.
2003 and felt tremendous panic when he realized he was stuck.
Wouldn't it be something getting stuck on the pot?
That would be something.
They left me. They were going through...
Oh, by the way, Speed, the Beast didn't hear the story about Denver as a past law,
allowing one ounce of pot.
I'm moving.
Possession.
But, well, don't move too fast because the state and the Fed governments are going to like bust your ass anyway.
They said, but it passed in Denver.
They left me. They were going through all that stress.
Story told, they told the Boulder Daily Camera.
They just let me rot.
Right on the pot.
His lawsuit filed Friday, said Doherty was recovering from a heart bypass surgery at the time.
I thought he was having a heart attack.
A story employee who heard him calling for help informed the head clerk via radio,
but the head clerk believed it was a hoax.
Home Depot spoke to him.
Yeah, I mean, who would believe it?
I mean, here's stuck Glue to the toilet seat.
Home Depot spoke to him in Catherine Gallagher, since she couldn't come in on pending litigation.
The lawsuit said after about 15 minutes, store officials called for an ambulance.
Oh, this is this is choice.
Paramedics unbolted the toilet seat and while wheeling a friend and humiliated Doherty out of the toilet,
the store he passed out, the lawsuit said the toilet seat separated from his skin,
leaving abrasions.
This is not home depose fault.
He said, but I am blaming them for letting me hang in there and just ignoring me.
Hey, hang in there, pal.
They had an unbolted the toilet seat from the bus, the porcelain bus, and they shut him out of there
with a toilet seat dangling from his back and it finally fell off.
Can you just envision that?
That's pretty funny.
That is cute.
There's an difference between cute and funny.
Now let's see in about 10 minutes we'll see whether it's cute or funny.
Now when you're going to do this deal, oh yeah, I'll do it at the next break.
Pizza man.
Oh next break.
Ooh, I'm excited.
Thief's deal $75,000 worth of bullsemen.
Wolf's Bill Merylund.
Somebody stole $75,000 worth of bullsemen from a Frederick County farm near Sheriff's Orpheus's.
Eric Fleming said the six small canisters of frozen semen taken from a liquid nitrogen
take represented four to five years of collection work.
He said he had planned to sell it and use the proceeds to respect his breeding herd of
shorthorn beef cattle.
I'm so I'm so depressed about this.
I probably get out of the cattle business.
He said he found the semen missing from an outproporting on the stonewood acres farm in
Northwestern Frederick County Sunday night.
Fleming said the canisters held the semen of 40 to 50 bulls and that's no crap.
House with bride for sale for 600 grand Denver.
Where is a lot of crap going on in Denver, you know?
For $600,000 a 40 to 60 year old man can buy a house in a 20 Denver neighborhood that
comes complete with a bride.
Denver, a hail 40, it is placed in that on eBay offering the seller home in Washington
Park area to be to a compatible man who wants to spend his life with her.
She also has her own website outlining the deal.
I'm looking for a soulmate, hail told the Rocky Mountain News Tuesday.
She didn't immediately return to telephone call message left at her home.
Hail is part time in a 1910 bungalow style house.
She also has a jewelry business in Albuquerque to Mexico.
She says she's received about 60 responses.
I have to say that the emails have gotten very kind and very nice.
She said deadline for bidding is Valentine's Day 2006.
She said no big hurry.
No big hurry.
Okay, let's give it a result of the poll.
We got $763 already.
We're going to get to 800 votes today, which is more than probably we want.
Because that means we got to grow like 850 tomorrow or else.
Yeah, or else we feel bad all weekend,
especially on my birthday Saturday.
I want to have like this positive feeling, you know, I want to go to Woodbuy
Saturday morning and get three wheel of fortunes and get 166 grand.
Beast, good.
Look at the obvious.
Hey, I was sitting right next to the you heard me tell the story that old bag that
128 grand and then I was like three machines down from the blonde broad to cut
the 166,000 about three weeks ago.
I was up machine number three up in the front there and she's on machine number six.
I was on the wrong machine mine.
And but I think here they were 166 grand.
When is my day coming?
By the way, it's supposedly Mondays and Tuesdays when they pay out most.
I got news for another wood buying.
I was there Monday, which I never go on a Monday made a bad judgment, bad judgment.
It's a miracle.
I got my pants on when I left there.
God.
Now, and I were you talking about?
Were they paying you?
You're talking.
I mean, they're not connected.
I don't know what you're talking about.
How can you supposedly Mondays and Tuesdays and towards the end of the year around December?
Where are you talking about that's a dumbest thing I ever heard my got some inside information
from someone we know that works in the casino industry Mondays and Tuesdays and where
and towards the end of the year like everywhere.
You're saying a wheel and a wheel of fortune you're talking about?
No, just in general slot machines.
That is the biggest pile of cock-a-man I've ever heard in my life.
Whoever told you that, yeah, you got some real inside information.
I don't want to inside where that's where inside that's where it came from.
Bologna.
I'm going to tell you right now and speaking of end of the year, he's wrong because any holiday
like Christmas, New Year's, Fourth of July, any major holiday when the casinos are jammed.
They tighten those things down tighter than a snare drum because they know that as soon as you get up,
somebody else is going to sit down to places our pack jammed with tourists.
Okay.
All in Vegas, Atlantic City, here, anywhere there's casinos.
Trust me.
Believe me when I tell you.
Don't go in as either a special promotion when they're given something away or when it's like a holiday
because those days when they got they've got those things on the computer on slow cook.
Now, seriously, if you do know somebody that computers connected with a computer business,
you need to find out from him about these timers that they put them on.
See, they deny that they do that but we all know they do it.
And then you're sitting there for a half hour and you realize that nobody around you is getting anything except blank poles
and you're playing the dead machine, Mon.
That's bad.
You're just like burning the money.
You might as well have a forest fire.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I know.
Oh, boy, the downtime is man.
And it's all on computer now.
And I'm still not convinced that they can't take the number of your computer and put it in the number of your machine
and put it in the computer and like kill it.
If a machine is too hot, I think they can type the number right in the computer and like put that thing on the slowest payout mode.
I call it the coma mode or the guy like in Denver, the commode.
768 votes.
It's 21 till 2 a major moment in radio history is coming up soon.
This is Neil Rogers.
Yes, is 5.62.
The Lord, the Lord.
That the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
No, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
The Lord, the Lord.
The Lord, the Lord.
The Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
The Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
And overward that view is amazing.
He's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me and I like you.
I don't give a crap point that's very necessary.
He's the one who has more things to ask than what?
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down and on my way to the car when I put my golden mask on.
I give a three condo face.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
The Lord is a back and pound.
I said the Lord, the back and pound.
Why you leave me?
I got a lot of old use for old boots.
I know everything that's going on in the news.
Why I even know all the no-majot rules, I picked to the judge.
Daddy, oh, you're the police.
You better know what doctor I, is the better you when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way of playing me, but when they drive my boys loose, you're the little smoothings of the boys.
And you can play with the police.
And you can play with the police.
And you can play with the police.
I'm the one who got everything worth.
I'm the one who got the bad guy.
I'm the one who got the bad guy.
Driving junk.
Yeah, out on the road, junk driving junk again.
Good.
That's not what I wanted to play, I wanted to play.
Oh, sorry.
I wish I had, you know, better news to report, but that...
That news?
No, nothing exciting.
I offered and he just said, no thank you.
I said, are you sure?
He said, yeah, I'm positive.
That was it.
So in other words, he went to the man himself.
I did, yeah, just directly.
Well, because he wasn't in the studio, he was in the bullpen here.
Right.
And so I saw him and I just, hey, I said, hey, I got two slices here for you.
Want some pizza?
And he just said, you know, no thanks.
Well, at least we made an effort there.
I did, I thought it was a nice gesture.
It was a very nice gesture. It was done with class.
I heated it up for him.
Really?
So what did you wind up doing with it?
I just stuck it back in the box.
I see.
Well, we tried our best, okay.
We made a, and maybe he already had lunch.
It was seem to me that if I'm working two to four,
I probably already had lunch at home before we headed on the Hershey Highway from Boka, right?
Right.
That's true.
In addition to which, who would help, only a slabs like us eat on the air,
like he right before we go on the air.
So, hey, not wrong with that?
Yeah. Well, you had good instructors.
So we made our effort there and what can I tell you?
The good news is we're going to make 800 votes on the poll today,
which I think is most shocking, you know what?
It's too pindish.
The bad news is those horrible dates that I give you that last thing from the Sun Central.
And then you do click on it, and it's still there is no 10 AM update on the work they're doing.
There's no 1 PM on the updates.
There's nothing.
There's 6 AM.
Well, I hate to break the news to them, but it's almost two o'clock,
which is like eight hours later.
And inquiring minds would like to know just how much progress is being made,
as opposed to this BS released that they come out with,
which was dated 12, 38 to 7 noon, by the way, a little over an hour ago.
I mean, November 9th and November 13th,
we're talking to dates that must seem a lifetime away from some of you for folks
out there like living in the dark, living in a hand to mouth,
living like in the stone age, like in a 10th world country.
I'll say it again, it is totally unacceptable.
That's my take.
The city of Fort Lauderdale is van swimming at its beaches due to a state warning
about the safety of the water after Wilma.
Many of Broward's beaches have been cleared of debris
and are open to the public, or into county officials,
but the Florida Department of Health is advising residents and visitors
to avoid swimming at the beaches until testing of the water has been completed
and determined that it's safe.
That's in Fort Lauderdale.
Test results expected tomorrow afternoon,
and it's just for more information called the Broward County,
Hurricane Hotline 954-831-4000.
954-831-4000.
So go to the beach and hang out and lay down on the sun,
it's a matter of fact, in the sun, well, how's the weather noon today?
All I rain is past through, I'm sure.
Not too bad.
Yeah, some little sunshine.
You know, a tad.
A little bit, a little teeny tiny, yes, sun is peaking through, not too much.
So that went better than some people expected that attempt
through, that attempt at daytime.
Right.
Attempted whatever the hell it was.
I honestly, I think the beast is right.
That was pretty good judgment on his part,
which is very, very unusual for him.
I think that would have been over the top.
Well, that's maybe what we wanted.
No.
No, maybe that's what you wanted.
No, I didn't want to do it.
I honestly thought you were going to take a base of that.
You see, that's the difference between you guys and me.
You want to do an insulting move.
No, that's not true.
I want to try to like do a little massage there,
a little something like it's in the legend lower the temperature a little bit,
not so much hostility and hysteria.
Oh, that's a radio show.
No.
This is what we do, okay?
And if it means I'm reading from the newspaper,
or if it means I'm like telling some little insights to where it's about people doing ridiculous crap,
so be it.
That's it.
It's a radio show.
And like I said, as far as the colors are concerned, I wouldn't give a $0.50 cents
for the colors we had today.
Can you tell me one?
Oh, no, the lady was nice.
She was good.
And it was the guy who was in Southeast for a lot of day without the fact.
Those two, that's it.
The rest of these, those cause I wouldn't wish on Hitler,
Abe Abraun, and Mussolini through him in as well.
I bet line line right now is a good one.
My nine is going to be good.
Well, that's what Josh says.
Q-I-M, I bet it's not.
Q-I-M.
How do I need a heart, everybody?
All right.
Four quick things.
Number one happy birthday to you.
Thank you.
Number two, if it makes George feel any better, that's Rob Cash note.
Does anybody power either?
Good.
Number three, STL stands for freaking people legally.
Oh!
So you're right, that was a good call.
Only a city had four things.
To me?
Well, maybe it was the...
Oh!
Oh, I see, the three things and a number four.
You were right, you had your thumb right on it.
That was one of our better calls at a long time.
So not much to choose from out there, Howard.
I mean, Mo.
See, even in a moment of weakness, they're actually called them Mamma Howard.
788 votes.
We need 12 more votes in the next ten minutes and that.
That I think entitles me to several days off.
This is Neil Rogers.
Rob it in out of time, the sky blue skies, no hurricanes, power is on.
That's bad to be doing that, right?
Very.
Sorry, 803 votes on the poll.
Oh!
803 votes.
See, I told him we could do it.
Who do you wish had become present in our past?
Al Gore 265, Bobby Kennedy 196, John McCain 121, even with that big puffed up cheek.
John Kerry 78, Mario Cuomo 35, Ted Kennedy 33, who's just big and puffed up all the way around.
Adelaide Stevenson 19, George Montgomery 18.
Nelson Rockefeller, Rocky 18, Cooper Humphrey 12, and Michael Dukaka only 8.
8 votes for little Michael Dukaka's.
But he was sure impressive in that photo while he didn't have tank, wasn't he?
A little midget in the tank.
Thanks a lot, Mike.
Democrats just have a way of doing that.
And Sonny and 63 tomorrow, I'm looking at that like a little Indian summer here.
Aren't you feeling bad about that?
That's all right there today.
Rain has finally stopped.
I'll have to rental last two days.
The roof stopped, came in for the time being.
And I should probably mention this again, should I?
The power restoration dates.
I mean, I won't go on to give you two depressed, but it's information that people need to know.
We didn't weep.
I read it you weep.
Broward County, according to Florida Plunder Reluct, they say.
And let me check one more time before I read this.
Just to make sure I'm not missing an update, like a one or one 30 year one.
Are you seeing what I'm saying?
I think there's going to be a new one since 6 o'clock this morning.
I doubt it.
Come on, you have little faith.
Florida Plunder Reluct, baby, they're the best.
They're doing it for us.
Let's see.
Here we go.
6 a.m.
Oh, man, are they sucker-what?
Absolutely.
They're bad.
Anyway, Broward County, they say, and again, I'm repeating they say, the area west and south of
I-75 will be essentially be stored by the end of the day, November 9th.
That's next Wednesday, or a day.
Customers north of I-595 and West University Drive.
Also by the end of the day, next November 9th Wednesday.
All other areas that were not in those the geographical areas I just said by the end of the day, November 13,
which is a week from this Sunday, holy moly.
They had County, the area in the course of what they would probably say, oh, yeah, but originally we said that
22nd, then it was the 15th and now look at this.
We moved it all the way up here.
What are you complaining about, right?
That's what they would say.
They had County, the area north of southwest 8th street will be essentially re-eastored by the end of the day, November 11th.
Customers between southwest 8th street and southwest 88th street by the end of the day, November 10th.
Miami Beach, south of 79th street by the end of the November 10th.
All area south of southwest 88th street by the end of the day, November 8th, which is what they said.
Tuesday, November 8th, which ain't too great.
And in Palm Beach County, the areas that built the eight-pohokie in South Bay will essentially be re-eastored by the end of the day, November 11th.
Customers north of PGA Boulevard by the end of the day, tomorrow, Friday, and all other areas in Palm Beach County by the end of the day, November 9th, Tuesday.
So we'll see if George shows up again tomorrow if he's still sick under the weather he was in.
When you spoke to him, he said, like, on death stories that we said, yeah, not good.
Not at all.
All the fumes from that generator are probably slowly but surely killing all the people of his family probably has a little dog as well.
Sounds like a massive, massive lawsuit to me.
And then again, they hear this news about maybe by November 13th, because his area like in Hollywood is not any of the other geographical areas, like the further east you get the more rough tourist you are.
The way it looks here.
So, you know, keep your transistor sister going. We'll do the best we can.
We got the Mollmeister next, mad dog at 4 630 or Panther preview.
Panthers at the Bruins with Gully and Silly Red Deer Randy, 7 o'clock tonight.
Bye, bye, bye.
