This thing about the bingo slots if they do this I mean this is everybody should move out of the state
Just leave it to the gators and the jab your fat ass governor. What an idiot. Oh he's gonna kill this thing
I'm telling you it's I'm not telling you but I've been saying this for weeks if this guy is out to
Make sure this thing doesn't happen doesn't matter what the public wants. It doesn't matter what never matters what the public wants
That family has the one thing in common total lack of respect for the system
So we're in the right places. Well, you sure sound like you're a million miles away, you know what I do?
You didn't have technical problems this morning. Yeah, I heard you say something about that only once yeah, we lost the phone line one time
For like a minute. That's all. Oh, that's not no. I could see my somebody must have pulled the tube. Yeah
No, it's actually nice and relaxing over here. Is it yeah? See they're not too crazy about it either because if we had real slots
So who in the right mind would go over there at all those grave robbery? I mean all those wonderful folks that you're with now
You know what it's it's not you know if this is actually a good place to visit for a couple of days
It has everything sure. I can bet baskets the beast just one
$160 on the real affordian you can hear the jingle in the background really yeah, how many of the 60 bucks?
Yes, how do you play in quarters? Of course, so I'm not the rich mogul that you are playing quarters
But a kind of money you're supposed to go in playing quarters
When you're gonna get over to the nickel machines
No, they have nickel machines. Yes, they should do I'm gonna hit the penny machines in a few okay
I
I didn't I played the Santa Anita card yesterday. I'm in heaven here. Yeah, no, they have a race book here now
So I play Santa Anita one of the I can sit here right in my house and play the Santa Anita card any day
I want that's true. Yeah, you can't do that in Florida. No, or you're not supposed to God forbid right God forbid that Florida should become a real state
Yeah, never have real part of it never happen. It's hopeless
Yeah, I wonder who the successors gonna be when I start that thing in a paper this morning
I just you know you just made your hands up here. So I give up I am I didn't see the paper this morning
I'm you know I haven't gotten the paper over here yet
What was in it the story about the bingo style slots about the house
They the bill coming out today and they want to limit the slots to the same thing that the Indians are using which accomplishes
Two thing oh, and he together also wants to put all kinds of other limits too
They want to force the $20 they want to force the per mutuals to come up with a $500 million a year in revenues for education
They promised even though of course it'll that was projected if date and brownered both past it even though it lost in date
So then if they don't get come up with the 500 million then they're gonna impose a fee to make up the difference
He's good like you said he's been doing everything this power to deep six it and there's a Republican
Wands of Pata from Miami representative who's the one who's a push this thing in the house
Luckily the Senate is not a favor of that state Senate
Viva's a part of yeah, oh, and also the governor wants to ban wait to hear this ban the sale and consumption of booze in the slot halls
And also while I know ATMs
Other than that have a great time
Yeah, this guy is a curse. Yes, he is a curse and I've been asking it for years now
How the hell does he keep winning? How did he win by a landslide light? What what is going on with these people?
They must be massive how they always win they fix the elections
This is right. You know, this is was very predictable
Yeah, he came down did everything he could to be the
But I still blame the proponents though. I think they did a really we both talked about that a really crappy job of
Warding the measure if they would have made it specific if they would have made it specific that they were talking about class two slots
Whatever whatever class it is then there would have been no problem. There are no question. Well, they're losers
That's why they are on it's conductor own business and then they can't you know
They can't even write the legislation properly when they desperately need it. Yeah, and the last three
That's why it's a dump her
Rhymes with Humphoo. Well, good luck here. I I'll stick with woodbine. Thank you
Okay, we'll be here having a good time the beast is gonna be at that wheel of fortune all day
I was feeling in fact
I'll be in Montreal the next three days plunging in their beautiful casino. They got five five floors. I told you about that
Well, don't lose too much. I'll try not to I'll try to use the beast as an example. Yeah, he's inspired me
Have a great day. Hey you two. I'll see you Monday
Rock solid
Casus playing quarters in the Bahamas du fere
oh
Men this all of me men put me in three.
We finally put it and two this mystery.
Boy, wouldn't it be nice if they found Shandra?
We have the hour in one step, she's one.
Wouldn't it be nice if they found Shandra?
By a ring a hitman in the leaves.
She could tell us the barbarous winged be.
As she lads to the hell, call her big be.
Wouldn't it be nice?
Are she not Shandra?
Anybody see her lately?
No, it's 10.04.560.
I guarantee you, she's almost as lively as Terry Shangle.
I don't know about you, but if I hear one more word about that,
well we've got a few words we've got to say the day when we get to that story.
And enough already.
Oh, there it is.
There's another one I'm going to silly guys in the dress, one of them screamers.
Look at that.
You fairy.
Oh, brother.
Anyway, how do I can't handle it?
Can you take any more of that?
No more.
This fat ass governor of yours, let me say it again.
You wanted it, you got it.
You get exactly what you deserve, man.
You vote for this insanity, for these fascist lunatics who want to impose their view on everybody else.
And that's what you get.
Should come is no surprise that they're trying to subvert the rule of the courts,
because you know, you don't mess with the bush people with that crowd.
They're going to do whatever they want and they'll find by hooker by crooks, like stealing elections, little things like that.
Basically, what you had in America, and it goes back to 2000, you had a bloodless coup,
where a group of self-appointed Nazis took over the country, and the media sits back and, but it moved, but it moved, but it moved, but it moved.
And isn't a great religion is taking this great place in America.
And we got that lunatic that wrote that book, that idiotic book about purpose, purposeful life, whatever that thing is.
He's everywhere now.
He's probably on that Toteinus pizza at Rosa Lopez's house.
Or maybe he's on the T-Fell, did you get that thing up by the way, the T-Fell skillet?
No, yet.
Now, let's put it a bit for them.
It's too late. 3PM yesterday was the deadline. Damn it.
Jamie King, also known as James King, kind of a strange name for a chick, James King,
but nevertheless, that's what she wants to be known as.
And so who cares, right?
She's naked there on our beaded curtain if you're over the age of 155 and you got 48 pieces of ID to prove a picture ID that is, okay?
Not any of that's plenty fake ID that we're also familiar with.
April 23rd, 1979, she was born, which makes her almost 26, but not quite.
Born in a great city, Omaha, Nebraska, even though you guys don't believe it.
You know, because that's, see, when you haven't been anywhere, you just don't know nothing about it.
So you're talking to you, you're like, you know, something.
She was a top model at the age of 16 appearing as cover girl for something here and it's chopped off the New York something.
Anyway, she's in a movie called The Nineth Passendor, which is now yet two for the money, which is not yet the alibi, which is not yet.
Since city, that's already pretty persuasion. White chicks, Harry Green and Eugene and Bulletproof Monk, four faces of God.
Loan star state of mind, slackers, pro harbour, blow, happy campers, young Hollywood's awards.
Also on the Howard sperm radio show, but that's said back in the day, like five, six years ago.
So there she is, Jamie King. She's under beta curtain and she's naked as a jabour. There it is for you.
Let's see, what are I see? Okay, here's the results of the poll yesterday.
The best pizza in Florida is pizza loft, 172. No contest. You see the power of this show?
Yes. Now, look at the ice cream that's winning in our poll today. Fish food, right? That injury is fish food.
Who put that on the map?
Who put pizza loft on the map?
That's what he used to like us, like me. Too bad, Tueco is okay, hard-ass.
Pizza loft 172, Mario the Baker 87, Papa John's 81, Steve's pizza 68, pizza time 67,
Cassola's 66, Frankie's 62, which we thank Frankie's for bringing that food yesterday.
Pizza has 58, Godfathers and a cell-vost. I'm going to try to restrain myself.
Okay, I'm going to try very hard not to pull the tube. Oh my God.
Godfathers and a cell-vost 54 each tied. Cassola's 42, Anthony's cold-fired in 41.
Little Caesar's 34, Miami's butters, a lot of names on here. It's going to take me hours to read all of these.
Little Caesar's 34, Miami's best pizza 33, Antonio 31, along with John the Baker 31.
I want to if John the Baker is kind of Mario the Baker, you think?
Brothers.
Pizza Rooster could 27, Components Flicker like 26, somebody was giving us a song in advance about that yesterday.
If they didn't like it or whatever, well they got 26 votes. What do you know?
Sparrows also got 24 though. Oh, about a step away from Franco American.
Lovin' of in 22, Umberto's and the big cheese and Tonys had 20 piece. Thanks to Brad and Tonys.
And the guy say that's still as good as it gets. Yeah.
Mamammi is in Domino's 19a piece. Oh, Domino's. Even your dog would turn its nose up at that.
Poppies and Mr. D17, Hungry Howie's 16, Villarose and Brooklyn Boys and Syros and Mike's 15a piece.
Johnny G's and Vito's 14, Wiseguys 13. I understand that Berkeley is working them feverously.
Nice going, Berkeley, you to go, you to the Eman.
Next 11, Amici 11, Marino's piece of 10, two brothers 9, Sir Pizza 9, Missola's 9.
Then we screw that up, it's not Missola. I don't know what it is.
Oh, it is? Can only kitchen 8, Delveco 8. Now it's Delveco and Gordy Howe and Ted Lindsay.
Today's in ProPSN, Palm Springs, North 7, Jerry's 7, Times Square 7, Red Rock 6, Amore 5,
Uncle Frank's 4, Mamas 4, Poggies 4, Three 4, Espositos 2 votes for Saras, Papa Piccolo,
Hot Sobe, Franco's 1 for Jeno's and Luce. Luce had the big, so that must really be.
Well, maybe just nobody eats it. I don't want to say really be bad, you know, because what do we know?
See, that again is like talking about stuff that you know nothing about.
Like saying, oh boy, that chula steakhouse is really, I've never been there, so what do I know?
I was never invited, see, I'm not part of these sports fraternity on this radio station.
I was never part of that inner circle of sports nerds, so I was never invited.
Now, Josh, he had plenty of free meals there.
Yes, I have. And probably Miguel being promotions guy, you probably had some free meals at chula steak too.
I paid for some too.
Probably had some free meals at chula, like I said.
Yes? Yes, and I paid for it.
Okay, man, we don't have to mess with any additions to that.
Okay, then I have to embellish it. Free meals, free loafer.
Yes. Today we're doing ice cream once and for all.
And already I got faxes on this because we put it up early.
Now, I don't understand this.
Although I think I've seen this Fred says Ben and Jerry's everything but the two twisted ice creams.
Now, is that the name of a flavor?
Because he says combination of New York superfudge chunk, Heathbar crunch.
Oh, we got to get that on the right away, Heathbar crunch.
Oh, God. And what?
Now, there's nothing like Heathbar crunch.
And peanut butter cup to die for, he says.
Oh, he says that.
I guess that might be the name of a weight and find out for sure, right?
We figured out.
Yeah. Also a fact that says Ben and Jerry's caramel sutra or is caramel.
Caramel sutra.
And nobody with a brain says caramel.
Okay, only people that don't know how to speak proper English say caramel.
Whatever you call it, I guess it's probably pretty good.
And then he's actually who sent this p-dro?
Hey, p-dro.
He's got a diagram of the way it sits in the tub in the container.
Vanilla on one side, caramel cone in the middle and chocolate on the other side.
Caramel sutra says caramel cone one and a half inches thick.
Vanilla on one side, chocolate with fudge chunks on the other side.
It's sick. This is really disgusting.
The one good thing is I'm very confident that nobody's going to bring you guys any ice cream today.
I'm positive of that.
Hey, publics is right down the street.
My guy said publics ain't bringing you no ice cream, okay?
Yeah, but somebody could stop.
Oh, and that's true.
Do a good deed.
Anybody out there wants to bring in some dulce de leche from Miguel?
And I don't know what's your story.
I'll do rocky road.
Rocky road, that's a good choice.
And now Ben and Jerry's doesn't make rocky road, do they?
That's a little too pedestrian for them.
They don't make everything else.
Huh?
They make everything else.
I mean, they even make vanilla and they make chocolate and strawberry.
They think that they would make a rocky road.
I've never seen a venture is rocky road.
I'll tell you, it makes a really great rocky road and that's faster than robins.
Man, they have a good rocky road.
You just want to kind of stick a cube in there and like, you know, melt it and put like a straw and drink it.
Hey, your fish food is number seven on their top 10.
What does that mean?
I'm Ben and Jerry's.com.
Yeah.
There's number seven.
We don't hear what they're top 10 is.
We're talking about our astute audience that's got, you know, taste in their tush.
In fact, vanilla is number two already.
Look at that.
Fish food is number one so far and vanilla is number two.
And chocolate is number three.
What a bunch of daring folks we have out there.
Wow.
Man.
Let's see.
Oh yeah, cookie dough and butterpick in.
Man, like I said, it's 10, 13 to 5, 60 to 2.
I mean, you people, you know about ice cream, man.
You could put inside your, all right.
No, that's the one.
And have plenty of room left over.
Although after yesterday is a pickout, Josh said maybe not.
I just don't know how you, the last two days has been really disgusting.
Don't bring them any ice cream.
Okay, I don't want to be responsible for bad things happening to these people.
But stop at the ice cream.
Wow.
Your fat ass is really comfortable.
Wow.
Your fat ass is doing wonders for my bad fat.
You want to do something useful with your fat ass.
I can sleep on your fat ass all day.
Then why not put it to use?
You know, and if my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too, do you?
As one of America's newest ask cushions, put your fat ass to use for the airlines and turn a coat seat into comfort class.
This is great.
By letting people sit on your fat ass, you'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus.
At the movie theater, even at the park.
Mommy, the boss on the fat ass with me.
Put your fat ass to work today.
Receive hourly wages, health benefits, and whole host.
Call now and be proud to be a fat ass.
I am 1018 at 560 WDQM.
So anyway, why didn't they put that wording in the amendment on a ballot class three slot machines?
That's all I had to do.
It's put those extra two words in their class three to be specific.
How anybody could spend all the time in the effort and the money that the proponents did and leave it up to the fat ass governor speaking of fat ass and the legislature?
It's just bottles of mine.
They shouldn't know what ahead of time.
That they're going to do everything in their power to us, a virtual world of public.
That's this fat ass governor, especially.
Whatever you people want, he's going to do the obvious.
He's always got devious plans.
Terry Shiveaux, same thing.
She wants to be left alone, leave her and die.
The husbands cut the crap already, take out that.
And, oh, but I mean, put them open.
The best yesterday was he's trying for the DCF, which did such a great job with where you will to mention all those other children.
And by the way, she's not a child, Terry Shiveaux.
But nevertheless, the Department of DCF, he wants them to take custody of Terry.
Isn't that great?
Oh, yeah.
In fact, that wouldn't surprise me if they'd gone in in the middle of the night and just to whisper away in there like happens on passions or one of those crazy soap operas.
Oh, she just disappeared.
She's off to the bush.
She's out mantained somewhere on the French River of Error.
You'll never see her ass again.
I mean, just when the hell does it ever stop in the public?
What is it that you're fascinated with?
What's to like?
You know, there's that old expression that you use all the time.
What's not to like?
What's to like with his bastard?
He is one of the most obnoxious, one of the most anxious, and we keep hearing in the media.
Oh, but he's a very devout man, and he really believes in it.
Yeah, right.
All he believes in is that he's the dictator, and he's going to jam everything down the throats of the public, whether that's what they want or not.
That's all he knows, your fat ass governor.
But he should only rot.
Want me to get pardon?
He's a Christian.
No, he's a Catholic Catholic.
Oh, my bad.
Don't get born again.
Christians confuse with Catholics because, as you know, they hate each other like poison.
Hate you.
But it kind of rubbed off on him when he married that Chiquita banana there.
So, you know, Columbus, the smuggler, it rubbed off.
So he's Catholic, but of course he's a very devout Catholic, and of course, you know what they're saying?
Like the Shindras.
Thank God, by the way, the Shindras.
I was a little bit nervous with that name that they were Jewish.
We had enough problems already, you know, with Mairlansky.
The Shindras are Catholic, and they're given a song and a dance about it.
Oh, well, Terry was a devout Catholic, and the husband says, now she wasn't devout at all, okay?
And there's plenty of Catholics who have living wills and choose to have their lives not extended with some stupid ashes.
Chiquita!
And other artificial means.
Oh, boy.
Just this religious explosion that you're seeing in America today, this is at the root.
Okay, of course, that's just a cover-up.
What's underneath it, of course, has nothing to do with religion.
But that's the cover-up for everything else that's going on.
An explosion of her.
And in fact, did I print that out?
Here's the best before we get to our ice cream.
I'm tired of this crap. I can't stand it.
Evangelicals oppose the government on Shival.
How do you like that?
In spite of what you're hearing in the mass media.
More than two-thirds of people that describe themselves as evangelicals and conservatives disapprove of the intervention by Congress and President Bush in the case of Terry Shival.
A CBS news poll found that four or five people pulled a post-federal intervention
when levels of disapproval among key groups supporting the GOP almost that high.
Bush's overall approval rating, which was down to 49% last month, dropped again down to 43%
dropping like a rock, dropping like a rock.
Most Americans say they feel sympathy for family members on both sides of the Scoot over Shival.
More than eight in ten in the poll so they feel sympathy for Bob and Mary Shunder at seven in ten,
and they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
And they feel sympathy for the intervention of the government.
Maybe we got our first gay government gay.
Yeah. Charlie Christ.
Or we'd be Mark Foley.
Maybe Miss Foley will leave Congress in one for a higher orifice.
Let's see. Ben and Jerry's Jerry Garcia 19.
Ben and Jerry's Super Fudge Chunk.
That's New York Super Fudge Chunk.
17. I guess we didn't have room to put that in there, huh?
I don't know. I didn't put it on.
Oh, now you're blaming us on Eric Ian.
You're right, Caziric God. That was the original poll.
Rocky Road 13.
For Stasio 12.
Togging Daz Dulce de Laché 10.
It's watery.
Labor is good, but it's watery.
Butch it up a little bit.
Strawberry 8.
Ben and Jerry's Coffee Coffee Crencelly 6.
Only 6.
Vanilla's got 38.
And Ben and Jerry's Coffee Coffee Crenches got 6.
This is enough to make me just fall on the floor and laugh.
You know, laugh or cry for hours.
Coffee 5. Coffee ice cream.
Of which there are, you know, we could be more specific.
Rhyres Oreo's got 4.
Rum raisin 3.
Rhyres score is got 3.
Nestle's turtle 3, which means some of you folks have scoured for those in fondum.
Congratulations, I salute you.
Neapolitan 2.
That's your chocolate vanilla and strawberry.
It's like for little kids.
Yeah.
Like when you're in school.
You used to have those little dixie cups with either vanilla chocolate or neapolitan.
Chocolate strawberry and vanilla.
I don't know. I mean, that is really for goyem.
Caramel Sutra 1 and Heathbar Crunch 1.
Now, who makes Heathbar Crunch?
Does Ben and Jerry's making Heathbar Crunch?
I think they do.
I'm not, I'm not, you know ice cream this weekend.
No way.
I had 3 ice cream days.
What?
Right after the show.
You know what I'm not.
No, I'm absolutely not.
For you.
I had 3 ice cream days in a row and it definitely cannot continue.
26 past 10 at 5.
60 WQM.
We got the mohawar David and the, let's see, are my wrong about that.
No, we don't have no moh today.
No moh.
Dode, dode, dode.
Curtis Stevenson from Mohut 2.
What's that all about?
Mad Dog at 4.
650 Marlins on deck.
The Marlins exhibitionist game against Houston from Consimius 7.
05 followed by the Eddie K. gambling show.
No moh today.
Huh?
Maybe he's sitting home eating pizzas.
Maybe he's just showin' all that.
Or maybe he's off to a big, maybe he had a big dinner at New York Prime last night.
Heathbar is a banger.
I can only imagine.
I mean, as good as the coffee, coffee, coffee crunches, I would imagine that the Heathbar is just...
What's up with you?
What's up with you?
How did they put you into a spastic, teresh-hybo stage?
You, man.
Absolutely no to reinserting that.
You, but get pushed.
I got the moh!
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, who got the money from his daddy?
Oh, and if I set my little bridey, oh, we'd say the gender that's gratifying.
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
No, but they're ballet.
Absolutely.
Well, he's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
He's a present.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad dispute.
Who never praises do, by mixer, will all be screwed!
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
Any smart dude with that race against funny would pay.
Why do you think they call it?
Cooper.
Victoria Lany-Rake.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, he'll be the KKK Nazi.
Oh, daddy's a telehazzy Nazi.
The end of the battle, eh?
Absolutely.
Come on, let's do stuff.
Come on, NATO.
Let's go.
Let's go.
You asked Supreme Court tonight, Shibos Perch,
your press to reinsert the tube.
How do you like that?
The only last chance they got in, I was at noon.
There is a Florida judge who's going to rule one final ruling.
And of course, he already gave his preliminary indication yesterday.
But he's going to give the final ruling at noon,
and that'll be it.
About J.A. Bush's attempt to, yeah.
And now we're in 27 minutes, but who's counting?
And we can get on with the hard lives.
J.A. Bush tried to have DCF take control, take custody of her,
which of course is absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, what legal basis is there for that?
That the state can just come in and take custody of anybody?
I mean, I can understand if it's somebody who's homeless or,
well, I might even go through it.
You know, it's your fat ass governor again, a crazy person running your state.
And wonder if Florida's in a condition that it's in.
And after Insanisaw, Jessica says,
favorite ice cream, it says OMG being the fat pig that I am.
I'm always trying to out the low carb ice cream.
Last week I tried one that was so good I had to pass it along.
Public's brand, turtle ice cream with only four carbs per serving.
I think one serving is his, but he's, but who cares.
It's good.
Even people who don't lean the low carb way would love it.
Says Jessica, how do you like that?
Public's turtle.
Got it.
I got, you want to say public, but I don't want to say low carb.
High carb.
Wouldn't want to do that.
We'll have 40,000 different names on there.
Public's brand, turtle.
I was sure I have a feeling already about it because all those low carb ice creams.
And a lot of them are very good, but they've got that stuff in them.
And that's sorbitol and maltitol.
And oh, keep you real busy.
All they real close to home, please.
Half baked by Ben and Jerry's.
Now there is some real crap.
Sorry, whoever sent this.
It's, I can't, I hate to break the news there.
I can't stand it.
But half baked by Ben and Jerry's.
Chocolate and vanilla ice cream with fudge, brownies, and chocolate chip cookie dough.
See, it's got cookie dough.
Oh, not for me.
Save all the cookie dough for Christy Eileen.
And this lady who sent this back.
OK, you got it half baked.
Ben and Jerry's half baked.
OK.
Don't go off half baked.
Oh, look at that.
That's right.
It is called, Fred sends a picture of the container, where Fred's a maniac.
He went online, I guess.
And everything but the, oh, that's what it's called.
Everything but the blank, blank, blank.
Oh, and he's got another picture with the description on it.
Did you see me that or not?
Uh, no.
Well, why not?
I want it.
OK, if it has to do with ice cream, if I'm not going to eat any, at least I can talk
about it.
I can fantasize.
But that's Ben and Jerry's, by the way.
Ben and Jerry's everything but the dot, dot, dot, got it, dot, dot, dot, dot.
Got it.
And you melted it about a hunt for about two and a half minutes in the microwave.
So it's like a puddle in me and just suck it up in a tube.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What are we going to do after noon?
What are we going to do with that tube?
Maybe we can start talking about the applicator tube.
That one.
The one that rushes, God, buried somewhere.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Nearly.
Yes, sir.
E.D. chocolate peanut butter.
Is the greatest.
E.D. chocolate peanut butter, OK?
The best vanilla's gay.
Hey, vanilla's really gay.
Oh, boy.
If you even know it.
You're fairy.
You got it?
E.D.
I forgot all about E.D.
E.D. used to bring us in a lot of free ice cream as a matter of fact.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't know if they still like us or not, but E.D. and I would be, I think, also on the
station.
Really?
Has brought us in some free ice cream.
So I'm just, I just mentioned that.
Just in case, you know, you don't want to get shut out again today.
We proved our power yesterday.
Supreme court says no to removing that to reinserting the shoe.
Now, let's keep it out of there.
That thing about the bingo style slots proposed.
I just, I just want to vomit.
I'm so glad that I spend as little time in Florida as humanly possible.
You have no, you can't even begin to imagine the tremendous pleasure.
Even if we're sitting here just like in a Terry Shibotai state with a cue in my nose,
down my throat or whatever, that would be an improvement.
Or I have to like endure the kind of madness that goes on.
Florida is it, it's helpless and hopeless because you people keep putting the same losers,
the same maniacs back at office again to run your lives.
And we're spelling run, R-U-I-N, by the way.
Everything but the original ice cream pines chocolate and vanilla ice cream with
heat bar chunks, white chocolatey chunks, peanut butter, cuffs, and a like peanut butter,
and chocolatey covered almonds.
It says, whenever we visit our scoop shops, we notice our friends combining their favorite
flavors.
It's great, cool new combos.
And we thought, what a great idea.
So we took your favorite Ben and Jerry's and swirled them together to invent some twisted
new flavors.
And now you get more of everything.
And while I've twisted this and twisted them, all of Chubby Tecro be courtesy of the
guest today at 215.
Huh?
Better courtesy than us.
We don't want Chubby Tecro clearance.
Just stay away from us.
Okay, try it.
Stop trying to suck around clearance.
We don't want, we don't do guests.
They realize you have no understanding of what these shows all about.
But we don't do guests on the show.
Guests are crap.
That's one thing that I know is absolutely correct about.
Absolutely correct.
Yes, our tune out.
And we got the edge warrants coming on today to talk about the 1950-do baseball card collections.
And if you're not interested in 1952 baseball collections, I guess you're all gone.
See what I'm saying?
Guests blow.
WCWAM, hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
I don't understand these people, man.
How?
With all the great ice cream there's out there.
Right.
But now I'm standing.
Oh, it's not only me.
I'm just roast out by it.
It's just an exciting...
Frozen milk coming.
Right, that's exactly right.
You know, water.
And then do yourself a favor.
I mean, I know you know this.
But just stay the hell out of here, man.
There's no reason for you to have to count these.
This place is...
Well, I'm going to come in for a week at a time to take care of a few legal odds and ends
and write out a few checks and do some things.
And then I get to hell out.
I mean, I've got a trip booked this summer already for just a weekend.
The Friday of Saturday and coming back here on a Sunday.
I just can't take it.
I don't know how I endured all those years.
But, true, man.
Let me tell you something.
And I usually try to set it up that way.
That business gets me out of here for at least a good four months during the summer.
Oh, right.
Because I mean, there is no way...
Especially with this insanity would be a tube and thing going on.
A tube, right?
I thought that.
A tube.
That I am a tube.
That's what I'm going to do.
A tube.
Staying down here.
Anyways, one for your list.
Just for the element.
Because I didn't see it on there.
I would say it's my favorite.
But, about as close as I'll get to vanilla as cookies and cream.
I don't know what that means.
But in theory, it does not make...
Really?
No, I've never been able to find it.
Everybody else does.
I know.
And...
Don't you find it strange that they don't make Rocky Road?
Because Rocky Road is like a...
It's right up there, Ali.
It's one of their kind of ice cream.
Value with more ice in it and...
I am.
I asked somebody...
I asked somebody who used to work for them that I had a different.
And he said probably part of the reason is because fish food is sort of their answer to Rocky Road.
I don't...
I disagree with that.
But...
I agree.
Thank God they don't make it.
It would probably be pretty good.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right, just...
Okay, you're about that.
Cookies and cream?
Yeah.
Okay.
Are you getting ice cream yet?
No, they're not going to bring you ice cream.
I don't even know if I can waste my time.
If I chance, somebody comes by with four or five half gallons.
Then just let me know.
I'm going to be on Rocky Road.
It's...
Collusive on you.
You're on the line of sixteen.
You're on the line of sixteen.
I just got it.
The other new Christiana team.
George Bush's our Christendom team.
We are at the end of the Rhythm of Wups.
Chris did the algorithms of dumbness.
His sacrifice we must have just...
The body and blood of full will slash him.
Bush's Lord and Dipper of life was on in the highest.
Bush's Lord and Dipper of life was on in the highest.
Was on in the highest.
Bush's the push of dumbness.
Bush's the push of die.
Bush's the push of die.
Two parry.
Ten forty six at fewer.
The US Supreme Court rejected it and appealed by the parents of Terry Schabel.
I have their severely brain damaged daughters feeding...
Puy.
Reinserted.
The court without comment refused to intervene after the eleventh US Supreme Court of Appeals twice Wednesday turned out a plea from the parents.
On the Florida front.
Pinellas Passgo circuit judge George Greer has said he'll rule by noon today.
That's an hour and 13 minutes but who's counting?
On the latest effort by Florida officials to intervene in the case.
That's by noon today.
It could be earlier.
It could be any second now, Yanny.
Is your seat?
Actually, yeah.
Greer had ordered Shabo's cube.
Remove last Friday, after seven years of court battles between the Shindlas and Michael
Shabo, the issue now before Greer involves allegations that Terry Shabo may have been abused
by her husband as they're making up stuff frantically here at the last moment.
In addition, in a petition by the Florida Department of Children and Families, the ECF,
a neurologist who examined Shabo's medical records never examined her.
Never was anywhere near her found she was most likely in a state of minimal consciousness
rather than a persistent, vegetative state, previously doctors have diagnosed.
So, all the other doctors who examined her all these years, they know nothing, but
here's the examined the medical records and has never been anywhere near her.
He said, no, she's okay.
She's ready to get up into a tampance.
According to the petition, the agency's board-certified neurologist, Dr. William Polk-Tesher,
is informed as information that seriously challenges the diagnosis that Mrs. Shabo
was in a persistent, vegetative state as the courts have upheld.
The new information raises serious concerns and warrants immediate action fat ass governor
Jeb Bush said.
Bush is vowed to do everything within his power to restore Shabo's speeding tube.
David gives attorney for Shabo's parents, called the neurologist minding shocking new
medical development, shocking.
Oh my gosh.
That's it.
Greer barred Florida authorities yesterday from removing Terry Shabo from the hospice
and spiriting her off never to be seen again, which I'm sure is exactly what they had
in mind.
Maybe they can take her off the Alistair Queen's Salatial Estate off there in a friendship
barrier.
What a hell it is.
I think maybe Alistair himself will show up.
Now this story about in the heraldous morning, Bingo-style slots proposed, this is what
Florida is all about right here.
There is nothing that happens in that state that can be done right.
That makes sense that, you know, that reflects the will of the electorate that just that
just, you can't do anything right.
It just can't happen.
It's against the law.
No say per misal key.
Okay, can't be done.
Slot machines in Broward County Per Mutual facilities would be limited to the Bingo-style
video terminals that are now in use at Indian Gaming Casinos under a proposed bill being
released today by a key house committee.
The major attempts to limit the expansion of gambling by prohibiting Vegas-style slot
machines and potentially undercutting efforts by the Seminole and Micah Sucky tribes to get
higher stakes casino gambling known as Class III gaming and negotiations with the state.
The house plan also attempts to force the per mutual industry to make good odds campaign
promises to generate $500 million in tax revenues for education, even though that promise was
made when it appeared that both they then Broward Per Mutuals would have the games.
And of course they don't.
Under the plan proposed by the House Business Regulation Committee, the state would impose
a tax rate on the machines that is yet to be determined.
If tax revenue is less than the 500 million in the industry promise in its election campaign,
the state would impose a fee to make up the difference.
Industry reaction to the proposals was mixed last night as lobbyists put their hopes on
a Senate bill next week that's expected to impose fewer restrictions and cost them
less money than the house version.
The worst case scenario we want to be in is to have nothing less than the gaming the Indians
have said Ron Book who represents a coalition of per mutual owners.
The idea of limiting slot machine operations to the vingo-style terminals now in use of
the Indian casinos was first promoted by Representative Juan Zapata, a Miami Republican
and recently endorsed by fat ass governor, Jeff Boge.
The machines are defined as class II gambling in federal law.
By all appearances the faster machines look and operate like the traditional slot machines,
but customers play against each other rather than against the house and the jackpots tend
to be lower.
Governor Bush released a suggestions for regulating slot machines this week and while the
House plan embraces many of them such as defining slot machines as the vingo-style video
machines, it excludes many others, waits to hear these.
For example, the House does not embrace the governor's proposal for taxing slots.
Bush wants to impose a 40% tax rate on the first 500 slot machines at Browards for
per mutual facilities then increased to rate by 5% for every 500 machines up to a tax
rate of 100%.
When do we get to 150%?
Oh there's that wild pat in the honey.
Her lips are cracking.
Fulming at the mouth.
Bush also wants to, here we go, Bush wants to also ban the sale and consumption of alcohol
and allow no ATMs within the slot halls.
The House bill does not have those reasons.
Let me say to you, he wants to ban the sale of booze and not allow any ATMs in the slot
halls.
That'll be great.
The House does not include the governor's suggestion that gamblers be banned from using
credit cards or debit cards in slot machines and also prohibits any cash advances to gamblers.
The governor also opposes the industry practice of offering free drinks meals or gifts to
gamblers.
This man, we need to Baker Rack him.
He's trying to run off in hijack and kidnap Terry Shabo's buddy.
This governor of yours, he needs to be Baker Rack.
And he needs to be put into a mental institution before he has no state left at all.
He's a crazy person.
Both the House and the governor propose a lot of the slots to operate 12 hours a day.
The House sets the hours as new to midnight to joke.
Minimum should be like 9 a.m. to 3 a.m. and something like that.
Of course, most places now in this day and age are like 24 or 7.
By contrast, a Senate committee is considering a plan that would define slot machines as the
traditional Las Vegas style slots.
Thank God.
That style of gambling is defined and fed of laws class 3 gaming and could open up an
opportunity for the Indian consumers to negotiate with the state to offer other high-stakes
games such as crafts, roulette and blackjack.
The Senate is also expected to impose a tax rate of 30 percent.
About 30, man.
And, of course, many of the other restrictions sought by the governor and House leaders.
Thank the Lord for your state Senate.
I'll tell you that right now.
Are you aware that you're not going to have diddly?
Not going to have diddly squat.
Oh, when does it ever end?
Is it ever end?
No.
Man, I think that governor is sticking the tube right where the moon don't shine.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8, you know, the caller they call a moment ago.
I hate to break the news to you.
But I'm confident looking at the result.
This reminds me of the night.
What was it?
March 8th when we had the referendum on the slots.
Something like that.
And early in the night, and it was way ahead and brow at all night.
But in data was ahead by a few points.
And as the time kept going on, you just saw what was happening.
You know, you saw that it was only a couple points ahead and all of a sudden it was behind.
Same thing here on our pool.
What's your favorite ice cream flavor or ice cream?
Ben and Jerry's fish food, which is been leading right through 70.
That's in front.
That's first.
Vanilla is, I'm confident vanilla will be in first by the time we get done with this.
Just like I've been telling you forever and ever.
And you've laughed at me when I told you that.
Didn't you?
It's not always making that up.
I told you that because I've read it as Indian times.
I did my research, man.
Anybody send ice cream like I am.
I do my research.
Vanilla 62 chocolate 40.
Oh, Ben and Jerry's cherry garcia 27.
And even that's shocking because that's certainly not one of their best flavors.
You think?
That is their best flavor.
Yeah, get out of here.
Don't ask this guy.
Okay, don't ask this guy about ice cream.
Not by my choice.
That's on their site.
That's what people prefer.
Cherry garcia isn't even in their top five.
Yes, it is.
No, I'm not talking about on their website.
I'm talking about in fact.
Butter pecan 26, 25.
The dark folks like Butter pecan.
Ben and Jerry's super fudge chunk.
That's New York super fudge chunk 24 cookie dough 24.
Oh, we rock.
Rocky road 18.
Rocky road's Dan Good.
pistachio 15.
Haga that's dulce de laixie 14.
Yeah, strawberry 12.
Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch nine.
That should be right up there bubbling under the top.
I don't want to like start getting you folks back, but if you haven't had coffee toffee
crunch, you just your life is a fraction.
Your life experience is like almost like Terry Shibos.
That's how minimal you're enjoying your life if you haven't had that.
Coffee ice cream, H. is general generic coffee.
Heathbar crunch six, buyers Oreo six.
That's Miguel's.
Yes.
Rum raisin six.
Rum raisin can be pretty good.
Although Hagen does his guess what Hagen does.
Rum raisin is.
Watery?
Yeah, watery.
Neopold and Ford Nestle's turtle four.
Breir score is three.
That's the correct answer.
By the way, you just can't find it too bad.
You lose.
Evie's chocolate peanut butter's got a pair.
Caramel sutra.
That's Ben and Jerry's, by the way.
You don't have to put that on there.
But I just two should be cookies and cream one Ben and Jerry's everything but the dots
one Starbucks mud pie one Ben and Jerry's half baked on have any in public turtle or have
any of either sorry about that.
All so much ice cream.
Let's see Evie's Coney Island vanilla with caramel swirl and chunks of chocolate covered
waffle cone bits is bread.
Evie's Coney Island vanilla or is that just called Evie's Coney Island?
I guess.
Uh.
Evie's Coney Island.
You got it.
I mean you're making this into like a big good simous.
It's not that complicated.
Yes, it's a Coney Island.
Coney Island.
Uh.
Here's the fact that it says oh Maxwell Tots the silly as Brit.
Oh.
A cruise ship of gay life guards.
This is this silly as a bag of lifeguard.
Turned away from Nevis and the Caribbean.
Okay.
What a bunch up a little bit.
Okay.
You're very good at it.
Maxwell Tots.
Well, another Brit.
Of course the Brit's are all you know, Queens.
Ben and Jerry's concession obsession.
Wow.
Is a concession or confession?
It says here concession obsession.
It's chocolate ice cream with a caramel swirl and chunks of your favorite movie theaters
snacks like snow, cap speed and butter, cups and soft pretzels.
Oh.
Oh pretzels and ice cream.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
By the way, it says here.
No, seriously, have you ever had ice cream with pretzels in it?
No.
That would be like having pizza with pickles on.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
I agree with you on that.
It's something that's bizarre.
It says, by the way, the two new drops.
Chew.
And you fairy are some of the best ever.
Play them all day.
Well, that's just a plan.
Chew.
You fairy.
Huh?
It sounds like a plan to me.
We could just back them up.
Side by each.
Chew.
And listen.
You fairy.
Let's work on it.
You are the secant, new Roger.
And Mr. Coulinson tell you.
Our unvibe 6060 at UAM.
He's a lionish trade, you idiot.
Whoever told you that you could work with men.
What you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there.
To try to earn a living.
You company man.
You fairy.
In the 60s, it was the twins.
Singing a baby in the heart.
Singing a baby in the heart.
Singing a baby in the heart.
Singing a baby in the heart.
It was said in these.
It was disco.
In the 80s, it was MTV.
And okay.
In the 90s, it was success.
And now the latest craze sweeping the nation is mouth breathing.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Are you ready tonight?
Yeah.
I like food.
I like local TV news, directors, better record for the year old.
They have thought of rockers, love their boyfriend, their guest.
They know what hard-hitting, riddled, nausea, fire, fire, fire, fire.
It's a low-doll three. A QA time to pull the...
You're right.
Anyway, we've got 57 minutes and less than 57 minutes in county.
It's still new until Judge Breyer gives us the high sign.
Now, you realize there's no way in a world that he's going to say that DCF can take custody of her.
You can imagine the precedent that that would set.
I don't see that happening.
They're just going to come into your house and they're going to grab somebody.
Oh, well, you're not taking good care of them.
We're going to come in and grab them in the middle of the night.
And we're going to take custody.
The governor is going to have this secret place somewhere.
Like Sodom had all these secret palaces.
Your governor is going to have all these secret mansions around the state.
And he's going to have all these people hooked up, of course, to a big...
Cue!
Maybe it's really a vong.
5670560.
56 minutes in county.
This is exciting.
It's almost like the day Michael came in and his pajamas.
Remember that?
The 5670560.
Pound 560 and the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Like a morning.
Yes, sir.
I'm the one...
One of the ones that cannot eat ice cream because they glow like a balloon.
You know, I have to have the TCB Y.
The Y chocolate mousse.
Right.
That's really good for me.
I can have the sneakers with pretzels and water on it.
I have to do it.
Well, maybe we'll feed it to intravenously like they were a big cue.
Yeah, but going back to that case, other lady with a tooth.
The lady with a tooth.
I'm going with a cue.
If you're Christian and you believe in God, don't you believe that you...
That person has gone 15 years ago and you're supposed to be dead.
I don't know.
I'm not Christian.
I don't believe in God.
So I couldn't tell you.
So I'm assuming it's a rhetorical question.
You never was...
She's in heaven already.
She's in heaven already.
You're gone.
She's long gone.
So you're against your religion because God is calling you.
You're not there.
Then that's right.
You better get on your way, Terry.
Good point.
As far as that tube is concerned, all I can tell you is that this is absolute mass madness.
And once again, you see other people that goes on every day, every day in America
and all over the world, there are people who die with dignity and want to have...
See, the living world would have solved it.
That's what the world for everybody.
But even people without living will, if they make the wishes known to a loved one, whatever, it goes on.
And we don't have the cameras there.
We don't have wacky people like Reverend Pat Mahoney, whatever.
Ah, my mother, she's parked for a lipstick cracking.
See, you know what?
She's like...
She's like our management.
She has no feeling.
You know what I'm saying?
She has no feeling.
So the fact that she's dying would appear to be a horrible grotesque death and being starving of it, etc.
It's a mood point because she's in a vegetative state, which means she has no senses, no feeling.
She just exists.
She has those involuntary blinks of the eye.
But you'll notice...
Now, look over here.
Here, you hold up the two fingers.
Over here, it's hanging in the course.
Ah, she doesn't move.
The only time you see any head movement is when they're moving her head around with her hand.
Like a rag doll.
God.
Bill and Ford Lauderdale says...
Oh, please.
Oh, that's right.
Bill's got a good point.
The hand was right.
According to the official Ben and Jerry's website,
Jerry Garcia is the most popular flavor.
Your insistent is, isn't even on the top five.
What are you trying to say, Neil?
Are you saying that the website is wrong 50% of the time?
No, I'm saying that the people who voted on the website, they're just tasting their twister like our audience.
Well, at least one at the time.
What?
At least one at the time.
We just relax.
Bill and Ford Lauderdale makes a good point every now and then, two or three times a month, a year.
And a twist likely to further complicate the prosecution's efforts to convict Michael Jackson, a former bodyguard,
expected to be a key witness against the pop star, is sitting in a Las Vegas jail, facing a slew of felony charges,
stemming from four armed robberies.
A spokeswoman for the Clark County Nevada District Attorney's Orphus confirmed that Christopher Eric Carter, 25 was indicted yesterday in 15 counts,
including first-degree kidnapping, burglary, robbery, coercion, and possession of a firearm by an ex-fellon.
According to the indictment, Carter had been convicted in 2000 in Maryland on drug and escape charges, two years before he went to work for Jackson.
The victims in the kidnapping cast were targets of the robberies, and were patrons inside witnesses who were held against their will, according to the indictment.
The serious felony charges are elected to the damage the credibility of Carter, who's testified he witnessed Jackson and his teenage accuser drink alcohol together during airplane flight.
And he's still got to testify by the way, that's what they're saying.
It's quite of all these other, all these other, you got to clear them of all these ridiculous charges.
But he's still going to testify.
Look at that, only six votes separating fish food from vanilla.
I mean, if you're sitting there where ever you are listening to this show right now, and you're contemplating your navel and wondering what's going on with the world and with our state and with the public in general with America, what has become.
And you look at this fish food number one vanilla, only six votes behind.
WQIM, hello.
Hello, Neil, I agree with you.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me get you out of here.
There you go, much better.
There we go.
Lots of adding.
Wow, it's kind of listen to something while I was waiting for you to pick up.
Long time ago when you were talking about fish food.
Yes.
Oh, and that is still a great issue.
But the one thing that it used to do to me is, I don't know, man, it used to give me like a tremendous headache.
I don't know, maybe it's the sugar or something in it.
Yeah, because it's so rich, that is correct.
That is absolutely correct.
You got a very good point.
It's very, very rich.
It is very good, but it's very, very rich.
You can't eat the whole point in like, you know, you have to spread it out over like 10 minutes, you know.
Well, even a little bit, I mean, I get, I get, it feels like a high problem.
Yeah, that's correct.
Sugar high, you bet.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Like a sugar high, all these people wasting their time with drugs.
Sugar high, lots of sugar.
Yeah, it's in these fish food, it's cheaper.
That's right.
All right, Neil.
I'm going to go through it.
I can get that.
Q.
Q.
Say it right, pal, come on.
You can do it.
I guess I'm going to have to put that in my 360 year.
All right, then there's always.
Applicator Q.
And just in case you didn't like that.
Fairly, yay, fairly, yay.
You're fairy.
Kind of a little variation on the thing.
Q.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Your favorite ice cream.
This is the last of this current series that was shown on food.
Okay, all week long, we did food.
We've had a pretty good week here this week, right, painless.
A lot of free food.
No ice cream, no yet.
Nobody hungry when you ice cream.
I just, you know, it would have to be a listener.
Or, yeah, why not?
And you'll notice nobody said Carvel.
Thank God.
Right?
Right.
Well, that's because it says ice cream.
Nobody said very queen.
Oh, I'm really shocked that like Bastard Robbins hasn't got to mention it.
I mean, I'm sure they've got some of their exclusive flavors.
That other places don't.
There would be a Bastard Robbins flavor.
No, no mentions yet.
WQIN, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was watching the entertainment Terry Shivoh show last couple of days.
And Sean Hannity had the brother on there.
And he was trying to make it out to be like the ex-husband or the husband had caused all her injuries.
Right.
Yeah, this is something they just invented in the last couple of days out of desperation.
Yeah.
And Chandel, he had a love that.
And he just pandering to him and I agree with you.
Now you get Randall Terry on the MSNBC.
Is it unbelievable you were watching?
Well, it's really something the group that they've jumped into bed with.
And meanwhile, I think the most telling pull was that one among Christian evangelicals.
And it's like four out of five or whatever the percentage was.
Three out of four.
Don't agree with this.
Even they realize that this is totally an or it's unacceptable.
This political pandering is going to blow up in their face.
Well, what's going to happen is when it's all said done that the Shenolos will start blaming the Republican Congress.
Could it didn't get this done so that nobody wins?
Well, the Democrats are so weak need anyway that they're not going to, you know, they could make political he out or anything.
Yeah.
Good luck to us.
Good luck to us.
Thanks, Pali.
Yeah.
Well, there's one of these survivors from the shooting in Minnesota.
And now don't we need to analyze what was bothering that kid, you know, what the...
Too many guns, baby.
America, crazy people would gun.
Everybody in their brother lasts still two, three weeks now.
In their shootings everywhere.
Crazy punks.
Not John.
They'd gun.
The thing would just read that the purposeful life, right?
You could stop listening to Merlin Manthan and read the Bible.
That's it.
Stop it and video games in Merlin Manthan and read the Bible and cut the crap out of that and read that purposeful life.
What's not to like?
Couldn't hurt.
There's a guy that's peddling that.
You know, he needs some more cash.
82 to 74 Ben and Jerry Spat food is cleaning to a slim lead over vanilla.
This is one of the tight elections we've ever, ever had, you know?
Very, very close.
If vanilla wins, it's going to be...
I think I'll take tomorrow off.
You know what?
Tomorrow is good Friday, by the way.
Happy Easter to you.
I hope you roll all your eggs in the right place.
Happy Easter.
How can you say happy Easter?
I mean, you do say that, but it's...
Yeah.
Happy crucifixion, do you say that?
Very Easter.
Not good.
1113 at 560 WQAM.
I'm sure by now you ought to be familiar with our main man, Anthony Kelly,
and do it acceptance, Catholic mortgage.
Don't forget, before you call any other mortgage company,
let the main man tell you what you don't know.
Most banks only work with three different mortgage products,
and if your credit is less than absolutely perfect,
Absolutely.
Get ready to hear this.
The most famous two letter word in English language is what you're going to hear.
No.
No.
If you're not working with the right lend of the chances for getting approved,
our Fiddy Fiddy at best.
So do yourself a favor, call now,
1-884-883-Lone, and get to the end of your looking for it.
That's 1-884-883-Lone,
and let the main man in this team put you into mortgage and meet your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, or maybe being turned down
because you call the wrong number.
Call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage today,
1-888-884-883-Lone.
What the...
Josh and Miguel did yesterday,
8884-883-Lone.
And every time they closed the loan,
a portion of donated to the kids in distress,
why would you want to call anybody else?
So, avoid the bait and switch kids and need you,
what call the main man,
Anthony Calleander today at 1-888-483-Lone.
Yours needs a meal, Rogers.
Result, 560-2-8-M.
He shot his wine in the head,
now he's dead.
He did it!
But he got away,
not the rest of the wealth of pain.
He did it!
And I,
with one life,
can see he did it.
He did it!
Robin Clay!
Just that man!
Now where the road,
you can't hide him,
Clay Key on the ride.
You did it!
Did it!
It's November, right?
That's Jake is out.
That's what you think.
11-18-560-Surprise.
Thank goodness the good news in his fish food
is hanging on to the nation'sly man.
It will not relent.
87, what does it got?
Paper and ice cream flavor.
87 proficiency food vanilla 75.
Pulled into a 12-0 lead.
All right!
Chocolate 45.
How sad.
Ben and Jerry's Tery Garcia 32.
I see Tery Garcia is like,
I mean, granted it's got Tery's in it.
So you see vanilla, chocolate,
and almost strawberry are like 2-3 and 4.
I see, like the appalten.
It's basically the public saying,
well, you know, we got 80 million great flavors out there
that are really fabulous, you know?
But we're just a funny dutty.
We're stuck in the past.
I'd like to keep it simple.
Yeah.
Butter pecan is God.
BOT 3rd, man!
That's one of the very favorite among the
dark, complex folks.
Ben and Jerry's New York Superfudge Stunks 29.
Cookie-027.
Horrible.
Rocky Road 25, pistachio 19.
Hogan does dual-stitial H-A-17.
It's like water.
It's ice cream.
And you know what's like?
Now, those of us fat people,
all of us have done it.
You know, you go out and you buy a half gallon
of big tub of ice cream.
And you sit down with the intention
of just having a little, you know,
putting a rest back into fridge.
And you're just eating.
And you realize that if you don't do something rash
immediately, you're about to eat the whole
half gallon.
And so you run into the kitchen and you run it under the water.
And then you throw it out.
Huh?
Because it renders it in edible.
See?
No.
No, but you, and by the way, I'm doing all
the wrong spots here because the pressure with this thing coming
up at noon, I'm just crumbling out of the pressure.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
You see what I'm saying?
What are you doing?
Anyone in the wife?
Because I was not that I'm going to hurry to get out of here,
but I was in the noon hour.
So it certainly was the right spot for the first break in the noon hour.
So I guess I'll have to make good the other dial amatrus
in the first break in the noon hour.
See what I'm saying?
You got 12 o'clock in the head.
Yeah, that's right.
The 12 o'clock is not my mic because it's a big deadline,
which is stick back to the...
You!
Or not, that's the question.
Even Shakespeare would be impressed by that.
So anyway, I'll make that good.
Of course you don't care anyway,
because you're not paying any attention because you're, you know,
you still got a buzz on from all that food yesterday
and the day before those six steaks.
It was good.
Fish food 87, vanilla 76,
chocolate 45, Ben and Jerry's cherry garcia 33,
butter pecan 31,
super-punched chocolate 29, cookie.
I just got to reading all these.
Strawberry 15, coffee, coffee,
crushed 11.
Oh, man, you've got to go with it.
Coffee 9, 80s chocolate peanut butter 8,
he far crushed 8,
Briar's Oreo 7, rum raisin 6,
Nestle's Turtle has got 6,
and please do something you found it.
Nice going.
Cookies and cream 5,
Neopolitan 4,
Caramel Sutra,
Ben and Jerry's 3,
Briar's score 3.
That's the answer.
That is the correct answer to the question.
Ben and Jerry's everything but the two,
Ben and Jerry's have baked one,
public turtle one,
Starbucks a mud pie one,
Ben and Jerry's concession obsession
none and 80s connoisseur none.
Do you think it's concession or is it confession obsession,
I would think?
And that's somewhat likely to you?
We could look it up.
What does it mean concession obsession?
We'll find out.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, hey Neil.
Yes sir.
One for the pole,
strawberry cheesecake.
Oh yeah, that's pretty interesting.
And one question?
I thought I'd like to.
Yes.
Do a pole that how many people are not going to call Jenny?
Okay, here's one right here.
Yeah.
Alright.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Call Jenny.
Talk about cake.
She's squealing that Pat Calcirstie always squealing
through that spot with a giant purple tent that she's wearing.
In this case, you know, that they accused the court order.
The court order is as an abuse against Terry.
And this is Michael Chavo's attorney by the way we don't care about him.
We want to hear from Judge, what's his name, Greer?
Nice concession obsession by the way.
Is it really?
It is.
Well, I don't like that name.
You better call up Ben and Jerry and somebody change their name.
Confession obsession, I guess they don't want to piss off the Catholics.
But wouldn't that be good, wouldn't it?
Sure.
In other words, it's so obviously good that it's like that.
It would be a sin.
Of course, then they don't know where you're going to smear it.
W-D-Q-I-N, hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes sir.
Good evening.
Whatever it is.
Whatever it is, I'm confused.
Old stone cake batter ice cream.
Cold stone cake batter ice cream.
Absolutely.
Ooh, that sounds really intriguing to me.
I hope I didn't find it.
Thanks a lot, man.
Wait a second.
Did I say that Nestle's Turtle is available somewhere around South?
Well, I haven't had it because it's got six most on it.
Somebody once called months ago and said that they found it somewhere.
But you have to search for it.
It's really good.
Somebody knows they need to let it know where.
Okay, thanks, pal.
We got only 20 to 37 minutes until noon when they were found out about the final resolution of that.
You!
Because I can't imagine if the judge says no way Jose that they would have exhausted all of their appeals, all of their avenues.
I must they just storm the place and go in there and start like smear and water all over her, you know?
God.
Well, exact.
Why can't she just like the husband says, let her die with dignity and peace, leave her alone already.
Stop with this three-ringed circus.
That's all the media knows, that's all Americanos.
Even Barnum and Bailey and Ringling brothers are embarrassed.
Everything's got to be a friggin' three-ringed circus in the USA.
God, enough already.
Let's stick to important things like ice cream.
That's right.
WDQIM.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
One of your lady listeners listens every day, but I never get to call.
Okay.
Confession obsession is like, concession stand in the movie theater.
Like there's a concession stand.
There's all the jumps in the theater.
Oh, I said concession side.
I got a bit of a good mix.
Okay, so forget about all that.
It doesn't even matter.
Fish food.
Doesn't even matter anymore.
Really?
Because of the new flavor.
What's that?
And once you find it, you'll hate me forever.
On chocolate therapy from Ben and Jerry.
Okay.
It's the deepest chocolate.
Oh, it's chocolate.
Chocolate.
It's great.
You'll love it.
Is it even darker than Sydney Puccine?
Why?
He's more like the coffee.
He's barcrumbs time.
Really?
No.
No, it's dark.
And it's got cookie pieces and it's, oh, forget it.
I don't know how long you have to put it in the microwave for, but they have all new flavors.
49 seconds.
49 seconds.
49 seconds.
49 seconds.
Yeah, trust me, Ben and Jerry.
Now, what is it again, Cog?
Chocolate one therapy.
Chocolate chocolate therapy.
Hmm, I'll need it.
Thank you.
You don't need it.
Well, thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks, five.
Take care, Baba.
Chocolate therapy.
How do you like that?
35 minutes in counting.
Can you handle the pressure?
Can I read a real quickie here?
Please not.
It's not real long.
It's not real quick.
President Bush's intervention for Terry Shabo was open to old wounds in Texas where
death penalty opponents say his words of support for a culture of life ring hollow after
so many executions during his time as governor of that state.
Bush said he stepped into the Shabo case because the US should have a presumption in
favor of life, but there were 152 executions in Texas during his administration, including
seven which the convex goat was in doubt, critics said.
It's hypocrisy at thousand levels at University of Houston law professor and death penalty defense
attorney David Dow.
I saw many, many cases where there was substantial doubt about whether someone was guilty or whether
the death penalty was the appropriate sentence, but he never said a word.
Said David Atwood, headed to Texas coalition against the death penalty, I really can't say
that he cares about life.
While we know about that, he already sacrificed over 1500 young Americans in Iraq and thousands
and thousands of Iraqis.
Not to mention the ones who are going to come back in a vegetative state or at least close
to it, missing body parts, all of these things.
But hey, America just, you know, they were all over and played dead.
Just stick that tube wherever makes you happy and we'll have a smile on our push.
26th after 11 at 560 WNQM, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet
is rated by Zagat restaurant reviews, speaking of great food.
Now every night you can enjoy crab fest featuring a last in the snow crab legs, golden crab,
jolastone crabs and crab cakes.
The menu of course still includes hot bunge in his crab fresh oysters on a half shell
and a great sushi bar with over 30 different items.
In addition, the Emerald Coast has hand card prime ribbon from their flaming grill.
Baaaaming!
New York sticks cook just the way you want them.
Top off your dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40-inch chocolate fountain where you can
hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows and other decadent treats as well.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast for once healthy living, no crab, no MSG, no cornstarch,
they cook everything only with cholesterol-free canola oil.
So book your reservations for this Easter Sunday when Emerald Coast free locations, sunrise,
sunny house beach and prempers pines.
Call 9-5-4-57238-22.
9-5-4-5-7238-22.
Lots of amateurs are there but there's nothing even close to the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
You're listening to new, new, new, new Rogers exclusive lay on 5-seconds.
You am.
Ford even loves new Rogers.
Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crab.
In Pearl Harbor when the jams dropped their bones, we bombed them down.
Now the Saudis, they hit us hard and on our cards our little flags wait.
Has that sunny, loving, retired voice of others the wrong way?
You ferries.
And of embarrassed to be in America's where they follow books like cheese.
The United States of America's the digushes and the free they got this country.
Have a late choice of our case and I disagree.
I don't want to be a tax America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past?
If you want that as you need to drive you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to move and anyone who says that obviously.
And the four to the east.
And of embarrassed to be in America's where we take triadily.
Wave a flag and what asked with our hand in the sand.
And slightly follow the powers that he have that they.
Washington State for News on a 65 inch screen.
Scratcher.
Five.
Everything's okay.
In the USA.
It's on a 33 27 on a new 27 minutes.
Are you counting down a second?
So you got the ticker going?
Great.
And no one will find out the latest and maybe the last thank goodness about the.
You're right.
Cheese.
Yeah.
Well, they got nothing else they can do.
A short ago when they were in like dragging her out.
I mean, you know they'll be talking about this for the next.
I was going to say dragging around kicking and screaming.
But I don't think I'll get that response.
Speaking of all of this, Republicans gone wild.
This is a good article.
It's not real on from Buzz Flash by PM Carpenter PM in the AM.
There's nothing like a good PM PM in the AM.
There is now no better or more accurate way to say it.
The Republican Party has gone absolutely certifiably,
sickofanically nuts.
It went officially bananas upon declaring in the small hours of Monday morning
a national emergency in the Saturday exhaustively adjudicated case of Terry Shirebo.
Then much was obvious when the party chucked its last vestiges of states rights
principles and respect for separation of powers in the anything for the religious right
pot of electoral gold.
Republicans blatant hooring at the order of slaughtered ideals and political opportunism
was so conspicuous as to make its examination your only tireless, tireless,
and decently redundant, so let's not bother.
Well, we should bother ourselves with however the truly bothersome and it seems
growing the emotional instability of these congressional Republicans which any
rational monler look at my characterizes this.
Folks on the verge, thus we are on the verge given that they were in charge of a
political nervous breakdown.
The result of too much heavy success from too much groveling to too many narrow
interests.
The stress of so much power coupled with insatiable ambition is showing.
One of their own representative Donald Manzulov Illinois,
close to party self-diagnosis when he opined, I've been here 13 years and I've
never seen anything like this before.
And that's coming from man who's lived through the manufactured government
shutdown hysteria, the manufactured impeachment hysteria, the manufactured
Iraq hysteria, and all the other manufactured hysteria which we as an
haste have been subjected since the grand old party began its studied
re-assendancy.
And looking back, one can see that this ascendancy was a no small part due to its
study of orchestrated hysteria.
The skies have regularly fallen and democratic democracy put a grave
risk because Hillary misplaced a file or Bill Gaudt is Jolly's or John
Toste-Metal or the Uno who elite man Christmas or you take your pick.
You can sit your watch by the GOP for raging us with some newly revealed outrageous
liberal escapade.
Each and every one manufactured a distract from the less than publishable
goal of unfettered political power.
We're not to notice as the ruling party deepens a grotesquely mounting
national debt in its pursuit of assassinating social programs or as it finances
a class war for infotocracy to sustain a graph driven political machine or
from what's the fantasy of a democratically reforming the police to justify
a fraudulent invasion.
To notice as only to buy into the vast liberal media's propaganda's ways.
We are however expected to salute when the ruling party positively
gripping with selflessness snatched into waxed over an exceedingly personal
private and local legal matter.
We're expected to salute because this game has worked for the Charlottes
in so many times before, but this found the great majority of Americans
70% according to an ABC news pool noticed what was not intended to be
noticed, the naked hypocrisy, the sheer opportunism, the downright shabby
spectacle of it all.
The scene from Sunday night, Monday morning's Houseful Reveit was reminiscent of
Frederick March's Matthew Harrison Brady, William Jennings Bryan on the
witness stand in and her at the wind.
A bunch of imbicelic blowhards puffing with fain more listic fruver, all of it
devoted to buying favoritism on the cheap with torch burning zealots.
The only difference was Matthew Harrison Brady actually believed in what he was selling.
First to balance out the forest with drama is Vartee Frank as Henry Drum and Clarence
Daryl asking in effect as Henry Drummond did, what are you guys nuts?
Yep.
Now with standing the satisfaction that comes from seeing reprobates give
with a deserve in the former by disapproving public, it's not something almost
sad about watching today's GOP, a party with a long and noble tradition makes such a
fool of itself.
No, not after what it's put us through, he writes.
We're waiting, man.
Supreme Court said no to these.
And now we're waiting another 20 to 1 1 1 2 minutes.
Not that we're counting seconds or anything like that for George Greer over there
and another West Coast to decide to insert or not to insert.
To let DCF just spirit her out of there.
I think the governor would like to take her home.
We could probably have a pretty good conversation with her.
I think she's on his level at this stage.
Do you think?
Yeah.
Man.
But it's really, it's very comforting to see that he and his friends at the
House, though, in the state house, have had time from all of this tube watching,
this cute watching to take care of business and try to like get the class two slots in
there, which is not what you people voted on.
But hey, he never wants you to get what you voted on.
Student class size, he's got his nevious plans and the same with this.
You don't have a governor in Florida.
You've got a dictators what you've got a lunatic just like this Eric like this red.
You've got a bloom with they've got start waving nuts.
Crazy.
And the media reports it very dutifully and like like this is the way it's supposed to be.
And like they're all these very serious issues.
Yeah, right.
Let's get back to important things like ice cream.
Let's do it.
Facial is hanging on by 13, baby.
I'm just afraid that it wants to show ends and wants these other interlopers get on
area like later in the day and overnight that vanilla is going to go just like cream rising
to the top.
Like the caller said before, it's like frozen milk.
That's an ice cream.
It has virtually no taste.
None.
It's vanilla.
And like I said, it has no taste.
And the definitive proof of that is like like the so-called soft serve that you get like
it's a very queen.
Or like a carvel.
I mean, carvels got something.
They got chocolate and they got strawberry and they got some interesting, not good, but interesting
flavors down it.
But like vanilla, does it have any taste whatsoever?
No.
And like I've told you for years, that's why McDonald's is number one.
And vanilla, trust me when I tell you, will be number one too.
You want to see that?
No, no, no.
Roger.
Yeah.
I'm losing.
On 560.
What's wrong with my salvation?
No hell, Bush.
With a moral message about the sin of gambling.
Ah, I sure know.
No one knows more about moral Christian values.
I'll turn my father.
And your governor for life, who knows what's best how he wants to tell him when all
life's.
I have got smoking up his pipe with super cheap tighter and a tank.
Ah, he asked me to extoll his wisdom upon you.
Ah, gambling.
God is a sin.
Ah, according to his version of the Bible.
Unless of course it's in a sprawling casino that takes a path of Hollywood.
Ah, then it's okay.
Ah, so on behalf of my holy father.
This is no hell for saying ah, thank you.
Old cumin.
Ah, you're a man.
You're fairy.
Sixteen to little new.
Maybe that's why I jet the really so much to Terry.
I think maybe it no well got something to do with it.
Could be.
Yeah.
Sasha's chow, Shaftkin writes, common dreams that are going to be asking the the
the cons but he was going to have a nervous breakdown because there's no ice cream that came in so we can't eat.
Did you get how he's today at least?
No, I'm going to get something though.
Yeah, I'm sure you're going to get something all right.
Well, what does that mean?
I just have like the gun.
You're going to impose on Brad again to bring in Tonys.
I mean, I'm sure he would.
He would.
Since you said that was as good as it gets.
I agree with that.
His stuff is really outstanding.
Yes it is.
On masking the Theocons, Sasha writes the intrusion of America's leading Republican politicians into the tragic dilemma facing Terry Shavel and her family speaks volumes about how deeply they become beholden the religious right.
Gershina's side, time honored advocacy for limited government and state sovereignty at the behest of a crass internal memo advertising a great political issue that the pro-life face will be excited about.
Congressional Republicans and President Bush instead used the moment to play Christian conservatives their most dramatic homage to date.
The foremost political players in this drama President Bush, Tonderlay and Bill Frist bring a pungent mix of raw ambition, blatant agendas and inconsistencies on the issues and a question that paint their flowery pieties
that they distinctly fishy odor.
Down in the trenches, besides lawyers from the Family Research Council and American Center for Law and Justice, founded by James Dopson and Pat Robertson respectively, when moral support from Dopson, Jerry Falwell and Burke Bout of the National Rights Life Foundation, Republican leaders are bringing a new face to their party that progressive should be itching to one mask.
Indeed, the grubby spectacle of House Majority Leader, Tom Delay, tried to resurrect his reputation by force feeding a woman who has been imbeditated for 15 years, has had the opposite effect of the intended effect on most Americans.
In ABC poll on Monday, found not only that 70% of those survey nationwide found Congress's involvement inappropriate, but that by margin of 67 to 19%, they believed that the politicians trying to keep her alive were motivated by more by political advantages and concerns for her.
Among Catholics, support for removing Shiavo's feeding tube stood at 63 to 26%, that's for removing among conservatives 54 to 40, and even among evangelicals 46 to 44.
In granting standing in federal court to any parent of Theresa Marie Shiavo was provided in the remarkable new law passed last weekend, Delay, first in the present wracking of behalf of a minority within a minority of even their supporters.
The face of the Theocon Power, brokers in Ocean that hold the Republican Party in such sprawl has up to the present been carefully shielded from the spotlight.
At their New York City Convention last fall, Republicans offered their primetime podium to a series of social moderates such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rudy Giuliani and John McCain, who once referred to the religious writers' forces of evil, while persuading the Theocons to take a temporary vaccine.
Since Bush's reelection, they've openly been claiming their dues. When Arlan's spectre questioned the prospects of an anti-Rose Supreme Court nominee, a furious campaign led by James Dobson nearly cost him the chair of the Senate Unissiary Committee.
Dobson settled for spectres humiliating public pledge to support Bush's judges, loosing that the Senator would be taking his new position on a very short leash.
In a letter to supporters several weeks later, Dobson threatened to put systematic senators in the bullseye in a battle of enormous proportions from sea to shining sea if they block conservative appointments to the Supreme Court.
For all their moral clarity, the hardball players that the Republican Theocon win have often been in world in ethical controversy.
While Tom Delay's fundraising scams and abuses of power are widely known, ties between Bill Fritz, Financial and Family interest in the H.C. A hospital chain and medical of malpractice,
tour and tour reform legislation these champions have mostly slept under the radar.
Ralph Reed, the former director of the Christian Coalition and in control of Bush's 2004 campaign in the Southeast, was denounced due to the conservative commoners David Brooks for accepting $4 million from casino-rich Indian tribes to finance a campaign against gambling.
The ascendancy of the Theocons is already causing fault lines to merge within the Republican Party. The Republican Party of Lincoln has become a party of theocracy, lamented kinetic and moderate cliches.
Progressive should not allow the Republican leadership to hide behind fuzzy, pull-tested phrases about a culture of life or the wonder-working power of prayer.
They should be forced to again and again choose between the Theocon power brokers and the rest of the American public.
Senator Fritz should be forced to explain just how AIDS can be transmitted through saliva or tears, which he refuses to admit is not possible.
President Bush should be asked over and over just when he converted between signing a 1999 Bill allowing Pestus hospitals to pull the plug and the present.
As the Shivo case drags on, progressive should even have enough faith in the good-sense of the American people to take a principal stand.
Even with minorities in both houses of Congress, Democrats can force Republicans to cow-tow a few more times to the people who stay up at night, particularly our children from SpongeBob Squarepants and Tinky Wil-Lay-Winky the Teletubby.
Americans do not appreciate the sort of spectacle being played in our Congress and our courts and they'll appreciate even less the unmasked faces of those behind it.
Nice going Sasha. We got 10 minutes to go until Q time. That's right. You've heard of T time. This is the T stands for.
Q that's what it stands for. What is it? Tugton. That's right.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 6 and we get it over with already and stop this dog and pony show it's disgusting. It's obnoxious and the media is always are there. It's a feeding frenzy.
They're going just as crazy as the right wingers man. They're foaming it them out. Here's Pat Mahoney. Here's this one. Here's that one. Here's Bill Frist again.
Kind of an image that anyway Bill Fist. Frank the Lord. There's some good news tonight.
Fish food is pulled 14 v. ahead of vanilla. See at least this audience. At least we got some people out there with a little bit of taste whose taste buds are still functioning.
I understand that we use it live in Florida for a period of time. It's very difficult to taste anything to feel anything.
Kind of like Terry. She should be like the she should be the poster child for the whole state. We're numb.
How about you Q. A. Hello. New. How are you doing sir? Pretty good. It was God's will in the first place for her to slip into the coma.
Was it? I say that. Yes. Second of all take the two put it on eBay in nine minutes of the go on eBay.
Right after. Not a bad idea baby. Anybody want that you. I mean if the dread says no way Jose I mean we had to sum with it eight minutes and a half and counting.
Oh this is exciting. There's Mrs. Rush Limbaugh. And then once again go ahead and reorder the reinsertion of that.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I
I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I
Why? Why? Why? Guysrea I'm not sure. Why? Why? Why? Why? What do I do? Help yourself. Let me guide you. Help yourself. Right. Someone's walking along just then. I can pull them. Help themselves. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Someone's right. They themselves are not safe. Thecience of reality. and reality. The vyall building that remains forever. We're the same type of passa to protect the world. Who shall be the one who finds the existence in this universe? The
Jesus of reality. We're the same type of
God. He is one of the única ones who greatly rebuild all ib destroyed through nature. It is also the eternal existence of reality. I'm not sure. He is
J Yah. He is still and the world is the only one who rhythms you forever. Sairay. Grant me to bed before it you
follows all the world and love it live. The only 잠깐만 you day.
to the system, and enemy of the state.
Don't even have a sequence, just follow under me.
Everybody's turning back, that's the USA.
In the act of victory in love, it was the God of you.
Everyone got the suspicion, so much what you knew.
This has been for nation, under your mightless force.
In which other landation has a USA.
You gotta hate those two, that's what the divide rose to.
Believe everything we've heard you, under state run you.
Bloodwall, warbed, warmed build up your opinion.
Are Ravencini who sprays you.
That has USA.
We don't fight to see our God both.
sub醉 and enemies go out, we're fast and blended by jail.
No!
We know stupid rules, all the hours will be the best of our skinways.
Everybody's earning taxes, taxes you will save.
It's 11.58 happy Thursday to you.
Welcome to it.
We got the Curtis for Mad Dog at 4.
6.50 Marlins on deck, Marlins ex-submissionist with the Houston and Kassimi 705.
Any K, Pongin has gots out 10 o'clock tonight, right after the ball game.
Yeah, that's it.
Get that thing going, maybe.
Although CNN went into a commercial break, so obviously, well, it's not nooniant.
That's why I took the break early because I know that everybody out there is real whipped up about that.
Yeah.
I mean, this thing's been going on for 15 years and all of a sudden with all the other real issues going on in the world.
Would people pay an $80 gallon for gas?
Would people that can't afford their medicines?
We're trying to decide whether to have lunch today or take their pills.
Whatever.
In the meantime, we're worried about Terry because Governor Fadass tells us,
and because he'll president they tell us, and because Bill Frist tells us,
and Tom Delay says, well, this is sure a lot better than any more hearings about my illegal activities, et cetera, and so on.
And even, let me say it again, even the fundamentalists don't agree.
A majority, a strong majority disagree with his crap.
The government's sticking their nose, but I have a feeling that Chris Perrolin,
who is going to declare the president, and thank you so much for joining us.
Well, if you've got a client, we don't care about wolf school wolf and Matthew Badger.
Right now, I'm quoting the power news of DNF.
It's a free court refuses to get involved in the very shy vocage.
And we know that.
Any minute now, though, any minute now.
And the judge also plans to weigh in.
So we are calling for the law of the act, and we're looking at happening.
Younger two buyers are definitely not going to come.
We don't care about them.
That's what's not to tell you.
Okay, we're definitely two.
We don't care about that.
There's only 14 deaf people over there.
What's that kind of a witter in her shoe, right?
It's definitely important for a kind of public career.
First, I've got some headlines to share with you.
I mean, two people are both within another block right now.
You have Curtis Dan.
Anybody know where Curtis Dan is?
No, I don't care.
I have a whole family.
I have to read those curbs are out of the holding.
I have to read it.
I'm looking for the government's law of public health.
So let's go back to the law.
See, this is what Frost might ask.
You know, if the judge says he's going to, no, seriously.
I understand that those press conferences make sure the microphones and the reporters
get in the impression every press is there a press conference that has ever been held
on time in a history of mankind?
No.
Every press conference is saying, well, there's 8,000 microphones and there's the podium.
And we're waiting.
It's like some kind of a game they play, you know, as if they're watch don't work.
But it would seem to me that a judge, all right, look at that.
Look who's back.
So it's Steve Boyce Smith.
It's Steve Thousand Dollar from the state of Georgia and law enforcement agencies.
No, I'll wait for you.
I'll book in a mini series and a movie comes out of the screenplay.
I just wait.
You go, girl.
And then she's probably going to like co-author a book with it at the Fakerwood at the power of positive negative, whatever.
Oh, God, when you get with it, the audience is there on the edge of their seats.
This is from the staff of the charity shop.
We know where we stand.
We don't have enough data there.
We're just putting down on the floor.
Cut the crap.
State's judge in Florida on the last legal of the House of Terry Shivoh's parents and their supporters.
And he's the only one who's been standing by in Washington outside the US Supreme Court.
Now, why do we care about the US Supreme Court?
Everybody turned it down.
Why didn't you talk about rehashing, huh?
Well, they're just going to keep her.
You're going to be okay.
They're milking it.
Dual state LHA, baby.
The last minute developments.
The judge here, Judge George Greer, has just made several decisions.
The most important one is he has continued his denial of the state's efforts to try and take custody of Perry Shivoh.
In other words, he continues to deny the ability to take custody.
This one where the agents of the state agencies were close by, but never made their move because of court action.
That action remains in place.
Secondly, he denied a petition that would allow access to probate records in which there were charges,
where he flimsy charges according to many critics of abuse on the part of Michael Shivoh and Terry Shivoh before she died.
And lastly, he left one evidence here you're hearing to go.
And that is the one who was an neurologist, Dr. Cheshire, who was cited by Governor Bush yesterday.
His analysis of Perry Shivoh's condition will be considered by the judge.
Now, Cheshire is one who says that she is not in a persistent, vegetative state,
but she is in something less that is evidence that would be provided that might be used if it was successful.
In this by ways, the doctor never examined her.
Reinserting the feeding tooth.
But she has come under quite a bit of criticism, Dr. Cheshire, one,
because he only had a cursory examination of Terry Shivoh and he was pointing out that he had a long association
with a so-called right to life movement.
Most legal options seem to be beginning to run out as far as the family is concerned,
and will devastating to them the Supreme Court denial of...
So, on the other hand, this still ain't over.
They'll never be over.
Even if they're giving up on her.
It's the never ending story.
Oh, God, I'm just worn out. I feel like I'm just laying down on the floor and you're just screaming over and over again.
Okay, let's get some more ice cream on here. Let's get some more of these fantastic calls.
And let's stop dilly-dilly. Let's not get sidetracked by this madness.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on either rise in singular right or slime.
We've been food intensive this week.
Monday, we did, what, steaks?
No, what do we do on Monday?
Italian. Italian. Italian.
Saliano. Italian steaks, pizza.
Two of them were in states. Yesterday, we did the best pizza in the state,
and then they were doing the best ice cream period, not just in the state, but anywhere.
It's best ice cream, you're favorite.
What else? Pat Mahoney again.
Ah, I'm in the house.
Oh, that's the two of them.
Oh, boy. Maybe he can look with Mr. Ego.
Okay, and they can just have a great life together.
How many QYM? Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
Good. At the APS Democrat, I've done my part as you always have to try to promote.
The wisdom to the youth of America.
I have little experiment.
And I said 60 pictures out of the 60th year of an high school,
principal to the state of Florida.
Yeah.
And in this picture, right? I got pictures.
You're 15 year right.
And it says prevent teen pregnancy, right?
Be responsible. This could have to you.
And I got pictures yet and pushed you here.
You know, on the bottom of it.
You know, not one of those friends will ever wrote me a letter back yet.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I'm trying to teach them, you know, to help prevent teenage pregnancy.
Well, you can try, man. You keep working at it.
Okay. And don't call me again.
That would be QYM. Hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I get away. You can, um,
befuddled these and all ice cream voters.
Yes.
But, uh, I hate all ice cream on the bowl.
And then those, they won't know what to do.
Yeah. There's probably, there probably is a small percentage of people that aren't ice cream people.
That's, that's a good idea.
And, uh, you know, the, not only at war, I mean, we're doing a jock and, uh, vegetables and...
Hey, you better get your priorities straight down, Mr.
You better keep your eye on the...
QYM. They used to say, keep your eye on the ball. Now, it's keep your eye on the...
QYM. Right.
And in closing, uh, hammer, you're wrong. Deal with it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh. No. That thing is wrong.
50% of the time. He was, if he must yesterday morning, that was a great performance.
The Humper just was emoting lots.
The good thing he got that little, uh, side trip to the Bahamas for a couple days.
Get him to calm down.
Yeah, that definitely calmed it down.
They sounded very mellow over there. He's plunging his guts on everything that moves.
Uh, you know, he's an oak tree. Is it... Well, which leaf is gonna hit the ground first?
Uh, that's it. They're having a wonderful time.
And the beast was playing quarters whale of fortune. What a pansy, man.
Hey, beast. You're fairy.
Silly person.
Maybe hook a lucky tool over there.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
So, yeah, Josh wants to tell us about how lucky you got into Bahamas several times.
And the same day, as a matter of fact.
I don't know what to do.
But, frankly, I'm not... I'm really not interested. I mean, you know, maybe that comes as a great shock to you.
I'm not really all that interested in other people's, uh, peck of delos.
I just... No interest in me.
Okay. Are you disappointed?
Not really.
I mean, Hank is very concerned about it, which I would be concerned about that.
But I'm not concerned about it at all.
Uh, favoritized screen.
Ben and Jerry's fish food, 107.
Tadaluya. There is a god. And he is...
Damn god!
Can you imagine how many more folks who would have had if those people that I turned out to have fish food wouldn't have croaked already?
Sorry. I apologize.
Vanilla 91.
Way down to chocolate 50.
Oh, so boring.
Ben and Jerry's cherry RC of 42.
And you know something? I hate to tell you this.
But of all the Ben and Jerry's flavors, that one...
Oh, you know what it is? Because they also make a frozen yogurt.
Do you ever get the frozen yogurt instead of the ice cream?
Yeah.
The frozen yogurt when you put pop it in a microwave and you nuke it a little bit.
It tends to be a little on the watery side.
Ooh. Not good.
Well, that had to be...
Anyway, I think that happens when you nuke it.
Have you ever nuke fish food?
No.
You never nuke that.
For 48 seconds.
No ice cream.
Well, you're an idiot. That's the way to enjoy it.
Okay, that's why you can't eat gallons of it at a time like I came.
You nuke it, man.
It gets suggested at right creamy consistency and it just goes down so great.
And I guarantee you right now, fish food never gets watery.
Okay?
Real great ice cream does not get watery.
And you want to know why?
Because it doesn't have a high water content.
Anyway, unlike cogniz, which is swill.
Butter pecan 37.
Ben and Jerry's New York Super Fudge Chug.
Chug, Chug 33.
Cookie No 33.
Oh, this is Rocky Road 31 for Stasio 23.
Strawberry 17.
Pull it on there.
I hate ice cream, please.
Okay.
Togging that is dual city late chase 17.
Watery.
Your eyes will keep barcronch 13.
Rum raisin 13.
Coffee 12.
Yeah.
Well, Ben and Jerry and Hogan also makes just a plain coffee ice cream.
As opposed to Starbucks that makes 87 different flavors of coffee and nobody so far than one even cares about them.
Ben and Jerry's coffee coffee crunch.
Now there is an ice cream.
That's got 12.
And you know something?
That one won't get watery unless you nuke it too long, which you ought to be shot if you do that.
No, that one won't get watery.
Have you ever had Ben and Jerry's coffee coffee crunch?
Nope.
Nope.
And what about you?
No.
I have such an utter feeling of helplessness and dismay and despair, yeah.
I'm going to talk about ice cream with a couple of novices.
A couple of beginners.
Ice cream.
Oh, we don't have enough time in our day to be trying all these different kinds of ice cream.
You're full of crap.
Cookies and cream 11.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You guys really have no time in your day.
Give me a break.
Why do busy chasing Josh's mother run the hallway there?
I heard about it.
Shame on you.
E.D. chocolate peanut butter 9.
Rires Oreo 9.
By the way, it's an ice cream she's got there.
She's on the payroll.
She don't do nothing.
Cold stone cake batter ice cream 7.
You know something?
That sounds so disgustingly good.
I just, I don't know.
My blood sugar probably just went up 50 points.
So that sounds really good?
I don't know if it is, but boy, that sounds as opposed to cookie dough.
You know cookie dough doesn't even sound good.
Doesn't it?
Oh man, it sounds nasty.
You know what it's like?
It's like, now you know the cookies that you buy frozen the frozen thing,
you slice them and you put them on the pan, you put them in the oven?
Yeah, cookie dough.
Right.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
It's like eating that raw before you put it in the oven.
Right.
It's like a kid's ice cream because I see cookie dough as a kid, you know.
Wow.
Whatever.
Fae.
Nessily's Termal 7.
Nice go on, eh?
Ben and Jerry's half baked five.
Ben and Jerry's car, car, what is it?
Carmel Sutra 5.
I just don't like the way it's spelled there.
Neopolitan 5.
Starbucks Mud Pie 4.
Breyer's score.
4.
4 score.
Oh, you get that, and I'm telling you the best is the Eskimo pies with the score ice cream.
Ben and Jerry's everything but the three.
See, I guess it's supposed to be like everything but the kitchen sink, you find that?
Whatever.
But they have room on the label.
Three.
Ben and Jerry's chocolate therapy one.
Strawberry cheesecake one.
Public turtle one.
I hate ice cream.
This one on there.
Ben and Jerry's concession obsession don't have any.
And Edie's co-nalena.
I'm a lot of votes for Edie's ice cream today, you know.
They used to bring his Edie's all the time but quite frankly, yeah.
Dominic Q.I.M.
Hello.
New guy.
Yes, sir.
I know it's catacomal or the blood of the pecan but a praline's in cream from...
Oh, man.
Don't knock that short.
I love praline's in cream.
Oh, man.
I also love George's gone.
I'm really enjoying you taking these boys to school and stuff.
Pretty great.
Talk about a couple of green horns, man.
It's really something.
We at Vegas or at Newkin ice cream.
By the way, I was sitting in the car waiting to go into the gym listening to you.
Talk about putting ice cream under the hot water.
And it just makes you feel like a little bit good after being such a pig.
You've done it right.
Absolutely.
There you go.
Congratulations, Palli.
I'll see you down under.
Six cream under.
You're great.
Yeah, we're pigs.
We're going to die from it.
But in the meantime, at least we can relate.
See, I tell these stories and you guys think, oh, man, what a cow.
Yeah, that's right.
But hey, look, I mean, that's me.
I can't help it.
I'm addicted to sugar.
I'm addicted to candy and ice cream.
That's it.
Ice cream and candy.
I used to be addicted to pasta and ice cream but I can't eat the pasta because it sends my ice cream.
My blood sugar is soaring.
And as much as I love pasta and I really do.
I pretty much saved my trip to Italy for the pasta binges.
But ice cream, now that's a whole different story.
Now, could you eat pasta if you cut down on ice cream?
Of course not.
Why don't I just get to your sandy of pasta?
It gets me, my blood sugar just soaring.
Let me say it again like I tried to tell you yesterday when you're going to be fat and diabetic,
which you will be if you don't cut the crap.
You cannot eat pasta.
Can you imagine not being able to enjoy pasta?
No.
Pizza, ice cream, candy, cookies, cake, all of these things, huh?
And then after you do enough of this bad stuff to yourself, they start feeding it through a...
You're right.
That's right.
And I got news for you.
None of us are going to get the governor intervening in our behalf.
I hear you even bet your life on that.
Not that fat ass, hard ass.
Well, he will.
You know something?
I just like him.
See, the brother is dangerous as he is because he's got his finger on a button and because he's what he is.
But the brother can't help it.
You know, that's what he is.
But the fat ass governor, I just despise him a thousand times worse than even his brother.
Than any of them.
And keep in mind that your fat ass governor is a member of P-NAC, the project for the New American Century,
which even though he tries to put on his goody-two shoes face to the public,
he is really extraordinarily dangerous, devious and dangerous as opposed to his brother who is dumb, devious and dangerous.
And he's got some devious plans.
12, 14, and 5, 60, WQA, and hey, after all of this time there's still some of you out there a little bit nervous about buying a mattress over the phone.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS, the number for dial-a-matchments, you'll find out they got the most liberal exchange policy so there's no risk.
Did you know that 1-800-MATRUS has got more repeat customers than anybody else going?
So once you try it, you'll never ever go back to a showroom again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-arounds, no showroom shenanigans, no ripoffs,
just the best factory direct prices on the best brands you know and love.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS, you'll be calling the company rags number one customer satisfaction.
And whatever brand you like, I'm talking about the top brands in the world, they have them all.
Seely, Sura, Simmons, King Coil, Tempurbidic, and Stearns, and Bananas Foster.
And I don't care what Jay says, Bananas Foster is good stuff. You're full of it.
And now dial-a-matchers offers no payments or interest until 2006.
So call dial-a-matchers, toll-free, and 1-800-MATRUS for all the details.
Moe and George and Miguel and Fatbo and of course you're through it for years,
satisfied dial-a-matchers customers and I guarantee you, you will be too.
Call 1-800-MATRUS right now or log onto their website, macrus.com, for a stupendous night's sleep every night for months and years to come.
1-800-MATRUS.
You will be on the Rogers, and we'll see you later on 5.60 AM.
Back it in and hold it.
Rums fell.
Do we have to give you a big lift?
Abu Dharam Ramon.
You still have to explain what they did.
They thought it was funny to make a naked human pyramid.
I think it's kind of wacky.
What they did to those Iraqis?
You're fairytale.
You're fairytale.
You're fairytale.
20 past 9 at 5.60 W.D. Crimson, the judge, George Greer says DCF-A-A.
Don't take her. Don't touch her.
Get that out of there.
Can't have custody of Terry but.
This fake doctor is right to lie.
The woman is going to come in and say, oh, she's not in a vegetative state.
Even in Florida.
There's always one more piece to the puzzle.
It's like the stress and angst and trauma that goes on a QA.
Every time you think, finally, nothing else can possibly happen.
Although I will tell you this, everything is going really hunky.
Dore Pichi in Iraq.
It's going as Bhakshifa would say, oki-doki.
The students had begun to lay out their picnic in the spring sunshine when a man attacked.
There were dozens of them armed with guns and they poured into the park.
Alli Alli, all Zawi, 21, the engineering student organized together in Bajor, said, a picnic.
I guess life in Iraq isn't a picnic.
They started shouting at us that we were immoral, that we were meeting boys and girls together
and playing music and that was against Islam.
They began shooting in the air and people screamed, then with one order they began beating us with their sticks and rifle butts.
Two students were said to have been killed.
Well, that'll teach them to have a picnic, right?
Standing over them as the blow was rained down was a man who gave the order to rest in dark, clerical garb and wearing a black turban.
Alli recognized him immediately as a follower of Mokada Alsader, the radical Shia cleric.
Alli realized then that the armed men were members of Alsader's many army, a private militia that fought American forces last year
and is now enforcing its own firebrand version of Islam.
The picnic had run follow the Islamist powers and increasing the whole sway in the fly-blown southern city
where religious militias ruled the streets, forcing women to dawn the veil and closing down shops that sell alcohol or music.
In the election in January, the battle between secular and religious forces in Bazar came down to the ballot box.
The main Shia alliance triumphed with 70% of the province's vote, most of the rest going to a secular rival.
That victory is brought to a head the issue of whether Iraq's new constitution will adopt Islamic law or Sharia as much religious Shia leaders desire.
In Bazar however, Islamic militias already have begun to apply their own version of that law, but not authority from above or any challenge from the police.
Students say that there was nothing spontaneous about the attack, police regarding the picnic in the park as is customary to any large public gathering, but allowed the armed men in without any resistance.
One brought a video camera to record the simple spectacle of the picnic footage of which was later released to the public as a warning to others.
It showed images of one girl struggling as a gunman ripped her blouse off leaving her half naked.
We'll send these pictures to your parents so they can see how you were dancing naked with men, a gunman told her.
Two students who went to a raid were shot, one in the leg of the other twice in the stomach.
The latter was said to have died of his injuries.
The fellow students say that the girl later committed suicide, another girl who was early beaten around the head lost her sight.
Another net, things are going well.
Oh, we're sorry.
Iraq baby, everything's going great.
All right, it's worth it, you know what?
Oh yeah.
It's well worth it.
I'm really disappointed and bummed out about this poll today.
I've been holding this one off as kind of the last and this group of polls on food.
And I thought this would be the frosting on the cake.
This would be exciting because there's so many really fabulous bazaar.
You know, years ago it was, there was vanilla, chocolate, butter, pecan, strawberry, and the appallant.
That was it.
That was ice cream, many, many moons ago, back in the day.
But now, like when you go to the supermarket, there's 80s ziggin kinds of ice cream in a freezer, right?
There is.
Or like when you go to pastured robins, you're going to go to like a really good ice cream joint, which they are.
And they got like tubs and tubs and all these neat and stiffy and fantastic and wild and great tasting flavors that do a t-
and khazazaki on your taste buds.
What?
I'm telling you.
Jesus, I mean, everybody enjoyed this from like you.
Well, why not?
Tells wrong with you.
They don't be in the volume.
That's why.
I love lasagna.
WQA and hello.
Thank you.
How you doing?
All right.
Okay, listen, I'm like you.
I'm really just getting hardy here in a balsamic.
I live in the wet and go to southern like 10 miles away from my parents house.
And just the other day, I might be believing.
I would go over there and what makes me fortunate to take about the whole thing is the score of the people that are lined up outside these people out there with candles and singing of all nice balls.
I mean, a lot of the neighbors out kind of be shoot.
I mean, but there's like ten cost out there, you know, make sure those are servings are satin.
I mean, I just can't believe the line of people that are showing them in the leg.
Yeah.
You think it's iconic, dude?
If they're sitting at their seat and see the songs all night long and they got their kids out there, you know, kids don't need to be involved in this kind of stuff.
You know, I pity us in this day, man.
I really do.
I moved from Fort Lauderdale to the west coast to get away from some crazy people.
And now they're all coming over here.
I mean, I'm sorry, man.
It's getting crazy, bro.
Good luck to you, pal.
I'll pay for you.
Okay.
I'll sing a song and I'll say a prayer for her.
I'll light a candle.
Okay.
Just like the Christopher's used to do.
I'll light a candle.
It's better than...
What do they used to have a slogan?
It's better than cursing the darkness to like just one candle.
Or you can light a candle and curse the darkness.
How do you like that?
I like that girl in Iraq.
She's probably cursing the darkness now, I would think.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Pretty good.
And you know, I punch my guts out over at Coconut Creek and Hard Rock once in a while.
And do you really think that that many people are going to actually go to the dog track?
Have any more now or highlight?
To forward just because of the slots.
Do you think that the change in tennis that much?
Yes.
Well, let me ask you this.
If they didn't have gambling at the Hard Rock, how many people would be there?
Nobody.
Okay, thanks for answering your question.
I mean, Josh would be there because he goes there to get drunk.
Right.
And cruise the joint.
You know, maybe get lucky or not.
Definitely.
There you go.
He likes to...
Some of them in Indian princesses is what he likes.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
You fare me.
Count 5-60 on him for rising in singular wireless lines.
Yeah, nobody's going to come out.
See, again, people talking about what they don't know.
But in this case, he does know.
He already does know because obviously he's been out there.
He's been the engines.
He sees that it's packed with people.
If he takes the gambling out, how many people would be there like all week?
Fuck third man.
And they'd all be engines.
Come on.
Get with it.
Stopping...
See, this is for a negative, negative.
We're not going to do any good right now.
If your governor and the legislature have anything to do with it,
they're killin' it before it even gets out of the water if they have their way.
Thankfully, it looks like the state Senate might like intercede there
and prevent them from just butchering this whole thing up.
I think if anybody deserves to be impeached beside his brother, the president,
I think your fat ass governor ought to be impeached.
The class size amendment, this business is going on right now trying to like overrule the courts
and then trying to overwrit subvert the world of the public on the...
This man has committed more impeachable offenses.
He's a mad man above the law.
Is that what it is?
And in the people of the state of Florida, they look at...
Oh, Chad, he never stole a freight train.
Yeah, right.
And he's got that lovely family too.
Crazy person.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yep.
How are you sir?
Pretty good.
What's going on?
I'm fine.
You know what needs to be a bark to death rather than a very shybo?
Christy Alleyo.
No, that's a good idea.
At least you come on this planet, you know?
I'll tell you one thing.
Working a lot better than Jenny Craig.
Absolutely.
You know that's personal.
That's in the studio.
I think it's Josh.
Okay, 5670, 562.
What do you say?
He said you're a hell of a guy.
Tom 562 on the Verizon and Singer.
He said there's a turd smell in the studio.
I was talking about the elephants and the swap shops.
All of a sudden I decided that you're a real hell of a guy.
You perk.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you doing buddy?
All right, pali.
All right, I got a, I put two on the pole.
Two flavors.
We haven't had a flavor rest since Lincoln was a baby.
Go ahead.
Yeah, I got a Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby.
Chubby Hubby.
I've had that in the, you know, yeah.
And how about Agenda's brownie batter?
Brownie batter.
Yeah, it's real good man.
I think we'll need the brownie honser and that one.
Okay, thanks a lot, pali.
Look how far past Agenda break now, see?
You're late man.
The pressure is just mounting.
How about that down here?
That's what it is.
It's in handler.
On 560, Q-A-M.
The league of retarded citizens will promote their rendition of greenery.
Don't make fun of them.
They won't hurt every hard for this.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
There are only people who worked there.
I'mcinaria.
I'minaria.
waiver.
I'm tranfer nika.
pa IL May i
I'minia.
IAN IS AORY
ніwyk
What do you mean gehen?
Michael Jackson have in common asked this story on AP.
If Donald Trump and his partners have the way they all have a resident performing gig in
Las Vegas on their resumes.
Trump's Las Vegas partners have been courting Jackson to perform at the new frontier hotel
in Casino, also weekly magazine B.San.
New frontier owner Phil Ruffin and partner Jack Wiesner have reportedly spoken representatives
of Jackson about a long-term residency.
Oh, he can bring all the little kids up there and drink that Jesus juice.
How many months ago was it, Jack, that the Red Dead story from the inquire about that Villa
he's got behind one of the casinos in Vegas and he was bringing all the little kids in
there with the Jesus juice and cans.
Remember that?
Yes.
Months and months and months ago.
Trump and Ruffin are partners in Trump International Hotel in Towers as being built beyond the
new frontier.
Everything I do is the best and everything Phil Ruffin does is the best and this would
be no exception.
The magazine quotes Trump is saying, well I think he's got a point.
Michael Jackson is the best pedophile going.
Jackson spoke to a spokeswoman Ray Mone, Kay Bain, didn't immediately return a call from
the AP for comment.
There will be a morals clause in the contract which the told us he added that Jackson would
draw more than the $80 million Celine Dion gross in 2004.
He continues to perform at the Coliseum at Caesar's palace, Newton is touring the country.
Jackson has in the past reportedly been interested in performing in Vegas.
The secret is a frequent visit to the city where his parents and sister-in-law, Toya, live
and where he has like a, in his own personal little villa.
I think it's the Mirage I do believe.
If my memory's correct, his own personal villa back there where he allegedly took the
kids with her Jesus juice.
And of course being good Friday tomorrow would be a good day for some Jesus juice?
Oh it would.
I do like wealth as grape juice.
You can't have that either.
You can't have fruit juice when you're diabetic.
So it's pure sugar.
Is there anybody who doesn't love wealth as grape juice real cold, you know, chilled?
I like the white grape juice.
Yeah, that's good, but not like the grape grape juice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line.
The good news is, Fisherwood Seamings with the moment have, look at that, open up a nice
22 volt lead.
Oh, that's sure it.
For WCOM, hello.
Neil, hello.
Pretty good.
Listen, I don't know if anybody got this to you already because I missed from the show,
but I think I, the shivo thing I figured it out.
Yeah.
She's going to die tomorrow because I've been Friday.
I never thought about that.
Good Friday, man.
And Jeff is going to put the tube in post mortem on you.
Sunday.
And he's going to come back.
All right.
It was a second coming on Sunday.
On Easter, how are we?
I'm going to do you.
And then April 13th, she's going to be having lots of rosalovas in Hollywood with a Virgin
Mary.
How do you like that?
And the frying pan.
Did you see she fell on that?
Yeah, I see.
I had that T-fail, yeah.
Only, only, only in the state.
I tell you.
Hey, I'm American, baby.
And clothing, you know, I'm a simple Timid ice cream, but 10 roof Sunday from Farm
Stores.
Farm Stores, 10 roof Sunday.
Okay.
It's a little pedestrian, but we'll put it on there for you.
I don't like that.
Farm Stores, 10 roof Sunday.
How many of what you think that's going to get?
Oh.
Well, that's okay.
He's in toddler's opinion.
At least he's not wanting to.
At least 10 roof Sunday is more exciting than vanilla, you know?
Maybe.
All the ones, what is it made with?
Maybe it's vanilla.
Yeah.
No, not maybe.
Definitely.
See, I hate to say this to you, but any kind of in the ice cream just at least me limp.
What's the deal?
You know?
And I've told you something, Timid, if you want to be a real kind of swirr like yours
truly, if you want to have good foods that I just eaten the swirl and all the other
slabs out there eat, I mean, you know, it's one thing to be a fat slub with good taste.
Nothing just to be a pedestrian fat slub.
Anybody can do that.
What about friends and stuff?
But anytime you eat something that requires a whole bunch, the Frenchman knows the same
crap, just slightly different flavor.
It looks good.
And will you listen to me?
I'm listening.
Very muy importante.
Okay.
Anytime you eat something that requires a whole bunch of other stuff to be slathered
on it, uh-uh, ain't good stuff.
Just like you said the other day, when I said that it brings things out, you said, oh,
this is a good, you don't have to have steak sauce.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Correct.
You go into words, Chris, you ask for a steak sauce, they give you a look, I know, are
you, uh, kid and me?
What are you, some kind of a slub?
Yeah, well, we're giving you like a gallon of steak sauce through a-
Yeah.
Cute.
Yeah.
It'll come out of the ceiling of the smear right down on your plate and the same thing
with French fries.
If you didn't have salt and mayonnaise, it's likely to do an Amsterdam or a ketchup.
Now there, I will admit that there are people need fries naked, you know, with nothing
on them.
Yeah, I can do it.
Uh-uh, unsalted?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, get out of here, you're so full of it.
Yeah, but salt was like on for some pepper, I know.
To give it.
If you have to pour salt on it, it has no taste.
Same thing with like mashed potatoes.
What's mashed potatoes without gravy?
You just don't like potatoes, obviously.
No, you're-you're-you're absolutely wrong.
I can't eat potatoes because it's pure carbohydrates being diabetic.
And if I'm going to cheat, you see, you have to make your choices in life, okay?
You have to make your choices.
Okay.
And when you're fat or when you're fat and diabetic, you know, you-everybody cheats.
I don't care what you say.
Nobody's perfect, so maybe Terry.
But area everybody's cheating.
So you have to make your choices.
If I'm going to go out today, am I going to go out and get like, go to Wendy's and get
a baked potato with like cheese and chives?
I mean, I like that and sour cream.
I like potatoes.
In fact, you know, I like a lot of potato skins.
You know what I mean?
I mean, you go into all these flusy bars and places.
You probably like, you know, get potato skin appetizers, right?
Right.
Good.
Good baking.
Oh, yeah.
Shmeron's about a sour cream, good stuff.
But again, it has to have a kutrumins on it.
So that-that's what I-
And it's good.
Like, who cares what's on it?
If it's good, it's good.
I didn't say it wasn't good.
You didn't let me finish.
But vanilla ice cream without-you see, at least, at least the potato skins, or even a
baked potato.
Oh, you can't have a baked potato with-you can't have a baked potato without butter,
though, can you?
No.
No.
It's dry.
Yes, it's too dry.
Very dry.
And butter and sour cream and maybe chives, see?
And bacon.
And bacon bits.
And, of course, the melted cheddar cheese would be good, and they're too like a windy.
Yeah.
What?
No.
You see, you think I don't like potatoes?
You're absolutely wrong with potatoes or vegetables.
Well, you only like a baked potato, though?
You don't like fries.
No, I don't like fries.
I like, I like, I don't like hash browns.
One of those other kind of fries-a potatoes they have at breakfast.
What do they call those?
Hash browns.
No, not hash browns.
Taterpots?
No, not tau-tainer-tats.
Tater-tats.
Tater-tats.
Oh, no.
Would you like mashed potatoes?
You don't like mashed?
I don't eat them, but I do like mashed potatoes with gravy.
With gravy.
Do you know, have you-now, mashed potatoes out of a box?
Fee.
That's-that's the ultimate goyem is mashed potatoes out of a box.
Terrible.
In fact, I would tell you right now, the same people who love an Eli screen, they love mashed
potatoes out of a box.
Uncle Ben.
Yours needs a meal, Rogers.
Rest in peace.
In fact, I would tell you a dish.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Peppy and Carlos had been lost in the desert for weeks, and were at death's door.
As they stumbled on, hoping for salvation in the form of an oasis or something similar,
they suddenly spied through the heat of the haze, a tree in the distance.
As they got closer, they could see that the tree was draped with raster upon raster
of bacon.
There was smoke bacon, crispy bacon, life-giving juicy, nearly raw bacon of all sorts.
Oh, my!
Peppy!
Carlos said it's a bacon tree.
We're saved.
You're right, said Peppy.
So Peppy goes on ahead and runs up to the tree, salivating at the prospect of food.
But as he gets to within five feet of the tree, there's the sound of machine gunfire, and
he is shut down in a hell of bullets.
Carlos quickly drops down on the sand and calls across to his dying friend, Peppy.
Peppy, what on earth happened?
With his dying breath, Peppy calls out run.
It's not a bacon tree.
It's a hand-bush.
Paul, hardly.
You get that?
1247, 13 to 1, a cube.
I'm kind of cute.
They are great.
Five people say they hate ice cream.
See, that's not very many.
Out of about 700 oats, whatever we got.
Only five say they hate ice cream.
And of course, in this crowd, no matter what it is, I hate life.
And whatever you ask, there's always that little element there.
They hate everything and everybody, including themselves.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, see?
And generally speaking, with all these zillion flavors that are out there, it indicates
to me that there's a real ice cream problem in South Florida and maybe in the entire
state.
The only good thing, the same in Grace we've had so far, is that nobody has mentioned
Carvelle or the old DQ, the very queen.
You're fairy.
Somebody QA and hello?
Oh, yeah.
Richard calling for Miami.
Yes, Richard, how you doing?
Good.
Paul call?
I'm going to call.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Oh, hey.
The go over the dog guy.
Yeah?
Well, just calling to say hello and love you, show, having called him over a year, still
listening and you're the best.
Okay, thanks, Richard.
That was really worthwhile.
Wow.
W and QA and hello?
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, the guy a couple of cars ago stole my phone.
Everybody go over the dog guy, still listening.
He still thinks I'm the best.
Go ahead, I'm sorry, guy.
It's got a couple of cars.
They stole my phone.
It was Chevy Hubby.
Yeah.
That's an awesome player and that's made me where I am today.
Yeah, it's Hubby.
Yeah, you got it.
And the casino gambling, do you know if there is smoking allowed in a pair of mutuals?
No.
I'll go there.
I took my wife to the hard rock once and we just reached it's awful.
Yeah, no, you have to go back there.
I don't know any of you.
I'm not in Vegas what they've done to be honest with it because I've been in Vegas
for a few years.
But any casino that I like would find there's not smoking a lot in there.
They've made a lot of places that we can go outside and smoke but not inside.
Yeah, we tried to go to a restaurant at the hard rock last week and part of them up
and out that they were smoking and they said yeah because they're on the reservation.
Oh yeah because they want you to smoke all those cancer sticks that they're penalty
that are of course.
Right, so that'll keep us far away.
Good choice, Pallet.
Good luck.
All right.
100%.
Okay.
560, 7.0, 560.
Count 560 and it's really amazing after all this time.
I don't want to hear about it because it's very ponderous and boring.
Even Miguel who was at the hard rock and played the slots there, even he doesn't understand
it.
He can't explain how they work.
I don't know.
Well, how is that possible?
I wasn't paying attention.
Yeah, like I said, well first you got to play bingo against the other people and then
you get to spin.
What does that mean?
I mean, every play, every pull you got to go through a little bingo game.
It's got to take you forever.
That doesn't make any sense.
I don't buy that.
Well, you were there.
I didn't have to wait for anybody.
I put in some quarters and I got some money back.
You put in some quarters, you got some money back.
How many QAM?
Hello.
A meal.
Yes.
Is this meal?
Sounds like meal.
All right.
Hey, we just opened the cream Aliever ice cream shop.
Yes.
Here in the Victoria Park shop.
It's our federal highway.
Okay.
Is that the polls about ice cream today, right?
Right.
It's great.
Incredible fat free ice cream.
You're talking about flavors, are there all kinds of flavors?
No sugar added low carb.
Now that no sugar added low carb, that doesn't have all that sorbitol and stuff in it.
I'm sure it does.
No, no, no.
Oh, yeah.
Whoever's the low carb has sucrose.
No.
Oh, man.
Calm, Mr. Whipple, real quick.
Bring it to my screen.
Well, come down and see it.
Come down and see it.
Why don't you bring some ice cream over the station?
I'm sure that Josh and Miguel would give you like rave reviews, even if they don't
like it.
Okay.
That sounds good.
Okay.
Let me put you on hold.
Maybe you can bring some ice cream in tomorrow.
They can wash down those ribs with it.
Wouldn't that be good for dessert?
Okay.
Put that guy on hold on one, Josh.
See what you can scam out of him.
I mean, you know, well, no, he's pretty far away, right?
Right.
U.S.1 and where did he say?
He said Victoria Park, I think.
Oh, boy.
But what the hell does it make?
In fact, you won't have to nuke it.
You can just get a straw and suck it out of it.
Two.
The guys on one, by the way, Josh.
Just to handle them, please.
Yeah, I got it.
Okay.
Just to blow them off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and a variety of things in
singularity.
I want to get one for you, plug and why not to power this show, huh?
We made fish food number one.
We made pizza loft number one before they turned on us like a cornered rat.
And you know what?
That's fine.
That's okay.
We still got bread and tonis right up, bringing food anytime we want.
Yeah.
See, it's one thing about us.
If you decide, all of a sudden, you don't like us or we're not friendly enough or we don't
kiss your ass.
That's okay.
We, you know, it's the way it goes.
We just move on.
It's like these people look off.
I'm never going to lose anywhere.
Okay.
Hey, have a great life.
Good luck to you.
And of course they never mean that.
I don't think there's anybody who ever called this show in all these years I've been on
the air nearly in this town, whoever said, I'm done with you on air or faxed in, you know,
and they're there.
Of course.
And then of course they think you got that convenient Alzheimer's that you're going to forget.
Or maybe they have it.
And then all of a sudden they either call it in, you recognize the voice or here comes the
fax again.
Like Fat Boy's boyfriend neighbor there is ex-neighbor, the Friedman.
They Dave.
WDQAM, hello.
Two items, Neil.
Yes.
Item number one, having to do with the slots.
Did you hear the bill that has come out of committee on the slots?
They want to keep them.
What do you call them?
So I talked about that room this morning.
Yeah, I probably didn't have to.
Like the engine.
Yeah.
And the other thing is, you're in the prison block.
You came out about the same time that Hagen Doss came out the first time.
Another funny moment, I was standing there, you know, I scream, but it was very, very tasty.
I'm a big fan of Butter Pocon and they had the absolute best Butter Pocon in the whole world.
Also, what?
What ever happened to chicken tonight?
It was a great thing, you know, easy to work with chicken and do it.
And they just disappeared off the grocery store show.
Well, we'll do an investigation and we'll take our QAM investigative team and we'll send them out to check that out.
You know another product that I don't know if it's still around.
It was, I don't want to say it wasn't very good.
It wasn't very good.
They can't, but you used to advertise it.
So it couldn't have been too good.
Top shelf.
Do you remember that stuff?
They used to have like in a box, not frozen, but like lasagna's and pasta.
And it was in a box.
And you'd open up the box and be like a little foil container and you'd put it in the, and you'd nuke it just before you nuke your ice cream.
You never heard of that top shelf?
No.
No.
Like I said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
We'd better get to Beastown and show tomorrow with the George and Josh, because at least he knows about slots.
Hey, he was playing quarters this morning. He won 160 bucks.
See, Hank is teaching him the fast way and I only talk about when you're winning. He won 160 bucks.
And maybe that was like in the last five minutes. Maybe before that he lost about 6,000. Who knows.
But his folks got the big bucks. Make no difference.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir.
How are you sir?
Long time no see.
Listen, I'm still cracking up from two hours ago when you said that doctor who looked at her chart, Terry Sivoh.
And he said he's ready. She's ready to do a tap dance.
Yeah.
I mean, that's what he said.
Did you hear the brother?
The brother?
He said she's vibrant.
She's alive and she's vibrant.
He said, they can be vibrant.
Neil, you sound like you're in a rare form these days.
Yes, I am. And have a great day. That's one of the chronics.
56670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular wireless lines.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Do you remove my feeding tape?
Yeah. Dominic QAM, hello.
We've got, oh, we've got to come for that.
Yeah, Prozac Ron wants us to remove his feeding tape.
Oh yeah.
We have a long line of your house Ron volunteers for that.
We'd be fighting over it.
Just like those crazy right to life crowd over there screaming and hollering and trying to, you know,
water her like a plant.
In fact, doesn't that prove that she's in a vegetative state?
What do you do when you sprinkle water on something?
Is it usually like a plant?
You're listening to the Neil Rogers.
It's collusion late on 566708.
The one to two hour.
He likes to say no color to people.
He likes to brave no color to people.
Absolutely.
Officer Ferman, driving through Brentwood at night with a glove in his bag.
His evidence bag wets at the Bronco.
Opens the wind out to leave a few drops on the floor.
A spa-jama door on the Sir Mark Ferman, where did that work come from?
All the Sir Mark Ferman, he dropped the bloody glove.
Simpson and Kato, back from a burger in fries and a rest to Rodney Hill.
A noise in the rear, OJ is napping, dropping his socks near the bed, but there's somebody there.
Clancing somewhere on the Sir Mark Ferman, where did that work come from?
On the Sir Mark Ferman, he dropped the bloody glove.
Speaking of that, it's mainly the Florida judge who said the A-on, the DCF can't take Terry,
but he's going to still the rule on the doctor's revision of his previous medical opinion.
One doctor who gave him a minimal, he took a look and said, oh, look at that.
He's going to get up into a fizzaski any second I can tell.
Who happens to be one of these right to life fanatical people, so his credibility on a scale of zero is minus infinity.
Now, Rucker Howard speaking of great food and fast food joints, we're like this story.
When these chileas not made out of people, well, it is, but just a little bit.
It says, San Jose, California.
Santa Clara County Health Officials confirmed yesterday that the thing a woman bid on when enjoying her chili
and a Montgomery highway Wendy's was in fact a human finger.
They're not sure who's it was.
It had to be Rucker Howard.
What?
It was about an inch and a half with the longest nicely groomed male.
Oh, that's nice.
And while it gave the woman Anna Ayala 39 of Vegas a bad case of the willies,
it likely caused no physical illness official said.
She bid end to it.
That's because the finger was safely cooked simmering along 170 degrees with more traditional chili ingredients such as tomato beef and beans.
The beans might have been worse, yeah.
Yeah. It was her first visit to a Wendy's.
I'm more of a Carl's junior person she said through the night.
Suddenly something crunchy was in my mouth and I spit it out.
After much examination, she and her table mates realized just what the special ingredient was and then the vomiting commenced.
Oh no, that's what it says.
Oh no.
Police and county health officials were called with the Wendy's but no one there was missing any digits.
Anybody missing a digit?
We had every kind of show they had us.
We had everyone show us they had 10 fingers and everything was okay.
There's said Ben Gale directed the county's Department of Environmental Health and confirming it was a finger.
The county medical examiner also found that it wasn't badly decomposed and had a solid set of fingerprints.
Conceivably official said police could lift a print and perhaps match it to a partially fingered person through a database and then ask what happened.
For now, officials figure since it was a jagged cut it may have happened on a meat grinder.
Oh nice.
In any case the county shut the Wendy's for wild and impounded all their remaining chili and all the ingredients used to make it which is whipped up on sight.
They hope to track all the fixings to try to find the source of the finger.
It is of course possible it was planted by someone who wants to cash in on a grossed out civil suit that certainly is plausible.
Said medical senator Joseph O'Hara but then where was she who have gotten the finger?
And how could she have cooked it?
All involved said they've never experienced anything like it and when he spoke to him in Bobber Teeny said never in the fast food chains.
35 years has a body part showed up in the food.
Wendy's founder Dave Thomas always used to say quality is our recipe.
It says maybe so but they might want to rejigger the chili recipe.
I go to the quality finger.
I've eaten their chili too no more.
Oh come on.
Why? Because this woman in San Jose California found a finger in her chili and every night eating in no more?
Well actually yeah I would like to do that lawsuit myself.
Oh I see.
Well chop off automatic belly bells fingers and stick it in there.
Good idea.
5670560 or maybe Gary Sarner be good at least to be kosher anyway.
I have to cook it first.
Count 560 and leave Verizon and Singular wireless line.
We're asking what's your favorite ice cream today?
Ben and Jerry's fish food, numeral o'no 127.
Vanilla he says with a heavy heart is a close second with 106.
WDQIA and hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes.
Breaking news, Sherry woke up and said put the tube back in.
I'm dying over here.
Pretty creative huh?
Pretty how you do these stuff?
WDQIA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I have a question because you get such a great investigative thing.
How come we're not charging more money to the parties for grain corn, flour, wheat?
Hey you better not be picking on our buddies pal.
You better get with it.
We're not charging more on the Saudis.
That's the bus families business partners.
Are you crazy?
What's wrong with you man?
You better wake up and start sniffing the schmattas.
5670560.
It's been a sniff in the schmattas.
Is this kind of a disgusting story since we just did the one about the finger in your
chili?
Great on.
Meet Daniel Madridle, a 39 year old Florida teacher, spacing voyeurism charges for climbing
into a school gym as you was ceiling.
So we allegedly could peer at a 20 year old female gym teacher in the adjacent girls' locker
room and showers.
From his overhead perch, Madridle, golf coach at Dolores S. Perret Middle School, may
also watch two female students ages 11 and 13 on dress.
According to the amphibian.
When the gym teacher spotted Madridle climbing down from the ceiling, she asked what he was
doing.
Madridle claimed that he was planning to scare them by throwing a basketball into her office.
The only problem was Madridle, who was arrested last Friday, did not have a basketball
in his hands.
Now I had a great line I could use with that, but back in the day I could say it, I better
not now.
Joyce Mucket really upset.
Keep it about what he did in his hands.
It wasn't a basketball.
So now that he's facing three Mr. Meener charges for his March 3rd ceiling caper, Madridle's
been suspended without pay by school board officials and pictured above right here in
Nastywood and drive by an A. Hornando County Sheriff's Office mug shot.
Maybe that place up there in the ceiling is Hornando's hideaway.
56705, 6550, 6550 for Ryzen and singular wireless lines.
And like I started to say about a half an hour ago before I interrupted myself, wouldn't
you think with all these zillions?
Or you're going to actually submit there she is, she gets the $65,000 reward for the
role of the capture of Brian Nichols.
In conjunction with essentially a religious and spiritual upbringing.
Oh boy, here we go.
Oh boy.
She is.
Yeah, that's all I got in by that book.
What's in it?
That book's the power of negative thinking.
Somebody QAM line nine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you today, Neil?
Pretty good, Palley.
What do you got?
Well, I just want to say I'm in Charlotte North Carolina and used to listen to you a lot
when I live down there.
All right.
But I'll tell you the truth.
Tell me the truth, please.
All the products you get, they kill me.
You'd have to live in highly with the green teeth to really understand it.
That's pretty much it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Do you understand what he was saying?
It's a great show, but all the chronic say living highly with the green.
Oh, I think he's saying he had to be there to understand all these, this crowd.
You're right.
Good point, Palley.
Hey, listen, he's like in Charlotte North Carolina just fine.
But sure, that helps beat, beat so a lot of highly up.
That is just true.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I just wanted to make a comment about that, uh, some of the calls that you're getting
in reference to the girl and the tube and all that.
Tube.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, I'm listening.
Man, I was, you think that we should be instead of making fun of the whole issue.
I mean, I'm not pro-live or pro anything.
I mean, I'm just saying we shouldn't.
We just talk about how ignorant the people down here in South Florida are.
Well, how many different, how many, how many years have I been doing that, sir?
But think about this.
The fact that you could be 18, 30, you could have children, grandchildren.
This could happen to anybody and you are the one who's going to happen every day.
It happens every day.
I mean, it's, it's, I hear some of these guys, I'll take the tube out of this.
You know what?
It's a human being and forget about her life or whatever, but you know, it happens every day and people down here, all they do,
the quality of the listeners that we're having is just going down.
No.
Quality of people that we have here.
Now you got yourself on a visit.
Okay, no, that was it.
I really don't understand.
I thought it was going to be something more.
The quality of the people here is going down.
Do you understand what he was trying to say?
I sure don't.
Maybe I had a problem with the fact we're talking about these.
You know, I mean, you might as well have a little bit of, you know, I'm not going to get all bummed out about this.
He's been dying for 15 years.
And like I said, it happens to people every day families have to make these decisions.
And it's a personal, private business.
And they don't allow these right-to-life lunatics to come in there and make a circus out of it.
And try to like, overrule the court decisions.
She had like a whole bunch of doctors who examined her years and years and years.
And partridge and a pair of three.
And that's it.
Not only can't you live in peace in America anymore.
You can't even die in peace.
Nope.
Can't do it.
For crying out loud.
I'm dying out of here.
I mean, what would you rather talk about for Terry and the tube or the...
Chew!
Or actually in their 65 grand.
It's an viral action.
Oh, please.
I can't take it no more.
America's going off the deep end.
Just like that article I read about the religious nuts have just totally taken over.
And the Republican Party has pan-revened.
And even they don't agree with them now.
They've gone so far.
They've even passed them like they were standing still.
Even evangelicals, a lot of them are saying, hey, wait a minute.
We didn't mean to go that far.
Don't press the button yet, George.
You know that kind of thing.
Webin' a Q-I-M. Hello.
Hey, if I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Give me a favor.
What's up, friend of mine?
I was trying to explain to him the old days with Jerry Wichner.
And with Scott Scott.
Wow.
That the old station.
Yeah.
Would you mind just telling him the story of that so he could hear it?
He doesn't believe me.
Tell him the story of, whoa, when Jerry Wichner's got Rob?
Yeah.
What's your work in there?
Yes, I was on the air at the time.
I'm going to hang up.
Go ahead and tell him.
I want him to hear it.
Okay.
No.
This is...
Here's a guy that's programming the show now.
Why would I want to go rehash the story about Jerry Wichner's getting robbed?
By the way, Jerry's dead.
Jerry Wichner too.
I'm still here, though.
He's got a friend listening.
He wants me to rehash the story from W.S. News from 25 years ago.
And the answer is, no.
And he liked that.
Well, maybe either put a...
Write it out on a long hand to put the message in a bottle or send it through a cube over to his house and he can show his buddy the story.
I mean, that's just ridiculous.
What does he do?
I'd rather hear about Ashley Smith.
First of all, I want to thank my lord and savior.
Oh!
Oh!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I didn't know that for me.
That's the end.
That is the end.
I'm putting the revolver right to my temple.
I make them just go into temple.
I don't know.
And see, surely go tell my spiritual advisor.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
I just...
What happened to America, man?
If you're not a fundamentalist Bible thumping?
Oh!
In fact, you know something.
That's why I'm taking off tomorrow.
It's good Friday.
It's never too late.
You know what?
I'm eating the wafer.
I'm drinking the wine.
I'm doing the all.
I'm putting on a dress like the Pope.
I'm doing everything.
You have some ice cream?
No.
No ice cream till next week, earliest, at the earliest.
You're going to have it that hat too?
No, I am going to get one of those big miters and put it on my head, yeah?
And miters muffler?
Man.
You just wait.
I'm going to be a real fashion plate, just like Il Papa.
Hey, I'm sure you're familiar with our friend Anthony Kelli and with the main man at acceptance capital mortgage.
So before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know.
Do you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products?
No, you didn't know that.
That's why I said that.
And if your credit's less than absolutely perfect, get ready to hear the most famous two letter word in the English language.
Oh no!
And oh, if you're not working with the right lender, chances are getting approved are only 50-50.
So to yourself a big favor, call right now 1-884-83 loan.
That's 1-884-83 loan that the main man in this team puts you in a mortgage and meets your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender or maybe being turned on because you called the wrong number.
Call the main man in acceptance capital mortgage toll free today.
1-884-83 loan. That's 888-483 loan.
And every 10 days, close the loan, don't forget, a portion is donated to kids in distress.
So why call anybody else if you want exactly the video you're looking for, avoid the old bait and switch through the smart thing.
Call Anthony Kelli and know everybody's main man today. 1-888-483 loan.
That's pure.
It seems to be a little rotten.
It's close to 10.
And that's the same thing with 8am.
It's stay-o!
If I ever need to tell, I'm gonna have to go to the kitchen and have 5-6-0.
W-H-E-N.
You first.
Now all us red next shore of themselves.
This ex-builds ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in self.
Now I'm my only uncle and it worries me.
My ancestor took me with her.
One of the dealings got no wheels and inside spell like something died.
He kissed my cheek and winked her eyes.
We're all alone in the house.
But I got sick when she gave me a kiss.
Joined till back of her mouth.
All us red next shore of themselves.
All right.
This ex-builds ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in self.
So come meet my new wife.
She's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses.
Chickens, cows and pigs.
A four by four that I adore with tires and a two damn big.
The rear window it has a gun rack.
That's where I keep my gun.
I'll flag in the wife and the back.
My neck is red from too much sun.
All us red next shore of themselves.
This ex-builds ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in self.
Her sister is the one who was there with dirty knees.
Every human is hard to chew.
Who's got the nicest chew.
And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
Welcome.
I'm pointing out to one of the class 60 of the 3M where we tend to be a little clannish at times.
So anyway, this neurologist so-called William Cheshire.
Right.
When that Cheshire cat grin on his face.
The Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville.
He's the one that they're using is their last guest hope, you know, who claims all of a sudden now that she's not in a vegetator state.
But anyway, he observed her at her bedside but did not conduct an examination of her.
Cheshire is a, he's from the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville.
A bioethicist who's also an active member in Christian organizations, including two whose leaders have spoken out against the removal of the-
Right.
Of course he is.
Ronald Cranford of the University of Minnesota, a neurologist who was among those who made a previous diagnosis of Shrivo said,
There isn't a credible, reputable neurologist in the world who won't find her in a vegetative state.
Got that?
There isn't a credible reputable neurologist in the world who will not find her in a vegetative state.
Florida.
Got it?
Got it.
But of course, Mr. Cheshire, who happens to be just by Coenzen's same member of a bunch of religious right wing, right to life organizations,
he says, who did not examine her by the way but he was at her bedside and said, Oh, look at that.
She's getting- she's getting right out into what we get up and do a tap dance.
I can tell.
Any second now.
Come on, Terry.
We can do it.
I don't even do it.
Come on.
No?
What do you think?
Little music might do it, you think?
How about some polka music?
No?
No.
Come on.
Come on, Terry.
You can do it, baby.
You don't need that silly-
Cheshire!
No.
U.S. military command in Iraq has blocked two attendants policemen from examining that car, which an attendant intelligence agent was shot to-
in Baghdad in his paper said yesterday,
Coriada del Asera.
Why sure like the way I said that?
I'm not going to try it again.
That sound like I really knew my Italian.
You think it pretty well.
Coriada del Asera said the policemen were about to leave when the Italian embassy in Baghdad.
See, you have to say like, they're there.
There's certain sounds.
They make each mouth.
See, they do it to that.
You know what I'm saying?
No way.
But can the godfather-
Anyway, the policemen were about to leave when the Italian embassy in Baghdad received an order from the U.S. command on Monday to abort the mission for security concerns.
The embassy in Baghdad reportedly alerted Roma authorities who called off the trip.
The car ate to it at Corola's reportedly still-American hands at Baghdad Airport where it was originally rented.
The foreign ministry in Rome declined comment on the report while officials at the Italian embassy in Baghdad could not be reached for comment.
Italian authorities say that examining the vehicle is key to assessing what happened on March 4.
When U.S. troops opened fire on the car carrying secret overseas in the Colo Calapati,
another intelligence officer and journalist Juliana Sardina, who just been released after a month of captivity in Iraq.
Calapari died on the spot while the other two were wounded.
Prosecutors investigating the shooting received photos of the car that they want to analyze bullet holes other elements according to Coriari, De La Salla.
Calapari's killing outrage Italians prompted Premier Silvio Berlusconi, the world's second biggest prognest to W,
to demand that Washington provide an explanation.
Italy agrees that the shooting was the next and but it dispute some key elements of the U.S. account.
And a partridge in a piratri. And you never got to get the truth out of us.
Like Howard Beale said, remember that? You never got to get the truth out of us?
Or you didn't see network? Have you- I'm not even going to ask.
Let's move right along. It's Tweedledee and Tweedledum.
How's that ice cream coming by the way? Is it an area?
No, nobody brought ice cream. That Tony's came by with a pizza.
Oh, and that's good. Brad hooked it up.
Right, pepperoni ice cream? Nothing wrong with that.
Nothing wrong with sticking little pepperoni in your ice cream.
Now, what's the story? So are you getting some tomorrow from that guy to call before?
Is that too far? What's the deal?
I don't know. I'm going to call him tomorrow.
Well, what did he say? He spoke to him. I'm assuming he said, yeah, he said he's going to talk to his manager
and see if he can do something. He will.
Well, it would be nice. He was your engineer.
He went about big bad luck man. Give him a real ice plug.
And I send off there. I said, that's what I said.
Could you tell him that for free food will lie like crazy. Even if it's not all that good, we'll say,
oh man, this stuff is fantastic. It's great. Lonely?
Oh, sure.
You bet. We're easy.
What's your favorite ice cream is our full question today at the end of a week of
just gastronomical insanity, just food, food, manja, manja, manja, just crazy all week long.
Italian food, pizza, steak houses, and today ice cream, gelato, gelato, misto.
You ever have real Italian gelato? Of course you didn't.
Yes.
You did? Where'd you have that?
In Pennsylvania.
No!
Oh, my sides hurt from all of this today. I just can't handle it.
It is a panic. Real, I tried it ice cream in Pennsylvania.
And a gelato, real, was that it? In place that pretended to sell gelato?
Correct.
Probably run by a bunch of Greeks.
Or could have been, you know, could have a greener up there.
What?
What?
That a greener up there.
Oh yeah, I know that. How about one of those fillets, cheese steaks, huh?
Oh, wonderful.
Mm, yummy.
Not as good as those grinders that we're talking about the other day.
Those grinders from New England. Oh, man, those big hoes.
How was it?
Velo Slider Summer Camp. I was 16 years old. I mean, it's 100 years ago.
Fourth Lake, inlet, New York. Summer Camp.
And we used to like walk into town about a mile or two away from the camp.
And it was a hoey shop there that had these fantastic big hoes.
Oh, just to die for. Unbelievable. The kind of stuff you...
And the same in Boston too, they had fantastic. I remember if they called them hoes or grinders.
I've never heard of grinders.
We called them great. They were fantastic.
Big, thick, with like all kinds of good ingredients and all kinds of mixed cold cuts.
And capacola and all the stuff.
Hey, don't choke up there.
Yeah, I am. I'm ganging up on it.
I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M.
What a drag the press is out of control.
Baseball's different today. I just heard the AP say.
Home of speech. It's left and right. It's such a thrill.
Then the AP finds a pill and the spew to require skill.
It's another satellite shelter called the choir's little helper.
They saw simpler and today I heard ESD and say.
The choir hits another one to take the lead.
But with all those fine to me, do one do this kind of thing.
They invade the carnal shelter, looking cold with wires.
And the
house is out of control.
Baseball finally has it's day and day beyond off.
Right.
OAP.
No more of these.
The lost adult is big.
No more.
What a drag the presses out of control.
Yeah, he sure component himself very well before that congressional committee last week.
I'm gonna stick about it.
We're not talking about the past.
We're not here to talk about yesterday.
Whatever it takes and all these things.
Right.
And let me out of here please.
So I can go, uh, polish my complexion up a little bit.
Well, he's looking.
You never see his neck.
He's got more holes in his neck than the piece of Swiss cheese.
Maybe once, maybe now they have nothing to do with that thing anymore.
They can put that in Markman-guarra's neck.
You think? Can't hurt.
He has to look like a speckle.
What's your favorite ice cream that's our poll today?
We got 800 plus votes.
Ben and Jerry's fish food is hanging on tenaciously.
Thank the Lord.
Deal, come on.
137 votes.
That may be in fact a bush ever finds out if your fat ass governor finds out how good that is.
He'll confiscate it all for himself and his for renegade family.
And they're why I make it illegal to eat it in the rest of the state.
Do you think?
Wait, just Ben and Jerry as a whole.
Probably.
I just confiscated all for his outlaw family up there in Tallahassee.
Including Noel.
She's probably hooked on it.
Ben and Jerry's fish food 137 vanilla, 121.
That is just, I mean, outrageous chocolate 60.
Ben and Jerry's to regarcy 51.
Butter pecan 43.
Ben and Jerry's New York Super Fudge chunk 40.
Cookie dough 40.
Rocky road 40.
Well, at least Rocky road find a good even with cookie dough.
Pistagio 28.
Togandaz Dulce de Laché 27.
Binkri but.
Heathbar Crunch 24.
Strawberry 23.
Rum raisin 20.
Cookies and cream 19.
Coffee 18.
Friars Oreo 14.
Ben and Jerry's coffee topic, Quence only 14.
You people, man, are just missing a boat.
Fuck, it's a day.
There is something really, really rotten in Denmark.
Coffee, coffee, coffee, Quence is only up 14.
Are you guys never tried it?
No.
I have not.
I'm going to tell you it's right up there with fish food.
I don't care what anybody says.
It is right up there.
It's in the same astronomical way above the rest of the world kind of level.
It's up there.
Well then you need to bring all this ice cream in April.
E.E. chocolate peanut butter 11.
I hate ice cream.
10 people said that.
I hate ice cream.
10.
You know anybody who hates ice cream?
No.
Only our crowd.
Cold stone cake batter ice cream.
What that sounds.
Mmm.
Nine.
Ben and Jerry's half fake nine.
Ben and Jerry's everything but the.
Eight.
Nestle's turtle eight.
That is so good.
Neopoldent and seven.
Premenence and cream is very good.
Two six.
Starbucks mug five five.
Carmel suit for five.
Ben and Jerry's.
Friars score four.
That's the winner.
Friars score.
Ben and Jerry's chocolate therapies that appear.
Strawberry cheesecake too.
Ben and Jerry's.
Chubby.
Hubby one.
Published turtle has one.
And none.
Ben and Jerry's concession obsession.
We had all that dialogue about it.
And you looked it up and as it is.
But it beat.
But it will.
It's like concession stand ice cream.
And so far it's got the big.
And E.E.
Coney.
Allen's also got none.
There's another.
What is a dream?
Dream world.
Dream.
When you look at the points in the freezer in the supermarket.
Next to the Ben and Jerry's.
There's all these designer flavors.
Now dream something.
Isn't it?
Do you sit there for hours in front of those doors at the supermarket?
First of all, I don't take a chair.
I want to go to the supermarket.
So unless I'm on the floor or be kind of hard to be sitting there.
No.
Sure.
When you're looking for something good.
Okay.
I don't want to get too specific the way things are these days.
When you're looking for something really good.
You know when you found it.
You can't find drift.
When you see it.
You know it.
Okay.
And so when you go to the supermarket and you open up and you're looking maybe
for Ben and Jerry's fish food.
Just an example.
And you say, hey wait a minute.
Here's a whole new line of these RC4C designer flavors.
And they're always R.
You see, you're so pedestrian with your duality, the Lachey.
And don't spill it on your flyabarra, by the way.
No.
Always make sure the excess runs off into the.
Cheat.
Right.
5667.0560.
The pound 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Try to open up some new avenues for you.
Okay.
See, like try some new things.
Try some new things like Ben and Jerry's coffee, coffee, crunch.
If you don't like that, man, your taste is laid out of chapter your turn now.
I want to try that.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The name of the ice cream is Dreamy.
That said, thank you.
Excellent.
It's pretty.
That's it.
Okay.
Thanks.
Dreamy.
See, I told you it was like dream works, but then that's movies.
You know.
Maybe they'll make a movie about Ben and Jerry's.
You think?
It'd be dreamy.
Pretty good stuff, man.
Couple of good liberal guys there from Vermont.
Boy, what a great state that must be.
I think I drove through Vermont one time real fast.
But I don't think I ever like to stay there for like, nah, I never did.
New Hampshire.
I've been in Salem, New Hampshire, rocking Amperek back in the day.
I've never been in New Hampshire.
Yeah, sure.
I've never been at the Arnie Warren's Adventure Car Hop in August, Mance.
You've never been to New England, right?
I have not.
Either one of you have never been to New England.
Yes.
And you know something about the founding of our great country, what used to be great country.
You know something about Paul Revere's house in Boston?
No.
I actually thought it.
Quincy Market.
Yeah, but have you been inside of it?
Have you been in front of it?
Have you been there at a Quincy Market?
I've been in all of Market Street.
Yeah, right.
I did.
Market Street.
Yeah.
Tell us what you're talking about.
And Philly.
I just want to know how you're here.
I'm Market Street.
So I'm Washington Avenue.
How are you talking about?
I don't know what Avenue is on over there.
You would know Tremont Street if they stuck it in your...
Right.
...the Fenway Park.
Boston's a great city.
Well, that's great.
And that's excellent, okay?
You've been to Fenway Park.
I've been there many, many times.
Many, many, many times.
And...
Door around B.C.
Yeah, and that's good.
You go on the...
What tells that...
Highway?
That horrible highway.
The Mystic River Bridge.
You haven't been on the Mystic River Bridge.
Good.
Don't do it.
Now, you talk about the worst driving in the world,
at least in the U.S., not in the world.
The worst driving ever, as soon as in Rome.
But the worst driving in the U.S.
is in Boston, man.
Oh.
Wow.
You can't complain.
You think the driving in Southern...
See, the driving itself load is bad and aggravating.
But in Boston, it's much more bad than aggravating.
It's just...
It's like Chicago food bad.
It's like demolition, Derby.
Yes, Chicago is pretty dangerous.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
I've got a couple more, but I'm not going to read anymore,
because Miguel has really been out of shape
and since it's almost the end of our week here, you know.
Why do I want...
Oh, well, mention, because it is big news,
a year after her first reported stay in rehab,
Whitney Houston's again...
Again, she acted in a way.
We have facilities.
Oh, my God.
That was the honestest shocking,
is Bobby Brown checking back in.
Just take her to the body already.
Whitney, in fact, that wouldn't be surprised if Bobby Brown calls Derby.
Whitney's in that big talk show in the sky for that guy called before.
Hey, Derby, it's Bobby calling checking in.
And now Whitney's checking in.
Nice to meet Chubby checking in.
Whitney Houston is in a rehab facility today
where publicist Nancy Celtser told the APS today
she declined to provide details.
Now you've seen the Pepsi, the...
The Pepsi of his most spots, haven't you?
Yeah.
Where the dancing around there, holding the puking
and the holding there...
You've seen that?
Yes.
The stomach.
That's got to be one of the greatest spots.
I just like almost pee in my pants.
George has never seen that.
And he's also never seen the purple-tented
Christie Ali spot.
Cos Annie, he's never seen that.
Maybe this past week he got the pleasure of watching more TV.
Oh, you have got to see that.
Can I see me?
Am I the teeny?
I can't see me.
I can't see you.
I can't see you.
She's squealing.
She is squealing.
And of course, what does the pig do?
High up to the party.
That's that baby.
Squeal like a pig.
You are listening to Neil Runchers.
You can barely relate.
I'll make it.
I'm all on it.
Big...
Just a baby.
I can't make her hear it.
Just go in.
Oh baby.
You can go downstairs.
Oh, I do it.
Squeal like a pig.
You're my soul.
I can't believe that she was salient.
You failed.
My head just told me not to change.
Oh baby.
Don't ask that I keep on it's getting.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I can't believe that she was salient.
I know what that is.
I know what that is.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me again.
And somebody found really bad.
That was that was awesome ice cream that was gourmet ice cream that was as good as it gets out of business
Yeah, I think you lasted a year
See what I'm saying so this guy you better do a good job for this guy that's coming tomorrow with six 16 courts of ice cream or whatever
10-half gallons
We'll have to see
Well, if he's smart, he'll come in because otherwise he's gonna be
Kind of like Terry, you know belly up without the shoe
I see what the guys are right. We have to stop doing that thing with that shoe
Don't you think no, no, let's talk to the applicator to that one because then least they know what that one's all about not just
You think it's important. I'm gonna tell you if you can't have a few chuckles about the whole thing whether there is even
Those a tragic terrible story. I mean you go crazy because they're trying to grab us all nuts over this like we have to care about that
We have to care about steroids and baseball. We have to care about Terry Shivoh
We have to care about stuff that we couldn't give a flying crab bless about and in the meantime while the grave robbers are killing
All kind of innocent people. We're not supposed to care about that
560
Hey
What are you doing? What do you say?
You are
You
You're so sweet, that's yellow and so red.
I can't do that.
You're so sweet.
If I were the one I wouldn't praise you.
You're fair.
If you're a cow, please, and I.
It's my dream that I won't give you.
I just want to know if you can owe me five dollars.
No.
Don't, don't, don't.
I can't find a way.
Now you're just not still waiting.
You know my cash don't come easy.
That's why I can't tolerate unzesting for long.
So not that you'll pay me back.
I ain't no chase man at me.
Not one to control others being a dead star.
I can't bear you in a pot of hot water man.
You just, I want out that hot cup with a five dollars in.
I can't bear you.
That's that.
Oh yeah, and I can't stand you.
The door is door is door.
I can't bear you.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Bye bye bye.
