I'm dying out there
I'm dying out there
Miami has a dolphin so the worst football team
There are every gamblers right there
There are every four keystreams here
They dance for any touchdowns
Not even one field goal
And when you say Miami you're so fucking toilet-folders
There are Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams do we believe that it's you?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Go fed on them you'll always lose
But dolphins can't eat anyone can't even beat the spread
I wish that Vince Lambert could come back from the dead
Nick Sabin makes them practice while he wears that stupid hat
Till end up like their last pet coach
That loser day wants that
And they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams do we believe that it's you?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I missed our chula how about you?
That's what I'm saying
That's what I'm saying
Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal stripes
They're tight and like so we're got by beating up his wife
Half the team are criminals, the other half sun drugs
And this is what will happen when you draft up bunch of bugs
And they're the Miami dolphins
Oh Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
They really are a motley crew
But dolphins have no walking
They've got no passing games
I've got just one suggestion
They ought to change their name
Do the Miami tampons
And why do such a thing
They're good for just one theory
And have no second string
And they're the Miami dolphins
Oh right
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the league?
I'm the two
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Again the fans begin to boo
You suck
But dolphins have no balls
Except the ones they're playing with
I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it
It doesn't matter
It's been ever has another token
It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up
So can they're up?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
What the hell 32?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Now they're through
I'm down here
You know 1037 at 560 WQM
Happy Monday to you
Bad news from Iraq again
Why don't you ever read the good news from Iraq?
Can't find any
Although freedom's on the march
And that direction over the weekend was just fantastic man
Was fantastical
And it looks like the draft of the constitution has been like
Passed with flying colors
And if not they'll stuff a bunch of paper ballots in there
Make sure because these are experts at fixing elections
Can you see I've noticed?
Yeah
That's one of the great areas of expertise
Let's see, oh look at that
Oh yeah, in the internet we got 180 dropouts on there
And what is that all about?
Because it says I guess by now you know the internet isn't working
It's working now, it says it's up
But it's 180 dropouts in a half an hour
How's that possible?
That's like after a word like that
Anyway, maybe it's fish now
You chat with Eric about it the little chat room they're not
Uh, no
No, well why not?
Now that's right it's only Monday
Let's not worry about such things
It says cash money is the currency standard of Yeehaw
Beverly Hill believes in green ather's
Really?
Yeehaw
That's why when I was taken aback
My man who's supposed to be the leader of the free world
El Presidente of the United States of America
Which once upon a time boys and girls
Was the greatest country on the face of the earth
And at least so we say
And now all of a sudden we got a guy who's here
We're giving him cash money, cash money
You know that's a whole group of rappers
What?
It's like a rap group
The cash money, they're not
I don't think that's what he was talking about
I'm just saying
He doesn't impress me as being a rapper kind of a guy
You know, I could be wrong about that but I have serious doubts
He's a cash money millionaire
He is a cash money kind of guy
He likes that cash money for the oil
I'll tell you that already
Didn't do too early in the oil business even though his Saudi buddies tried to bail his ass out
But nevertheless
At least he's consistent though and he's failed today
Every endeavor in his life from oil business to baseball to a politics
They did they did steal through oceans for him
But he's still a failure would be an understatement
The complement for his performance
Anyway, a senior British military police officer in Iraq
Involved in the investigation of alleged abuse of a record of evidence by soldiers
Have been found dead and a camp in Basra
Oh my god
But he liked that
Huh, cool
So that's the body of captain
And wait until you hear this the reason for death
The body of captain Ken Masters, the commander of 61 section of these special investigators and investigations branched S.I.B.
Or that S.O.B.
Was found in his bed at the airport this weekend
The death is being investigated by some S.O.B.
Defense sources said the death was now listen to this
The death was not due to hostile action also not due to natural causes
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
How?
Some words in the death
However, it is believed investigators have not found any suicide note
Nor firearms related to the incident
Captain Masters was not receiving any medical or psychological treatment
But I think he just died
It wasn't happened
It wasn't due to hostile action not due to natural causes or suicide
Well, maybe I'm missing something here
Maybe God just called his spiritual
Friends and colleagues of captain Masters was married with two children
Said his death has come as a total surprise after he was found
His body was found on Saturday evening
A siren sounded over Basra camp
Flares were fired in the air and all military personnel were confined to barracks
Despite being of middle-ranked captain Masters was in charge of all serious incidents involving the British military in Iraq
It wasn't immediately known which particular incident he had been personally involved investigating
The British military however is looking to several dozen cases
Several dozen
It was not because of natural causes
It wasn't become of hostile action, it wasn't a suicide, no gun, no way
He just made me just had a bad B.M. or something
It was his time
Maybe the Lord is one of these things that's going on
We got your hurricanes and mudslides and flooding in New England and Guatemala and New York and all over the place
The tsunami last year
Earthquakes in Pakistan and Kashmir
Is not what they say there over there, the Indians Kashmir and Tophis
And the bird flu of course is right on the horizon out there
If you're not panicking about that, go ahead and have a good time
Of course we don't have any
We don't have any of our communities
We don't have one human being as a contracted bird flu from another human being yet
But in the meantime, but it would be better
Another way to keep the entire world on pins and needles
Remember that song, pins and needles by...
Wasn't that needles and pins by the searchers?
That's it
Needles and pinsah, which I think had some of the...
It's the Opinza I remember
That's how they say it
That's how they say it
That's how they say it
Needles and pinsah, which I found very very Italian
Which is strange because they were brits
452 votes
What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters
All of these terrible things that are going on in the world
He gets disgusted and pissed off
He has bad aims sometimes, but sooner or later, like the grassroots said, sooner or later he's going to get you
The end-bays are near 23, so all of you, he's in masters
And all of you, Jew, is better except Jesus, or are going to give you what for
We love Israel, but you're going to get it
It's the Gaysfall 22, like everything else
It's so vague
And who gives a crap 17?
452 votes, in about 40 minutes, Josh Cornish is extrapolating that
He's thinking we're going to make a thousand again today
I don't think I know
Well, how do you like that?
Do you think you know what?
Got them votes, buddy
I'll tell you one thing, you better give George the cause of about 135 bucks if you want that passport
If you want him to take you with you to Amsterdam
Anyway, before I do the break, the funniest person on the face of the earth, I told us to George
And you didn't disagree with me either
No, no, it's a bomb
And he's not known as a comedian
I don't think this is my opinion, I think this is a fact
The funniest living person in the world today is Al Goldstein
Now he's still
I'm a fat Jew
He's got his issues as they say
This is Neil Wright
This is 5.62 AF
Pramah, I'm a fat patient
That's a good name
Welcome
Oh, right
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
149, 114, 115, 16 WQAM
Little more on news from Iraq and none of it seems to be very good
US warplanes and helicopters bomb two villages near the rest of city of Ramadi
Don't you love that word restive?
Was it?
Not anymore I guess
Kill him and estimated 70 militants, the military said yesterday
Though witnesses said at least 39 of those 70 dead were civilians
Oh, more of that pain in the escalator will damage over there again
Those people got out of the way for crying out loud
We got bombs to drop, we got people to kill
Because after all, it's not the main goal of this whole mission over there
It's not to bring democracy or crap like that
I think even your president would, you know, if a push game to shove
Would probably admit we're there to kill some people
That's it
Heaps of them
Anyway, I want to get, oh look at that we got a couple of calls coming in
I had my own agenda, I got a great poll for tomorrow that I was inspired by one of our commercials
Yeah, I'm not going to, no I'm not going to tell you what it is
Okay, I'm going to be calling in about it
But you like it, we've never done it before either
Wow
The spot was and had the happy days theme on it
There was a good theme
Yes, yes it was
There was a good theme and the only problem is the show sucked
I mean, really, really good
The characters on it were just obnoxious and disgusting
Yeah
Oh, he gives me spiel keys man, that's Henry Winkler
I mean, she, I'm sorry, hey Henry
You're fair
Yeah, she's another one
I bet a lot of money on it
WBQAM, hello
First call back from vacation, it ought to be fantastic, hello
Yes, Mr. Warrant
Yeah, okay, and it was
A different pony boy, a slightly different pitch
WBQAM, hello
Sit well
Okay, so we're two for two on that
Like I said, I wanted to hear from some of these Julios outfit that you insist listening to
Thanks to our close personal friend Fatboy
Got us the numbers from the spring book, the Hispanic numbers
Because I've been asking for these for weeks and weeks
Did Duff come up with these?
Did Maddie Bell help us out?
No
Did Clarence don't have time for us because what do we got to do with sports?
I will say this for Duff, I can't say much, but I will say this
He's our only hope in that building, anyone in the why?
No, I don't want
No, not that
Oh, why?
No, it's because he's not a sports nerd
Well, that's what I was thinking
I see, I thought you were thinking of something else
Yeah, but at any rate, no seriously, he's the only hope we got
Because he realizes the importance of this show on the radio station
And it's supposed to other people who figure that were like a necessary evil
I guess is the best way they would put up with us
Like Clarence, you know
How about doing this for sure today? Come on, you can do this for sure
Then come on, you can do it
That kind of crap
And anyway, here's our Hispanic numbers from back in the spring book
The fall book by the summer book, Summer Fall Winter Spring
Remember her from Mahavir Nudy?
Yes
The Summer Fall Winter Spring
And Dayton Allen
I'm actually a book of Brian remembers all of that
She would think you know
It's good to be old, even though you're going to die much sooner than the young people
But nevertheless, you never know that kind of thing in Iraq
He just up and died
For hate
Wasn't natural causes, wasn't moral natural
He died?
No
It was unnatural
Anyway, we're number five in men
Men 2554, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in Hispanic now
That's not just Cuban, by the way
You don't get all whipped up with that Cuban stuff
Are you Cuban haters out there?
It's Nicaragua, is it 100, is it El Salvadorans and Brazilians and people from La Rea
Publicity, Dominican, and we're my leaving out
Mexico?
I think we got in the Mexican Columbia
Colombians?
Oh yeah, yeah
But I believe it's a George to bring in the Colombians and Bolivians and Uraguans and the
Argentinians
Or what?
Oh, and an Argentinian meatman, I'm telling you
Warner Clemperer said it was the best
Oh, that's another thing I saw in biography was the Bob Crane story
Oh, that was really strange
Oh yeah
But I was so enjoy it before I get to these numbers I was so enjoy it before the show Saturday
Which was the El Goldstein comment
They had the, which I love the biography channel
I hate the Irish
They had the Larry Flip biography on there
Well you talk about a guy that was just I mean even that the
Eversy Bob Gucci only speak
Yeah, yeah
Takes himself very importantly and talks like like a real
And an intellectual pornographer something like that you know Mr. Penhouse
Yeah, exactly
But even he when they have heard it came down to the US they they acquitted everybody else
And that last trial they threw Larry Flip and Jail trying for like I forget a thousand years
And it was only inter for six days
But they just railroaded his ass and the same thing with our friend Al
You know this is all the pornographers in America sooner later they get them
And they sent him like records Island
That's a big club you want wherever else
So they had clips on there from a guy named Rudy Maxa
Who if anybody else out there and probably the only person in North America watches the show
It's a good show
It's called Europe Travels or something like that with Rudy Maxa
And it's like a travel show on PBS United
It used to be at 7th or 8th of clock
And they should with different cities Amsterdam and Paris and Rome and Florence and whatever
So Rudy Maxa who comes on air like this real intellectual because he's on PBS
I know he's over there being a pervert you know just like me
And the proof is that he was good friends with Larry Flint
So he's on air a lot clips on this biography and the other person on air is Al Goldstein
And having known Al for years and years and years
Who of course we know what he does
You're looking for glory hole
You take it for granted when you know somebody
But we haven't seen him in a long time and he's gone through all the hell that he's gone through
And he's got only knows what soup kitchen he's hanging out at today
He's hysterical everything he says it's the voice
It's the way he says it's the sarcasm
It's the absolute holding nothing back
It's just great
He can't help it he couldn't hold it back if he tried
Yeah I mean he's not a problem person
Here at 2am we view Al as a problem person but nevertheless
He's just funny as hell
Oh yeah he's a panic
Although he does worth him a little bit to be around but nevertheless
He nice job there Al we're praying for you
I wonder what he ate on young Kipper
No actually we really like to see him again because he
Because by necessity he went on a starvation diet because he had to
And I guess he lost about like 7000 pounds something like that
It's like walk around by a mini-mouse
It's like carrying carpenter on a bad day
And we were in maybe Kate Moss
So he's slimmed down, slim and trim
That's what records are in a little video
Anyway those Hispanic numbers this is some shocking information which I think I'll say for after the break
We got 517 votes in the first hour on the pool
How do you like that, Chi?
You like your record today?
You think?
Maybe?
During the show I think we did over 111 day a couple of weeks ago
What was George doing during the show on your famous pools?
How much?
About 30
Come on George
35 votes not bad
30 man
I think Greg had a point
This is Neil Rogers
Hey Greg, you're here with this 516 QA
This is the Neil Rogers show
Two people think George this is your brain
Go go go go go go
Any questions?
I got a 40-second try
It is just simply so deeply
That was love y'all
It's Russell Seymour
Welcome to their poetry
Today, I'll put Seva's head to head match up
Luporigno, the Smiley Madlin
You're the thing with your shadow
Madlin
You're the thing with your shadow
You're the thing with your shadow
You're the thing with your shadow
You're the thing with your shadow
Madlin
You're the thing with your shadow
you're the thing with your shadow
Madlin
Hey Greg
Good morning, America faces the grey threat
Someday,η stability, κα
Our government is doing everything in its power
to confront and defeat that threat
We're expanding in strengthen the terrorism
These efforts are paying off
We've established the terrorists
from the mountains of central Asia
to the deserts of the Middle East
and the Horn of Africa to the Philippines
There is more to do.
In the next several months, suicide bombings, the headings, and other horrific acts can and
should be accelerated and we're working toward that goal.
We're doing everything in our power to invite disaster and by staying focused and determined,
we will prevail.
Thank you for listening.
Great job, WN.
He's doing it.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'60 WQM on a fantastic Monday.
The sunny shine is going to be 61 degrees here today.
How do you like that?
Are you impressed?
That's nice.
It's looking be dubious.
It looks like this morning.
I mean, you know, acceptable that is.
By the way, Ted Kennedy is discovered that it's a good idea to help people under drowning.
Better late than ever, Teddy.
I like Ted Kennedy a lot.
We love Ted Kennedy on the show, but Marie Jockepectney probably would have appreciated
the interest that he showed over the weekend.
It was a lot of these things.
Ted Kennedy was enjoying a relaxing morning yesterday at his family's compound when he looked
out his window by 11 o'clock and saw six fishermen in distress stranded along a breakwater
with the wind whipping and coming tides swirling around the fishermen.
Kennedy called 911 and reported the situation.
Concerned for the men, the Senator boarded a small boat to try to rescue them, but rescue
crews met him at the scene.
I asked Farc kept and Craig Ferrinkov said this.
Kennedy then waited on the shore to make sure the men were safe.
The fishermen in their mid 20s were treated at the scene for minor hypothermia and release
Ferrinkov said.
Then they all probably got invited over to Teddy's for a brew or two.
What do you think?
And some chowda.
Maybe some chowda would be good.
I see we're not getting any more dropouts so I guess Eric doesn't have to like confedulate
about that.
I guess you get the load on on that or not.
He said earlier that we were out and dropping out and we told the people here and they
said, eh don't bother us.
Why are you talking to us?
Why are you talking to us?
Why are you bothering us?
What do you people have to do with sports with games?
What's wrong with you people?
What do you got to do with ball games?
See people as much as I love a lot of sports, people whose lives are just their whole life
is ball games.
They need to be exterminated.
Just when a doubt take them out like Pat Robertson would say, take them out.
Like Harry Carey would say, take them out to the ball game.
Something like that.
544 votes at 11.02 it is shocking.
It's true.
See?
Yeah.
Even Diane Feinstein agrees.
Hey Diane.
You're fairy.
544 votes.
What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters in the world?
So Schmidt happens 190.
That seems like a logical thing.
Crap happens baby.
That's the nature of the world.
Global warming 148.
And there she is.
There's Harriet Myers.
See the celebration of mediocrity is epitomized by.
In fact, that'll be a good poll for later in a week.
George W. Bush.
That's the he's the epitome of mediocrity.
Harry and Myers.
Downtown Brownie Brown.
All of these people.
544 votes.
We're paying for the sins of Bush 94.
God is pissed off 34.
The Lord is wrath waxes hot baby.
Can't you feel it?
Especially like in the middle of July, like right there in a hellendale beach.
It feel the wrath of God waxing hot and all those old Jews.
Hot wax.
It's the Gaysfall 28.
Like everything else.
You're fairy.
The end days are near 25.
And who cares 24?
The end days are near.
That's what they're saying now.
Miss Robertson, she was on there again a couple of days ago, ranting and raving.
This is the same guy that said, let's assassinate Hugo Chavez.
And the media still put him on here because the media are a bunch of crazy people.
Last night on that fantastic show, which I would give you your left nut if they would
just put that show on American TV.
You can have them in the boy from CBC.
And it was about the way the media covered the war in Vietnam and then the way that they
started manipulating the media and the Pentagon would never let it happen again.
And the Iraq war won and now of course the Korea-Rak attack.
And it's just the scariest hell.
It's terrifying when you see the truth.
Anybody that tries to tell the truth, well guess what?
Just like that British intelligence officer in Bajra, a bank all of a sudden.
Maybe they gave him like Marilyn Monroe.
Hey, look, we have a little animal.
We have a little animal.
Racko.
Yeah.
Right?
It's hard to trace because when somebody dies, who's going to look inside the animal?
Racko.
Anyway, here's the spring numbers from Hispanics in South Florida.
Number five.
Number one is WAMRFM.
A radio one more.
This is among men 25 to 54.
Not all you old Julio's out there with your green teeth in Domino Park.
We're listening to Radio Mom B all that.
Oh, it's me down.
Go to hell.
I crap.
We're second-tiered to that crap.
OK.
Get with it.
Get with the program.
Get involved in America like me.
I mean, like in Canada.
Radio Al-Mor is number one.
I got let's see.
What's the share here?
Do we have a share?
It's nice to share.
Not sure.
There is no.
I don't quite rating.
In fact, every year rating is 2.1%.
I don't know what that means.
Because these aren't shares.
At any rate, CMQFM has got a two point.
Oh.
Oh.
Let's speak it out.
You better get used to that, Joel Feinberg.
Because Friday, when a summer book comes out,
you're going to see a lot of that number.
Oh.
Point.
Yeah.
Talking about a man, it's just pissing daddy's money down the toilet.
Who are you kidding?
Oh, but we got, we're not in a broadcasting business.
We're more interested in marketing.
There was one of the great quotes of all time.
Maybe they do a better marketing.
Although I understand that the only reason Joe's got so many spots and issues,
because that's the only way they can sell on it at stations.
So he's got all spots radio, which remember how he used to scream.
And rightfully so about the way they put you up the format on the worst theme.
Remember that?
Sure.
And how they hit all his spots in there.
I wonder how poor Joe feels now there.
There's the guy that has gotten used and abused.
No wonder he cusses out Joel Feinberg all the time.
No wonder they're always in that cat fight over there.
CMQFM is number two.
They got it and tied with the WXDJ.
Also with the two point.
Oh.
I don't know what that is WXDJ to you.
No.
WBGG, big 1.6.
What is that?
Big my ass.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
QAM right on there.
And it's 1.4%.
That's us.
We're number five among Julios.
Now again, this is like everybody.
All of Julios, no spigot English.
Life, then coast, then love 94 and then radio smegma.
I mean after that it's really like small potatoes.
See, I don't understand this.
You know, this only adds up to 24%.
Well, I don't get it.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I guess the rest of the audience is something else?
No, no, no.
I don't know what that.
Oh, maybe 24% of the whole audience,
so the South Florida audiences is Hispanic.
Maybe that I don't know what it means.
Radio Romanceia is way down there with radio,
written more wacky.
See, 0.7% of the men because only men over the age of 100
listen to radio, mom, all the domino playing,
fiddle screamers and other screamers.
HDR, which I have no idea what that is.
That's a new FM.
Well, which one did that used to be?
Who the hell can keep track the way that they keep
Germany stations around?
I sure is only HDR.
That's the isn't that the one I used to be.
This go party for now.
That's the rock station.
93.
Yeah, that's it.
IOD is way down there, which includes rush.
How do you like that?
That includes rush from the noon to two hours.
We kicked his assing them on Julios 1.4 to a
12.6% more than 2 to 1.
A 0.6.
How do you like that rush?
And who's that Nazi they got on before him?
That Tampa, a clown.
Glenn, Glenn, Glenn,
oh yeah.
The torture or the torture.
Yeah, the one who wants to torture everybody.
In fact, maybe he can look with our attorney general.
Mm-hmm.
Why 100 magic power way down there?
0.6.5.
Radio Swabe, which nobody knows what they're like.
I.N.Z.
That's air America 0.3 and QBA 0.3.
Wow, time for like number 20.
So there you go.
I guess all thanks, fat boy.
Head boys make a little bit of a comeback.
Not much, but a little bit.
There is a hurricane.
Willie is that hurricane wet Willie.
It's likely become a hurricane.
Oh, no.
That's bad news.
It's not in the arrest though.
It's right down there in your.
South of what is that central America?
Right.
I got to be honest with that.
I need to refresh a course of my geography
because I don't know from central America no more.
You know, once upon a time, in fact, I don't even know what
happened to countries in the world.
Our name didn't anymore.
You know, when you see my N.R. which used to be Burma, of course,
what was wrong?
What was wrong with Burma?
Huh?
Is there something wrong with Burma?
No.
Oh, I see it's Honduras and Nicaragua.
Nicaragua.
It's about like a side of what's a Nicaragua.
Nicaragua.
I sure miss those days, man.
When we used to have all his professional Julios on here,
including Ana Squeek with a big ass.
Right.
Don't keep Curry said, man, she was a hell of a piece.
What?
I can't see it on here.
Oh, look at that.
And now it's on a way to Cancun again, man.
If you look at Mexicans, can't catch a break.
Looking further.
Oh, no.
And now, oh, no.
You see something I think that Pat Robertson and I think Franklin
Graham had his thumb right on it.
God has really pissed off with those.
Yeah, you fight against.
He's after New Orleans again.
Remember what he just saw them in Gamora?
He saw them.
110 mile an hour, category two by eight o'clock Saturday morning.
And it's invented on a past.
Some of the bringing note over towards the Texas area.
So there's still a lot of uncertainty.
Yeah, but they we know they got it right now.
I had it straight for an Orleans again.
I'll be dang, man.
They're going to need a lot of cash money.
You know what?
In Orleans, tag net.
It dug Thompson from the Capitol Hill Blue website,
which you're just finally warmed up to a little bit.
Because you're just slow.
You know, he's a hard ass.
That's right.
But he writes the rant.
It's a, in fact, I know it is even smirking chimps using this
condo.
They because they're so impressed by it.
And rightfully so, okay.
Smirking chimp my ass.
And any American rights dog Thompson,
the founder and publisher of Capitol Hill Blue dot com,
which you people ought to be reading every single day.
You ought to be reading near Rogers dot com.
Read those stories every day and reach your brain.
Learn something.
Okay.
Find out more than just a stupid propaganda.
That's past audio by people from the networks.
Boy, did they do a job on that CBC and that.
Show last night at documentary, the passionate eye,
rip in Dan, rather, and Tom Broca and the late Peter Jennings,
a Peter Quetzmog and then Faggot's see Peter found out those
Faggot's okay to late.
Oh, you know, I do love that bit though.
Peter Jennings, what a life.
Oh, I mean, tremendous.
So it calls the Silla Georgia.
Hello.
Hi there.
Hi.
First of all, Larry, I want to thank you for channeling
Mr. Jennings from beyond the great force.
Okay.
Peter, how are things in hell?
Well, it's hard.
I never thought it was going to be anything but hard.
So I guess now you're really a smoker, huh?
Oh, yeah.
I think it goes with the territories with the Taurion.
Oh, camouflage for Peter Jennings.
Hello.
Hey, Peter.
Do you know any dead celebrity joke?
No man.
And if I did, I wouldn't say so.
Well, the city can says hello.
But yeah, Peter, other rumors true is hell really a couple
degree cooler than the center of a McDonald apple pie.
I think the answer is yes.
But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the
country are going to ask today.
Summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings.
Hello.
Hi, gentlemen.
Hi.
Mr. Jennings.
Is there a lean beyond music in hell?
Yes.
And it just happens.
It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour
after end.
Oh, my.
I think that would make my ears bleed.
Oh, many do indeed.
One more call we have on it left.
Downers grow Illinois.
Hello.
Mr. Jennings, what would you like for Christmas?
Sodom Hussein.
Oh, so so down on your wish list.
Yes.
And as the George Bush, George Bush is also a Peter Jennings.
Yeah, thank you.
It's always pretty.
Thanks.
Really nice to see you.
I got news for a man.
If there is a hell of George W, he'll be he'll be there.
Trust me with bills on that reservation.
And they want they don't take cash money there in hell.
You can't get out with cash money.
Plastic 570.
He is 571 votes on that pull man.
We are so impressed.
We're going to have like over 700 by noon.
How do you like that, George?
Court is we might do 45,000 votes during the show today.
Just to just to piss off the old fineberg with her
crosses the street.
Although that'll happen on Friday automatically.
I'm predicting eight.
Oh point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
As far as like infinity.
Oh, and they believe me infinity.
And they're interested in that station.
Oh, I see Jefferson pilot got bought out.
Do you see that?
No, anybody here in any industry news?
No, not me either.
Bottom line.
I guess I'll see that.
Thompson's thing for after they were little teas there.
Okay, keep the isn't it?
I thought I'm going to read a lot of stuff today because we want to give a lot of these
brilliant calls in like those first two we had the first hour.
Those are really special.
This will not be good.
W.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Good morning.
I'm called Neil.
How are you?
Yes sir.
Great.
Yeah, you know what?
There's going to be a big party down here.
Southwest Florida in 2008 when it's crony administration is.
Heist and our gaunt long gone.
Yeah.
And and and the hammer needs to go on a diet to fed you.
Yeah.
And anything else I could think of that.
Yeah, 1113 at 560 WQM when you.
Where do we black baby in this country in your primary would go down?
You heard.
René had me from hell.
I'm Mary Kenny of human.
Now all of a sudden she said something.
That's why I'm talking in my phone.
Because when René walked out and by the law she made the whole world
they come some kind of fruit.
Now people everywhere wonder what she meant by this
a moment don't you like my hair.
It's true that I walked out.
I was disgusted by the cowboy hat.
He always kept on his head.
Now there is no doubt that he's a pony.
I'll pay Alamoni just so I can get out.
Hey Kenny.
You fairly.
Now are we supposed to know who Kenny Chasney is or care about that?
Well, you know, oh, because the rumors were about him and I don't want to mention the quarterback
Peyton Sandy Peyton Manning for the Indianapolis Coast.
Because then Josh will get all upset.
Why is that?
I don't know.
It's your hero isn't it?
Gay they are.
Yeah, that's my hero.
I thought that was you said he's the best quarterback in history of the National Football League
was Sandy Peyton Manning.
Yeah.
Doug Thompson the rant from Capitol Hill Blue says in angry America this nation of art that's right he's not he's no
Brian Greasy.
I'll tell you that.
This nation of ours is in a really bad mood says Doug Thompson.
According to the latest polls only 28% of Americans believe the country is headed in the right direction.
The lowest in a decade and most points of finger are blamed with the occupants of Capitol Hill and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Poles say American anger is in an all time high.
You don't need to pull to figure that out.
Just wander down to the local coffee shop for breakfast and listen to the anger spilling out over the war in Iraq skyrocketing energy prices and the government out of control.
More and more Americans are angry since retired general Wesley Clark Democratic presidential candidate in 2004 who weighed a lot of meals at the deli then.
They're angry about the president's incompetence and his general unwillingness to acknowledge with some humility that he's made some terrible and tragic mistakes regarding the mission in Iraq.
Anger toward the president and government is not limited to Democrats or liberals conservatives and Republicans who are increasing this pleasure on a variety of fronts.
Bush clearly has retreated from the promising made to the country on September 20th 2001.
The night he cleared the war on terror rights conservative commentator Stephen M. Worshawski.
The entire conceptual framework underlying the Bush doctrine has been replaced in just a few short years with a Vietnam era retread.
RIP rest in peace to Bush doctrine some say the anger is long overdue and I would say absolutely correction.
Our company they find itself more bitterly divided than in any time since the war in Vietnam from the party of loyal opposition on down.
We have been what I suspect is a silent majority of the centers but the time for silence is now over writes Jeff Berkens Dean in counter punch.
The silence is ending and the people are going to make their voices heard yet others wonder if the anger comes too late.
In the case of Iraq the American public has failed its soldiers editorializes the Minneapolis star Tribune.
We didn't prevent the Bush administration from spreading their blood in an honest military war based on contrab concerns about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction.
President Bush and those around him lied and the rest of us let him. Harsh yes true also yes.
The angriest goes over another parts of our society domestic violence is on the rise.
If today is a normal day in our country three women will be murdered by husbands or boyfriends tomorrow few more will die.
The next day three again the Arizona Republic editorializes many more will be beaten or raped screamed at or shoved against the wall in the fit of anger by men who say they love them they lie.
According to FBI statistics crimes of violence rose sharply in the last year coinciding with what polls to say is an increase in anger in our society.
We are pissed off and fired up baby and searching for writings about American and American anger I came across these comments right Stark Thompson.
For us to be loyal Americans we can't be random and hypocritical about it for years being American is supposedly meant to be unified as one and supporting equality on all levels from gender to class to race.
The land of the free and the equal seems to be the land of the confused in the phony let's get it together these words come from Brittany Garrett freshman at Murray State University writing in the campus newspaper she continues.
What I'm calling into question is the apparent hypocrisy that existed in American life where angry only when we're allowed to be patriotic when it's popular and are supposedly living under the great American ideals.
When our children see the problems so clearly it's time for all of us to step back and think think as in like a reaser of Franklin would say think remember that's all do you got a cute up there to some more thing.
You have a thing huh about let's hear it you have it.
I know that was quick that was amazing.
It really was.
Altogether.
Even your history knows it's happy to think it on the thinking kept pick off the skull cap pick off that smother from your head and put on a thinking cap and start thinking about these things all of these.
All of these things before it's too late.
Oh look at that.
There's the dumb master.
I can't trust you.
Yeah.
Come push me out of my ass.
614 votes on a pool.
What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters man the world is like spinning around like out of control with the Constitution.
Yeah that's true.
Schmidt happens to 16 but he's going to send him some cash money.
I feel better about that.
OK.
Want me to add some cash money or at least a voucher like maybe a little bit of a bonus from that summer book even though it's only 50% because we don't really care that much about the summer book.
Although I'll tell you certain people in the building cry and wine and awful.
George is killing us.
George is killing us.
He's sabotaged.
Even though he has the highest numbers on a radio stage in which this show always does but nevertheless don't give many credit for that.
Holding up his ass and during the summertime.
No.
Bitch and wine always find a scapegoat.
You know?
I mean when you got a guy like Greg that's made so many in the last four or five years so many unbelievably grotesque egregious errors.
I would say that he's the George Bush of radio which I think is taken into a new level.
Hey Greg.
You better give me a break.
The ferelfy ass go to screw it over a Joe Rose the Mo the Mo.
Oh my god.
And of course the stern business.
Greg has come out with a book 50,000 ways to jeopardize your license in five minutes or less.
Nice go on Greg.
You may not be good at least you're consistent but he sure has a fine eye for the ladies.
614 votes.
What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters?
What happens to 16?
Global warming 166.
We're paying for the sins of Bush 108.
God is pissed off 37.
He is had it.
He is fuck.
Can you believe this hurricane is so what is it?
What will he?
That's going to be.
It's going to be really wet and somebody's getting the willies there in Norway.
He's headed right back out in the gang.
Willie.
And this proves why I have told you.
Nobody else would tell you there's only a big fat mothel queen like me.
Would tell you and I'm telling you again right now that the Lord works in mysterious ways and he's busy with gambling stuff in the eyes and a morning line on the ball games.
But he is sometimes his aim isn't so good.
But you know the old axiom if it first you don't succeed hit him again right?
And again and again till you get it right till you just wipe that thing that's then of an equity right off the face of the globe.
No, it's my ass.
Yeah, we're going to have Marty grow out.
That's what you think.
Yes, again hot shot cracker.
Key John.
That's a just turned it down again.
Yes, again, K John said it just turned it over.
God is pissed off 38.
It's the gays fall 35 like everything else.
We have to have these scapegoat do juror in the last few years.
I think since Anita came along.
They've been the right wing is favorite scapegoat including even self hating fags like Mr. Rugg and the condolese and you name it and colder.
The end days are near 27 and who cares 25 622 votes in an hour and a half that is shocking.
See even the Iraqis are whipped up and were friends about it.
I'll tell you I see this proves to me today.
I need a lot more vacations.
I've got so much energy today and I feel like I'm actually enjoying the sound of my own voice today.
I'll leave these calls.
That's another story WQAM.
Hello.
New, I'm a black male.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
Hey, how about the Iraq Windross is working on his old team.
Oh, look at that. It's time for the ev'ry.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAS.
Qber, 1958.
A proud people, happy to live under the peace of regime.
We took great pride in the heritage of sugar cane farms.
Topacco, mob run for C-0, petal act dealerships, hookers and syphilis.
And came the specter of Kabobe-sta Kabobe-sta.
Waving Huber with only the heritage of sugar cane farms.
The back-o, European runs of C-0's, hookers and syphilis.
Since that time, only one true Cuban savior first fought from the Virgin Mary's papaya.
And lowered gingerly to earth by angels on a silken pillow of freedom.
No, not that little waterlogged Q-Kaleon.
But the real baby Jesus who sits on the moist hand of God,
George, or hey to you, Rodriguez.
Let's throw him as you would Christ or be struck down by the mighty gods of Hanna Hoist.
But baby Jesus is here, and you are there.
Well, I was 31, at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
600 and some odd votes.
We're going to have 700 by the new hour when the little hand hits the big end.
And look over about 600 A.N. 56 is in Q-56.
I'm going to tell you something, man.
We are shaking the universe, do you believe me?
No.
We're doing it.
Well, we're just shaking.
I'm thinking of signing a lifetime contract with somebody.
Somebody with a old transmitter somewhere.
Crystal set.
We continue to do this forever.
You know, the fact that we got last week, just before we went on vacation, we could go Friday.
About what?
About the serious left channel or whatever the hell they called it.
But that's still our lineup with Alex Bennett and Lynn Samuels.
I was thinking about that in the shower that's running really graph my body wash.
Oh my God.
What are people thinking about?
If that's a great lineup that's going to really have an impact, Alex Bennett is like the due
leberment of radio.
Really, wimpy and wishy washing.
Oh God.
Alex Bennett, my ass.
How do you do that?
The number of young Americans reaching for prescription drugs to get a good night's sleep and the money,
the cash money being spent to keep from tossing and turning, as Bobby Lewis would say, is soaring.
Oh, and by the way, they got big fires in the truck now and it causes under investigation.
How unusual fires in Detroit.
You got burned, maybe burned by.
Who did that?
Disco in Furnow.
Who did this going for no?
Trips.
Was it?
No.
The tramps?
Trust it.
Oh.
There it is.
Big fires in Detroit again, man.
They burn that city down.
It's just amazing.
A lot of rooms could talk up on this.
Oh.
I don't want to talk it up.
Okay.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Suddenly, that was.
I forgot the video.
That was a private event, isn't it?
I didn't want it to happen.
Technology, AI, eart, eart, eart tool,
We have one.
Collection of how about you guys?
freehold and a lock on the rail, a lock and I'm ready to go to the window and sure enough
Alan.
Alan also as great as he was he used me as a prop like rumored only and difference being
Alan was a great guy and Alan used to feed me at the track as opposed to expecting me
to buy the meals but anyway he brings over Stanley Dancer.
Well Stanley sits down and shakes my hand he sits at the table and it's like three minutes
to post time and I'm just dying.
I don't know how to make it a graceful exit saying I'm going to run to the window and make
a bet which I never did get to bet in the horse one pay 15 bucks and he starts talking
he says oh you don't want to talk about race you want to talk about football okay and
I thought what he thought I was Hank.
Well I was a lot of fatter in those days see I was a lot of fatter so he had me confused
with the Humper so he wanted to talk about football with me that happens a lot I bet.
No I mean why would I remember that well that's the only time I met Stanley Dancer but he
was great but I'm sure he didn't spend too much time talking about that.
Not a lot no.
699 baby the next vote will be the 700s one on a poll today people are talking across
the street you know that fat old queen had over 700 votes on the poll by noon today that
means that everybody in town is gathered around the radio like at the old and golden days
of radio just put the radio right there in the middle living room and everybody like sits
on the floor and does something.
They happen to maybe much to just what they're doing but of course Joyce wouldn't put
up with that and by the way Joyce nice job honey you are doing it man you and Greg in
a brain trust you are really doing I'm actually amused to see their dilemmas you know
it really amuses me because they would listen to me I know nothing nobody knows anything
they're the experts were the perverts and they're the experts well the first part's right
yeah speaking of perversion bushes of scene performance with troops into creed this is
just to watch it is to vomit from I hate to do this right before lunchtime unless you
want to die I'm doing the opiwec service to watch that thing I had to change the channel
stage news just like that performance on a battleship there where he's dressed up first
president by the way everywhere a military uniform during his presidency ever another
photo op even general grant even the list he says grant never war is a uniform during
his 18th he was the 18th president US granderchick said about that he's also a drunk
I don't know less a drunk president come on he went he had to pave the way for later
presidents it was obscene enough that bush put on such a stage the vent turns out now
that one of the soldiers he called on was actually a Pentagon to our person whom he refused
to identify a suspect did you know that nope when I you do even more of scene was bushes
immature and foolish boasting about how cool it was that the soldiers were into creed
sedoms home town first he said by the way you're into creed as I understand it as well
it's kind of interesting place to be it sedoms old stomping grounds how stomping grounds
kind of like I've actually had a lot of cash money floating around there he's so out
of it he thinks the people to create a grateful to the US troops for being there he asked
one of the soldiers as you move around I assume we have a chance to interface with these
civilians there in that part of the world and a lot of Americans are wondering whether
or not people appreciate your presence can you give us a sense of the reception from
the people there and to creed toward coalition forces the soldier as instructed past that
question out of another soldier captain Williams who couldn't answer how you as soldiers
interface with civilians because they can't it's too dangerous captain Williams referred
to comments his Iraqi counterpart had made after talking to locals and decreed and from
what he told me the locals told him the Iraqi people are ready an eager to vote this referendum
captain Williams said that was the answer Bush wanted that's good he said it's pretty
interesting that's a pretty interesting concept for the people of decree when you really
think about the fact that it was said out of the town but that account of the eager and grateful
local seems highly suspect according to Anthony Shadeed a Pulitzer Prize winning reporter
for the Washington Post the great has been seething with resentment and boiling with
him in the nation's others have in the Sunni triangle in his new book night draws near
Shadeed explains what a lost cause this war isn't a quote say mechanic from the Sunni triangle
who says the American people should realize they're going to start receiving coffins we're
not their slaves we accept that as easily as we drink water and that was two years ago
things are a lot worse now and I'm not seriously Cavalier comment Bush told one of the soldiers
it's probably a little early for me to go to the creek no Schmidt how easy it is for him
he's not putting his life online to create always asking these troops to do that and he's
put them in a no-win situation that's what's most obscene of all despite his happy talk
and the rehearsed sureness of the troops and even the vote on the constitution Bush can't
change the situation on the ground and the more oblivious he is to that fact and the more
both the liaison the false progress in Iraq the more shameful his entire enterprise becomes
and I would say you are absolutely correct Matthew Rothschild wrote that for a common dream
that already wrote that for the progressive its on common dreams that are right he also
by the way his guy that's what's the website his McCarthyism watch webcom's crowned
for more than 150 incidents of repression since 9.11 they like that good media citizen
dot blogs follow those like that just look up Matthew Rothschild with five or six different
ways to find it 714 how do you like that 714 old bean cool 714 now what is that what kind
of a drug is that 714 yeah I don't know I'll ask somebody I'm sure there's a drug
that's got 714 on it quite a lot of what do I know about Kaleud's man I only know about
doggy uppers and you only know about well 714 what do you think is the cause of all the
recent natural disasters Schmidt happens to 56 global warming 189 we're paying this for
the sins of Bush 129 I said one thing gonna take a lot of cash money to pay for that
a lot of cash money quite a lot is that it 714 I think so did you look it up no well
look it up about 420 God is pissed off 41 he I'm telling him and his right can't you feel
it I'll kill it something his wrath waxing a hotter and a hell he is just forming it
about he's he's a apoplectic and that means it's gonna be a pochaliptic that's what happens
apocalyptic things happen when God becomes apoplectic right right and of course it all goes
back to that apple anyway since all apples way yes it is birds 714 see I know my drugs man
apparently I'm ready for some right right now the end days are near 33 and who cares 29715 votes
Joe fine that's more people I mean you got to listen to your whole damn radio station how do you
like that you hot shot and by the way happy she's a voice Joe don't spend all of daddy's money
in one place are you already did too bad too bad dad God I wish I had a rich daddy
he did a son of a bitch for a father where he didn't have a shiver he was okay I had a
as far as money that's great he was a provider you know I mean he's a provider provide a lot of
angst and agita and probation he's dead though he's the worms are eating his ass all you know this
crap about family really it's just it's just amuses hell I mean of course you should know I do
kind of mother you got family is as well as a figure that water all is a crap all these stupid
ass cliches that you people repeat because somebody wants to tell you he wants her to somewhere
it's like my mother used to say well you know what they say and I said say to her well who's
they I don't know whoever they are the committee yeah I used to say oh they're going that's
that's who says it W&Q I am hello I was just before the back coach W&Q I am hello you know
why am I going to be calm today's problem W&Q I am hello yes sir I was at that tribute to
us family dance for Saturday night it was very great yeah good W&Q I am hello
QAM hello yeah you know you've seen as a marijuana we get from the gun
W&Q I am hello hey Neil I'll get on all right I know you were asking for a nico
and I'm one I'm a former engineer for the Marine Corps oh my god I know I know I know but
but as far as trying to rebuild in that area yeah it's pointless man they all want to live on
the bottom of the mountain side you're a river and the soil keeps shifting and as far as our
scapegoat our scapegoat in that country is communism and that's about it Neil okay good luck
you pali thanks buddy you only a see if the river bed five six seven oh five six whatever that means
it lost Montanious see you can I go I don't know my what my you know something I feel very validated
after reading a lot of stuff about the Venezuela and Hugo Chavez and about the rampant poverty and
about the inequity there just it's a it's a it's a general and so when I told you about spending one
day in the Caracas years ago yeah I have no regrets about that of all the places I've ever visited
even downtown Detroit was like very up mild and safe compared to Caracas you just felt like oh I
better get that a lot of here because somebody's gonna kill me you know not good Caracas and but of
course you know Hugo Chavez you know Pat Robertson says hey Pat turn about his fair play like Peter
Marshall used to say on Hollywood squares line nine wq weigh in hello hey Neil Tim Brackie here how are you
okay I've never really done this before but I'm kind of curious I'm the agent for Dennis Collins and Bob
Hamilton do you think you'll be doing any higher give it a rest give it a rest already wait a minute
this guy you know the next time I'm just gonna hang up on him I just did I am so sick and tired
you're probably you probably deserve to give candle but okay you probably are inept you know
you it's one of these people is bang away and bang away is it's like a nagging wife I don't get it
no you don't get it because this guy got candid magic so we got a bug up his ass about Bob
Hamilton and Dennis Collins and the whole operation what are you gonna do with us yeah go go call
in there Toss you'll call up Rick Shaw in the morning and belly ache on the air about it okay we
don't care we don't care about magic we like Ricky Tickey a lot and is a really cat but other than
that the hell with them they play crap we know that it's like a bulletin like we're supposed to
have that Bob Hamilton isn't nobody cares okay we rather hear about Alexander Hamilton actually
we care about and Raymond Verne isn't that who they had they had the big duel Raymond Verne
and that they were gay yeah maybe that's why they got into it maybe they were getting into it it was
a straight shooter because he won the duel well I'm not so sure how straight 1156 and 560 we got
the molemyster you know how straight he is man he's a straight shooter he's a street fighter he's the man
he'll come along and rip the dolphins and ask now and other it's fashionable we're not
carrying their games anymore he's not doing a game so now he doesn't have to shield for that
organization anymore he'll rip them and ask I'm sure and deservedly so mad dog it for he'll
also be kicking some Siri kicking an old style by the way who won that Michigan game on Penn State
on Saturday Josh Michigan did they what a surprise that what was it close yeah I think they scored
yeah they scored on the last play of the game no against Penn State against Joe Pa who just
turned 145 that's a girl school now Penn State big 10 my ass well they didn't lose before that
nine there you go well Michigan State of course it is the usual choked up you know something you still
don't care we don't care who gives a crap I was running some stupid ass balls in I like to
care about when you go to colleges get laid and get in drunk that's it that's all you care about
what else is there nothing we're getting stolen your kids out there we got 740 man 740 votes on
the pool and it's not even new yet I'm so shocked I could like slide right off this year onto the floor
although it is man I'm so excited too nice of it to be working on today that so George is
going to take over noon take over what I don't know the building take over the building
two to few people make five Robertson happy make governor push after your fat ass
governor do some people it's October 17 at 16 days since the new law and the real
fact so much for people because they are dangerous and they're puffed behind your back like
Greg and many bells and all these people at fat boys and the people in the sales department
PD Lenny if he ever shows up in a building 1158 a QM if you have a sick or dying palm tree or
palm trees that don't look as good as they should palm tree doctor can help you out palm tree doctor
is out for his leading palm experts specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees in most cases
palm tree doctor can save your sick palms at a fraction of the replacement cost and no job is
too big or too small for these folks palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well
as property management companies homeowners associations and city governments to visit their website
palm tree doctor dot com for more information including before and after pictures and references to
you can even make an appointment right online don't forget if you have sick or dying palms the
only company to call his palm tree doctor south Florida's original palm specialist call today
1 866 946 3600 mentioned in the arrived you're shown to get a 30 dollar credit after your initial visit
30 dollars doctor to me call palm tree doctor date at this toll free number 1 866 946 3600
or just go online to palm tree doctor dot com that's 1 866 946 3600 for palm tree doctor when you
want serious results this is Neil Rogers this is 560 QA and a Homeland Security Tom Ridge advising you
to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
the white house and somebody to the studio they said he'd get paid if he put bushes plans on the radio
the
they walked up to him offered to 40 grand just been a few lives in an envelope there was pay
all the
ppy
well they talk real nice about the child let me find and got tax payers cash each time
news got around that he collected a fee they said he's in the pocket of bush janey
strong Williams the radio guy Betty
rest taking right to get something to pay
the
white
oh
when they pay
oh
love
the
a
white
oh
when they pay
oh
trouble three and five six to the end days are coming baby you can feel it you can smell it
oh man can I smell it
did fart
it's in the annoyed did not fart okay you're disgusting yeah in fact joyous is going to come over
give you i'd like to have a joyous come over there and fart right in your face
oh i'd love that when it'd be great and then you can describe it on the air you can do like a play
by play i'll record it and you can describe the aroma maybe joyous could like drop a little egg fart in
the studio there and then rush right out um cabbage corporate legal joyous you're doing a hell of a
job honey man a right up to your qualification i would say that she is as qualified to be the
corporate legal for a radio station as she is for the beesleaves as uh
heri admirers have to be the supreme court justice the roler the rest of the
the baby joyous has got a husband although
mike wittney no correction no relation to ray wittney rights
because this is the week uh connective indictments coming this week you do not know that don't you
yeah i saw that on the news
in others confession the last gas i'm doing a lot of reading today and you know what's too bad
because the calls really suck and we don't have a building pool and so we'll say that uh for
i think the end of tomorrow we got building we're gonna be building it plus on Monday they don't
want to be bothered with these stupid ass calls anyway right right except for oven jones 45 times
and uh his uh partner in crime is boyfriend hey reber and jones you fairy if you play about see
this is uh like uh yesterday morning he says if you plan to read judy millers long and
secure this apology the new york time sunday edition bring your hip-waiters the obfuscating manures
need deep and bound to stimey even the most curious reader millers is a slippery customer but
picture is slowly developing if someone was deeply involved in white house maneuvering to
discredited joseph wilson it is clear now that they've changed his right hand man scooter liby
provided miller with the name of x c i a jent valery plane planes name appears at least
twice in the note print miller used when she interviewed liby although she pretends she can't
remember whether or not he furnished the name she's got this convenient Alzheimer's c a it's also
clear that liby tried to coerce miller into silence by dispatching his lawyer joseph tate to tell
miller that she was free to testify but that liby had not told miss miller the name were undercover
status of miss is wilson's wife in other words liby lied to the grand jury i was signaling the miller
to shut up if miller told the truth liby would go to jail the administration would be exposed as
plotting to disgrace joseph wilson it's the old smear and smear that's the heart of the bush
administration philosophy fortunately miller got tired of biting her time in jail decided to testify
that prompted liby to send her an encrypted letter which stated that the public report of every
other reporter's testimony makes clear that they did not discuss miss planes name or identity with
me again liby was advising miller not to spill the beans miller had a problem though she had no
way of knowing what the other reporters had said to the grand jury and she also had a way the
possibilities of being indebted on perjury or obstruction charges so she did what most people
would do in her situation she tipped out through the questioning denying and forgetting as much
as possible it's beginning to look like miller is the pivotal figure in an investigation and a
role could be the undiving of the bush regime in one telling comment miller notes two days before
robber novaks article appeared in the watch and post exposing c.i. agent Valerie Plain i might have
called others about miss is wilson's wife really two days before novaks momentous article miller
was giving out claims name so perhaps miller was the only reporter got claims name from liby
and spread it around anybody else that puts miller at the very center of the bush administration's
biggest nightmare miller already admitted that liby had told her that claim worked at windpack
windpacks stood for weapons intelligence non-proliferation arms control the name of a unit within
the c.i. agent among other things analyzes the spread of unconventional weapons that's kind of
an outing to confide in a reporter if it's not intended to start a leak remember miller never
even wrote a story about in the c.c. gleam from these private interviews with liby so what was her
role were they just friends having a casual conversation or were she a mule for the information
that the white house wanted to disseminate about wilson liby also asked miller to have the times
referred him as a former hill staffer rather than a senior administration official in stories written
about wilson he obviously didn't want it seemed like the administration was carrying out a
personal vendetta against wilson no problem the administration makes a request and the
new york times carries it out fort with one hand washes the other the question remains though
why the cover up why would liby care what the papers call him is if as he claims he wasn't doing
anything wrong the larger questions however where did liby get valory flames name the only person
who had access to classified c.i. information like that would have been his old boss dick cheney
uh-huh uh-huh cheney presided over a secret group of administration hoxtamen is the white house
a rack group wig not the wig party but wig you know i mean wig don't don't don't like that wig
the emergency was to brought the danger of sottams wmd the spread of those who tried to mitigate
the danger the biggest part of their strategy was to exaggerate the threat of sottams imaginary
nuclear weapons program the administration knew through their own polling data that the
american people with support a preemptive war if it appeared as though sottam had nuclear weapons
so it was incumbent upon them to make the case wilson's off had paced the york times challenge
the administration's conclusion about these years yellow cake uranium and underbind the claims
about sottams nuclear capacity so wilson had to be destroyed millerwood served as the conduit
from our administration's thoney stories about biological weapon sites mobile weapon labs and
aluminum tubes for noose aluminum q for noose was the logical choice to start the smear campaign
against wilson a role was to spread the classified information resources in the media who would
intern this credit wilson let me as done his best to protect tani from being implicated
saying that the vice president didn't know anything about wilson but the claim is absurd as
Jason leopold notes in raw story tani was president several of the wig meetings they say tani
personally discussed with individuals in attendance at least two interviews in may in june 2003
wilson gave the new york times com is necrist off at washington post reporter water pinkus
in which he claimed the administration twisted pre war intelligence and what the response
from the administration should be the vice president's rule in outing of cia on agent under
examination jason leopold was that of the edline the article leopold's article also points out
the cozy relationship between miller and the members of wig priority rack war after miller had
written her damning article about aluminum tubes tube in a rack that could be used at centrifuges
in nuclear weapons a story that was later completely discredited tani rummisfeld bush and
rice running a high gear flooding the sunday talk shows and citing the stories proof that
sottles newton ultimately in gulf american a mushroom cloud the media's disinformation campaign
must have been coordinated with miller and key members of busham administration the plan worked
flawlessly clearly both miller and york times publisher Arthur solsberger were intimately involved
in manufacturing the fragile evidence that's right the nation to war neither is ever expressed any
regret over the role they played ironically liby's cryptic comments to miller in a letter that
center was in jail may turn out to be the best summary of the ongoing investigation he said
out west where you vacation the aspen's will already be turning they turn in clusters because
their roots connect them yes and if liby goes down so will channey rove card rice and perhaps
even bush because their roots connect them how do you like that the roots got to roll with only
yeah the roots is it roots of roots depend on where you are says root anybody says roots also says
cash money a crit and crit crit in the nick i got one name seven hundred eighty one
votes were gonna have eight hundred before you can say jamman it's at four o'clock this afternoon
before you can say panther preview at six thirty the panthers and the rangers seven o'clock
night from medicine square garden in new york and any cave for the game i'm gonna listen to a little
uh and then they got at the devil's marnaipo that's a devil of schedule the panther's look okay
neither butchered up a little bit but they look alright one here's some hockey talk no come on
just how about a fifteen minute segment like lead a little leaf sludge
haha that's for that guy to call before trying to suck me in that hockey talk i bet your
rumors panther on second thought hunky tank all birch lumi
it's also been found in turkey russia or well russia it's been found a russia seven eighty one
what do you think is the cause of the recent natural disasters schmit happens to eighty one global warming
two oh three were paying for the sins of bush one thirty five that's a good shot it's the
games fault forty eight you got it man god is pitched off forty three the end days are near 38 and
who cares thirty three it's all that gambling it's going on god does not like gambling bill bet
and you know how fast that just kind of like uh just uh oh yeah this is fair enough to do it
with a good boy every black baby in this country and your crime rate would go down yeah
father is that what i think he thank you with monakin right away the whole country the whole world
as to wow gee let's uh have a big investigation and impeachment and Kenny star and all
this other crap but here's the guy that comes on here and talks about about a boarding every black
and uh... was just a didn't really take another context and he never stole a freight train he's got
a gambling problem he doesn't know what he's talking about all of this crap you know i'm saying
all of these things bill Bennett you big fat piece of crap yeah the thing the thing that
him uses a lot of me each and every one of these right wing idiots every every one of them
is a hypocrite from bill or rally in his heavy breathing and rush in his kill poppin and bill
Bennett and his races comment every single one of them yeah what's up
Henry and his hide uh...
bob Livingston mr. Livingston i presume new ingress
no nootie nooter yeah he likes those new these man while his first wife was down from cancer and he
was uh... he was just dying himself to get her signature on a divorce paper
he's a hell of a guy in fact they're talking they are talking about him running for president
which i find i was amusing another good reason to be out of the country as much as possible
twelve minutes past noon at five sixty w two of you in the market for a new card don't put it off
another minute get on down and see our good friends at Armstrong for the homestead they
create a complete line of forwards with great service election every day low prices
need an f one fifty arranger musting or explore arms strong for it is got a ton of them when you
buy a new for from Armstrong for the homestead not only to get a rate deal but you also get arms
strong for its exclusive on her dog unduplicated all
tires and batteries for like program David rich in the staff at Armstrong for the homestead
will guarantee the best price and because of the local and operated they always treat you
just like family they get to eat with kid gloves you won't get a better deal on a fort anywhere
in town no bait and switch no phone ideals arms strong for the homestead three or seven twenty five
south dixie highway well worth the drive just twenty minutes south of the thirty six check them
on the web arms strong cars dot com and then give David a call at three oh five two four seven fifty
one twelve throughout a few miles extra to save thousands and thousands and millions of dollars
and Armstrong for it of homestead this is a real Roger this is five sixteen
twenty
just more than the rebels and the weathering
finishes a from both parties brown offered no apology and mostly blame others for the
the
no one left to blame
brownies
the government
brownies
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
and
and
and
and
and
Everyone knows that your leadership votes you can go back to your poor shows today
Both Republican and Democrats criticized the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll that may be because as long as he remains an
Administration official his testimony must be cleared by the White House
813 votes on a poll on the world famous deal Rogers show man. We are absolutely on fire
That's what I'm saying anyways, probably team. I got a story
I just emailed to Josh. I'm sure that he's gonna put it on our website right now as we speak
I'm sure I am chaining may be entangled in CIA leak investigation people say by Richard Keel on Bloomberg dot com
You got it. You're seeing it. You're looking at it. I'm not yet. I'm getting it. You're working on it. Take a peek at it
Stop talk. Totally wouldn't go to the clock
Listen, I just want to make sure they doesn't forget about it because he got a short attention span because he does this Marlon game
Okay, I already forgot about it. Yeah, I forgot about the Marlins. I'll bet what I'm not gonna read this whole thing
As we go on this go on to four o'clock. We don't want to preamp mode doing here. Come on
Don't want to preamp the most show
But a special counsel is focusing on whether vice president Dick Cheney played a role in leaking a covert CIA agents
Name a corner of people familiar with a probe that already threatened to stop white house a it's Carl Roevan Lewis
Scooter or Libby
Scooter my ass. Clifford itch is yeah the special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald is questioned current and former officials of W
W is administration about whether Cheney was involved an an opportunist threat of the agents husband Iraq war critic and
Former US diplomat Joseph Wilson according to the people Fitzgerald is questioned Cheney's communications advisor Catherine Martin and former spokeswoman
Jennifer Miller-wise and ex-white house A. G. Wilkinson about the vice president's knowledge of the anti-welsing campaign and his
leaving is with it with Libby is cheaper staff to people sent the information came from multiple sources of request and the
Limit of because number one they want to stay alive and because of the secrecy and political sensitivity of the investigation
Most former most obviously they want to stay alive. Unlike that British guy that all of us had just died
He's just I don't know why just dead. Yeah, forget about it
New York Times before the due to the Miller is not testified twice before a federal grand jury probing the case after spending 85 days in jail for refusing to
Cooper wrote in yesterday's New York Times that Fitzgerald asked whether the vice president had known what is cheap aid
Libby was doing insane regarding Wilson a critic of the war in Iraq Fitzgerald as told lawyers involved in the case
Of the hopes to conclude soon the grand jury's term expires October 28th over could be extended
And there's a growing sense among knowledgeable observers that the outcome will involve will involve serious criminal charges
All right, Fitzgerald is putting together a big case Washington attorney Robert Bennett who represents Miller said on the emissive TV program this week yesterday
Now you know who Robert Bennett is no, he was one of our Bill Clinton's attorneys and you know who his brother is
You could have born every black man in this country and yeah, I make would go down
Yeah, Robert Bennett and I'm sure not too proudly the brother of the anxious racist build minute and gambling addict
Finger pointing super moralist gambling addict and probably pervert
Believe me take one to no one trust me. I know a pervert. I can
Spot one of 50 million miles away and all these right wingers man
They are they make me look like a Sunday school preacher in other words pervert 831 votes on there
Am I impressed or what five six seven oh five six? You will get a few calls in here not too many
Count five sixty and leave a rising singular wireless line votes right after you
I'm kipper in all the high holidays. What do you expect from this crowd right high?
It's after the high holidays. How's George the polytower junior doing by the way who need Georgie now?
That's a crap come any Q.A. Am hello
Alan Beckle's in the show
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line
What he I couldn't even understand Alan pickles in one teeth. There's a sharp. Oh
Whatever whatever that means now I think you're confusing with his son Mike, but that's another story for another day
Line nine Q.A. Am hello
W.A. Am hello
Yeah, yes, sir
I know you're kind of a movie boss and I'm trying to figure out my buddy. There was a movie that came out that was about
The World War of Germany had one. I don't know if you remember anything like no never heard. Thanks anyway, buddy
Okay, well, I tell you we're some of these really fantastic calls. Right
movie trivia don't talk about movies now
Remember that way. Yeah, all right. All right. All right
Talk about movies who now wants to see movies and you
Like that
W.A. Am hello
Now what about the Edward R. Moral movie is anybody seen that it's out and I haven't seen it yet
But I would like to supposedly fantastic. I'll wait till it comes up my 8,000 cable TV channels and watch it for free
W.A. Am hello
Yes, sir speaking
Neil how's it going? Good show. Okay. I just wanted to ask you if you if you knew the fact that on row
Row is about to get indicted and nobody nobody even seems to care
He's about to get indicted and everybody knows how do you know he's about to get indicted? How do you know that?
How do I know? Yeah, well besides the fact that there's plenty plenty of
Trail's leading to him. Yeah, and he's gonna be the scapegoat just like Brownie was but nobody knows that so
Nobody knows the trouble he's seen is in it exactly
Yeah, yeah, right do some research fight out for me if he's got a wife
He had to be in his belt and he did think he always there was a bio and one of the margins right
He has a child from a previous marriage. Wow
Unlike Harriet Myers didn't never had any children because she's a never had a marriage
He's an old school marmer as they say. She's an old dyke
No, but forget about kind of Lisa play it's not the end of it tried to but Harriet Myers the idea that we got this old
Dike who's gonna be sitting on the Supreme Court. I'm sorry. It just it would seem to me that with all the issues for for example
What what is an old bike you never had a child? What what did businesses she got telling other one more to do with their bodies and and making
Rubies on a bar. She's not on fetuses that'd be like bed making those really
Yeah, I've said that for years man. I've got no business making rulings about a bar. She's right
They're cooling about your own. Let's get some real women on there like Gloria Steinem
Wow, you know
Oh
What will you think again look at that came an island and the center of circulation is actually on the north side here
Oh boy, God is really just full with them out. He is right here is waxing it and Nicaragua and a surfboard too
I've expected travel west a day. I'm Saturday. Managed on a direct course if this thing
Had to worry through her account right to her knowledge. Oh brother. Have it. I had enough yet or what oh god
Just keeps punishing them and punishing them and pumbling them. He has had it with all that depravity
It's a you noticed the last one the last one also blew through Key West today
I think it's just a coincidence no way
Uh-huh you fight it all that
Faggery and all that the botcher in a drink it in the sluggish crap a lot of booger
Yeah, I'll like Key John crap there and all the ins man. I wouldn't be surprised if that Paul Prudon gets like
Where he's got coming ever see him and Tom Delabies together by the way
Well, I'm before here Paul Prudon for he's he's the epitome of what newer although you gotta see that movie speaking of movie Southern comfort
Oh, it was old on young, but if you want to see what
Luziana and that whole neck of the woods is all about Southern cover man. That'll send you free
Body be a whole new athlete. A whole new altitude about that part of the world. No wonder gods pissed off man
You people gotta get smart too bad that I'm just croak too because maybe he could help them people get smart
What do you think? No, no, what do you believe? Send him to the lighthouse and help them get smart up there
I doubted so maybe this is the week that was baby get some indictments coming this week and then we can all go
But I get really angry and what's this guy say nobody cares if indictments come down against Carl Roveman as
Hostel and nasty as he's been toward the media and the way he's tried to manipulate the entire universe like puppets on a string
They're gonna they're gonna fry his fat ass and believe you me. You'll smell the grizzle you'll smell like grizzle from coast to huh?
Ribbon is baby. Oh brother grizzles his big
How'd you like to have him and Ned baby up in the woods together when I crowd from entry?
I'm playing I mentioned they have a really good old time with them. That'd be a grease fire. They call only Ned had to act
I don't think I don't think Carl would be doing an act. I mean, I enjoy it. We like a bite. Maybe Carl Rove and Miss Fudger doing a little something on the side
I don't know which side can do it probably the right side
26 past noon at 560 WQM when you're shopping for shoes you know what it's all about. It's about three things
It's about comfort. It's about fit and it's about price all of those things
So do the smart thing get over to brandy shoes for a best combination the most comfortable fit in your favorite
Scholars shoes at an unbeatable price
Brandy's carries a humongous selection of just about every major brand like rock port
Floreshyme echo mafisto s.a.s new balance all the top names in the shoe binis and brandy's professional shoe fitters
Make sure that you've got a customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time just ask for Arnie
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price
And if Brandy's you can just about beg red greets life on it that whatever style you pick out
It's in your size on the shelf ready to slap on your fat feet right now
The pros at Brandy's understand fit and comfort and Brandy specializes in wide wits as well
Brandy's is well worth the trip from anywhere in South Florida
So for comfort style fit value and selection keep in mind early one name and that's brandy shoes
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomford, Obito, Bendagel, Italy, till nine
Sundays till five and right now at Brandy's it's the Bo-Tube and Anza
Rotport, Spirions, Tobago, Special Discounts and Connection with the boat show
Come in this week or visit them on a website do your shopping right there at Brandy's shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
All and they don't come any better than Todd Keller
Oh
When come from Todd protectors where we get tar on my knee
While they died in Louisiana I race past for the G-OP
Oh
Cut
Tena
Don't put don't blame on me
As I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity
Swing your partner round and round now do a little swim into the waterless town
Swing to the left to the right here we go swing a little mud down though see no
Oh
Why can those people clean
To the tricyle easy and a panic it's for your right
Oh
Walking at last I can get a little piece of white
Yeah
I know
We can't go in here and I'll lose
When I wait in here I pull my olden
That's exactly kind of achievement
That's for you
You're supposed to be a doodling
Hey
I'll cut a nice Hawaiian punch
You
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Tooy tooy
Score
Score
skincare
I
Pro 33 27 to 1 how come we're not getting any calls about Gildi and the fine job he's doing on the panicking
I haven't heard one in a second. Yeah, we'll pull that guy. What he started trying to talk I don't want to talk about hockey
I'm talking about Gildi. Okay. There's a big difference
How do I mow this afternoon the room around the building is he's gonna be reading passages from his new
Autobiography called punching the world in the face
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines when he just got this thing you know
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, is this Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just I was listening to your program about
We can have two weeks to go up there. Yeah, I think you referred to us as floating curbs and New Orleans and I know
I don't think I appreciate that very much
What can I be working on how long you been working on the phony accent?
We know. Yeah, we are
We know we is that that's how they got from the loot almost
Van imitation of the guy from loot so I do get
One you get pali you turd how many Q. I.M. Hello
Kenny
This new dolphin team really blows
Oh
No, so when you're right better so far Jimmy syphilis doing them dolphin games are guilty on the Panthers
huh 5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil
How you doing today pretty good? You following the baseball
No, I saw the I saw that bad colony of white socks angels in that earlier game that was that was the end of that
Why is it the nation isn't given the white socks any love that they gave the red socks last night because nobody
cares about the white socks. They're very bright. That's why they call them the pale hose
Yeah, nobody wants to see a pale hose you know what I'm saying 5 6 7 0 5
I want to speak of that the best I don't know we've done the pool before I'll never do that pool again
Because it's a total waste of time not that not that the other ones aren't too, but
About the most beautiful people in the world you know wearing the world and of course most of these people
Have never been more than four blocks from home anyway, but they all got an opinion
I'm gonna tell you again the answer is Germany
It is not even close not frank for it not have a hungry
Forget about those places Berlin and Cologne. I don't know about the unit. I'm in
Start brushing up on your German
But anyway the people there are just oh my goodness. I was telling Hank about that. He's on a first plane
He's over on his way over they have this to look sitting on the kuda. I'm in front of hog and dies having 20 or 30 scoops
Your favorite six flavors just if they're the little a patio out in front watching all the people go buying
It's just a drooling not from the ice cream so much and there and the hog guys over there
I've discovered this time is definitely not just watery, but it's like
It's not good. So I want to retract although I haven't had a little banana nut
Came back. Maybe now have you tried that? No, don't well. I noticed you do have a mouthful right now
Tony's pizza Tony's pizza. Thanks Brad. I'm saying one thing Brad over there at Tony's and 190 third and
Northwest second Avenue whatever is where is he?
133rd and 441 right he is the best he always comes through for us
No BS doesn't want to come in and talk on a year. It doesn't gossip about stuff
He doesn't want me to set him up on dates
He just comes in and brings the great food and then that's it wants nothing not even though cash money bubbling cheese pizza
Oh man, and what's nice saying there during the fun my final days before I finally bailed out of that toilet
Wasn't I saying that he really had passed some of the others like they were standing still good thing
I said that so speaking of our goldstein
He's gonna be my woman. He's gonna be my bitch. Okay, I
Forgot about that one. Yeah, now see if I can play this. What is that thing in sports where there's this tremendous
Philly touchy and these people don't want to think about it
Then it become very annoying. I am before 10 and after two you're all a bunch of faggot
You're naked you're you're taking showers. That's a gay club you moron
You're in a fan club you're looking for glory holes. Don't mind me dolphin bathouse
How is your family's your home as sexuals your abandoned you are
Like that. What was he trying to do I had that huh? Oh, yeah, he is he's the best. He's very funny
I don't think he'd be right. He's even realized no. No, it's just one of those natural things. Yeah, just come natural
So to speak at any rate we miss him a lot from a distance not on the air of course, but from a distance
Nobody Q a.m. Hello hi George. It's Lance from the rainbow room. Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Okay
Um, two things actually one
I noticed down there that has a
And
This should do one with a one that calls up with what you take what you take. I want to take you
Nobody says the name or less. I will skip it. Yeah, it's annoying and
I don't know it's America. It's on the right name
They have Steve Kane
We see Kane show. Whatever. Yeah, I that heath the mouse he works with. Yeah
They can one of my stuff on fire. They're for the other guy. Okay. Well give it a shot and see if it works
70 Q a.m. Hello
70 Q a.m. Hello. I want to speak to you. Please speaking
Hey, Neil chan and I was about waygeldi's doing the hot teams. Is he doing a good job? Yeah
Better than juxtaposed McDonald
He'll be was great when he
Lasty he did very well when he had a
Children last season
Blast on the hottest season he did some more than I can remember who was no
I think that was a your your memory of slubbing was when Chris moron was still doing the games and he like had a miss a game for
He missed his plane or something in juries or whatever and got ahead of doing emergency filling. Yeah
Actually, he did a really good job
And I I actually went to the game on Thursday with my daughter the game's much more exciting now
Absolutely, I couldn't agree with you more man. It's wide open and this is what it should be the shootout
I hate but other than that everything is great. Yeah, it's fun. I'm a fan again
Steven Weiss is my hero 567 05 60 how about those leaves?
They're a clindrock and diponi or a gay son allocetal type dummy
Let's talk some hockey talk not don't worry. Don't panic now. We're out. That's the hockey talk
We reached our quarter for this week. What a shame, you know so sad
It's so sad in the time when they spend so much time talking the same crap with football football and don't get me wrong
I love football especially like and I agree with Hank that college games have been much better in these awful programs
The NFL like I said before I'll say it again
It epitomizes America's obsession with celebrating mediocrity
It wasn't good enough that we had some great teams and some of the other teams sucked
I mean, you know, that's the way it was that wasn't good enough and when we occasionally saw some really fantastic talent
No, not anymore now they all have to be mediocre. They all have to suck
Including your Tampa Bay bucks. In fact, even rhymes with suck Josh. They're pretty weak
Although they hit some injuries yesterday
They still kicked off and asked and they have some key injuries. Yeah, no Cadillac Williams
No Cadillac man, how can you add for the odds just like poor Tom Brady after that Super Bowl
I think it was after there was at the first or the second one when he didn't get the Cadillac on time
Got all PO about the S-line not showing up the first was the first one. Yeah, how much he's got three of them now
He can have whatever he wants Tom Brady. He's you know, although I'm gonna tell you right now
He has small potatoes compared to you know what movie was on last night's George for the 80 million time
And I had to watch a little bit of it. I don't know. Donnie Brasco. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna tell you something right and I
Again, this is like telling you about the people in Germany and male female in the way of Tushir
I want to because it took me like two years to get you to watch that. That's a great movie. Yes, it is and
Johnny Depp in that movie is is if there is a if it's possible that a human being could look any better than he did
Oh, I can't imagine. That's not what I thought you were gonna say what that you're gonna talk about it
That's as acting because he's acting like a Guido. He's putting on a whole you know affected character
Yeah, it's his own character and you know, he's playing two characters in the movie right both both really great
He's an unsung hero. So forget about Brad Pitt. He's old. He's saggy. He's we already saw that thing. I mean, oh, she's
It was just a pencil
Me that's all I was
What you thought it was just a pencil Brad
But anyway Brad put it small but there's Johnny Depp. He's the man in fact
Who is it that Michelle and Miramar whatever her name is the one that's obsessed with Johnny Depp your right sweet heart and I think that I had him in my
Zeta studio then we took pictures together had my arm around her shoulder who's wearing a leather jacket
Yeah, wow. I have a line for that but choice would get very upset 1242 at 560 WQ way in the
She's a young girl she post for Calvin Klein but since she did the powder her career is in the
Case boss
What time you
Jimmy boss
That's why your size is mini she's already
Rosy what cocaine on her nose he came
She said she didn't do it but a picture doesn't lie
She went with the oh
Kate boss
Her eyes are red and buggy boss
Wait for final druggy
She's a red rose and put cocaine on her nose he came
The line is thick as an oak tree and he lost a door with deer from ancient Emmett burrowing
Boss
She's only in dinghy
No need boss
Her hands are freezing
She's a red rose and put cocaine on her nose he came boss
It's gotta be a nightmare
Her life's a living hell
One minute she's a star that she gets fired by so now
Kate boss
So that's how you touch our skin to give me boss
That's why your size is mini
She's a red rose and put cocaine on her nose he came boss
About 48-12 minutes to one we got the molemyster at two o'clock mad dog at four in the panther stuff
Panthers and arrangers with guilty so he's one for one on the uh
A guilty meter today they like him
Sciences device them some methods to ease concerns. Have you seen this?
I saw it on the website. I read it this morning. Did you really? I did you actually are reading the stories on our website
What I get around to it if I have some of that I thought maybe just the ones that you put on there
Some of it in a development that may shift the political debate over embryonic stem cells researchers have devised two new techniques designed to alleviate ethical concerns
Oh my god in one the cells are derived without the need to destroy an embryo the principal objection of abortion
Opponents pedisoggers who have stringentously opposed federal financing of the research
The other techniques makes skin cells bevert to the embryonic state in a way that prevents the embryo from implanting in the uterus
Both are described in today's online edition of nature. Oh nature. What's that?
It sounds like one of them chamepico or conspiracy deals all them secular humanists the chamepico's pushing this crap
The technique for making embryonic stem cells without compromising the embryo was developed in mice
And as yet to be adapted to humans but the two species species are very similar at this level embryo
Development I can't think of a reason why the technique would not theoretically work in people said bridging an
Hogan embryologist at Duke University where the hopper went to school at Duke
Isn't that where they have that rice diet?
Kind of easy rice. No, I'd Duke the rice diet they're famous for that obviously Hank didn't do it
If it does work in people the technique would divide the pro-life movement of those who accept or reject in vitro fertilization
Because the objection to deriving human embryonic stem cells would come to rest and create the embryos in the first place
Not on their destruction
This gets all around the ethical arguments except for that small minority of the pro-life community
That doesn't even support in vitro fertilization
So representative Roscoe G. Bartlett Republican of Maryland whose website describes him as a pro-life legislator
Until now the only way of deriving human embryonic cells has been to break open the embryo before it implements in the universe
A stage of which it is called a blastocyst and taking up the inner cell mass who cells will form all the tissues of the future infant
Taking up that cell and taking it to mass. Now the good idea just take it to mass. Okay. Just like Michael Corleone took
You know had one of her baptized in counties baby and he was the godfather
Gonna be godfather to counties baby then I'll take care of all
Family business 900 votes and it's 1251 that to me is just I don't know whether to scream or each your kid is banana
An amazing 900 votes. It's a impressive. I'm impressed tv art imitates Paul. I couldn't take a lot more of these great calls
But I'm not too sure. I got a I didn't realize I had such a heavy pile here
Including like this okay tv art imitates politics or vice versa this Ron silver
You know he is the actor from the west wing right another another self-hating Jew
I am so sick and tired of Jews and blacks and fags that like yeah have like this death wish for themselves that are politically inept
You know what we're talking about? I mean I know who the guy is. I don't I didn't hear what he said or around office water
Coolers across the nation fans of tv's the west wing are wondering whether former Bartlett star
Bruno Giannalli played by the New York actor Ron silver was wise to jump in the credit ship and begin working for Alan Alders
Republican presidential candidate if silver is real life as any indication he made the right call
Last week president Bush nominated the self-described 9-11 Republican to the board of directors of the United States
Institute of peace a Congressional funded think tank charged with promoting international peace and conflict resolution
Silver who spent decades advocating liberal and democratic causes surprise the entertainment community last year by speaking on behalf of Bush
During the Republican national convention
Kind of like that that sell out faggot there a ed crotch the former air of New York that the silly as you fair
Yeah queen
Wonder what they're paying cash money a lot of it
Just like Armstrong Williams. Oh my god that story coming up. It's my track. He's getting a lot of cash
Talk about sell-off blacks
Following recent accusations citing former FEMA administrator Michael Browns of pink core nominees
Here he admires and others that the Bush administration values partisan loyalty or receptive experience
The silver's resume support is nomination of the select group. No
Instantly directors are required to by law to have practical record of experience and experience in peace and conflict resolution
Institute spokesman Gary Matthews said he's unaware of any director who had not spent a career in academia
International development nonprofit worker government silver to climb a comment. He's mum
He has fluent in Mandarin Chinese and esponial white house spokeswoman Aaron Healy said and has been involved with various international think tanks
Silver is one of 4200 members of the council and foreign relations and serves on its independent task force on public diplomacy
Council members are admitted based on peer recommendation task force members discuss issues in prepare reports
He also sits on the Wilson council the Woodrow Wilson International Center for scholars private sector and advisory group
And what's presented a photography exhibit in China under the auspices of the state department cultural connect public diplomacy program
So we feel he's qualified. He Lee said but a state department source wise not to be identified because he values his life
To this activity hardly represents substantial experience in peace and conflict resolution
He said peace my ass to the extent that public diplomacy is always working toward peace
You can make that stretch you said but in terms of conflict resolution as the state department normally sees not really she said is he qualified
Not really not a China-man's chance in hell whether he speaks Mandarin or Sichuan or whatever he's speaking this week
You like Sichuan? Yeah, it's alright a little spicy, but I can take it not curry though. No, we like kid curry
But we sure are like curry then you don't want to eat here man too many curry restaurants
In fact too many people walk around smell like oh curry smell like a bit in that earthquake now that sounds very insensitive
They're all those poor packies down there right I don't want to be insensitive in their time of hardship
But the fact of the matter is baby
Absolutely
Whose first name begins with
There's one thing we all understand
Yeah
Our
Kato won't be finished until we blow up a pack of sand
We could chase around forever
With our tanks and all our troops
That special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them rules
If only we need another
Plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up pack of sand
All right
I'll play the knees and nuclear
Tane
Why don't we stop pussy food and we'll blow up
The
Absolutely
Jeffrey on
1256 at 560 everybody can be able to have any idea what that meant of course not
You would know boom boom Jeffrey on from boom boom from burn baby berms. Just gotta say it's a very
Yeah, this going for no who did that the trips. I'll be damned. That's to be confused with the champs who did tequila correct
Which is the president like that not the song so much but the tequila and of course
He was governor of that state that's border right ass in on Mexico. Huh? Maybe he and Tom Cruise went down there to a tealon
I had a little couple of pops you think there was somebody that's really getting out of my nerves bad as Tom Cruise
Is each day of my life goes by more and more he just I don't know what it is
But every time I see anything about one of his movies or anything at all about him
By the way, so what's that us a cute cartoon about Scientology really? Yeah
Oh, there's something cute about Scientology well, that's interesting cartoon's cute. It's a stir. I just want to put it on you fairy
1256 at 560 WQM
Oh my favorite Republican. This is not drawn and it's time for the excuse they are floating
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hour
I do
She knows all I am
Is hungry
For every girl in this world that ever has
Should I
I be
So let's break up I feel is the best thing for me
You know strippers are fine
I feel self-impressed
When they seduce me oh, Jessica I do
She don't you
I'll spend the rest of my life finding another hot white I do
She don't you
She didn't talk to control I give them just any
I've waited to say this to you
If they this break up leaving me
again
Something interesting about the audio on that isn't there
It's not like what snack crackling and popping and back. Are you gonna hear that?
I thought it was the the drum machine
The drum machine you know the beatbox
Oh, no, Nicholas A is that a beatbox. I'll be then kind of like that judge
Well
Remember that story a couple weeks ago. Oh, yeah, I'm sure you do
This Supreme Court speaking to judges refused today to allow the Bush administration to pursue a
280 billion dollar penalty against tobacco companies on claims they misled the public about the danger of smoking
How do you like that?
They refused to allow them to pursue that penalty the decision to major victory for a cigarette makers
Was not on expect what we know that at least one of the Supreme Court justice is smoked a lot right
Right
Oh
There we go
You jeans how much the Bushes nominee for the Supreme Court
And you know there's not some people's that dead. It's ain't just us. I smoked a little marijuana when I was in cottage
And it wasn't ever
Yeah, we know
uh
The decision to major victory for a cigarette makers was not on expect because the urban's cases still pending and the federal's
Urgent presider with an ironman trial has needed to decide whether tobacco companies are guilty or wrong doing
These Supreme Court declined without comment to intervene now the case could be turned to justice's next year
When we get somebody who really knows like her yet Myers-Hunter she knows her crap
She's the choice of the Supreme Court. That's what she'll be she's not gonna get confirmed by them
No chance the the fight that the high court was over the amount of money the company the amount of cash money the companies would have to pay if the judge ruled
That the the father to the federal anti-racadtering law known as Rico
Rico, which is just a blanket that they throw everybody out of your racketeering right
chairs of
Altria grouping parent of the biggest U.S. cigarette company Philip Morris U.S. declined four dollars and 34 a set or six percent
To 75 bucks and more in train on the New York Stock Exchange William O'Mire
Al Fiery vice president said the decision was appropriate a training general al Berto the torture or Gonzalez and rather the administration was disappointed
We continually very strongly in this case when you're a case all right al Berto
In fact if they outlaw if they banned cigarettes altogether
Well, they they have to find something else to burn the asses of the prisons with women like like maybe a red hot poker
I think a red hot poker would be good. Yeah, low torch. Just like the one Robbie Benson told the courts to stick in one-on-one
You saw that movie of course. I don't recall. Oh
Anyway, what do you think is the cause of the recent natural disasters? I can't believe the this is part for the course man
Why should our audience be any different? They got a different agenda all the time nothing moves them
That's because they're in software their brains are fried
When you people are gonna wake up and realize here we got another one of these hurricanes
Wilma let Willie Wilma that's on her way right up towards cancuda and then zip it right up the gulf into New Orleans again
All right, how many times does the Lord have to you use a message huh before you get it?
Oh, we got about 27 to go then yeah, I guess
932 votes. What do you think is the cause of all this recent crap? Schmidt happens 334 just happens
right global warming 242 we're paying for the sins of bush 159
It's the gays fall 59 just like everything else if you had a bad body diary
It's the gays fault if your lunch is cold
It's the gays fault right if it rains like hell all day and spores your picnic. It's the fags fault
59 people say that god is pissed off 48 say that
Oh, God is pissed off and fired up and whatever you do don't forget about
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that the end days are near 42 and who cares 38
That's the oblivious crowd no matter what the pull
932 votes is just after one o'clock and Josh is really pleased as bunch
We got a shot at 1100 a day during the show during the show 1100 votes
That's more people than listen to Joel Feinberg station in four months 1100
Yes, yeah, I do like that Joel you fairy
Tropical storm Wilma strength in the day after forming an earth-washed in Caribbean now
Do we really want to talk about this?
Not gonna hit South Florida, but I think it's you know, it's probably it's part of our what no I don't care
I say yes. I didn't print this out so some of the little Julio can sit there and tell me not to read it
You want to waste a page and a half of my fags paper?
Oh, you saw how much fags paper I waste including everything that he sent me by the way prints out two pages
I still don't know what that is I don't care
Got money to burn baby. I think we're always made of burn now let's play that song by the
Tramps this go in for a big fires. The threat we saw that on CNN once and then I think a bigger fish to fry like Sodom goes on trial Wednesday
There we go burn it
Farrah this is for our Supreme Court justice parents token Thomas burn a big fat one clearance come on
I wrote up in a Sun Sentinel
Right there in fact take the a Sunday TD book take Tom jik as Q&A and roll off a big
Pad will write on that page
He's rolling it okay, it's enough
Capital storm well is cranked in today after forming the Northwestian Caribbean tying the record for most storms in the Atlantic season and following a path
I've could minutes the Gulf coast next week is a hurricane oh my god Jesus
Wilma is the 21st name storm of the season because god is picked off. What are you people gonna smell it man?
What does he got to do to get the message across do it? He keeps slapping virgin Mary's face under overpasses and
Underpass in Chicago and on the side of bank buildings and our proteinus pieces at Rosa Lopez's house and on those
Cheese sandwiches and you still can't get the message and some jack as just for cash money goes in options it off on eBay
Now that's that's pretty a crash if you ask me crash on selling the virgin Mary on a cheese sandwich on eBay and taking cash money for it
The only other time this many storms of forms since record keeping me in 154 years ago was
1933 and that was a very good year because that was the year who was going out in FDR was coming in to begin dragging us out of the
Depression of course if it wasn't for WDW to do we never would have gotten out of the depression
But I have to be side-of-point and 11 o'clock this morning
Wilma had sustained top winds near 45 miles an hour up to five up five miles in three hours
In other words, it's growing it's strengthening it was sent at about 220 miles south southeast of Grand Cayman and drifting southwest near five miles an hour
Let's see this storm. I don't want to read all this because it's got nothing to do with us
It's gonna bring four to six inches of rain in the Cayman Islands and Jamaica mine and Jamaica. It's a good machine
Mon it's a good machine. I just I am never I don't know. I've got a bomb before I die
I have to make my men my ways with the Jamaican right make a peace no chance with as much as 12 inches
Possible in some areas the National Hurricane Center says long-term forecast show the storm heading into the Gulf of Mexico by the weekend
Forecasters at high-water temperatures other conditions high-water temperatures
That sounds like global warming again
We're favorable for it to become a significant hurricane
But hurricane specialist Stacy Stewart said Wilma had shifted west of its previous path
Could it Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula at this time?
It doesn't appear to be a major threat to the Western the next five days, but then but
Wilma is then expected to reemerge into the Gulf and could become a threat to the southern United States the Gulf coast
Usually where a storm gets in the Gulf it's gonna hit somewhere so the hurricane
Center meteorologist Larry Layhiff where it's twirly until right now some models take it west some take it north and some just take it up the nose
I keep mine like that
So it's I mean it's got it look at it. She's on it right now
We're just into the Gulf of Mexico. There were other specialists a long way to go on this one and a lot of changes are likely gonna happen
Must be just a coincidence that they've got to track 20 it right smack at New Orleans
They got New Orleans like written on them after it's got like a big point of that like you're gonna get it again
Man God is so he is foaming at them out about this the gravity and insanity that's going on his planet
He just keeps whacking and whacking you and you still don't get the message
You people better make it right with the Lord up to that right now
Oh look at this they're showing some none some penguin here in New Orleans. Yes, you that nice outfit honey
Hugging the little girl
946 vote on this pool. It's not even one 15 year. This is shocking
I bet you Joel Feinberg has thrown all of furniture over all every room and I'd building over there
Just throwing it all around fighting out today. I'm back number one, which is just makes him
Did you talk about Joel Feinberg when I was on vacation last week? I'm not gonna bad not Joel Feinberg
I might have to go to work there one day. You better hope you don't so you better pray it on all his days
Got a lot of cash money. Yeah speaking of cash money
Investigators at the education Department of contact the US Attorney's Office regarding the Bush administration's hiring a
Commentator armistrow on Williams sell out black guy to promote its agenda and boy see ever ugly
He makes me look good makes me look like Johnny Demp the action was disclosed by senator Frank Loughtonberg
Democratic New Jersey was pressed for a criminal fraud investigation
Focused on questions about whether Williams actually performed the work cited in his monthly reports to the education department
The GAO has concluded that the education department engaged in illegal covert propaganda kind like that
States press conference with a troops last Thursday
W. Propaganda my ass that that's all they know is propaganda because they can't tell you the truth if they totally the truth number one
They'd all be in jail and number two. We'd all be screaming in the streets bloody murder
The GAO's concluded that the education department engaged in illegal covert propaganda by hiring winners to vote
They know child left behind act without requiring to disclose that he was being paid cash money the education department's
Inspector generals also reviewed the Williams deal
Which is part of a broader contract that the education agency and with catch him a public relations firm catch him
You can before it gets away just like Osama catch him before it's too late now the US attorney for DC is investigating
Whether Williams accepted public money with a cash money without performing as required duty said then cats chief counsel for
Loughtonberg the attorney's office has arranged important ceremonies from suing to recover the money
The cash money the possible criminal charges cat said oh wouldn't this be wonderful, huh?
All of these people on record is Ireland now that they let out goldstein out would it be fantastic?
Or maybe an Alcatraz would be good. Is that still open and they closed on Alcatraz?
As the president's closed if Bush were in that would be called Alkie
Traz oh cute Williams spokesman Shirley Dave said the commentator hadn't been informed about the latest development had no comment
Of course, he's mom she had said previously that Williams was negotiating with the department of return part of the cash money
Was paid I see the deal occurred during the tenure of former Education Secretary Rod Page
Education department spokeswoman Susan Aspie had no comment on the work of Inspector General's office which operates independently
Independent rather Inspector General counsel Mary Mitchellson also is mom in October 6th letter to attorney general
Alberto Gonzalez Loughtonberg and senator Ted Kennedy said questions to fraud remain Loughtonberg also asked the education department's office of Inspector General to more fully investigate the contract
I like that
Everything is a flim flam and a big sham and the smear and smear
Whether it's Richard Clark whether it's Joseph Wilson whether it's Valerie Plain smear them and smear them whether it was Scott the writer
Redder was Hans Blix
Mm-hmm any upstanding person that comes along and tells the truth smear them and smear them
Okay, it feels sure the clear except of course for the ones that are a part of the part of the group right partly boon
They're except for now 950 votes. It's not even one 15. I bet you Greg Reed is sitting in there rubbing his hind legs together like a grasshopper
He's so excited probably because he hates you so bad
Oh
One 19 over your gaudy in the panther game that it's seven o'clock from MSG in the york
970 to we're gonna have that thousand by the bottom of the hour and then 1100 would be like falling right off a log
You know you fall off the top of a log cabin
It's big enough people who may be falling off the a deep end a hearing for a swap shop owner pressed in hand
Was delayed for month-while his legal team awaits the results of hands psychiatric evaluation
Hands 74 was due to begin to his trial this morning on charges simple battery criminal mischief and battery of a law enforcement officer
Broward circuit judge John Murphy said a status conference for November 18 whatever that is
Hand was charged with a crime stemming from a May 20th incident at a swap shop flea market on sunrise bloward
After got into a dispute with a vendor
BS oh deputies who responded to the incident shot ten with a taser stun gun and had led
We're knocked over a BS oh district chief since that incident had his twice been involuntarily admitted for psychiatric
Evaluation's under Florida's Baker act and you know the kind of people that have to be Baker acted are people like
I got a little off the deep end and I'm gonna tell you why this happened
You know you're only here and here. I'm gonna show you. I know what happened what happened just like our poll today about all these disasters
God is calling in the chips chips whatever it is
What we're right now now and all those remotes that we headed to with the swap shop
God is punishing you Preston for making me smell that elephant the crap and that's sought us man
Now that's what it is up the run at stayed with those blistering hot lights
And he finally admitted one time and him and his good buddy Nick de Barrow was always hanging around there when I was doing that show
He admitted that they did just like
Like an SNN thing with me
With what the lights are the elephants both you get those hot
Clea lights on there that ring with the elephant droppings and it's sought us. Oh, do I like I have to tell you?
No, you don't have to tell me but
I can still smell it that was like a hundred years ago. I can still smell it
So the Lord is punishing you Preston for your evil ways you better repent before it's too late mister swap this
972 I bet you if I were first you were getting really close to a thousand
You know it and these people out there will work through it
It makes a 980 man
80 on the AM dial God what a spot. I don't even know anything on 98 you
No, of course. I don't know about the every WCFL 1000 what a great spot to be on the dial you know it
50,000 watts at 1000 red smack in the middle of the dial what a great what a great thing too bad Barney Pippin on no more or Bob
Elson in the white socks. It's a ball outside or you think you think that Dave Ann boring his terminal wow
Dave Ann voice sounds like a Mexican jumping bean and he compared to Bob Elson the longtime voice
Of the Chicago white socks you're perhaps the soon-to-be world champions
They got a club before about how come a market isn't because we don't we don't care about the pale hose
And especially after that bogus call and that there was that game won her two Josh game two of two
It's because the angels won the first game right?
Yes, that's it and then the white socks that won that disputed. I mean that was just ridiculous
I wonder how much cash money somebody said must have changed hands there
Say three you're out there. Oh, well, guess what I changed my mind. You're not just the run to first base
And I'll say I'll make up a story in an English to which it showed very clearly that the ball never hit the ground
They show they replay how many thousand time
Third man and even Josh would agree with that. Yes, being the baseball analyst that he is
It's Bush Cheney and not rove. Let me write Frank rich. We like Frank rich a lot of rest in New York times
There hasn't been anything like it since Martha Stewart fented off questions about her stock trading scandal by a manically chopping cabbage on the early show on CBS
Last week the setting was today on NBC with the image of President Bush
Manically hammering nails at a habitat for humanity construction site on the Gulf Coast was
Juggled with a site and tried to duck metal hours questions about Carl rove as with miss Stewart
Mr. Bush's pair of oxysmopanic was must see TV the president was a blur of blinks
Tadigal privates and shifts Dana Milbank wrote in the Washington Post
Asked repeatedly about mr. Rolf serial appearances before Washington grand jury
The January mr. Bush for once be a be raft of a script improvised a passable and per
I am a
Passable impersonation of Norman baits being quizzed by the detective in psycho like Norman and miss Stewart
He stone wall that stone wall may start to crumble into Washington courtroom this week or next in a sense
It already has now is always what matters most in this case is not what a mr. Roevin Lewis liby scooter liby
You engage in a petty conspiracy to seek revenge on a whistleblower Joseph Wilson by unmasking his wife Valerie a covert CIA officer
Well, makes Patrick to Fitzgerald's investigation compelling whatever its outcome is its illumination of a conspiracy
That wasn't at all petty the one that took us on false promises in way reckless and wasteful war in Iraq
That conspiracy was instigated by mr. Roevin's boss George W. Bush and mr. liby's boss Dick Taney
Mr. Wilson's wife were trashed to protect that larger plot
Because the personnel in both stories overlapped the bits and pieces we've learned about the leak inquiry over the past two years
Have gradually helped fill the fire in the uber narrative about the war last week with no exception
Deep in a Wall Street Journal account of Judy Miller's grand jury appearance was this crucial sentence
lawyers familiar with the investigation believed that at least partly outcome likely hangs on the inner workings of what has been dubbed the
White House Iraq group very little has been written about the White House Iraq group or wig
It's inception August
2007 must be for the invasion of Iraq was never announced only much later with newspaper article or two mentioned in passing
reporting that had been set up by Andrew card the White House chief of staff its eight members included mr. Roe
Mr. Laby counterlies the rice and the stint mysters Karen Hughes and Mary Madeline
It's mission to market a war in Iraq to market a war in Iraq
Of course the official more sister would have us believe that in august
2002 notice is not yet been made of that war dates bracket in the formation of wind tell us otherwise
On July 23rd 2002 a week or two before wig first convene and earnest a British official told his peers has recorded
And now famous dominion stream memo that the Bush administration was ensuring that the intelligence facts about a right
WMD were being fixed around the policy of going to war and on September 6th
2002 just a few weeks after wig first convened mr. card alluded to his group's existence by telling
Elizabeth Bumel over the New York Times that there was a plan of foot to sell a war against Sodom who's saying from a marketing point of view
You don't introduce new products in august he said the official introduction of that product began just two days later
I'm a Sunday talk shows is September 8th miss rice war that we don't want to be the smoking gun to a mushroom
We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud and mr. Cheney would already started the nuclear doomsday drumbeat and three august speeches
Described Sodom is actively and aggressively seeking to acquire nuclear weapons the vice president said in his evidence a front page article leader debunked
About supposedly the furious aluminum tubes co-written by a junior middle in that morning's times the national security journalist James
Bamford in a perfect a pretext for war right that the article was all too perfectly time to facilitate
Exactly the sort of propaganda cool that the White House Iraq group have been set up to stage manage
Pause at this point. Well so long article all right. I gotta do the break
Well, I take it one thing it's 126 already this show is flown by like we were on for five minutes today. What's that all about?
It's uh, you know you took that vacation is that it?
Well, guess what I'm going to vacation again tomorrow
And then we have that
And he shows all this fly by for me anyway
26 past one we got the momentous you're standing by
but don't don't don't be on it too
Oh
plainly say
Freedom from the bunch
From the tone of a gun or spreading our
democracy
Iraqis want to show
Yes
At least to my common chance you
Just
Two
Three
Let me
Back at us Air
Oh. Oh they have taken on a yearly freedom
I see 90 and hold on a pull almost to a thousand at the bottom of the yard. How do you like that? 9 on the 8? That's kind of great
But we need to get another 102 by the top of the yard. I'm never gonna happen see how we slowed down because I wasn't pushing in my
Bad well get out and push anyway Frank Rich continues the administration's doomsday imagery was ratchet it up from that day on as
As Barton Gelman and Walter Pinkers of the Washington Post were determined in the first account of Wig the four year later the administration's escalation of nuclear
Redirect could be traced to the group's formation along with mushroom clouds your rating was another favorite image the post report noted
Because anyone could see his connection with atomic bomb it appeared in a Bush radio address that we can't have to the rice
Cheney Sunday show blitz that would reach its apotheosis with the information
Fictional 16 words about your rating from Africa and Mr. Bush's January
2003's the union address on the eve of war throughout those crucial seven months between the creation of Wig and the
Starley Merck and invasion of Iraq there were indications that evidence of a sedom nuclear program was fraudulent or
non-existent Joseph Wilson's the eye mission to the tonight year in which in a year I'm sorry his mission in a
Year in which failed to find any evidence to back up your rating claims to place nearly a year before the
President 16 words but the truth never mattered the Bush Cheney product rolled out by card roe Libyan
Company had been bought by Con risk the press in the public the intelligence of the facts had been successfully
to sell the war and any memory of Mr. Bush's errand 16 words
Melted away during shock and awe when months later when national security officials Steven Hadley
took responsibility for allowing the president to address the nation about mythical uranium
No one knew that Mr. Hadley to have been a member of Wig it wasn't until the war was supposedly over with mission accomplished in
May 2003 that Mr. Wilson started to add his voice to those who were disputing the
Administration's uranium hype members of Wig had a compelling motive to shut him down
In contrast to other skeptics like Muhammad Al-Daraday of International Atomic Energy Agency
This used Nobel Peace Prize winner Mr. Wilson was an American diplomat he had reported his findings
in these years or our own government it was a dagger aimed at the heart of Wig and its disinformation
Campaign exactly who tried to sound to them and how is what Mr. Fritz Zero presumably will tell us
It's long been my hunch to his frank which that the Wig Wig guys were their most brazen and the illegal terms reckless
During the many months that preceded the appointment of Mr. Fritz Zero as special counsel
When Mr. Rowe was asked on camera by ABC News in September 2003 if he had any knowledge of the
Valerie plane leak and said no it was only hours before the Justice Department would open its
First-leake investigation when Scott McLellum later declared that he'd been personally assured by Mr. Rowe
And Mr. Libby that they were not involved with leak the case was still in the safe hands of the attorney general
Vengeon Ascroft himself a three-time rogue client in past political campaigns
The Mr. Rowe may be known as Bush's brain he wasn't smart enough to anticipate that justice
Department career employees would eventually pressure Mr. Ascroft to be cues himself
Because of this conflict of interest throwing away for an outside prosecutor as independent
Mr. Fritz Gerald Bush's brain is the title of James Moore and Wayne Slugger's
Dependent of Account of Mr. Rowe's political career
But Mr. Rowe is less of his boss's brain than another a literary organ or organs
That which provides testosterone as we learn in Bush's brain bad things usually character assassination
Often happen to Bush foes whether Ann Richards or John McCain on such occasions Mr.
Bush stays compassionately above the fray while the ruthless Mr. Rowe operates below the radar
Always separated by a layer of operatives from any of the behavior that might implicate him
There is no crime just evicted Mr. Moore Mr. Slater right in this repeated pattern
This notice operand I was foolproof shielding the prison as well as Mr. Rowe from culpability
As long as it was about winning an election the attack on Mr. Wilson by contrasts his left
Then the chaney liby tag team vulnerable because it's about something far bigger
Protecting the lies that took the country to what the Reagan administration
National Security Agency director Lieutenant General William Odom was recently called
The greatest strategic disaster in US history
Whether or not Mr. Fitzgerald on Coverson indictable crime there is once again a victim
But that victim is not Mr. Mrs. Wilson it's the nation
It's surely a joke of history that even as the White House sold this weekend
Constitutional referendum is yet another victory for democracy in Iraq
We still don't know the whole story of how our own democracy was hijacked on the way to war
Not that anybody cares who understand of course
In five votes on the pool. Are you impressed? Yeah, well, no you're not sure
We're not gonna get to a level 100 by two o'clock. We're off to such a sterling a phenomenal start
And it is usual by the way that Hispanic were number five with Julio's that's that's not too bad
You know I told you all the Julio's listen to what you have now. I don't know anybody any of you say that
You just your prejudice blinds you prejudice against what against Cubans get out of here
I love my Cuban friends
Well, depending on what they look like you just you want them to hear you are you are so full of crap
My president fight you're going to be in force and all my police there
They'll be like me you calling you anti-Semitic again, you know
You're a hobo. I beg your pardon. I said how's it go that part is true. You ferry
Margin lie and listen I'm not gonna go into it. I just I'm just tired of clones, you know, I mean
Can't handle clones
Margin lie and it uh, I don't want to go into thinking about Philopeino's either but everyone lies by his universe
Would you listen to this please
Bethlehem Pennsylvania see a little time of Bethlehem. I'm trying to everything points to it
You see how we put all these pieces together? God
Fulming at them out and you people are like busy farting around you watching stupid ball games and crap
Don't forget to pant the game by the way seven
Margin lies by his university colleagues
ridiculed as a crack by the scientific establishment
Michael be he that's be a be a T. It's like the first four letters of my name
Michael be he continues to challenge the traditional theory of how the world came to be for more than a decade
The tenured Lee High University biochemistry professor and author has been more than nations leading performance of
Intelligent design a movement trying to alter how Darwin's theory of evolution is taught in the schools
This week be he will testify in federal government Harrisburg in that landmark case about whether students in Pennsylvania
Classroom should be required to hear a statement before their evolution classes that says Darwin's theory is not a fact
What do you require? We require
The fact is that most in fact aren't they living proof of
Evolution right there? No, that that makes the current. Very case. Oh, I see the evolution well
They just hadn't reached reached the next stage yet
The fact that most biology text act more as cheerleaders for Darwin's theory
Rather than try to develop the critical failures of their students shows the faculties of their students shows the need
I think for such statements be he said in paper speeches and the 1996 bestselling book called Darwin's black box
Be he argues that Darwinian evolution cannot fully explain the biological complexities of life
Suggesting the work of an intelligent force
Oh
His life on the academic fringes can be lonely
Criticize the concept is nothing more than biblical creationism and disguise
He long ago stopped applying for grants and tried to get his work published in mainstream scientific journals
In August his department posted a web statement saying the concept is not scientific
For us doctor be his position is simply not science
It is not grounded in science and should not be treated as science at Neil Simon
The biology department chairman used to write some fantastic plays not funny no fantastic but not funny
I never saw him play
Oh, I see it. Well like what which one like a galaxy blues the goodbye girl
Oh good bye girl. Oh, yeah, he said he was a believer in Darwin when he joined the high 85
But became a skeptic after reading Michael Denton's book evolution a theory in crisis
Be he's big idea published in Darwin's black box and one that can't afford it him to academic fame is
Irreducible complexity what it's an ocean that certain biochemical systems are incapable of having evolved into Darwinian fashion
Because they require all their parts working simultaneously wow
Be he uses a mouse trap to illustrate the concept take away inhibits parts platform the spring hammer catch and the
Mosh trap can't catch mice intelligence design becomes apparent when you see a system that is a number of parts
And you see the parts are interacting the performer function
He said in other words nature isn't complex enough to do that. So of course not stupid right
The book put the positive case for design on the map in the way that some of the previous intelligence design work
Had not done since Steven Meyer who makes a hell of a wiener directly center for science and culture after they discover institute
Most of academic appanded you genie Scott directly the national center for science education
I do dream of you genie said he believes that be he thought he discovered something astonishing
But no one is using irreducible complexity his research strategy with very good reason because it's completely fruitless
Yes
Be he finds community in a web group that he says includes like minded faculty from other universities
Most keep their views of themselves be he said because it's dangerous to your career to be identified as an ID
Proponent intelligent design
He earned ten year ago before becoming a proponent which lets him express his views without threat of losing his job
Because of the immense publicity that's mushroomed around this issue in the past six months
See there's another loose mushroom more people are getting emotional about the topic
He said it's in my side and for good reason all I can say is deal
God have it help us
142 you're gonna be sorry man when the Lord comes and I'll cause you to the purly gates
And ask you to account in a tone for your indifference and your calisthenitudes of all is crap and you're over involvement with ball games
And guys that run around with jockstrap and take showers with each other which also sounds kind of gay to me and believe me
I know I know from gay a thousand and fifteen votes
We're not even gonna get close to eleven hundred that's okay once we got to the thousand like
That's all we care about
Democracy is like a trick
It starts from a tiny little fee
That gets planned in the military occupation and then the sheep begins to grow
And when the growth is really there it's a firm trade
And I don't know it's threatened democracy like trying testicles cross the state democracy's a tree
Democracy's a tree
Democracy's a tree
Democracy's a tree
I'm more unjust your president
I'm bigger than Jesus
Another cost
Science and liberals are bad things
So stick your yellow ribbon stickers next year
Shocker ball the key things you're dying to black and white
The democracy's a tree
Democracy's a tree
This is hey everybody look away
I'm a leader of the free world nobody knows more about premiums and names
I put the film before you done
I lost it I'm a wartime president
I like being in the mouth that
147 a qm 13 minutes away from the more moisture we got a thousand and 27 votes no where near eleven hundred boy
Of course to show you don't count your votes until they hatch until we're in hatch now
There was this story that the herald is they even did a poll on it, but I'm a little bit confused about it
Uh, West Miami restaurants name is too saucy for somebody do you see this?
No, a West Miami restaurant has been denied a sign permit for the eerie's name with some consider of scene
And I keep reading through this, but I don't see the name of the restaurant
Maybe that's how obscene it is. I see some customers giggle when they tell friends to meet them at the new Spanish restaurant on red road
Others might blush the cooks and waiters don't bat an eyelash
Even though the name is considered a profanity by many
It's used in the same that roughly translates to go to hell and it's defined in several Spanish dictionaries as males in a tadia
The restaurant's owners maintain it's not a cuss word
They point to a 15th century definition of closeness on a sailing vessel. Oh, that's the uh, the carapult
It says not convinced West Miami City officials who denied the restaurant permits for its signs the
Sign hanging out in front of the place open almost three months ago has to come down by today or the owner's face day
$250 a day fine. This was seven days zero. I don't think huh? I said
I don't think it belongs in our community said Maria Mohinia who lives near the restaurant and was the first to call the city to complain
They're being silly and need to grow up said George Reyes one of three owners of L
I see it is in there, but the word is chopped off here
What is it again? Carajo Al Carajo who I'm partnering with me
I would have told the story of the origin of the word and why it is a a bad place to be sent to
Yeah, just the other day if you want to hear it go ahead
It's it was the crow's nest and Spanish people Cubans in particular they say go to Carajo instead of go to hell
Because it does like sending someone to hell in fiat noise is like that has no substance
Meaning go now but sending someone to the crow's nest is from the old sailing days
You know how the spandridge just to sail to find places to rape and kill
Oh, yeah, the sailor was a it was bad or uh, he would get the the crap duty on the ship
Which means that he had to go and sit up on the crow's nest
Which was a bad place to be you got it
To the you know you got rained on it was bleak up there
So the captain would send you to El Carajo and you'd have to climb up the pole and sit up there and get
Craped on by the pigeons. I see by the sun. So that's why it's that well
There you go
And of course the hero really mentions it one time
We have to search for it. They're in a stir because the hero doesn't want to be like a bunch of potty mouse
And have everybody we're all looking at the herald are bunch of pornographers now you're right up there with Al Goldstein and
Larry Flint
Yeah, I was in 40 votes 1040 that's KXEL and Waterloo, Iowa 1040 on the AM dial. Am I right if he's Iso?
But you used to live in that neck of the woods there in in Nebraska. Yeah, I'm sure the AXEL came booming in there at night
You know what's the part of time when those of us who were radio buffs we know all the stations all the 50,000 mark clear channel
When there was such a thing I think I'd never been to Nebraska. I mean Montana. Yeah
Water how far is Iowa from Montana mr. Hive's right Iowa? Yeah too far. No
Are you kidding me KXEL 50,000 wants on 1040 on AM you'd hear it like yeah like it was stuck in your
That was no woman here
James Carol writes and this is ties right in with our poll today in the Boston Globe all God all the time
When they told us in Sunday school that God is everywhere
They could have been talking about the recent news cycle with Harry admirers
We see that God lives in the politics of the West Supreme Court nomination process
In a culture defined by separation in search in the state
President Bush and his allies have mastered the use of religious
Affirmation as a deflection not only of criticism but of critical thought
God is thus a trump card of free past
If the president senators and members of Congress can justify the decisions by appeals to God why not judges
Acts of God is the phrase applied to staggering natural disasters from Katrina and the Pakistan earthquake to the coming avian flu
At the same time survivors of such attempts to be credit God for having saved them is if God calcly that all the others die
Humans are perplexed when rotten suffering occurs especially among young children and assumptions about God are overturned
The question becomes how could God let this happen today in Pakistan where fatal disease hunger and thirst go unabated
The very ones who praised God last week for sparing them are pleading with God now to know avail in the argument between creationists and scientists
Those aiming to defend God make excellent claims about mysteries of the past is if they themselves were there
Air Force flyers have thought of God as their co-pilot in the past
But in today's Air Force God sits atop the chain of command at the U.S. Air Force Academy
Which was rocked by six scandals not long ago God is now the designated dean of discipline
But this jeopardizes infantile careers unique cohesion requires conversion
Indeed displays of faith can be a prerequisite for promotions throughout the government where the White House itself is a house of God
In Iraq, meanwhile somebody will turn his body into a tomb today coming up is by blowing himself up by saying God is great
Who is this God and whose name somebody diverse in troubling things take place?
Why is it assumed to be good to affirm one's faith in such an entity?
Why is it thought to be wicked to deny its existence most wrecking about so much talk of God both were fermented in
I is the way in which many who use this line would seem to know exactly to what end or whom it refers
God is spoken of as if God were the Wizard of Oz or the great CEO in the sky or grandpa or the Grand Inquisitor
God is the clockmaker the puppeteer the author
God is the light the mother the wind across the sea the breath and every set of lungs
God is the horizon that is all of these things all of these things
But what if God is none of them what if every possible information that can be made of God even by the so-called religions of
Truth of God has to be false
Who's the atheist then the good God talked that infuses public discourse in contemporary America
This ends from an anthropomorphic habit of mind dating to the Bible and beyond the treats God like an intimate friend or well-known enemy
Depending on the weather and the outcome of battles
But there's another strain in the biblical tradition that insists on the radical openness of God and other is so complete that even the use of the word
God is a name for this other one is forbidden
According to this understanding God is God precisely in escaping and transcending comprehension by human beings
This can only seem to mean that God is simply unknowable if so humans are better off not bothering about it
atheism agnosticism or childish anthropomorphism all the same
But here's where it gets tricky what if God's unknowability is the most
Eliminating profundity humans can know about God that would mean that there were religious language instead of opening in the absolute
Certitude on which all forms of framful superiority are based would open to the true modesty
The closed creation in which every question has an answer will be replaced by an infinite cosmos where every answer sparks a new question
If what we mean by God is the living pulse of such open-endedness then God is of no use in systems of dominance censorship for power
God is everywhere. Yes, but also God is nowhere and that too shows in America especially in its fake religiously
154 Q.I.M. for I'm glad I got that in me to
You even mentioned deal God for years
I've been told you about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning your rock company
Rompatine know they can also save you hundreds even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you during the month of October
Concepts is offering a special on a poultry cleaning
Right concepts can we do it at your furniture at a fraction of the cost of replacement or reappolstering
Right concept will custom clean your furniture according to the piece and fabric no browning no color bleeding physical damage or shrinkage
Ridge your home of all the summer germs and bring your carpets back to life and why do I take advantage of October's a
Post-requiting special and have the furniture clean too
Rock concepts for a professional staff is always improving the survey with the most advanced cleaning systems out of the sun
Rock concepts the only place to call
Which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my home. I'm gagging on it
They'd rout in Palm Beach is called 180248
5071. That's right. 1802485071 run a website dryconcepts.com
Clean today entertain tonight by calling dry
Concepts
This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger
Oh
Hmm, I'm really digging my men but when I'm talking it on you know, it's a real expense to look a down
And it wasn't no thing but when it's up over three got upon my blade
Got a clear my car. Can't believe how I'm talking
It's hard to think of shorties when you're walking
Don't be the cry. No, I don't mean the cut
But it's not gonna be a bit when you're taking the bus
Oh
I can't
Where we are
Bye bye bye
