The O Rogers.
Yeah.
Uh, I know.
Thanks got to put on a set sets.
He's blanks, but oh, everyone knows we'll do something.
You haven't let him say squat all morning long.
He's working.
Been working.
Doing what?
You know, writing his scripts and breaking down the lines and getting ready for the
games.
Right.
Well, somebody's going to do the talk job.
You see, some of us, so we just continue to climb along.
We don't let some little candy ass hurricane ask who roast our life up.
Right.
I've got, especially those of us who are far away.
I have responsibilities.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, you got your priorities straightened out.
Yeah.
But parents do a little work for change.
Yeah, I'm not real good at just reading the names of, you know, open restaurants and stuff.
Right.
I'm very good.
Fine.
I know what you know about this stuff.
I'm very good at finding them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially that pizza joint.
It sounded pretty good.
It's very good.
Is it?
Yeah.
Up in there.
What is it called?
Uh, what's the name of it?
I forgot.
What's that?
The pizza place.
Oh, it's a dope.
It's dope.
I think it used to advertise with us a long time ago.
Really?
It didn't ring any bills with me.
Well, I don't know.
I got my power.
My phones are working and my internet is fine.
It seems to be great right here.
It's a little cloudy, a little drippy out there.
Yeah, you're going to float for the next four hours.
I don't think that's a good idea.
That would be a low blow.
I'm not going to do anything like that.
You can't imagine.
The reason not to be there.
I'll tell you that.
You cannot imagine.
You know what?
It's a good reason to think about getting out of here.
Yeah, that's my message today.
I get that to you.
I get that to you.
I get that to you.
Tell people that for years, get out before it's too late.
Well, it's just one hit after another.
And it's getting to the point where it's coming very tough place to live.
Some of these people just get through putting the taste back together from Katrina.
And then the people on the west coast with Charlie last year were there.
Now that the people are rebuilding these expensive homes and guess what?
Surprise.
Yeah.
That's what happens when you're in a tropical swamp.
Not a good idea.
And then upstate New York has got snow and a New Orleans.
When the Jersey had bad weather too.
They had floods down the Jersey shore.
Yeah, Northeastern is getting wild.
One thing I've discovered here though, when you're north of Lake Ontario,
for whatever reason, and boy, I'm kissing the ground right now,
but when you're just north of all of that, we 99% of it you miss.
Well, I'm out of here tomorrow.
Really?
Well, I have to be in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for a Tulsa show on Friday.
For what?
I'm doing a Breeders Cup preview show and their studio is in Tulsa.
So I'm going there tomorrow.
And from there, I'm heading west.
Not to the Las Vegas.
Oh, absolutely.
Excellent.
Well, wait a minute. Don't tell me you're on another vacation.
No, I'm going to work.
You're just going to be doing your show from Vegas.
I think you ought to listen.
This should be the lesson to you, the message.
Have them set you up for the nice studio.
I'm sure that one of the casinos for the publicity would love them.
Well, you've got ramparts on a station out there.
They own two stations out there.
You could do it right from there, or even better than that,
have one of the casinos like the MGM or something like that.
Oh, Caesar's has already said they do it.
Caesar's will be perfect.
In fact, they're putting me up.
A little plug there from the Humper for Caesar.
That's good.
Hey, I'm going, man.
First of all, I have too much work to do to be sitting here without television,
without cable, without newspapers.
On most of parts, why?
They're CNN.
I got my TV.
Got my internet.
We have TV here at the station.
Yeah, I was out of wood by yesterday morning while they were all having a new,
where new people were all getting blown off the face of the map.
I was having a good time.
You know, this was not supposed to be a severe storm when it got to us.
And yet it has been...
Who said that?
Who's that?
And thank goodness.
I didn't get sucked into that.
They kept saying it was going to be Category 1 when it got here.
Well, I don't know what category it was.
But even it was like a three.
Katrina was a category 1 and left a lot of damage especially in dates.
So, but this was so widespread.
What is this about?
What category it is?
You know, that's marginal in terms of what you should be prepared or not.
Right.
In addition, we say we were only guessing anyway.
They didn't know.
This was like a mystery storm.
The only thing they had right was the track from Naples on up to the northeast across the state.
It's not just real good, Neil.
I mean, you should see what's going on here.
It's trees down everywhere.
I asked George and Josh Cortes.
I said, well, is it like back in Andrew when the traffic lights are all out?
Oh, yeah.
People are doing the four-way stop and they said, what traffic lights do you have?
Are 99.5% of the traffic lights are not functioning in this town.
Or gone.
Or gone.
Well, I just haul ass right through there.
Four-way stop or $198 a ticket.
What's that vet go through?
I've seen the way these people do the four-way stop.
Well, the way they're all the main intersections, the police are out.
Well, they better be because the way we're seeing stuff, Florida, is that somebody stops in about four cars.
As soon as the first one goes, it's about three or four behind them go to all the time to go now.
Okay, not good.
One at a time.
Okay, a little bit more orderly, please.
So I guess the only people we're talking to are the people in their cars, right?
Or transistors, yeah.
Or the ones who listened to me also last week when I got their transistor system.
See, I had the jars put all the information on our website, but I guess I wasn't thinking clearly because if people have no power, then they don't have any internet.
So there was kind of stupid.
But at least the people on the rest of the country can see where they can get about boiling the water.
And the more they can get gas and food and ice and stuff like that.
Yeah, well, I'll look at that with interest when I am in another part of the country.
Yeah, well, don't rub it in, but the hang's getting out.
I'm already out.
I'm just waiting for the airport to open.
Yeah.
What's the story?
And you know, the other thing is Neil.
What is the story about that?
Well, today they're closed for today for sure.
I mean, both airports.
Well, both airports.
I know about modern history that they're going to be evaluating, you know, to.
They're already closed.
I think the rest of the day.
They are?
Yeah.
That was the information we had.
Josh had that earlier.
And I saw it on a crawl on Channel 7.
Three major airports are all closed.
Yeah.
For the rest of the day.
Yeah.
For Tuesday.
So otherwise.
But I'm hoping that they're going to be open tomorrow.
And the other thing is that, you know, they closed down 9.95 last night because they have a curfew.
Yeah.
So you're marooned here.
I mean, you can't get out by any kind of transportation.
You're stuck.
So you're flying out when tomorrow?
Yeah.
Tomorrow.
Susan Shoso.
I'm going to go.
You'll be fine.
You'll be fine.
A sunny shining and it's nice and mild in low 70s and the best weather of the year.
It's just almost worth waiting for.
Well, the weather is fantastic.
And you know, the one break that we got is that it's cool enough that people can open the windows and get some air.
Right.
Too bad they know windows in our studio.
That's why George and Josh have to go in there to do their show today.
Yeah.
Because they said about 180 degrees in there.
It's the old shaken bake.
Yeah.
George brought, he's got a big fan with him, which is something at the beast and the clients didn't think of.
The fan?
Who's that Greg?
Yeah, Greg is that me.
Greg is staying in the corner.
The whole show.
The whole show.
He's the biggest fan.
Yeah, he blows.
Yeah.
Hey, Greg.
You're fairy.
Anyway.
Well, listen, I have a safe trip.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Are you going to be on in the morning?
Yes.
Josh is going to be babysitting your show tomorrow.
I don't know what was going on this morning.
Well, first of all, I have no alarm.
You were there.
Well, I couldn't get up this morning without no alarm.
and my cell phone was not, see the cell phones don't work down here either.
Right. So, my phone's working at home but it doesn't ring.
I can call out. I see.
Because there's no power. What does that mean? There's no power.
There's no electricity. I don't know. But I can call out,
but the phone doesn't ring. And my cell phone doesn't, my cell phone rings and
it comes out. Who was it that's used? You know, I'd have gotten up and come in but my
phone isn't ringing. I woke up at seven o'clock and came in. Right.
But I told Josh that last night. I was in communication with him and I said,
if you want me, call me and I'll call the cell phone number because it'll ring.
I have to do with the fact that after you got there, you still weren't saying anything.
I said something. You got the important work to do. I forgot.
Yeah. Well, we're just going to do the best to do our regular show,
interspersing a little information because I don't want to, this business of
getting all modeling depressing especially when we don't really have a news
department. I remember back during Andrew at IOD when we had like Chuck Meyer
and Gretchen, Jennifer Ram and Gretchen and all these other people, Henry Barrow,
real newbie. Yeah, Gretchen and Gretchen. Right. There was a lot of
Gretchen there, especially from your friend, Fort Gary. But anyway, yeah,
we really covered that thing like a blanket. But here we don't, unless it has to
do with the ball game, we don't really know too much. So basically I'm getting
stuff off the internet, out of the newspaper and whatever they, and of course,
they can't face me anything either because the fax lines don't right. And we can
even get, we can't even get a newspaper. Really? There's no place to go on.
So in other words, if I do read this stuff out of the newspapers, I'll be doing a
service today. Yes, you will. Just reading the newspaper and taking a lot of
crap for that. That's correct. From certain.
So what kind did we start doing programming yesterday? Because I heard mad
dog I came in yesterday afternoon. I thought, well, that's when. So he started
it for. Yeah. Well, I was a good idea because the weather, because that thing
blew out of there by noon. It was already a little later than that. Well,
maybe one o'clock. It was already over the ocean. It was in my backyard at one
o'clock. Was it really? Oh, how about damaged by you? You get much. Oh, yeah.
Terrible. Yeah. Trees. No more trees. I live on a little island. We couldn't
get on or off until five o'clock yesterday. There was a big tree block. Now,
back during a Andrew, was it, wasn't it during Andrew that all those big
world palms that highly got uprooted and pulled out of the ground? Yeah. Right.
Wow. Just stop and think about that. Think about how deep in the ground, the
roots of those things are that trees that have been there for like a hundred. Oh,
yeah. But it's, I mean, it's terrible here. Well, looking at the, there's that
dog faced Bonnie Schneider on CNN. She shown all this massive stuff. And it's just,
just south of where I'm sitting right now. It's just over Lake Ontario and then all
of New York state and fully in Jersey and the New England man. Heavy duty rains. And
then the reason being that that other role wasn't even that other thing that
Trump and will storm. They was brewing out there over the Bahamas. Oh,
Alpha Alpha. Yeah. The Greek one and another over the Atlantic. And that kind
of merged with Wilma when Wilma got off from the two of them merged together and then
they ran it as cool from up there. They're traveling at 60 miles an hour.
Groundly and fully airport in San Francisco. They had a bomb thread in Long Beach,
California, your ports are they got the laser out there. This is kind of a good
data stay home and just, you know, call your bookie and punch your guts out. Wow.
Long Beach is a nice airport. Well, it's not so nice to be there now, I guess,
because you're sitting on your ass. Hmm. Closed from a bomb thread. You know,
all you people that call it and funny bomb threads, be a little more
considerate and do it on days when there's less of the crack going on. When you
think, yeah, have a little bit of considerate. Have a little as the Chinese say,
a little rock monis for those travelers out there going through all this hell.
Traveling at best is a nightmare these days. So compounding it with all these
horrible delays and closing and stuff. So you're positive that for a lot of
the airport is closed the rest of the day. That's what's on the crawl on Channel
7. Yeah, they're crying on it. It says it. No, what's that? Are you sneezing? I just
cough. I don't have a cough button. Oh, here it is. There it is. Do not go to that
Doe Boy's pizza. Don't go there, please. Why not? Because it sounds to me like one more
cough and that's the end of the Humper. I haven't been there in a couple of years.
Well, don't make today the day you do it. Just make it open business. You know what?
It's not like you have a lot of choices. Oh, that's right. You have no food in the refrigerator.
I do. I have a half a sandwich left. Well, I rush home and get it right now because
it'll spurle on you. Yeah. Anybody that's got food in the refrigerator, it's a good day to
pick out because it's just going to ruin the spoil anyway. So just when in doubt,
get on there and before it starts getting botulism and stuff on it. Anyway, what it said,
and what it said on Channel 7 was all three major airports were closed. Yeah. Now,
but that doesn't mean the rest of the day. I think that may have been so. Oh,
a whole lot wouldn't be. What did it say for today? For Tuesday, all day. Are you positive?
That's what everyone is saying. I saw that all the websites, all the TV stations, everybody
said that. Not all the websites are saying that because I had an article that said that
maybe it was closed and probably for the rest of the day, but that four-letter deal was
maybe the news hasn't hit Toronto yet. I beg your pardon. Maybe the news hasn't hit Toronto yet.
The internet doesn't work too well. It takes a couple of days before it gets up here. I forgot
about there on the way. Yeah. And you know something? I'm pleased to say it.
Yeah. Well, listen, have a safe trip whenever they start flying it. I'll talk to you in the morning.
All right. Yeah. Have a good day. In between their clearance and the beast out.
I'll be on the alarm. All right. See you. Bye.
I was working in the STEM study research lab with new cells in a dead penis.
Like what I give it a star. There's more recognized skills for the world to be able to
all right there in my George P3 bowl. I do STEM Cerebral Research.
How far do you all for this work? For instance, answer over.
I do STEM Cerebral Research. With my STEM Cerebral Research, for the tonseless
what be good, I can still live right in the bush. If you will bring me bitter cruelty,
if I can make a understood.
What's with with with with?
Sombre Brown that made my phone from me. Seems he's confused about the STEM cell thing.
He asked me before he was a stop to all this. Is there anything you can do about my lint breath?
With some tons I'd stop this thing. As陀 it up to the discernment, well if you will
exist, each of it home, if you show his kids it may then have a Zenmplical called Sandwiches.
I do STEM Cerebral Research. No more boo boo's will hurt.
It's either me or the chair. I do STEM Cerebral Research.
Oh my, with bitter cruelty. It's still here. This is not her dumb bit.
I'm a bad at it.
He has such a poor lottery. I would have had an international airport as close as he could.
That's what it says right here. If anybody is planning on flying into a poor lottery
all day, I would say forget about it. I don't like that.
Anybody there? See, I can't hear you guys now for some strange reason. I have no idea why.
Well, it's because I can't turn my own mic on.
Oh, see, so I got to, I'm at the mercy of Josh.
He never really worked at room except that.
Wow, that's okay. Very informal day today.
Very informal. Just to do the best we can.
Right.
The reason these guys have to be in the sports studio, which is kind of uncomfortable for us.
We don't want to be associated with it.
Let me explain how uncomfortable it is.
But nevertheless, because we have no dots, we can't take any calls in our studio.
And actually we want to get some of those really great calls on here.
People who can notice know what's going on by them.
And if they're still alive, it would be a shame if some of those chronics
got killed during the hurricane yesterday.
Yeah, that would be tragic.
You know, I don't know why, like these kind of shushing people in the hall,
because we have all the doors open in here.
I kind of like the background. I'll be honest with you.
Oh, yeah. I was going on in the hallway.
It was great when I heard Hank coughing there after the
turn of our crossover.
But I was a little bit nervous for him because the last thing you need to be
before taking off for Tulsa is another P-Vel suspension.
Well, I'm not going to rub it in. He's wrong about that.
That would be a terrible thing. In fact, I'll lie to you and say,
I wish I could have been there to be through that yesterday,
but there would be a bad lie.
Just another good reason not to be there.
Okay, now let's play a five-year. Let's do a little break.
It's 10-14, huh?
Yeah, let's do a little break.
I have no log because they couldn't fax me a log or anything.
In fact, you people with the transistor sisters, you have to
count your blessings.
And what we're going to do is, since Hank told me
that no place to buy a newspaper because no place,
you know, the transportation problem, no place to go to electric, etc.
And so on.
I think what I'll do is I'll read both the Sun,
Central, and the Harold, and maybe even the Palm Beach Post
from Cover to Cover.
Oh, but this is Neil Roger.
And in the phone book, this is 560-
Canceling right by the end.
I f***ing blow!
560-
WQA up.
Your sport hall-minded station presents the Neil Roger Show.
Neil won't be in again today,
so that we may provide you with more titillating entertainment.
Well, suited for this area.
And the management state of mind.
Live from the white side of the grove.
It's Miami Hurricanes Girls.ball.
All right.
Well, what better to have on during the aftermath of a hurricane
in Hurricane Dodgeball?
It's 19 past 10.
It's exploding.
Oh, hey, we're back on.
Are you starting in again?
Hey, I don't know what all days when these people are like,
trying to put their lives back together again.
When some of them are probably like semi-suicidal, you know?
So Josh has put the stories up there on our website.
And like I said, I kind of forgot that most of you don't have power.
Well, and look, the people out of town can read it and say,
see a good thing we're not there.
That's right.
The boats we're getting on the pool today,
and that pool's going to stay up a couple of days like the one from
Friday did.
A little bit extra.
Yeah.
Although we do have 212 votes on the pool today,
that's right.
That's right to see, because almost all of them have to be from out of town.
Well, this is interesting.
This is going to be out of town people.
How they feel about something.
Right.
That's right.
This is excluding the South Florida people who are just pissed off and fared up
and disgusted for having to be there.
Anyway, here's what the Sun Central.
Here's the summary of everything that you just survived.
And we assume you survived because otherwise you'd be dead and you wouldn't be listening.
Hurricane Wilma, clover the entire southern half of the state,
yesterday killing 7 people,
causing heavy flooding into Florida Keys,
ripping off roofs from the west coast of the east,
blasting out South Florida off as high-rise windows,
creating one of the largest power outages in Florida history.
Residents had a way, you know,
who really pisses me off?
Especially on Key West.
There are the Florida counterparts of the Key John.
Oh, well, we're a Key John.
We're standing in the Orland.
And it's the same thing with the,
what do they call themselves down there in the Key?
We're the...
The Fagons.
Yeah, the Gagon.
Nothing, there's a name for it.
I don't know.
They call themselves...
Tanks.
That's it.
The Conquery Public.
I think a lot of them suffer from a conch on their head,
because 90% of the people that didn't evacuate
and they just can kiss the ground that they didn't get killed.
You have to be elunatic, a maniac.
At any rate.
Residents had a week to prepare,
but we're still left gasping at Wilma Strength
and Reach, who had went up costing $10 billion in damage.
More than any of the four storms that the state last year.
The hurricane came ashore a 22-mile south of Naples as a cat three.
We're checking to see if Joyce is still alive,
but we're certainly hoping not.
And bloods across the state,
the fifth cat three are hired to hit Florida 19 months.
In South Florida, what made Wilma unique was her wide wake,
closing her reports, causing their universal power outages,
major destruction in Broward,
and aid in Palm Beach counties.
Due to the extensive damage, Broward and Aid counties
were under curfew until seven o'clock this morning.
So you see, Hank shouldn't have probably been coming to work
before seven anyway, because we had a curfew.
Yeah, that's true.
I said, you know, right?
I thought the people would be unpleasantly surprised
by the power of the storm, and I think they've been
unpleasantly surprised at Tony Carper,
Broward's emergency management director,
the strongest hurricane it has in decades.
Let's see.
I don't want to waste my time reading all this other stuff.
Indeed, County Glass rained down from exploded building facades
in the downtown financial district at Brickley Avenue.
Luxury condos, bank buildings,
businesses were heavily flooded.
My International was closed, and let me see it again.
What the Sunset was saying, what they're saying,
Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood International is closed,
and will remain closed.
It doesn't even say for the rest of it,
like maybe for the rest of your life, who now knows?
But it sure is closed.
So anybody planning to bail out
or anybody thinking that they're flying back in,
didn't look too promising.
With electricity out for record,
3.2 million of its customers,
FPNL expects to take up to four weeks to restore service.
Do they do a hell of a job or what?
No. They are really the absolute,
let's salute our folks.
Let's tip our hand to the folks at FPNL.
Up to four weeks to restore power,
to 3.2 million customers,
homes, apartments, businesses,
the utility that serves 35 counties plans to offer
a more processed estimate sometime.
Do they want to expect to resume service
to the very last customer without power?
If they're going to tell us today,
one of the things in other words,
in the one Zagerman Evans come back in the year 2525,
and they've survived a county by county breakdown,
perhaps tomorrow,
and sub-county estimates later in the week
executive said the conference call eight yesterday.
Most outages concentrated in South Florida
with about 98%.
So if you're in your car,
kiss the radio,
if you got one of those transistor systems
that I told you to get last week,
kiss it.
Isn't that what Bubba said?
Kiss it. Kiss this.
With about 98% of all subscribers
are 2.5 million customers in the Tric County
or a daybroward Palm Beach
without service like yesterday
that included more than 862,000 customers in Broward,
657,000 Palm Beach,
and almost a million just shy of a million in the county.
We ask for patience as we work around the clock,
marshalling as many resources as we can
said, geesh-yo Williams,
she must be one of the original geesh-yo girls,
you think?
No doubt.
Or is that geesh-yo?
Yes.
Vice President for distribution of the P&L.
FBNL also asked customers,
please do not call the company to report outages
as easily people trying out their phone lines.
If there appears to be an emergency,
such as a downwind that seems to pose an imminent danger,
call 911 or call 1-800-4-Outage.
1-800-4-Outage, OUT-AGE.
Will the knock power out to more FBNL clients
in any single event of the company's history
said President of the FBNL Armando,
Alavera.
Let's see, I'll put that in my pile,
save that over here.
You're saving it?
Oh, yeah.
And you've got the gas stations that are open,
and I don't want to like,
this would be really bad to tell you this,
but to show you how selfish George is,
he told me before the show
that he wasn't there when there was one sick girl in the room.
You've been going, yeah, I read up the road.
You see you?
And he wasn't going to put the address on here
because he was going to get there first
at two o'clock before they run out of gas.
There you go.
That is bad.
You still going to do it?
No.
Read everything that I got.
What I could do is,
this could be a comedy routine,
reading Clarence's handwriting,
which all looks like doctors.
Hey, how have a job this morning,
by the way, Clarence,
you were just, oh boy, go ahead.
Oh, well, I mean,
I got all kinds of stuff here,
like not just gas stations,
but let's do it orderly, okay?
Like in a hospital.
Let's see if you can see what I have in the order, too.
Let's see if you can see what I have in the order, too.
All right.
We got,
that's,
Doughboys Pizza is not a gas station,
although you might get some bad gas if either,
but I hear it's pretty good.
Make up your own mind what county is.
It's a pretty good thing to have.
It's a pretty good thing to have.
Right now, he's probably on his way.
Come on, fatso.
Quit eating.
Quit showing up.
And that better people shouldn't be eating no pizza.
Go ahead.
Global gas, US one in 57th Avenue.
Doughboys Pizza,
since you just mentioned it.
Hey, this is the order that I have here.
829 17th Street Causeway in Miami around noon, they say.
Latin cafeteria open now, 12th Avenue,
and West 29th Street in Halea.
No, no way to make Latin cafeteria is a gas station.
Listen, if you could see what I have here.
Okay.
And you can't walk into Guamadizem.
Just read the list.
I got five types of paper with it.
You can just get places to get gas,
both areas to eat.
You need to put on them and there's no order.
I wish I could fasten to you to crack up.
Home Depot and the Oakwood Plaza is open.
Citgoe, here we go.
The whole brand of Citgoes is enough to go around.
Open with gas.
72nd and 87th Avenue.
That's 72nd Street.
You make up your own county, whatever you want.
72nd Street and 62nd Avenue.
56th Street and 67th Avenue.
The public's that 112th and 137th Avenue is open.
Public's in Daedland is open.
South Miami Hospital cafeteria is open for some of that,
you know, yellow, good cafeteria.
If you're good,
fellas, rest from 186th and 104th Avenue in Cutler Ridge is open.
Jumbo's restaurant, 7501 Northwest 7th Avenue is open.
Here's some gas.
It doesn't say the name of the gas station, but it's gas.
92nd and bird road.
I'm going to skip that one.
Publix at 800.
What do you mean you're going to skip past that one?
Walmart.
Walmart is open at Sample and Turtle Creek.
That's the Walmart of Coral Springs.
The public's on 184th and Miramar Parkway Pembroke Pines is open.
Also, the public's at Sample and 441 in Margate
is open.
441 in Helen Dale Sitco.
That's the one that I wanted to keep a secret.
It's open.
Walgreens, bird and red.
Sitco, where?
I said 441 in Helen Dale, be 12th of our.
Oh, no, you did not.
Well, trust me, I did.
What?
They have no gas.
Oh, they have no gas, see?
See what happens?
Anyway, Walgreens is bird and red.
Maybe there are many martyrs open.
Yeah, just the many.
I bet they don't have any ice either.
Bird and red.
The Walgreens of bird and red is open.
And so is the Walgreens at Bird and East Flagler.
Wind Dixie on 183rd and 57th Avenue is open.
The public's on 186th Street and 60, let's say 67th Avenue.
That's what it looks like to me.
Is open.
No ice at Lauderdale Park yet.
I don't know why we're reading that.
I got the listing here where people can hear you.
There's also no ice here.
Supplies.
I got all that stuff.
And CSS is selling generators.
Call them at 954-410-0809.
410-0809.
Yeah, and that brings us to the,
that's back around at the beginning.
What I just read there.
Great.
Okay, also most of Broward and areas of Palm Beach
are under a boilwater alert.
I will do all of this stuff from the,
it grows apart, sti, by the way.
I mean, there is other stuff going on in the world.
And I'm sure since people couldn't get newspapers
and they got no electricity,
they can't see the TV.
We got TV right here.
TV week.
There's Mrs. Limbo on there.
28 past 10 at WQAM.
Great threat.
Stability and security.
And our government is doing everything
and it's power to confront and defeat that threat.
We are expanding and strengthening terrorism.
These efforts are paying off.
We have established the terrorists
from the mountains of Central Asia
to the deserts of the Middle East
and from the Horn of Africa to the Philippines.
There is more to do.
In the next several months,
suicide bombings, the headings,
and other horrific acts
can and should be accelerated
and we're working toward that goal.
We're doing everything in our power
to invite disaster
and by staying focused
and determined,
we will prevail.
Thank you for your welcome.
And man, you're doing a hell of a job.
Thank you for those little gas prices.
Thanks for all of the global warming
that you're helping contribute
to with your friends and big business.
I would say he is like Old Brownie Brown.
He's doing a heck of a job.
Heck of a guy.
Doing a heck of a job.
2064 or 11 o'clock.
We got more at two o'clock this afternoon
to illuminate and elucidate.
And then mad dog at four.
Pants are previewed with seven damn good thing
that that game is on the road
against the penguins.
Whoever won a game yet, by the way, this season.
I think they got like,
instead of sitting crows,
we think they got Bing Crosby
and Maria Lut.
The MU and all that proud.
Anyway, the Panthers at the
of penguins, seven thirty,
followed by the Ed Kaplan show.
And we'll do our best to, uh,
you know, entertain and amuse and inform.
We got to inform, right?
Yeah, sure.
I mean, you know, we can put a little
a little trouble on somebody's face
after this trauma that they went through yesterday.
It's worth a million dollars, I would say.
In fact, just send it in small bills to us.
We'll do it up.
And we'll send a whole bunch to charity.
A whole, uh,
about 30 million dollars.
Both my,
my international and Fort Lauderdale
Hollywood airports closed yesterday
after suffering damage from Hurricane
Wilma and my,
the officials were skeptical
whether they could resume flights today.
This is what the hero is saying.
Because there seems to be some debate.
They're playing it like minute by minute,
hour by hour.
The roofs of some terminal buildings at MIA
were significantly damaged
and fencing along the perimeter road
was down, said Greg Chinn
and airports spokesman.
It's not a safe place to be right now.
Chinn said we're getting maintenance
crews to get the breached parts
of the fence fixed as soon as possible.
But if need be to get to your
port open as soon as possible,
the staff people in those breached areas,
he said.
At Fort Lauderdale airport officials met
with airline representatives
and the TSA last night
about the earliest time the airport
can resume flights.
I'm going to keep checking this
like every 10 seconds, okay?
Okay.
And I'm sure that you got,
uh,
now let's see,
you have the cable in there, right?
We have, I don't know if it's cable,
but we have the local channels.
You got no,
and that's our,
our partner with NBC6,
which is sure got a lot of airtime
last couple of days.
So you want to like, uh,
just keep checking their crawl.
And the bad news is that over the weekend,
you know, see it not CNN,
it was MSNBC.
They kept thrown on Channel 4,
because I guess they have a skeleton crew
on MSNBC over the weekend.
It's a cheap ass operation, obviously, anyway.
And they kept, uh,
and they kept throwing, uh,
Channel 4 and then the Channel 6 on there too.
And so I was entertained by, um,
Tony Cigaretteau and Jackie Nespro,
I kept thinking to myself,
oh, this is like a bad dream.
Well, look at you, the O'Leah,
like we have one of those little
portable battery operated, uh,
TV things.
Yeah, it could only pick up Channel 7.
Oh, yeah, that's the thing worse than death.
I thought I was doing that.
Kelt your lucky stars.
And every time I saw it,
oh, there's that dog-faced Bonnie Schneider.
But certainly,
everyone's saying it's a seven degree,
so picking up some moisture
as a result of when we're being close enough.
But not the perfect storm
that we were anticipating last week,
which is a good thing.
That's no reason.
It's a very good time.
We've had an absurd so many, huh?
We're already producing some snow
through parts of Western sections of Pennsylvania.
And we're expecting that snow
to work its way up into the higher elevations
of Massachusetts into the mountains of the North.
Oh, my God.
Upstate New York.
Plenty of rain and wind deal with as well.
Check out these wind gusts.
In New York City, it's already gusting up
to 38 miles per hour.
Cleveland at 30.
And that's pretty far west.
But on the one-wendy city, you know,
they say 47 mile an hour,
gust in Boston.
A lot of time.
They got to the real tourists there.
Oh, speaking of our news partner.
Yes, they got three TVs
showing local news here in the studio.
10, 4, and 7.
Is on the TV's.
So our news partner is not one of the ones
that we're able to watch in here.
Well, then, how are they
pounding up channels six on Morning Longman?
And yesterday, I don't know.
It's not on one of these TVs.
Maybe they'll be emoting here.
Well, we probably figured they got
enough coverage already.
Well, I don't understand what do me.
It's not on those TVs.
Well, there's four TVs there, like a crystal sets.
They're tuned to one frequency.
New one, you'll want to get one channel.
Well, there's the four total.
One is on 10.
One is on seven.
One is on four.
And the other one is on the kids too.
Baranstein bears.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's remote channel.
Is that what you're trying to say?
There are no scattered about the room.
But who knows what goes to what?
Yeah.
Well, just give it a shot.
It'll be something really.
Oh, really?
Anyway, Miami International had one runaway open yesterday.
Mostly the serve government workers.
But closed.
airline and cargo operators had moved their planes
to other locations in advance of Wilma.
American Airlines, Miami's largest carrier,
had kept two jets in their hangars.
The planes wore damage.
It said airlines spokesman that delays.
Also closed.
Port Everett Lades in Port David County,
both without power.
Broward officials said FBNL has made
restoring power to port Everett Lades in priority
because it's the infu point.
For most of the softwaters gasoline tankers, aha.
The borrowed port handles about 13 million gallons of gas
today is responsible for about a fifth of all the states
gasoline.
So that's a high priority.
And also, any place that FBNL officials
live in that area, that's also a high top priority,
getting power restored.
Isn't that correct?
OK.
Trust me.
I will.
Now, most of Broward and areas of Palm Beach
are runaway boilwater alert.
In Palm Beach County, boilwater alert,
by the way, means tap water is not drinkable.
Don't drink it unless it's been boiled for at least three minutes.
In fact, to be out of safe shot aside, the three and a half.
Yeah, that's a hard boil, by the way.
Yeah, that's a hard ruling boil.
You're boiling boiling boiling boil.
Like, boiling like you're going to throw a pasta in it.
In fact, that's not a bad idea.
I play that long sound effect, but you know how that goes.
Oh.
Palm Beach County, Delray Beach, Riviera Beach,
Highland Beach and Lake Worth are all under a boilwater
alert in West Palm Beach.
All city customers are without water.
There will be under a boilwater alert.
One services restored said Marke Yansura, a city spokeswoman.
City officials know of at least 15 breaks in the city's water lines
in West Palm and water treatment plan as we see some damage.
In Broward, the city of Coconut Creek,
residents who received their water bill from the city of Coconut Creek,
boil that water in the city of Deerfield Beach,
city of Fort Lauderdale, city of Hollywood,
residents in areas west of State Road 7, east of the Turnpike,
and south of Hollywood Boulevard, east of the Turnpike,
and south of Hollywood Boulevard.
Is that include you?
No.
I'll dump out of the water then.
City of Lauderdale Lake, city of Lighthouse Point,
residents in the northern portions,
which has a little bit vague to me.
I don't know.
I don't like the way that it says it here,
north of what?
City of Oakland Park, city of Parkland,
residents in eastern areas, again vague and nebulous,
city of Pembroke Park, city of plantation,
including unincorporated Broadview Park,
and the area located north of Sunrise between 56th ab and sunset strips
served by the city of plantation,
city of Pembroke Beach, residents in northern portions
that we serve the water bill from Broward County,
water wastewater services, the city of West Park,
city of Miramar.
That's just down the road from us.
Right.
The residents north of Southwest 25th Street
and the south of Southwest 10th Street.
Don't die, don't die.
City of Tamarach, the entire city,
Boilett, city of Wild Manor's Boilett,
Lauderdale Bay of the Sea, North Pyre airport, Boilett,
unincorporated Broward County,
residents in the area bounded by Broward Boulevard
and the south, north west 25th way on the east
and northwest 15th court, on the north
and Northwest 38th Avenue on the west.
Little two complex from I nimble mine.
Delray Beach, a police spokeswoman Jeff Messer
said that his city has multiple main breaks
and while water pressure will be restored
when the storm clears, the boy water order
will continue to further notice.
Let's see.
I guess Dave County is not under way.
I'll boy water notice.
Hey.
I don't know.
Well, this is the Sun 70.
You see, I could check.
I did a roll over by that.
I better double check, because the Sun
sent us so obsessed with the brown and Palm Beach,
especially Palm Beach County.
The water is good in date.
Well, then drink it.
Well, wait a minute.
That's good in date.
Come on down and drink some, man.
In fact, if you live in a brown,
well, don't waste a guess.
Not a good idea.
Well, after the break, I will do the...
They off the roads.
We're going to be doing a lot of this today,
because I do have my regular bedtime stories,
because especially since most people without power
can't see what's happening on the TV, they don't have one.
Right.
And since we don't have really an all-new station
in the market anymore, do you realize
whether this is a disgrace that is,
to keep channel, you people are lunatics, crazy people.
I mean, we used to have like an all-new station.
There used to be eye and z,
and there was supposedly going to be WI.
Didn't they put a lot of bogus right-wing Nazi talk shows
on there instead?
Very embarrassing.
Although I'm sure that they're right doing their best,
you know, probably they got John Lefford on there,
what do you think?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Food, water, ice, other hurricanes, supplies.
We got fade-broward and pom-be-troll.
That's water in date is good.
Rosa Parks is dead, and life will go on.
This is Neil Roger.
I'm going to die.
The White House and somebody to his duty, oh.
They said he'd get paid if he plugged bushes plans on the radio.
Absolutely.
The AY-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A.
They walked up to him, offered 240 grand,
to spin a few lies in an envelope, they always pay, oh, la.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A.
Well, they talked real nights about my child, but behind.
And got tax payers cash each time.
News got around that he collected a fee.
They said he's in the pocket of Bush-Jane.
The law's strong Williams-O-Radiol guy.
Betty regrets taking drugs.
He gets a damn tooth-fail, oh, la.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A.
P-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A.
Can you say sell out?
It's a 12-meters before 11 at 560 WQ-A-N.
Those of you with no electricity and no radio, well, shame on you, right?
Right.
In fact, maybe they can just live in their car.
Don't run a battery down, listen to your car, but not a bad idea though, right?
Because you're not supposed to be driving any houses.
Limbs and trees and all kinds of crap down in the car line.
They didn't make me come in here.
I would have stayed home with all the kids.
Hey, traffic lights.
Very few traffic signals work.
And probably like 99% of them are out either not functioning or like hanging and dangling
and stuff like that.
Oh, hey, here's a tip.
Because there are some cops directing traffic on selected intersections.
When the cop is waving at you to go, please go or just flip them off.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Well, you have to be alert for that.
You're a little bit, you're, you're, yeah, and that's what I think a little bit out of,
I understand them, don't you?
OK, here's the deal.
Food, water, ice, other herkins supplies.
I realize a lot of this is redundant and parents has been reading an over and over and over.
But you know something, what else are we going to do?
Now, you could punch up on a call if we had any.
OK.
Do you see any lines flashing there?
Do it.
Say hello.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
You OK?
Yeah, I'm OK.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm here, my amulets, man.
I mean, this, this, this, these are a war zone.
Yeah.
I mean, it's awful trees all over the place.
There's, there's a hardening electricity all over there.
There's a couple of places that are selling nice and stuff.
Yeah.
And, but man, I'm telling you, you're lucky.
You're in Toronto.
Amen.
So I'm going to go outside right now and kiss the sidewalk.
I'm going to kiss the ground.
That's how happy it is to be.
Yeah, you have to do it like 30 times.
I'm going to kiss it probably.
Not 30, man.
And again, exactly, man.
Yeah, the hand in there, Pally.
Good luck to you.
Hey, thank you, man.
Take care.
OK.
Well, there's a call.
See, that was good.
Yeah.
He's the tree.
A lot of trees uprooted just ripped right out of the ground.
It's category three is not to be monkey with, including the one on my house.
Some of these silly people out there.
Reports I'm getting is that I got lucky there.
But you will, you never know.
Never know until I have like a room by room inspection and like, you know, check it all out.
And of course, that thing with the airports, oh, brother.
Anyway, here's the list.
Broward County.
Ice, water and this, this is going to take a long time.
But you know what it's what else we're going to do, right?
Nothing.
And don't go looting.
OK, we don't want the same reputation as those slime balls in New Orleans that were in
the same thing.
Where do they just have?
Oh, and the cancun and the cousin, yeah, they would just show the same stuff.
By the way, too late.
They're already looting it up.
Well, I'm just giving my advice.
OK, I want to be on the side of a lot.
And this is not a situation where there's like no, no food available at all or water
rice.
That's why we're going to give this list over and over again.
Instead of going in there and looting places and don't be looting no sneakers, of course,
unless they're nighties.
Cooper City, ice water and food will be available at Brian Piccolo Park.
Remember that movie, Brian Song?
Yes.
James Combe.
95-01 Sheridan Street, hours to come.
It says, well, see, this is not the acceptable hours to come, my ass.
I just, no, I don't like that.
Well, anyway, 95-01 Sheridan, that's not far from you.
Right?
Right, way out there.
It's West.
That's far.
I find one for you.
You can go to the Oakwood Plaza between Sheridan and Gas.
Yeah, they got a generator.
Just need some gas.
Crossbrings for more information.
It just has a phone number for a food, water and ice, call 954-344-1001.
We do have this at our website.
So if you know anybody, it's got a computer go and look at this.
That's got electric and a computer.
344-1001.
Daniel Beach, free ice and water.
We distributed it at City Hall sometime to, again, sometime today, between now and
in Sookas, called Dane Emergency Operations Center at 954-924-3600 before you go
schlepping over there to find out whether they're distributing or not yet.
924-3600.
Hollywood.
Residents could pick up ice and water at Oakwood Plaza.
David Buster's parking lot between Sterling and Sheridan East of Interstate I-95.
Well, you're familiar with that, didn't know where you through all those shows.
Right, that's right there.
Right there.
Right there for you.
Lauderdale Lakes for information, call 954-53580-2015.
Let me try it again.
954-535-2815.
In Lauderdale Hill, ice and water, we distributed it at City Hall Park located in 1900 northwest
55th Avenue.
As far as the food is concerned, I'd go over to Doe Boys.
Yeah, man.
There's a mega effort.
Also, if there's any restaurants that are open, they ought to be callin' us in or like
faxing us in or something.
And, huh?
Doe Boys, they have a correction and a second location that's going to be opening up if
you want me to get there.
Okay.
The correction is because Clare's had Miami written down here even though I said 70-
What the hell does he know?
Exactly.
It's 829-17th Street Causeway in Fort Lauderdale, as opposed to-
Oh, he wasn't far off.
As opposed to the 17th Street Causeway in Miami, it's not there.
And they have another location going to be opening at noon at 172 and Pines.
And-
Yeah, so they offered to bring us some food down here at the station, which I say.
Oh, right.
Yeah, baby.
Okay, good.
And then if it's good, we can say, boy, this is a place you will-
They have people lined up for 10 miles.
And if it's bad, then we'll save you a lot of gas.
Lauderdale, I still watered at City Hall Park at 1900 North was 55th Avenue.
In Miramar, residents can call 9.5.4.
Sick-
Well, what kind of a number is this?
602-4357-HELP for city service questions.
I don't think the help is part of the phone number, okay?
A curfews and forth from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. until further notice in Miramar.
We know that.
Could try to boss people around.
North Lauderdale, shelter at Park Lake Elementary School, 3925 North State Road 7 Lauderdale lakes.
Two truckloads of ice and water will be available today and Kimberly Boulevard-
Kimberly Boulevard Boulevard, it says here.
Boy, that's how you ever put this together.
I know they're under a lot of pressure and State Road 7.
Kimberly Boulevard and State Road 7, Pines Park, 7800, Pines Boulevard, starting at noon.
Starting at noon in North Lauderdale.
In Parkland for information called 9.5.4, 753-5040, 753-5040.
Leave it to our good friends and plantation managers.
It says in plantation called the Citizens Hotline, 9.5.4, 585-2363, 585-2363, or log on to plantation.org.
Nobody's got any electric, okay?
How do I get a log on to plantation.org?
Use silly people, you quizzlings.
But what about that?
That's it.
Sunrise.
These cities offering updates on their website, sunrisefl.gov.
Well, that's good, but nobody's got any power.
So you silly people on sunrise.
Tamarack.
Tamarack, Hurricane Helpline, is at 9.5.4, 724-2436.
724-2436.
Western.
Residents can call City Hall to report problems.
That's not, I'm not even going to read that.
Okay, I'll read it anyway, but it's not something to do with food, water, ice, and stuff.
9.5.4, 385-2000.
Wilton Manors.
For, I thought we already did Wilton Manors, I guess not.
For general information, 9.5.4, 831-4000.
There's a lot of stuff on here that's aggravating.
Anyway, Palm Beach County, do we really want to do Palm Beach County?
You told me.
Boka.
Oh, look at this.
Boka, 561-4163-400, or tune into 1650 AM.
Cable channel 20, or myboka.us.
First of all, they ain't got no power.
So they're not going to tune in to be a channel 20.
They're not going to go to myboka.us because they got no internet.
1650 AM, whatever that is.
It's some, who knows what that is.
I have no, the FHP channel.
Maybe Modus is sure if they're in Bokin a spare time when he's not playing golf or listening to us.
Point and beach for more info call 561-742-6455.
Delray.
Pompi Park.
Not Pompino Park, but Pompi Park will be distribution center for ice if necessary.
Call 561-243-7400, or then it's got the way.
I'm not going to read any websites.
Let's see.
Jupiter is too far.
Lake Worth.
561-586-7991 for more information.
Is this stuff we got to send our website to?
Okay.
Not that anybody can see it because they have no park.
They look like a hoki.
Oh, they have that's great cherry pie.
FHP community center be distribution center for ice and water.
In Pompi, it's called the town hotline at 561-227-7070-227-7070.
In, uh, oh, and then we'll get to today's category.
We got to do business first.
This is Neil Roger.
The Neil Roger's cell.
This is your brain.
Dr. Dory.
Only questions.
Flintstones.
They're always stone.
They're the really stone of family.
Always smoke and crack rock.
They get high more than my barley.
Body.
You're a pretty boy.
Did you get the reaper, right?
You should, Fred.
It's Columbia not gold.
Yeah, that's good.
A couple of jokes in her behind is it teradecto.
Hey, body.
Are these leopards getting spot moving?
There's no friends.
You're just really f***ing dumb.
Yeah, but never f***ing stupid.
Yeah, but never f***ing stupid.
Okay, if anything happened to Joyce during the storm, when somebody needs to advise us,
then we can take the bleep sound of some of these bits.
Yeah, that would be a labor of love.
Then we can put a few smiles on a few faces out there as opposed to having live under all this repression and f***ism.
Right.
Like our son under her bush.
By the way, WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale.
We got to go.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I didn't hear that in that region.
I was a little bit nervous.
WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale.
Well, it's a ploy.
We have sweet water and kindle.
Boydware prohibited.
And the cruel oral springs.
Okay, in Dave County, ice water and distribution centers.
Supplies will be available to approximately 2 this afternoon.
Home Depot.
Well, this is, well, it's not that long.
Home Depot 15750 Southwest 88th Street, Miami.
Metro Zoo.
Harris Field.
1034 Northeast A.C.
They're homestead.
Amelia Earhart Park.
401E 65th Street in the High Alia.
The Orange Bull.
Oh, God.
Don't go there.
Miami Day Community College North.
And Miami Day Community College Kendall campus.
80 Barnes Park.
341 Southwest 77nd Street, Miami.
Tammy Amipark.
1121 Southwest 24th Street, Miami.
The Mall of 163rd Street.
Oh, you don't want to go there in North Miami Beach.
And landmark property formerly called the landmark learning center.
At 20600 Northwest 47th and in Miami.
That's where ice and those are ice water distribution centers.
And supplies will be available there approximately 2 this afternoon.
Now, or then, oh boy, a lot of lists today.
A lot of reading lists.
It's going to be a real workout, you know?
Palm Beach County opens 11 supply sites today.
Schools closed through Friday.
What a shock.
All these locations in Palm Beach County will have ice and water.
Some will have food, but they aren't specifying what you're going to have food.
Go there and say, hey, you better have food.
I'm going to be really upset.
Just jumping down and pitch a fit or pitch a tent.
Here are the sites.
Gamery Judge.
What is that?
Calorie Judge Grove.
What is that?
I don't know.
Is that like a miss print?
Calorie Judge Grove.
That's at 4,01 Seminole Pratt Whitney Road in Laxahatchee.
Oh, well, Palm Beach Community College.
South County Civic Center at 167,00 jog road west of Delray Beach.
South Florida Fairgrounds at 967 Boulevard west of West Palm Beach.
Bill Glade Fire Station at 525 Southwest Seconds Beach in Belgrade.
The boat, I see that had a house on fire in Bocca.
Do you see that?
Yes, I did.
Bocca Municipal Center, 6500 Congress Avenue in North in Bocca.
Gaines Park, 1501 Australian Avenue West Palm.
The Prohoki Community Center, 360 East Main Street.
Stop by Prohoki Man for that fabulous cherry pie that Pocca is so famous for.
Pompi Park.
I already did a couple of these.
Tanner Park, 105 Pompi Road in South Bay.
And the Wells Recreation Complex named either after Mary Wells or maybe Chris Wells at 2409 West Avenue,
H in River Beach.
Some previously announced sites, Vert Reynolds Ranch or Roger Dean Stadym will not be operating.
At least today it says, it will not be operating.
Pompi County Schools be closed at least through Friday.
More than 95% of schools have no electric anyway.
Let's see, where else is there?
That's Pompi Beach.
I got a list of about 55,000 cancellations and stuff like that.
And I just, you know, I have to be a little used a little bit of discretion.
Because otherwise we'll hear it all midnight.
Well, no, because the list is so long, there's so many addresses here.
And, oh, God, it's just a ponderous.
Okay, we gave it the date County Ison Water locations.
Let's see.
And as if we really need to tell you about schools being closed, schools are closed.
Right.
Right?
I've got the whole list here.
I don't know.
I mean, if anybody out there is that stupid thing.
It's a good thing to be in school today.
Stay home.
Yeah, don't go to school.
Don't drive.
Stay off the phone unless it's necessary because the phone lines are jamming.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, airports, like I said, might be international closed until further notice for Lauderdale Hollywood closed until further notice.
Florida Keys and Marathon closed today.
Key West International Airport closed today.
They say passengers advised to call your airlines and determine when service will resume out of Miami and or for Lauderdale.
Some flights might not be operating even after the airports reopen.
So call your airline.
I'm not going to give you those phone numbers on here because who cares?
Dade Transit Metro Rail Services Spend three to five days for repairs.
A bus bridge will run free public buses parallel to the Metro Rail.
Buses are running on a limited route.
Or is that route?
Monroe County bus service suspended till further notice.
Broward County Transit service suspended all day today.
Port of Miami on determined.
Cruise passengers called your cruise line.
Port Everglades closed the shipping traffic.
Cruise passengers called their cruise line first.
Alligator Alley.
Toll suspended in the east and westbound directions.
On the Florida Turnpike.
Toll suspended northbound and southbound from exit one to exit 309.
The Polk Parkway never heard of a toll suspended.
You know where there is?
Are you eating food?
Oh, I got a Closelabar here.
Kind of a movie.
Oh, I thought you had the pizza show.
Oh, I didn't mean.
Doe boy.
Come on, doe boys.
Bring us all the food you want, man.
Because we're going to give you lots and lots of good plugs.
And it better be good because of it's bad.
We'll trash your ass.
And an extra one to take home.
Right.
A couple extra is two for George and two for George to take home.
Sawgrass Expressway.
Toll suspended north and southbound.
The sunshine, skyway bridge.
Toll suspended in the northbound direction.
The date Expressway Authority.
All toll suspended, including the Dolphin, the Don Shuler.
They grant me the airport to snapper Creek Expressway.
Special Operations Committee.
Important Directors meeting set forward today.
Post-bone.
Rick and backer, MacArthur Venetian,
Judy Tidal Causeways, closed today to everyone
by residents or essential personnel.
Let me say it again.
The Rick and backer, MacArthur Venetian and Judy Tidal Causeways,
closed today to everyone except residents or essential personnel.
Courts, closed today.
Got it.
I'm not going to read them all.
I mean, you know, who's going to go to court today?
Exactly.
Hospitals.
Cleveland Clinic Hospital.
Our patient and elective procedures canceled today.
E.R. remains open.
The employee hotline at the Cleveland Clinic 954-689-5777-689-5777.
Patient information.
954-659-5000.
Six-595000.
Jackson Memorial.
Outpatient and elective procedures canceled clinics closed.
Pregnant women are called Jackson's Maternity Hotline.
At 305-585-2229.
Or Jackson's South 305-251-25500.
Jackson's Health System Employees call 305-5858-8000.
Why am I giving that number out?
If you don't know the number where you work, probably better off you're not there.
Memorial Health Care Assistant to me, elective and outpatient procedures canceled today.
And Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood and Memorial Hospital in Pember find.
Postal service.
Offices closed and delivery suspended in zip codes 3-2-7-0-0-2-3-4-9-0-0,
which includes the Edgar Howard Monroe and Palm Beach counties.
I thought that whether a hail or rain or snow or a will-mine,
they just wrote that on that building.
It has nothing to do with them.
Look at that here.
They're showing, look at this.
It's just been hit hard by heavy rains over the past couple of weeks.
We had that situation in Tony, Massachusetts, where there was an old dam that was threatening to give way
from all the pressure from all the rain and the water in that.
There's some dark and collected reported news, but who can tell he's got that red smiter blown all over his head?
Putting the plates, but still.
A lot of sure was going to see Rob Marciano in there left this weekend.
Anyway, let's see, you gave me the Postal Service closed at today's delivery suspended no mail.
No bills today.
That's good.
Trash pickup.
We are.
All the freighted powered garbage recycling involved trash pickup suspended.
Date County, it's an ongoing assessment.
Once the county oppresses the damage, the debris pickup will begin.
Well, thank God for that.
Go out there and get all that crap off the roads and the sidewalks and everybody's yard.
All those limbs and trees.
Man, city of Miami regularly scheduled garbage collection expected to resume today,
provided that roadways are clear.
How do you like that?
Let's hand it to those folks in day going out there and pick it up that trash.
Those sanitary engineers, you go boys.
Hollywood debris removal begins today.
Good news for you.
Good.
Moral gables trash pickup resume today, but expect collection one day later than regularly scheduled pickup day.
Recycling is suspended until a little further notice.
Municipalities, they're all closed.
Residents of the board of water I did.
Price scouting hotline.
If I'll complain with a Florida attorney general, call this number.
866-231-866-9-0-scam.
We're just 9-0-Schmitt.
1866-9-0-scam.
That's 866-966-7226.
For those of you who are a little bit too slow, people are stupid or just panicky to convobulate it.
1866-966-7226.
Anybody tries to rip you off?
And of course, now that we have that new law in effect, they're trying to gouge me, man.
Yeah.
Come gouge this.
Parks are of course all closed.
Not a day for me taking the kids to the park.
And then as far as events, I don't know whether I should do these because there's so many, you know.
Shall I be selective?
Be selective.
Daniel Highlight, closed Monday for summer cast.
Was a little late for that.
That was yesterday.
Festival Miami, concert performances, post-pone.
There was one thing about the Jewish holidays.
Oh yeah.
Eight off and Rose Levis Jewish Middle East Center in Boca will be closed today in tomorrow for the holidays.
How is that?
Eight off is a Jewish name.
You better watch it, Mr. with an anti-sematic and right after a Wilma.
This is not the time for that.
Eight off.
He makes a hell of a meat tenderizer.
I'll tell you that.
So they heard about it.
What, what's your, is this circus or something now?
I tell you what the government is.
The other keeper isn't that enough to keep everybody satisfied for a couple of months for Christ's sake.
I think so.
Let's see.
The fourth order of the International Bocho post-posed to October 29th in November 1st.
Friday fights if he's self-load of fairgrounds, canceled to October 28th.
Key West fantasy's best post-posed until tomorrow for kickoff.
Oh, that must be where Duff is, you see?
No, I spoke to him this morning.
And he's here in town.
And how do you make out?
Well, I didn't mean by any reason.
He's trapped because he's over on the beach somewhere.
I mean, he's trapped.
But you know how they close the bridges.
All the bridges are down, so he's trapped over there.
That's why he's not here.
The little bridges are down.
He just called.
He said he's working his way over here.
Working my way back to you, baby.
And he's got rubber out.
Go home, Duff.
Key West fantasy's best post-posed until tomorrow.
Vets will continue to October 30th.
About 30, man.
Mine, let's see.
The Mosaic Theater.
Is that named after Jack Bozayev?
Who?
Well, I'm like, oh, the 9th nails concert yesterday at Bank of Atlantic Center post-posed new day TBA.
I'm a beach-poised concert post-posed until last week in December TBA.
Bon Jovi ticket.
I know Jordan's upset about this.
Yeah.
Tickets go us on sale Saturday at the Bank of Atlantic Center.
Hit the box office 10 a.m. at says October 29th.
Chicago Blues on Harrison Street.
Nobody cares about that.
Oh, the domino tournament.
Oh, boy.
That's really.
Yeah.
I'm looking.
I'm just looking through these to see if there anyone.
Oh, Hanson Sunday concert at post-posed and top of the beach post-posed new day TBA for Hanson.
At least the TBA goes to the Hanson concert, but it will be shot at the entranceway.
That's incredible.
Hanson, my ass.
I'm looking for this.
Anya, you know, there might be some of that pet clinic.
Broward County's low cost pet vaccination clinic post-posed until November 19th.
Plantations are in the park weekend post-posed until December 10th and 11th.
Los Rathas de Bajo, raks below.
Premier post-posed until October 31st at PM at Teatro Tower.
I just wanted to say Los Rathas de Bajo.
Yeah, it's about my basement.
Isn't.
I don't have a basement, buddy.
And the Red Hat Ladies toy collection has been post-posed until October 29th and Wild Manors.
And Wild Manors got lots of ladies.
At a sucks.
With your latest update, I'm Todd Keller.
There's many important things going on that you won't want to wake up to.
So here's sports instead.
Sports God, Chiquillo Neal.
Many of the sport holes wish of gay men think Omana had a painful hang-yel today.
Wait a minute, buddy.
Where is the love?
Where is the love?
I'm the don't promote the prestigious Kakathony.
The...
The...
The...
Where is the love?
Another chestnut.
My baggy pants would fill style of U-Mamm.
I can't.
You know, like an...
Where is the love?
No, no, no, no, no, no...
You know, wait a minute.
Where'd he go?
You know what this reminds me at a time I bought an SRS?
And all the time I thought I would buy this sports stock.
Oh man, what do you know what I say there, Dr. Dudley?
Cha, it's you again.
Yeah, listen.
I hear you specialize in SRS.
Oh no, what is that?
I don't know if it's come out or what it is. How many horsepower?
Time to trade you don't understand. It's a sex change.
Well, since I'm already here.
What is your problem?
Well, doc, I've always been a lesbian.
Hey, do you want to go with a white coat and a clipboard
and then all this talk about Harriet Myers and his...
So, you want an SRS?
Yeah, yeah.
With Puerto Rican mirror dice and an A-track.
Okay, yeah. Let me check your ears.
Sure.
Second off the great matter, huh?
Kind of think Idaho's seen this many potatoes.
I'll see you in bag. You can keep your pants on.
Now, 10 wide.
Okay, then all my stuff will be along it to a clock.
I guess he'll have to slip all the way from Boka in that mess, huh?
It's going to be a mess to the highways or a wreck. It's brutal.
Wow. Drive carefully, Mo.
And then we got to Mad Dog before. He was on yesterday. So, he's a veteran now.
I wouldn't have done the show yesterday, but they didn't want to risk a whole bunch of you guys' lives coming in there.
Which he wouldn't have done anyway. The storm was raging at...
You know, in the morning.
Raging at 8 y'all?
Sure. Yeah.
It didn't calm down until afternoon.
And then when they told me they had some schmuck running aboard there that does know it's asked for my elbow
and wasn't going to be able to do this and do that.
I said, oh, no, that's okay. I'll just...
Stay out.
Yeah.
Beginning and agonizing all two from India.
Oh, guess who died? The owner of the New York Giant.
So, Wellington Mirror, 89 died a cancer.
Oh, wow.
Just in, and of course, Rosa Parks died.
We'll get eventually to all of that stuff.
I got the whole pile of stuff here that I want to get to.
Okay, let me just do this.
Here's the poll result from Friday, which I realize has not...
Oh, there's your fat ass governor.
Oh, by today.
Oh, God.
Get him out of the town.
And that's why you keep getting all these hurricanes.
The Lord has really pissed off at him, man. All the lies and all the crap.
And we're there slotted by the way, Jeb.
You idiot. You quizzling.
You're fairly...
You're going to lead the way?
Yeah, we're going to lead the way, all right.
Lead your way right out of town. Right out of Dodge.
Oh, compared.
Governor Jeb Bush, and I'll give you an update on the recovery of Hurricane Wilma.
This was an intense storm.
Please don't tell me that's who I think that is.
Is that Ilianna with the glasses now she's wearing?
It looks like Ilianna with the glasses.
Oh, no.
That was Ilianna Rosanna Dana.
And all she said was it was all...
Oh, great.
Yeah.
What music group were singered you secretly like, but would never admit it?
That was the poll on...
Jesus, it seems like a month ago, Friday.
We had the 1943 vote, but it was under a long time.
Very manllow winds, hey, Barry.
You fair.
28 votes.
George Michael 125, Abba 13.
The Bee Gees 94.
Boy George 86.
See, I...
The fact that there are 86 people like him, I mean, name me a song that he did that you like.
Who?
Boy George.
Oh, me?
No.
Talking to somebody else in a shirt.
Yeah.
Elton John 81, Neil Diamond 80, a legend in his own mind.
M&M 66, the monkey 62.
What's not to like, the monkey's made some fun music.
Not great, but...
Oh, you sleepy queen.
What was it?
The show was a campy comedy music.
Right.
It was fun.
John Bon Jovi 54, no macho guy admit sad.
The carpet is 50, Michael Jackson 35, 50, 50.
The village people 47, Avril of Ene 45, Barbara Streisand 45, St. Nose.
Backstreet boys 42, Elvis 40.
Captain and Chlamio 39, St. Dan 34, Journey 33, Aureo Speedwagon 33, Millie Vanilley 29, Jimmy Buffett 25.
How about another Cheaper group in Paradise, Paradise My Ass, Rick Nelson 25, Aurem 25, Ann Marie 23.
That's scary.
Rod Stewart and Kiss 20 of Peace, Celine Dion 19, and Luis Miguel and Will Smith 19 of Peace.
Ricky Martin 18.
Hey, Ricky.
You fairly.
And Stink 18, Maroon 518, David Cassidy 18.
Hey, David.
You fairly.
Uh, Shine Hado Conner 17, A Shine Head.
You fairly.
Wayne Newton 16, Clay Aiken 16, Hey Clay.
You fairly.
Anil Sack of 14, he's got a wife and a bunch of kids, although he's certainly very afraid.
Forner and Boston about be venting 14 of Peace, CCR 13, Brian Adams 12, Good Canadian Boy,
couldn't sing as loud of a paper sack, Aqua 11, Michael Bolton of 10, Bobby Gold's Bro,
Music to Blow Your Brains Up, Brian Niam.
Oh, honey, I miss you.
98 to reason 9, John Tess 8, that middle or 8, and 8, and 8, Ted Nugene 8.
Herman Sermitt 7, Rob Thomas 7, Sylvester 4, Liza Menele 4, Gary Lewis and the Aplayboy's
3, and O-town, O-town 2, from Orlando.
They were.
Okay.
Too good.
I want to take a couple of calls in here as we go along.
We took one, which I think we don't want to overdo.
We would take more, but they're none on the line at the moment though.
Well, that's because we're on at 500 men delay, and they're not here in the Senate.
They're here, we just rambling and reading.
But once they see that, when they have signals out there, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60,
Andy Verizon and Cigar Barber's Law.
We'd like to find out that you're still alive, that you're in one piece, find out how many trees got
uprooted and blown all over the place where you are, and whatever else you want to pass along.
And maybe, maybe some of these people have got restaurants and gas stations if they've passed along too.
Since it's one thing to get out of the newspaper, it's nothing to find out from like living and reading people
are actually like on the scene, eyewitness, et cetera.
A gas station on my way home would be really nice.
Yeah, gas station.
Well, I thought you had that one in...
Remember they had no gas?
It was a psych.
Really?
They were already out of gas, yeah.
Are we out of gas?
Like Steeley Dan?
Right.
I'll be Dan.
Any calls coming in or not?
Probably not.
No?
No, there's one.
Oh, grab it.
I'm going to QYM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Everything's fine here in plantation.
As soon as I can hear a gas station, that's open.
That's where I need to go.
Okay.
Okay, buddy.
When you say everything's fine, are there a lot of trees all over the place?
Oh, you can do it.
Well, I'm fine.
My house is fine.
The trees, you know, that's the...
That's their problem.
Oh, we're fine.
I don't know why trees exactly as long as they don't hurt us.
So as long as you have a gas station open, call me at my house and let me know first.
No problem.
We'll be knocked down the door.
Good luck.
Good luck, amigo.
Okay, there we go.
There's a guy who we own plantation.
We got more if you want to take more.
Okay, listen.
Very Lucy Goosey, they...
Very informal just when it doubts, just whip it out.
I mean, the information.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, you want to talk to somebody?
No, no.
Oh, you mean we got some more calls?
Yeah, yeah.
No, no.
What do we got to do to break first?
This is Neil Rogers.
Let's go and meet him.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm here.
Oh, right.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
Okay, if I could be the dumbest thing I've ever heard,
but you're all gone and scared of basketball birds.
Even after it's got work, you know,
you've been told to phone if I'm nice and bad for any home.
So there's information they don't want you to grow up.
Thank you so much.
So let your factors meet you under control.
Weeks of the fuses, what they're handing you
with all the phone if I'm nice and bad for any home.
Today, it's also true to sharing the show
in the Mary-Kellibas, I hope.
That's not something you'll see under news.
With all the phone if I'm nice and bad for any home.
We are a nation of global shooting.
Let's buy a simple chin which are this great.
The spot's in kind of a tie that's with Dave on it too.
With those phone if I'm nice and bad for any home.
1132, we're all going to get it.
The A.B. on food doesn't get it.
And Wilma didn't get you yesterday as soon or later,
they're after us.
So I think it's a bush problem.
Do you have bush, George, bush, Neil, bush?
What's your name?
The Dr. Noel, Noel, bush?
The last Noel?
Don't forget.
And the twins.
Oh, well, how can you forget them?
I don't.
Drunks.
Fluts.
Beginning and agonizing all two familiar process
for ready and find up for generators,
chainsaws, and other cleanup supplies today.
After Wilma cut the cut that they're costly, deadly swath,
across the peninsula.
Well, the one good thing is the couple of people
we talked to so far, at least they're still alive.
That's good.
Right.
Monday storm caused billions in damage,
killed at least seven people,
and most stores are made closed.
No.
Because of widespread power outages.
I wouldn't think that some fast food joint might
allowing out really, because they're kind of like,
out in the open, you know, they're in those little buildings.
Right, usually.
These stand-alone buildings with a window all around.
That's probably what they're doing to stand alone.
But it wouldn't be a nice one of those joints.
How about a Mickey D somewhere?
Yeah, that'd be nice.
I imagine people are so desperate for some food.
Unless, and like I said, if you've got food and refrigerator,
eat it now.
As long as it isn't like green and got stuff growing on it yet.
Ah, even if it is.
And even if it's just a little bit green
and just got little tiny stuff growing on it,
that might be good bacteria, a little Mickey real healthy and resistant,
to all kinds of nasty stuff, maybe even the bird flu.
Or might be stuff that'll kill you, either way.
Monday storm caused billions in damage,
killed at least seven, and most stores are made closed
because of widespread power outages.
And left six million people out of electricity today,
creating long lines at those places that were open,
such as the 500 people away to the outside of Broward County Super Walmart,
which was letting it about 20 people at a time.
Isn't that where you go?
No comment.
And of course, Walmart now has food.
No comment.
And drugs.
Yeah.
And all of these things.
All of these things.
Joyce Carr.
I wonder if she's kind of Joey Carr.
Dining and dancing.
Remember Joey Carr?
I do.
And his brother Steve Cohen.
Oh, there's a real Bozo on my TV.
Vash driver's order that she give up receipt.
Yeah.
And he probably agreed.
Joyce Carr, the first person in line at the cross-frame store,
been waiting several hours and hopes to buy no generator.
Only learned the store was out,
but she still wanted to buy a grill, charcoal, and water.
Well, what's she going to be grilling on it?
Oh, you know, shrimp.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I beg your pardon.
Did he say, Joyce?
See ya.
We've heard different reports that the power will be out for some time.
We're so worried about supplies in our family, Carr.
I said, Ellen Siegel.
Oy!
56th of Naples said the neighborhood near downtown for a lot of day
where she was staying had its power restored today.
Oh, good.
She sat on a bench reading the New York Times magazine.
A mid-charge of broken glass and pieces of foam insulation
as people brought carts full of water and milk in a drugstore.
Don't be looting now, like I said before, because if you loot,
there's one here near all this information.
There's plenty of places you can get food and water and stuff and ice.
So don't be making excuses now.
This isn't all these.
We don't want to be like in Burston, he really, like in Cancun.
I haven't seen anybody that's in bad humor at all, Siegel.
He said, see that's it.
That's because they're listening to this show.
Ellen, we're putting a little chuckle on their face.
That's right.
Stagging all the press and morbid.
Oh, gee.
What are we going to do?
We'll do what the best we can.
That's all I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah.
Anyway, Ellen says, especially after what happened in Katrina,
I think people are just thankful that they're safe.
I mean, how can anybody complain about this?
Whatever that may.
I don't know what that means.
In other words, not like New Orleans where the whole damn town is flattened.
And like we didn't tell people to go to the P.P. Park and hang out there
and do all kinds of stuff in the water.
Yeah.
Although there are a few floaters working in there, that place.
I'll guarantee you.
The storm's lined across the state in about seven.
And by the way, I forgot to mention the Humper.
Didn't I tell you that anybody who would have thought the dolphins could be Kansas City?
I probably had to be dreaming.
If you're dreaming, I'm screaming.
How do you like that?
Well, we don't hear screaming.
Right, Josh?
Not even close.
No contest.
And I'll tell you that.
Let me, let me, maybe you can answer this for me.
The attendance at 68,250, which of course is a joke.
That's sick of it.
So I'm sure not even close to that.
The comma was in the wrong place.
Maybe 6,285.
Because they actually showed that game on the NFL package yesterday.
They showed the tape of the game.
And you saw this.
Nobody there, right?
Yeah.
There was nobody there.
I mean, nobody.
Even the concessions people bailed out.
There was a smattering here and there.
I didn't, I don't know.
I really want to guess the number.
And that was Friday night.
Now there was nothing big going on Friday night, right?
No.
Maybe they just knew.
They knew that they were going to lose.
Pretty much.
Maybe they all, all the chiefs fans are the only people that stayed in.
Yeah, there might have been a few chiefs fans because they like Trent Green.
He looks pretty good.
But it was a bad.
It was really wicked and other 10 and 4.
And what can I say?
The storms lined across the state in about seven hours yesterday.
The 21st name storm in the worst Atlanta hurricane.
Season on record was blamed for a leased risk, possibly as many as eight deaths statewide.
More blood on somebody's hands.
Are grateful.
Yeah.
Officials in the state, three most populous A.A.
Dead people ought to be grateful to their president, man.
This is especially.
We're getting right on the edge of 2000 dead Americans in Iraq, by the way.
Right on the edge of it.
The three most populous areas day.
I'm at one.
You can take this to the bank other than saying it right now to make my point.
I'll never say Miami-Dade.
You can, you can hyphenate it.
You can put 15 different words in the name of the county.
Right.
It's just a bunch of crap.
That makes all of them an excuse to print it on more stationary.
That's two of us.
It's always those days.
County.
It always will be, Dave County.
Miami-Dade, my ass.
Dave, Routin Palm Beach counties were prepping to distribute ice water, other items to storm
struck residents today.
While utility restoration efforts could stretch into weeks more than 8,200 people were in
shelters across the state earlier today.
An FPNL says up to four weeks till everybody gets their power.
It'll be days or weeks before back to normal, Dave Mayor Carlos Alvarez said, will the
head-hearted to a Florida's larger citrus grow in counties too in southern Florida?
Henry?
That's still Henry.
Are you sure?
And Collier.
Growers in these areas have seen their grows, their barns, their equipment and homes severely
impacted by the storm said, I am the Levine.
And he skulls it like Avrilovine.
L.I.V.I.G.
any left frog spell.
Executive vice president of Florida, citrus mutual, these states largest citrus grow organization.
Henry and Collier have about 130 acres of citrus grows.
Pulmonary reports indicate that in the summer areas.
Up to 15% of the food crops have been blown off.
Freeze and some trees are leaning over uprooted due to these severe winds.
Precise damage estimates not available yet.
Florida citrus growers are also concerned that will look could have increased the speed
of citrus canker, George, bacterial disease that is moved by wind-driven rain.
For more information check, Florida's citrus mutual dot com.
And I know, is that it?
Nphl citrus mutual dot com.
Too late for us anyway.
President Boyd promised we'll, I'll wait and don't care what he said.
President, suddenly a preposition food medicine communications equipment, urban search,
and rescue teams.
He's made a clear choice.
Yeah.
He'll work close.
It would look on the 30s to be spotted in the hurricane.
The hurricane arrived as a cat tree and littered the landscape with damaged signs, awning
senses, billboards, roof tiles, pool screens, streetlights, electrical lines, all of these
things.
Fell trees and blown roof dotted expressways.
All three of South Florida's major international reports by me for a lot of the island
Palm Beach were closed, holding air travel.
Miami is a major port point and this is a major disruption said John Holtard spoke to
him from American Airlines, which had some major hub in Miami.
Miami, for, therefore, was tried open.
Let's see, this is it.
They don't know.
Try to open later today's spokesman Mark Henderson said that it may not happen to the
Marbickos, the damage to fences and runway lighting and problems, meaning security requirements
that he couldn't discuss.
I have a feeling that for a lot of it will open later in the day.
And it doesn't say anything like that here.
That's just my own opinion.
Don't blame me if they don't, but I just, I have that feeling.
Can you feel it?
Yeah.
Then you're good.
No, come on.
Like in my, I said, at five, well, it's got a thing about where it was.
It's way off.
It's way off in the Atlantic.
That jet stream really blew that thing away out there.
You see how fast it went out in the Atlantic?
Yes, I did.
Which is about the only little piece of good news for the Northeast coast there for the coastline
because they were really getting the double whammy on their, if I can say whammy because
they were getting the, nor East through there.
And then they were also getting the ass end of what was left to Wilma and Alpha and Beta
and Karateen.
Well, I tell you, look at him.
That are evil.
Yeah.
Oh, nice going W.
Look at him and I know that evil elurks everywhere.
This is new Roger.
Oh, I got you a spotlight.
This is five, 16, 18, 18.
So don't play it with.
Yeah, do that.
I'll be your partner.
Do it with me.
I said, I caught it right in mid-stream there.
I got thrown off my feed when I saw this former radicalism exploits Islam.
See?
When I saw that.
Hey, speaking of a Luznier here, and I tell you, if my hair was not working, I would
be on top of that.
Anyway, it might not be my own script.
So it's one of those bucks that I taught you, were of many Mom's fans.
But this is.
Chop剌.
I don't particularly believe in that story.
And this is the same NOW.
But right now, riding around with my home out here, let's go back and collect it before
I can hang you down and complete the duty of my life.
Don't forget to close here, even the great artists of my ego hike.
The red pigs who want to get there can't wait for the fun of the leftovers
Ho, rain to the Lord, till the fog is fuel
With your choice so closely appointed fuel
Ho, rain down down to the Bible's show
The start of lily never win, Frank and blow
Ho, we the land, the risk and power
Where you won't go to hell when you die
Ho, we the land, the risk and power
Where the pigs and acres thrive
13, volume of 5, 60 WQM
We hope you're all OK, OK?
OK, as then the same as what's saying
OK, OK
Well it was insurance companies must be really quick in their boots
You know what?
Oh, I imagine
Because George said he's gonna like put in claims for about 100,000
Never did get to these pull, it's almost new now ready
But it's kind of a mood point, I'm not gonna send you too many stories for tomorrow, George
I know you'll be disappointed
Don't worry, they won't be done till I get here in the morning
Oh, Minister Le Chalala has they?
No, no serious, I'm not gonna send you a whole bunch because what's the point?
That's like a little overkill
We do have on our website for those six people out there that have power
In fact, let's see how many people of 20 food water ice other hurricanes applies
Do 20 people have read that one already? It's not even noon yet
Now exciting, that's the leading I read
So far, something
That is New Orleans
Because I mean obviously the people out of state aren't gonna be reading those
I've discovered a very interesting thing today
See, there's always leaving to me to find a little tiny silver lot
Especially not being there, oh, yeah
Oh, I don't remember that
But a little silver lining and even the darkest cloud
And that is this
Yeah, I discovered today that you know these people who listen to the show online
Remember I was talking last week, we ought to be five times as mad as Duffins and Clarets
That we were last week
Remember the whole day when they were like putting that stupid ass Joe Girardi press conference on there on our
The audio on our website
You mean that very important groundbreaking press conference
Yeah, that's the one
And everybody already knew who is gonna be the manager just a piece of crap
Well come to find out and looking at the stats that the
I would say about half of the people listen online are local
Okay, ready for that?
Huh?
Yeah
I thought so because we got such a horrible signal on it
Right, yeah, I know
Yeah, right now we, I would say we got maybe 60% of what we ordinarily would have at this time
Maybe less
Because a lot of people listen local and of course they have no power so they can't listen online because they got no
Computer no internet
So that's kind of interesting thing now I mean not all that fascinating to most people out there
But very fascinating to us is that there are a lot of people in they've brought in Palm Beach
And maybe even in Monroe County maybe even in like Henry County who knows where
Maybe in Yannem's Velf who do listen online
So I do like that Clarets and W idiots you get with it
Quit messing with our audio there
Soon after the winds died down you want to put a collar to on I mean whenever you know you feel like
Yeah, we'll just shout it out
Why is there somebody on there?
Yeah, we got a couple of people too
2 a.m. Hello
Oh, try to
New?
2 a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, I got two things about the holiday I don't know what it is but it's chimney, etsyrette
I thought it was Simka Stora
Oh it's Simka Stora one of my favorites
It's like I was sick as I was 5 days after you on Kipper
It's a personality
You know that picture of Tom Delay smiling for his mug shot
Yeah
Well in Saturday's Sunsettingall the 22nd on 3a they got a picture of him talking to his lawyer
Looks like the kind of crap rat
It's a great picture
I'll be damned
I don't know if you can get that on the internet or what
Sure
So I'm 3a
3a on 20 seconds
OK, and in closing
So where are you now?
I'm in Port Lauderdale by the sea
And?
I'm in the dark
But great to hear you
But you're all good at everything and your building is OK?
Yeah, I'm fine, the building is fine
A lot of down trees and stuff
No power there for you
Like I said before to hell with the trees we could always plant another tree or a shovel
I'm sure that what's your name?
Lady Bird Johnson be proud
Hang in there, Pally
OK, then
Thanks
So there we go, we got 3a and 3a and we got 3 callers so far
And they're all still alive
Now some people might say what's the big deal with that?
Well believe me if you heard some of the calls I miss you over the years
Firstly and stuff
Oh yeah, I had another one today
OK, well that's enough for cultural right now
Well I don't want to overdo it because they're all saying the same thing
Obviously if they weren't fine and they had like some really major catastrophe going on in their lives
They had to be elunatic to be caught in some stupid ass radio talk show waiting for hours for me to punch up a call
Right
You know, fumble through it
Yeah
I mean look, take care of business first. That's the most important thing. I consider to do this with my eyes closed, OK?
I don't need that theory. I can't do this like phone off the log
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa I learned that from Denise Potfac
Pa pa pa pa like that. Just rambling on. Saying nothing but rambling on
Actually I say something. He says nothing. Hey Dennis you're an idiot
Guy do I just remember what was right about him
OK, so anyway the poll, who are what you fear most?
Now periodically we do the same question but with a hurricane upon us I figured it was good timing and I was right
Sure. Who are what you fear most? And of course the only votes on the poll 299 votes now are from people who got power
Which so obviously here's a chance for those people listening out yonder you know around the world who go online and check out our poll
Here's a chance for them. You know what they fear or what most?
Well I can't do it.
So radicalism is elitist. James there you go him him. Yeah elitist.
It's just I can't I'm sorry there's something in my mind. It's just it can't register. I just can't register the fact that he is actually your president.
Not my president. I got Paul Martin. I got enough problems. Who are what you fear the most?
George W. Bush 84 religious nut 69. That was my vote. Oh boy. Religious nuts and we apologize for the redundancy there.
Even the salted was. Oh yeah. Laws of freedom is 28. Old age 18. South Florida driver 17.
They've changed 15. I got a great story about dick. Black folks 14 terrorists 14.
What about black terrorists? Hurricane's 10. Job loss nine bird fly bird flu six tornadoes three STDs.
Hurricane's only 10 even after yesterday. See that of course these aren't the people who were in it. STD 3 World War 3.
Gaze to flying to cops one criminals one and Joel fineberg so far just like his ratings the big.
Oh now whatever happened. Oh if stuff is coming in now listen. I think he's he's in here. Did he crawl? He's in there already now.
How are we going to know you got power right we got the power baby. Yeah. Let's get to the important stuff.
Forget about some stupid. Oh yeah. I can't believe losing their homes in there.
Number one last Friday we had a trip the summer book came out and we got some bonus money coming and we were number one again.
And mostly George in the summer. I helped a little bit. I'm sure maybe I brought it down some.
We boosted up there we were number one by pretty good margin there.
Thank you. All the hurricanes in the craft they come through for us.
Don't think on the job right now. He's on the John right now. He's going to try to do it.
What kind of a job is that? Josh you know the job.
Hey, so anyway. We're going to get those extrapolations today. He's working on it right now so we get those hour by hour and take a shower of power.
I bet we'll be over there. Take a shower with power. I bet we'll be over seven at the very least.
I think you may have a shot. You might have a point there shot. And of course if we're not over.
If we're over seven and we got brought down to a six five which is still a pretty healthy number in men and number one by work.
But what do you do with somebody who brings your number down like that? I don't know.
Taking the doughboys 300 now speaking of doughboys. Where's the food? It's already coming up on noon here in a minute or two.
I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know
It's called it called it's called it's called it called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called well
Well I take it one thing with that
Well I take it one thing with that. You know, wouldn't be
there in one thing with that. You know, wouldn't be there in one thing with that. I mean, he's not
believe he noises. He's not believe he noises. He's not believe he noises. He's not believe he noises. He's not believe he noises. He does it. And it's called him what he never feels like this
He's not believe he deals with diseases. But he's not believe he deals with diseases. But he's not believe he deals with diseases. He can't help. He's not believe he debris states itше
And he could just just just just just just just just chase the test his pleasure that he missed. He could just just just just send a free
Post-polling because of bad weather somewhere.
Yeah, car lines, trains, earthquakes, floods, avion flu,
all of these things.
Well, he's scary, really a scary guy.
Partistic targets, worshipers, leaving a mosque.
Yeah, that's the man in the mosque, worshipers.
The mosque of, what was it was that movie?
The cask of the mosque of, what was that?
That was the man in the iron desk.
The man in the iron mask, who knows that was here?
1150, I want to say it again.
There's something that'll take your mind off the hurricane
and the trees and the damage and the pain and the acid this is again.
And the best part of it is, look how nice your weather is right now.
It's a Mahaya Medical, right?
It's cool, huh?
It's nice and cool at 73.
I don't know what it is here, boy.
It's the last day was bitter and nasty.
Not that I'm complaining you understand.
And it looks to me like it might be a little low that kind of like the Amsterdam drip.
You know, like there's somebody up there with a faucet.
Look at that, a higher 46 today.
What's not to like right now?
It's 43.
And the sun comes out tomorrow.
Eight, that's 46, 46, 48 and sunny on Friday.
What's not to like?
No hurricanes, no earthquakes, no George Bush.
This is Neil Roger.
No offense.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
The federal government is just blowing the government's people today.
Under who doing services are from both parties?
Brown offered no apology.
And mostly brings others to the department that cost hundreds of dollars.
Mike Brown, there's no one left to blame.
I said, Brownie, you're the government shame.
I said, Brownie, the sugar rears up and blame.
There's no one.
I know who's more playing George Bush.
You better make them shut up before he says.
If what you will messed up, you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
I was just tired of this.
These ways you've done to run the FBI.
Some people died when he ran FBI.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership flows,
you can go back to your harsh shows.
Today, both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official,
his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
And of course, you remember that the Brownie was the president of the International Arabian Horse Ass Association.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do.
Arabians.
See how all these Arabs are in favor of the Bush clan together, all these ragheads?
Or in sanctuary of outlaw regimes.
Yeah, that's it. That's what he's given.
Anyway, we got over 300 votes on the poll.
I'm not going to read the poll results again to the end of the show because...
Well, did I ever read it at all? Yeah, I did.
That's enough.
Because these people can vote on it. They're left out.
That's probably the only reason they want their power back on.
They don't care about having food and their refrigerator and their washer and stuff like that and their TV.
So anyway, right? Right.
I got the hourly's. We just can't fax them to you.
Well, how about it? Can you read them?
I can read them to you.
I can read them to you.
Sometimes you act so helpful. It's like a child.
Right. I'm just mentioning. I got a right here.
I want to read them. Let's get it. Let's hear it.
5am to 6am.
This is of course WQAM-MN-2554.
No, we're also going to get the vaccine number so we can embarrass him when he 8th-end because we do anything to hurt them.
Oh! Hey, top! The vaccine number's 2!
Yeah, because they all begin with a...
Oh! Come on, don't get with it. You got nothing else to do in there, okay?
How do you like that high-tech intercom? I used that.
That was good. Anyway, 5 to 6am, 3-9.
6 to 7am.
Well, these are men 25-54-row. Men 25-
What is specific? Because I was just...
I was just bringing the audience on Arbitron stuff.
I just said that. 2-4 from 6 to 7am.
That's week. 7 to 8-4-2.
8-2-2-2-4. That's the big...
Oh! He's not so rock solid though.
1-7?
That's 7-4-2.
Oh, wait a minute. Before you go on, I was...
When these numbers came out, I was able to hopper about OJ.
Well, basketball's over in August and September.
We didn't have the windbag.
I was a winderman. And it didn't ever dawn on me.
The NBA started up again already.
I'm too busy with my hockey stuff. How about those Leafs last night? Over time!
Nice going, Eric. But anyway.
So you got 7 to 8-4-2.
7 to 8-4-2. We shoot out it.
What is it? No, listen to me. Who would I just say?
Shootout.
So I need to find out. I would take them out to shoot them.
If that crap is on again, on a Humper Show.
Because if it is, he's doomed.
I'll find out for you.
Oh, please.
If they wouldn't listen to me and bring that I would win back, back for an hour every morning.
Or sometimes twice a week. Anyway, go ahead.
7 to 8 is so good.
4-2.
8 to 9 also. 4-2. How about that?
See? There you go. And that's mostly without iris.
Oh, sans ira.
9 to 10.
4-0.
So those last three hours there, that's the Humper Show.
The Humper Show.
7 to 10.
So I'm pretty damn good.
I mean, not great, but moving on up to the right side.
That will take it.
And that's because there's not that crap in there.
All they brought ira back. I'm going to be wild.
Go ahead.
10 o'clock.
6-9.
6-9, that's us.
11-0, 7-5.
7-5, holy moly rat man.
Noon to 1, 7-1.
7-1, I'm too bad especially against Rush.
The pill pop and right way Hebacrook.
I still kicked his ass, I'm sure.
1-2, 6-point 7.
Okay.
All right, now 2 o'clock.
4-point-0.
4-point-0 for Mo.
Nice going Mo.
Great number for Mo.
That's a big, big improve.
Let's see if we keep up publicizing it.
Nice going Mo.
Yes.
3-4.
3-point-8.
Oh.
Okay.
4-5.
5-point-2.
Mad dog.
Right.
5-6, 4-point-4.
6 o'clock.
3-point-2.
Mm-hmm.
And that's because there's not much mad dog in there.
Because in the 6-3 to 7-1-1-1, we have the Marlon's pregame and all kinds of other crap.
Shall I go on?
No.
Okay.
Well, let's see.
Okay, so let's see.
Okay, then right now.
What?
All right.
Go ahead and do the average while I get the vaccine numbers together here.
Which I have.
You got them?
Yep.
Oh, Joel, I hope you're not listening, man.
It will be so embarrassing.
People will be laughing at you.
They just see you and they'll be like, ah, that's your fiber from that waxy.
That's that idiot who thinks he's got a number.
Oh, let's see.
Now, this can't be right.
9-4.
Oh, no, I'm off.
Let's see.
7-point, yeah, you're right.
About a 7-point-1.
We'll take it.
Is what I get.
I mean, it could be that's the best.
It's the least of seven, huh?
Right.
It's at least the seven.
Well, nice going, George.
And Neil.
And Josh.
And then the whole Brian.
And Duff.
No.
Now, what's the, so what do we got for waxy?
All right.
From the way to my left.
Let's see everybody get on the edge of your seat.
You need a good laugh, OK?
Everybody's depressed.
You just went to a whole day of hell.
And you're still going through hell to put the pieces of your life back together in.
Here are seven 90-the-ticket numbers there from the summer rating book.
OK, in men 25 to 54 that desire is targeted the demo.
OK, five to 6am.
0.2.
No, wait, man.
It's a 0.2.
Sorry.
6.7am.
A 1.
Oh, wait, a 1.
A 1.
0.3.
Oh, don't be hasty.
7 to 8.
1.4.
OK, now let's take a look at it.
You can grab the, you can grab the,
They got a 1.4.
That's he tripled the little dogs number in there.
It's exactly three times.
1.4 times 3 is a 4.2.
Nice going, Humber.
That's enough.
Go ahead.
8.9 to 1.5.
So it's 1.5.
1.5.
4.2.1.5.
He just spanked a man.
He spanked at 9 o'clock.
9 o'clock 1.4.
1.4.
Right.
So Joe Rose breaks a 1.
And now at 10 o'clock when I got that
Juicin omelette and toast in overnight mark,
Mania, whatever his name is.
Hit the button.
Oh, 0.6.
Oh, no.
A 0.6.
10 o'clock.
We got a 6.9.
And they got a 0.6.
Joel Feinberg, if I were you,
I'd crawl under the table right now.
I'd hear your desk.
And I would just not come out again.
11 o'clock.
Oh, 0.9.
No.
Yes.
A 0.9 for OJ and McDuffy.
Well, that's what the O's for it.
And toast in juicin.
Oh.
Okay, noon, noon.
Oh, 0.8.
There's something to be said for consistency
in my wildest dreams.
I told you, Joel, you're going to see a lot of
in those numbers, baby.
All right.
Now give it a rest for 1 o'clock.
And now, in the 1 o'clock, they have a 1.
1.0.
0.4.
0.4.
That's the booster.
Right.
2 o'clock.
2 o'clock.
Oh.
0.6.
No.
0.6.
Yes.
0.6.
Oh.
0.6.
Right.
No.
Oh, no.
All right.
Now calm down for the next three because they got a run here.
Okay.
So you're going to stand the best in this du goth.
Right.
1.0.
Yeah.
One.
McDoug 3.8.
They got a 1.
Or no, that's a mo.
Mo.
Mo.
Spanked in big time.
4.0 to 1.6.
And 3.8 to 1.0.
Oh.
Oh.
See that Dan Mo is catching on.
I told you if we ever put this right enough.
I think it's the new.
Mo.
And it's the haircut.
It's that new.
This is the new improved Mo.
It's that hairdo it's the new and the little go T.
If you still sport that little go T.
Yeah, it is.
And I'm going to go in mode the new look the new Mo.
No, they got something going on from 4 to 7 because they got a panel of
Astro.
I see because they got a 2 1 at 4 o'clock.
Woo.
A big dog 5 2.
A bastard 2 1.
That's because many so much younger and hip are than us.
It's finally a Jews.
They have a 2.0.
Yeah.
That's 5.6.
Yeah.
That's as far as we need to go.
So it's 6.3 2 to a 2 2.
And that's because mad dog is almost the never on his only on 6.30 most at
least during baseball season.
So that that dispels the myth of how to marlins really.
Oh, to marlins really were strong.
You know something screw that crap.
Okay.
These people are just don't understand.
First of all, virtually every game is on television.
Secondly, any sports fan would much rather hear the mad dog than hear a
bunch of pre four play.
Okay.
Baseball four play.
So that really hurts him badly.
I still say well, yeah, mode done good.
Yes, he did.
Nice going low.
And hopper, we all done good.
Except for that 6 to 7 hour and that's an abortion because of it.
And now of course that that's gone.
We got no more baseball.
Although that pantheon and the pantheon people don't start to like your 7th.
Although like tomorrow or Thursday.
See, it's a 6.30 to 7.
That's 6.30 to 7 thing kills us.
That's just absolutely kills us.
Couldn't we dispense with that stuff?
No.
Now see they got a sell.
They get sponsor news so they can make their money back for the rights, rights fees that they pay.
For all of this swill sports that they put on here.
We love that pantheon.
There is.
There really great pantheon.
There's a touch for first place with lightning last time I checked the division.
Nice going at the leap, forcing him last time.
One hell of a game.
See the new rules now.
Wider open and wild and woolly and just psychotic stuff going on.
And then the shootout which I can't stand but Eric Lindros comes through for us.
Nice going big Eric.
He's kicking ass.
Let's get hockey intensive.
What do you say?
Sorry.
You know the weird thing about being in the studios.
You can see everybody walking by.
And you know the other interesting thing is why did the panthers in Ottawa?
Why did they like a postponed that came to the December 39th?
There was nothing wrong with that.
Chris there would have been about 10 people there.
Based off of the dolphins had Friday.
That's seriously.
Can you explain to me what was happening Friday?
There was nothing going on.
It wasn't even raining.
Maybe people thought it was coming earlier.
Yeah, get out of here.
Get out of town.
You phony's.
You wimp.
You phony below.
And it goes to show the tremendous enthusiasm they have for their team.
And you know something deservedly so.
It's obvious that Joel is getting a real good goose from the dolphin game is being on that station.
Not.
They're going to be.
They're going to be thumping their chest, Mr. Eagle, their labaster.
I had the biggest numbers on the station and I'm a big star.
You couldn't lick mad dogs butt.
Okay.
Not even the same category of human species.
I used the word human loosely with you labastered you quizzling you silly.
You fail.
Yeah.
So even the boogster had an 0.6 and the 2 to 3 hour.
That is.
That is.
That is.
It's disgraceful.
They got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 hours out of these 13 hours.
They begin with a 0.
Hey, now the action stuff is going to average the day parts for us over here.
Us compared to Waxi if you were.
Who did?
Duff.
And what we got.
Well, in the morning from 5 to 70 and the 2 8 to a 1 0.
Us on top.
5 to 70.
No.
2 8 for us.
You know, one of our.
I got news for that.
2 8's a little.
That's really not what I'd call rock saw.
Like any stretch of the imagination, we got to get somebody on there that speaks English.
Hank.
The Humper 7 to 10 a.m. yes.
4 1 to a 1 4 kind of.
Ah.
Just opposed there.
Three times the Joe Rosalty is on there.
And as much as we like Joe, it goes to show you when you're on a losing, when you're on a sinking ship, you go down with them.
Okay, Joe.
I hate to break the news to you.
Good day.
Because you guys are getting wild for them.
In fact, I'm going to tell you right now, Joe, who's also wild up in you guys ass over there.
Howard from Bokeh.
That's right.
The new Moe.
I mean, we tend to work to 7.7 point to a 0.9.
Oh, 7.0.
7.0.
7.0 to a 0.9.
Joe, I'm going to tell you you are right on our ass.
Okay.
You're just.
Okay.
What else we got?
2 to 4.
2 to 4.
Moe.
3.9 to a nice going Moe to a 0.8.
Ah.
Whoo.
0.8.
What's the point?
4 to 7.
4.4 to a 2.1.
4 for more than double.
So we got in some, I mean, we got like 80,000 times what they got.
Yes.
Take a look at that.
That is just, Joe, if I were you, I just, I just disappear.
I just take a long walk.
I go to the nearest window on an upper floor and just open them up.
Maybe you don't have to open them.
That's good news after yesterday.
Maybe you didn't have to open the window up.
I was trying to break them.
I was broken and one of the windows up here.
There you go.
How long?
When we really got broken windows?
No, I wait.
Somebody threw a chair through one of these just to get some air in here.
Oh, that was probably the guy who put his fist through the wall.
This is a little Roger.
Who's that?
The ten of them are all men be the friend.
Oh, I fall in sleep.
Will not you and your house.
Welcome.
This is the shadow of the fire.
That we reclaim joy for the new sea.
This legal treasure for the new moon.
The little bio-sea.
Oh, God made this dream.
Hurry up and dream.
Oh, can a bus please pass that phone to me.
Oh, can a bus please pass that phone to me.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
The door is open.
Ifill, ifill, ifill, yeah!
Ifill, ifill, ifill, yeah!
Ifill, ifill, ifill, yeah!
Ifill, ifill, ifill, yeah!
Ifill, ifill, yeah!
I have you know I know what I'm talkin' about
In the morning at the time though I said,
I have you elevate it down and not my way to town
When I put my introduce mask in house
I give a 3 earned for people
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
I'm set to join the back of the cow. Why do you lose? I'm like God alone, you spoiled bulls.
I know everything that's going on in such a lose. Why I even know all the new march on rules. I'm hip to the drive.
Daddy, hold on.
Too bad there's no one to act in. I used to bet it's you when I picked your place. I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when they drop my boys, look, Jay.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Yeah, little smoothing.
Okay, 20-1. No mode today. We got empty K today instead of the mo-myster instead of the new and improved mo.
Anyway, we got some bad news from Iraq. No. Death count.
A heavy gas? 2000. You got it. Really?
The war on Iraq saw two milestones today that reflect the country's panther democracy. Oh boy, who wrote this?
And a human toll, as officials said, the referendum on a draft constitution passed.
And a lot of people are passing gas because the US military debt toll reached 2000.
Oh my god.
2000 dead people based on a war built on the lies. And of course nobody's saying impeachment right now goes straight to jail.
They're not passed. They're not collected. Instead of and so on. They're not saying that.
And you know what? What's the point? Why even get upset?
Okay, I'm not going to go through all these. So what do we find out?
We don't have any food coming in. Is that the only alternative? What about Chuck?
I'm sure he's not open over there across the street, right?
I don't know. It's a disaster area down here. I don't see any electricity on.
I can't imagine anybody would be open around here.
What about a place where they don't need electricity?
Like what?
Where they serve rotten food.
The raw veggies.
The best food they have.
Sonny's market with the raw veggies.
There ain't no more Sonny's market.
Oh, I don't see poor Sonny no more. That's to that.
He was probably a short time.
He got a long time.
Civil rights icon. Can I get into my rest of my pile here?
We could put on a couple of these silly ass calls about well.
We could have a lot of them.
Now they would probably took three good calls. That was fine.
And we'll probably pop another one or two in there too. 2000 deaths.
For our patrol, we just got back some hours ago.
And I spoke to them about these casualty numbers.
They themselves, this unit lost 14 troops in the span of just about 45.
Days in June and July of this summer when IEDs were exploding on this area.
This is thought to be according to the military where the insurgents are staging their operations in the capital.
This is where they're assembling their weapons. This is where they're ematching forces.
And so this is where US troops are still very much in battle.
And when we were out there, I asked them about the casualties.
They say, of course, that those that they knew, those that were killed, are constantly in the back of their mind.
And the back of their mind, once again.
Speaking of dead people, Rosa Parks died.
Everybody knows old Rosa. 92. You see that? The Lord blessed Rosa because she had the big pair.
She had a big, big paracohonies. And she went on the bus and you get out my way.
Now what she said? Something like that. Honky.
Rosa Parks, whose act of civil disobedience in 1955 inspired the modern civil rights movement, died in Detroit.
Yesterday she was 92. Believe me, that's old enough.
Parks moment in history began in December 55 when she refused to give up her seat on a bus to a white man.
In Montgomery, Alabama, with a banjo underneath.
Her arrest triggered a 381 day boycott of the bus system by blacks that was organized by 26-year-old Baptist minister of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.
The boycott led to a court ruling desegriating public transportation in Montgomery.
But it wasn't until the 64 civil rights act that all public accommodations nationwide were desegriated only 64-year-olds only 41 years ago.
Are we making some serious progress?
No.
Or what? No.
Leaps and bounds.
Name me a black senator, by the way.
Barack Obama.
Oh, Senator, he said.
Yeah, that's him.
He is a senator?
Oh, I thought he was house.
Never mind. There you go.
You better get with it.
Hey, you know.
Hey, my senator.
Name me another one.
I'm done.
That's it.
What was the senator from Massachusetts, the black senator that was, you had that big scandal.
I don't know the long time ago.
Republican.
Facing regular threats and having lost your department store job because of our activism, parks move from Alabama to Detroit in 1957.
She later joined the staff and we asked Representative John Conier's and Michigan them to create an a great American.
We liked John Conier's a lot.
There's a guy with a big pair of balls.
Remember what he said to Michael Moore?
Yeah.
He said, I got news for you.
Sit down, son.
We don't read this crap.
And he showed him the 85,000 pages of the bill.
Remember that?
He said, dude.
He said, sit down, son.
Have a couple of sandwiches.
Conier's who first met parks during the early days of the civil rights struggle.
We called Monday that she worked on his original congressional staff when he first elected the house in 64.
I think that she is the mother of the new civil rights movement has less than impact not just on the nation but on the world.
He told CNN she was a real apostle of non-violence movement.
He remembered her as somebody who never raised her voice, an eloquent voice of the civil rights movement.
He treated her with deference because she was so quiet, so serene.
Just a very special person.
There was only one Rosa Parks.
Wait till you hear this.
Guess what her long-time friend attorney's name was who said that parks died between 7-8 pm of natural causes on Monday called a related great courage.
His name is Gregory Reed.
Huh?
I like that.
Oh my god.
If I was him, I would change my name.
Parks go fond of the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for self development, helping out young people pursue educational opportunities, get them registered to vote and work to a racial peace.
As long as there's unemployment, work crime, and things that go to the inflicted demands in humanity and demand regardless, there is so much to be done.
And people need to work together, she said.
Can't we all get long?
So Rosa Parks is dead.
That's bad.
By the way, there was Senator Brooks.
There were troops from the back in the RACWAT.
There you are.
Senator Brooks.
Who you were talking about before?
Everyone Brooks.
Republican.
Was that his name?
Yes.
Black Republican guy.
He got involved in some big scandal, some whatever was.
And he's dead, I think.
Was it Brooks or Brooks?
Brooks.
Like I said.
So anyway, it's a few years ago.
He's dead.
No, only one black senator that's for RACWAT.
No more blacks in the Senate than I can think of.
Come a long way, not racist, butch a honky's man, butch a right wing, Bible thumpin' bigot's
what's run in America now.
And like I said, all these trees that got up rooted, Lady Bird Johnson will be so proud of you if you planted a tree, a shrub or a bush.
Oops.
Moving along very rapidly.
Jim Loeb writes for the Interfressed Service, who's Jim Loeb?
He's got a rights.
Frustrated Skokraff, the sales Neocons in Cheney.
Oh, this is good.
Now, there's Joseph Wilson.
Baker Report was highly doubtful.
As it turned out, Wilson's assessment did not put the yellow cake issue to rest.
It came up again 10 months later.
And of course, all those four documents, too.
We had that story on the website.
If anybody gets their power back.
I could go for some yellow cake right now.
No, that's not good.
How about some of that tomato soup cake from Grace and passions that have been written off the show?
Tomato soup cake.
One week after a top aid to former Secretary of State, Colin Powell issued a blistering attack on foreign policy making in the Bush administration.
Brent Skokraff, the Serpent of National Security Advisor, under Bush 1, Papa Bush.
A set of Neocons had persuaded the President to go to war in Iraq.
And interview with the New Yorker and New Yorker magazine.
Skokraff is relations with the Bush administration.
It made badly strained since he publicly warned against invading Iraq seven months before US troops crossed over from Kuwait.
Argued that the invasion was counterproductive.
This was said to be part of the war on terror, but Iraq feeds terrorism.
Skokraff told the magazine.
Adding that the war was moving public opinion against any new foreign policy commitments for some time.
Justice the Vietnam War did during the late 70s and through the 80s.
Vietnam was visceral in the American mind since Skokraff to also serve as national security adviser in the mid 70s under Gerald Ford.
This was a really bitter period to turn us against foreign policy adventures deeply.
This is not that deep, but we're moving in that direction.
Skokraff remarks come at a critical moment according to recent opinion polls.
The government's performance in the wake of Katrina Bush's choice of his personal attorney to serve on the Supreme Court.
And the lack of progress achieved in Iraq can combine up with the presence of public ratings that below 40%.
Even Joel can't believe how low those numbers are.
Moreover, there's a growing likelihood that a federal special prosecutor will undite to have administration officials.
They are thought to have played a key role in trying to discredit and punish whistleblower Joseph Wilson, who had publicly questioned its rationale for going to war in Iraq.
The provis cast a dark cloud over the White House at a moment when it could at least afford it.
The administration was also unprecedented surprised by the cascading media coverage given to a talk at New American Foundation last week.
By retired General Lawrence Wilkerson, policy top 8 for 16 years in which he accused Cheney and Pentagon chief Doug Donald Rumsfeld of leaving a cabal that circumvented the formal policy making an intelligence processes in order to take the country to war in Iraq.
There's no question about it.
2000 Americans are dead because they're a bunch of lies because the Neocons cooked it up ahead of time.
And everybody says, well, what are we going to do about the hurricane?
Where are we going to get some lunch? And by the way, where the hell is that lunch?
I don't know.
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
Where the hell is that lunch?
And some citrino, sans ciz, sans queso, I like the cheese.
I seem to want to cue him. We got any K for the Mollmeister with two because Moll is, he's in limbo somewhere.
Cause for sure, that's just what's that.
And surprise me, that he can't be away with.
That made a pretty much too much noise.
She's almost like a innocent.
Man, it wasn't shocking. Look like one of the kids.
But that's pretty much now where I'm at.
All of the kids, they move and say to me, older than his mother.
The golden key is trenches, the white key, where the cat.
The peepie balls are there, it's my mom.
And the cat, the sheep, she wear.
Are all those that sold as a fool?
But she's not in his band.
All of his time in his playroom.
And when the lunch was down, she made the movie a stupid mess.
He was talking trotters and sheep, they come, they come, they come, they come.
She's a cheap ride on the feds, that's not capable.
All of the kids, people would say to me, older than his mother.
But calling to his friends is the white pay way to fed.
To me, older than his mother.
Call 467, who in the right mind gives a crap about them?
Nobody in the right mind. That's the operative part.
Over the age of six.
Okay, now I want you to, let's recap the gas stations.
Okay.
And the restaurants and home depots present a minute when you're done doing that.
I got a blockbuster, a schlockbuster of a story from the New York Times.
Cheney told eight of CIA officer Laura's report.
Your vice president is in deep crap, man.
But he do do.
Even the people in New Orleans never saw a do do like this.
He was the one who disclosed to a scooter liby about a Valerie Plame.
How do you like that?
As opposed to what?
And of course, now comes the perjury part because already a scooter liby testified that,
oh, well, he learned about it from journalists.
Yeah, journalists, my ass.
How do you like that?
Scooter.
Get on your segue and scoot right out of town because they're going to nail your ass.
Okay, anyway, what do we got?
We got these places.
Sit-go, 72nd Street, and 87th Avenue.
Presumably, that's Miami, of course.
72nd Street, and 62nd Avenue.
56th Street, and 67th Avenue.
These are all sit-go gas stations that are supposedly open with gas.
Publix on 112th and 102nd Avenue, the Publix in Daedland are both open.
The South Miami Hospital cafeteria is open with Jello and sandwiches.
Good fellow's restaurant, 186th and 104th Avenue in Cutler Ridge is open as is Jumbo's
at 7501 Northwest 7th Avenue.
There is gas at 92nd in Bird, whatever that is.
It must be a generic smacks of the gas station, it doesn't have a name.
The Murmert at Coral Springs is the Walmart sample road and turtle creek.
Publix info has a number here.
These are just on scattered sheets of paper.
800-242-1227 for Publix info.
I guess, call them and find out if there's a Publix near you or something like that.
Windixi is open on 183rd Street and 57th Avenue in Miami.
The Publix on 186th and 67th Avenue is open.
Nothing, nothing.
CSS Asselling Generators 954-410-0809.
That's 954-410-0809.
Mobile gas on US-1 and 57th Avenue is open.
Doe boys is open but you can't call them.
829-17th Street Causeway in Fort Lauderdale and 172nd Pines in Pembroke Pines.
The Latin cafeteria on 12th Avenue and West 29th Street in Hyalia is open and the Home Depot is open.
What about the cafeteria in Santeria?
I'm sure that's closed with all those pets.
Home Depot, Oakwood Plaza is open.
Publix on 184th and Murmert Parkway in Pembroke Pines is open and the Publix on Sample and 441 in Margate is open.
There's a Citco on 441 in Hellendale Beach Boulevard which supposedly is open whether or not they have gas.
I hope because I'm going to drive by there and there's a Walgreens on Bird and Red which is open and Bird and East Flagler Walgreens is also open.
Excellent.
Now what about the Walgreens by you there on the corner?
I don't know. Oh the one over here? I don't know.
What about the BP on the corner?
I don't know. Nothing was... oh the BP was trashed when I drove by at this morning.
Like really?
Signed down and yellow taped and all that.
Yeah.
Completely trashed.
Man, bad news.
Although one good piece of news.
We're number one. Damn it.
And the goal is number one.
Joel is number... oh yeah.
That's better than what is it?
Wow. Talk about doing a number.
Man oh man. He's probably right now doing a one a two and a three.
Who knows those trace? With Scottie Mack.
Cheney told eight of CIA officer Lawyers Report from today's New York Times by David Johnston, Richard W. Stevenson and Douglas Jell.
I, Lewis Libby Jr. Vice President Dick Cheney's teeth is staff.
First learned about the CIA officer at the heart of the league investigation.
In a conversation with Mr. Cheney weeks before I'd ever had them they became public in 2003.
Lawyers involved in the case said yesterday.
Uh.
Notes of the previously undisclosed conversation between Mr. Libby and Mr. Cheney on June 12, 2003.
Appeared a differ from Mr. Libby's testimony to a federal grand jury.
That he initially learned about the CIA officer Valerie Wilson from Journalist The Lawyer said.
The notes taken by Mr. Libby during the conversation for the first time place.
Mr. Cheney in the middle of an effort by the White House to learn about Mrs. Wilson's husband Joe Wilson,
who was questioning the administration's handling of intelligence about a rights nuclear program just to by the war,
who was questioning pointing out the fact that they all lie like hell.
He said yellow cake my ass and they tried to with a spatula.
Lawyers involved in the case who described that out to the York Times.
I'm getting choked up about this because it's so exciting.
Said they showed that Mr. Cheney knew that Mrs. Wilson worth its CIA more than a month before identity was made public.
And her undercover status was disclosed and is indicated column by fascist Robert DeNoVac on July 14, 2003,
who belongs by the way on death row, Bob NoVac.
I'm so glad to see that he has to walk with a can in the hobbles along where he's on death's door.
Oh, how do I do? There must be a God. There's only.
Oh, God.
Mr. Libby's notes indicate that Mr. Cheney and Bob has information about Mrs. Wilson from George J. Tennant,
the director of the CIA in response to questions from the vice president about Mr. Wilson.
But they can take no suggestion that neither Mr. Cheney or Mr. Libby knew at the time of Mrs. Wilson's undercover status
or that her identity was classified disclosing a covert agent's identity can be a crime.
But only if the person who disclosed it knows the agent's undercover status, right?
It would not be illegal for either Mr. Cheney or Mr. Libby, both of whom are presumably cleared to know the government's steepest secrets,
to discuss the CIA officer or her link to the critic of the administration.
But any effort by Mr. Libby to steer investigators away from his conversational Mr. Cheney could be considered by the special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald to be an illegal effort to impede the inquiry.
How about perjury? Sounds good to me.
Okay.
White House officials didn't respond to requests for comment.
And Mr. Libby's lawyer, Joseph Tate, wouldn't comment on Mr. Libby's legal status.
Randall Sanborn, spokesman for Mr. Fitzgerald, would comment on the case.
Any day now, any minute now.
It's going to be coming right across the wires, right on my TV here.
Fine sports busway caught that was tricky.
I mean, like that.
Any minute.
And the fact you got power there.
Now, how is it that we got generator powers that are?
That's what we have here.
Just this little corner of the building, you know, like the where the studios are.
And what about Kentucky Fridays?
That's still standing like Elton John?
Well, it's still upright, although their sign is in our parking lot.
No.
Yes?
Well, you better hang on to it, the Colonel would be proud.
That's a good idea, blackmail.
Like, look good on the wall.
We don't mind the sign being here, but we sure don't want them.
And the chickens getting blown in there.
What's going on with that Asian flu now?
Helly, anything at this point.
Yeah.
There you go.
Anybody's got even some birds and poultry infected maybe on flu?
Bring us on.
He's guys only that.
So they're very seriously.
What are people going to be doing about food?
But you had some publics there that were open and when this year or two?
Well, we're stocked up.
I mean, and you got that the hospital cafeteria.
Oh, man.
I'd rather fast.
I'd rather pretend it was young Kipper for about a week than that.
I'd rather have the green gill.
Man wades naked above Niagara Falls Rapids.
I love this story.
This is Niagara Falls, New York by the way.
Case to Hopper wants to go up there.
A Chinese performance artist appeared in city court in Niagara Falls, New York yesterday for waving naked into the
Rapids above Niagara Falls as part of a stunt that went wrong.
He, young Channing, 38 of Beijing, was charged with disorderly conduct and exposing himself in public both violations after being arrested by Niagara Park police Saturday afternoon.
He was ordered to return to court November 4th.
Police said the man stripped off his clothes and waited within 40 to 50 yards at the brink of the falls.
He tried anchoring himself with a rope to an unknown object and tended to stay in the water for 24 hours.
But that I came loose and so it began making his way back to shore.
Naked.
A tourist concerned the man was attempting suicide called Park Police and took him out of the water.
Two University of Buffalo students who were filming the stunt were also charged with disorderly conduct.
Chang-Hu on Friday sat naked in a plexiglass box full of white concrete in front of a Buffalo work gallery as part of another stunt.
It's in the US for University at Buffalo called the Wall Re-shape and Contemporary Chinese Art.
A lot of Chinese people I would mind seeing naked but he ain't one of them I'm sure.
Trust me.
100 votes for George Bush on the poll today.
Water Who Do You Fear Most?
Now they will fear you George.
83 for religious notes.
355.
I told you there were go-as-toe-fiddy.
We made it already.
Let's really set a high water mark so to speak that's bad.
That's a bad term to be using these days.
Let's set a high goal.
Let's go for 375.
What do you say?
We can do it.
We can do it.
We can do it, Joel.
Okay.
Because when it comes to the big numbers we got them and you don't.
You guys suck.
You're an embarrassment to this industry.
You're not even a part of the industry.
Stu gots my ass.
What a joke.
What does he got to it?
What a joke.
Put a bunch of children on over there trying to play radio and they're going to not work.
And not only that but this keep in mind this is with all the tremendous publicity help from their buddy Barry Jack Ass who's you know got that
Incesters relationship with the Harold in 790 and Jim Sarni who can't write enough about them.
Oh he's too busy writing about 760 in Palm Beach.
Nobody knows what that is.
Boy, how do we do it?
How do we do?
We sure don't do it with the help of the media and of course little Tom Jicca who lost his radio in the flood I guess.
He had a flood in his pants and lost his radio down in there something.
He wouldn't know a radio somebody jam 15 and up his...
Correct them but we still do it in spite of that.
How do you like that?
1256 at 560 W.C.M.
Ed Kaplan for the moment for the new and improved moment.
And Fred does some pretty nice numbers there in the summertime.
Nice go and mo.
You go mo.
See we're saying nice things about him today and conveniently he's not there.
Damn it.
And then in the Marwigot Gellie and Philly F. Hillin and Ferram.
And then Curtis on Thursday it says here just dawned on me.
We'll have to wait till Friday to a confabulate and congratulate.
Based on my extrapolations.
So this is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Tired of the same old restaurants.
Try the cafeteria, centuria of Hylia.
How much is that dole on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail.
How much is that dole on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail.
That's right.
No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, centuria of Hylia.
We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pitpull stop doing the same thing.
Talk about delicious.
Mmm-hmm. Your meal is always fresh.
We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price.
It's the cafeteria, centuria.
Try it once.
Hylia, they're religiously.
How much is that dole on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail.
My lovely and lovely wife.
The one with the barbecue tail.
Please bring me that dole on the menu.
And bring a side order of cats.
Walk, run, or catch your gray hound for the cafeteria centuria of Hylia.
Where we give new meaning to the word, Tetfoo.
102 at 560 WQAM.
Pretty interesting, 38 people have read that the story online, I said we, in fact, the
top two reads so far, that one about the ice and water and food and all of these things,
and the other one about power can be offered for weeks.
Well, I see that out of state people are interested.
Not.
No, in fact, they're not even when the others are.
Maybe there aren't a lot of state people.
Maybe this is a myth.
Maybe it's something I've created in my own mind.
Maybe.
I'm serious.
At any rate.
You know, something when the bottom line comes, who cares, because out of state people
open to arbitraron diaries anyway.
That's right.
And of course, we're like kicking ass in the arbitraron.
I'm like Joel, who's kicking his own ass.
Hey, Joel, don't start throwing a ferncher around.
We've got enough damage already, probably, from this damn storm, from Wilma.
Don't be throwing crap around.
40, because not only do you have to win and the raid, but it's also very cold, nor
Easter's.
Oh, they got that in the region.
That's Chattamaston, chooses where this guy is, which we can now see his face.
Ah, put their pull the hood back over it again.
Poor majority reject evolution.
This is scary.
This is Zyna America, baby.
It's no hope.
No hope.
Most Americans do not accept the theory of evolution.
Instead 51% of Americans say, God created humans in their present form.
Another three in 10, 30%.
How many?
3rd man.
Say that while humans evolved, God guided the process.
Just 15% say humans evolved and that God was not involved.
Oh, oh.
I'm sitting here trying to do a radio show.
Forget about it.
These views are similar to what they were in November 2004, shortly after the presidential
election.
Is that incredible or what?
That's pretty incredible.
The question on the origin of human beings has both this month and in November 2004 offered
to public three alternatives.
Human beings evolved from less advanced forms of life over millions of years, and God did
not directly guide this process.
Human beings evolved from less advanced life forms over millions of years, but God got
to the process, or God created human beings in their present form.
How about a fourth choice?
There is no God.
It's a bunch of fairy tales.
You idiot, you quizzlings, you, uh, you're fair.
Yeah.
BS artists.
Oh, God did it.
The Lord.
Oh, there's Jackie Juris.
So quickly.
It's moving to the northeast right now at 53 miles per hour.
See, it's in a zoom in way out in the way.
It's formed with a category student with maximum winds at 105 miles per hour.
And as it comes over the water, these cooler waters were likely to see it become extra tropical
very thin as it continues to push up in this direction.
Now I mentioned that it is influencing the Norwegian search of seven different facts.
And I remember that tropical depression, some of that in the area of low pressure that
is challenging New England with the South of New Orleans.
See that?
That's how in the eastern, yet, we've only got local churches.
No, especially in the North.
No, especially in the North.
We've got all the people who are watching New York back up.
We've got western, Portland, Maine.
From Montenew, Hamster, Maine.
Very dangerous.
We're likely to see that black ice down the aisle.
Oh, I can't see it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
The rain is going to be quite heavy.
You can't see the ice.
Temperatures will dip below freezing in this region.
And the rain didn't use to be quite heavy.
The wind gusts have been persistently strong, especially across Boston.
44 miles.
44 MPH.
Hunter like that.
Wendy here, 29 MPH.
Good day to stay inside and eat the brawirst.
Anyway, the results were not much different between the answers to the question.
And it was a good morning.
A specific timeline was included in the final alternative.
God created human beings in their present form within the last 10,000 years.
Oh, my head is shrubbing.
Americans, most likely to believe in only evolution are liberals.
36%.
Those who rarely were never attended religious services, 25%.
And those who they college degree are higher, 24%.
In other words, smart people don't buy the bubble mice.
These, the masses, the asses out there, the flat earth crowd.
That's the crowd.
You got to be really scared.
Look at that pool today.
Religious nuts.
Crazy people.
While, you know, white evangelical, 77%.
Weakly churchcore, 74% and conservative, 50%.
More, more like they say, God created humans in their present form.
In other words, morons.
People, number than a box of rocks, number than sawdust, number than cockroaches, number than chinchulas, number than chia pets, number than manny bell.
Well, you should have stopped me and I'm getting a little carried away.
Yeah, come down.
So what else?
Now, I notice you haven't flipped on channel six or seven or four or ten or, I have those others.
We have ten, four and seven.
But if they got anything that we ought to be knowing about and passing along to the public,
because, you know, we're doing a hell of a service and a lot of people are just sitting in their cars.
Schooled people have to transition seats around.
I think white clothes, they're showing wreckage and on the crawl they have everything that's closed, which is everything.
Yeah, how's that?
Everything's closed.
I could have wasted a lot of time and going through that list of all those events that are scheduled like the fingernail painting contest and some of the service list.
But I'm not, I don't yet.
U.S. diplomat points to Nioh.
Let's take one call now.
We got any calls, flash that at board or not.
Yes, we do.
Okay, let's punch one up.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Uncle Mill.
Yes, sir.
When you get this all blows over, you got a week of shows on Jimmy Saffalo's Play by Play Friday night.
Really?
It sounded like a baseball game.
It was so funny.
It was absolutely incredible.
It was absolutely incredible.
If you could just grab up a paper, any of the first or second quarter of his Play by Play, and we love Joe, I know, but he's not a chipmante, either.
It is not absolutely hysterical how bad they are.
Well, thanks for the good news that the pleases me even more and pisses Joe off even more.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Are you okay?
Everything I'll write by you?
Yeah, a tree fell on my house, but I'm fine.
You'll be over here.
Go to bed.
Should be our biggest crime.
Have a great day, pal.
See a tree fell.
I see people are all upset about trees.
I mean, we like trees.
You know, they provide some shade and, you know, the squirrels and rats climb up them and other than that.
Right.
And the birds.
And the birds, of course, have got that heavy on food that carry around.
So shoot them.
I have some news here.
Oh, now the way he said that.
I know.
The way he said that.
I know.
You know, just what I'm getting called in with.
There's a national tool supply on 5725 West Condale Beach Boulevard.
They have generators.
The number there is 954-9463-7222.
Say it again, as I said, 944-963-7222.
7222, which Joe only wishes he had a 222.
Well, one of those hours is.
So there he goes.
So if you need a generator that are soon and later, there's a place right there in Halndale Beach Boulevard.
954-963-7222.
Easy to remember.
Right.
Go buy one for Georgia one for dry.
Oh, no, I got a generator.
I just need to do that for it.
Oh, you got to go get gas for it if that's sift code there.
Yeah, the one that doesn't have any gas.
Well, go ahead and do the shell over by where you live.
Right there by where we used to work.
Okay.
That's what I'm doing.
Well, that's what I'm doing all afternoon is just driving around and so alive.
We steam gas running out of gas.
We steam gas looking for gas.
Looking for gas station.
Not a good idea.
Although I got that four-wheel drive.
Because I think I'll probably have to take several days off and on to the hurricane because the way Josh called me.
Hey, Josh, that was, you know, any time you do calls for his string.
I think what he was testing was, if I was going to hang up on the air, you threaten not to.
Yeah, but now I already said the Friday that we amended our ways or were amended our offenses.
Whatever the hell was.
Not really, but I don't mind hearing from Doug, but Clarence.
He always sounds like a suicidal.
Of course, if you were him, US diplomat points to neocon ideology behind actions and Iraq.
This is from agents, France, press.
Okay.
I wonder if that's kind of bill press or press your pants.
A federal and US diplomat who served as the government advisor in Iraq says US policy in the country at the initial stage of the occupation was driven by neo-conservative ideology rather than careful preparation and clear understanding of issues.
Ambassador Robin Raphael, who has been not that's not Raphael, it's Raphael, who has been with the Foreign Service since 1977 and once served as assistant secretary of state.
Delivered or unusually candor marks an age like 2000 interview for a relatively obscure history program at the US Institute of Peace and who does like a good peace every now and then.
It's remained unnoticed until now while increasing numbers of Americans begin to question the Bush administration's involvement in Iraq.
2000, dead American soldiers as of right now, human sacrifice by this bunch of grey robbing lunatics.
Raphael, who served as trade advisor of the Iraqi government from April about two August to 2003, took particular issue with the citizens by the administrator Paul Bremer to launch the bathification of the country in this band, Sodom Hussein's military.
And I've smelled some of the people living at part of the world and believe me, they need bathification, not debatification. They need a bath fast.
What one needs to understand is that these decisions were ideologically based, she says, they're not based on analytical historical understanding, they're based on ideology.
You don't counter ideology with logical experience or analysis very effectively.
She said political pressure on professional foreign service officers was huge and pervasive. The ideology was what was has come to be called neo conservatism and the whole belief that this would be an easy war.
That we'd be welcome with open arms, she put a member of the flowers and candy. Oh, yeah, that's that's what this is because that pizza from do boys, the pills, very do boy.
She insisted this view was cultivated by expatriate Iraqis, a way their own agenda, which they tried to impose on US officials.
She said it became quickly obvious to her that the US could now run a country that Americans didn't understand.
We were a bunch of amateurs largely except for the engineers and even they didn't have a professional means to interface with the Iraqi.
So they were missing. She said there was very much the sense that we were getting in way over our heads within weeks, way over our heads, drowning in a sea of incompetence and death and bloodshed and chaos.
The US diplomats said she believed the administration of Bush went into Iraq too soon. It should have waited until the US was able to build an international coalition.
But there were two pressures, she insisted. One was the clear political pressure, election driven and counted driven.
Another one was the troops were deployed forward for Afghanistan and to let that kind of fall back and then re-energize everybody is very difficult.
But according to her it was difficult for a professional diplomat to express their views because of the administration's ideological enforcers present in the country.
Oh yes, there were political people around and about you, we called one head to be careful.
Because if somebody wanted to stay alive, you just keep your yaps shut, that's where it works.
When you got a company run by a bunch of Nazis, a bunch of fascist lunatics, a bunch of Bible-thumping crazy people who say choose life and then he sacrifice thousands of people.
Am I random or what? No, that sounds great.
Now let me go and read all those things about the toenail painting content, I forgot that one.
Yeah, I can't miss that.
Oh there's so many important things going on for it and if we knew that Hansen was coming at the time, my god we know like post-going everything.
Like the hurricane would have been good.
We have postponed that Panther game in Pittsburgh and by the way the penguins probably too was never going to get in there.
Don't forget Panther, preview with 7th.
The Panthers kicked the poor penguins ass 730 tonight with Gildes.
I mean Rogers.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well I ran it linking.
Yeah, I'm sure it's going to be a good day.
Yeah, I'm sure it's going to be a good day.
Yeah, I'm sure it's going to be a good day.
Yeah, I know you.
And I saw her hesitate.
But the call of the storm started working then for her.
It was too late.
But her in my car and rolled the windows down.
Now she watched my queen and I made her crown.
And I've got Angelina, your niece in my basement.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello.
And charge her rent.
I can rent her.
I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes to submit.
I think I'll pay her back.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement.
Let's see how it is.
Watch against the credit.
Call her a man.
But I bet you give your last set.
Help me.
To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement.
I'll hurt my dog.
Don't hurt my dog.
Don't hurt my dog.
Don't hurt my dog, Miss Beth.
It's a dog in the basket.
It works the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, we get it.
1-18. I got some good news.
Miami International is open.
Really?
I can get the hell out of you.
Here I am sitting way to hell up here in Yenomsville.
Thank God.
And I got my thumb on it because I got the internet.
So I got my power and I got a window and I got all of these things.
A window to the world.
The Miami International Airport terminal building is open.
But the purchase and arrivals will not begin until 5 p.m.
Well, that's only like less than four hours from now.
I have a feeling something may happen in Fort Lauderdale too.
But I haven't had enough of it on that yet.
Never say never.
They always say, oh, well, we're going to be closed the rest of the day for sure for I.A. Right.
Commercial and cargo passengers should check with airlines to see if their flights are still on.
Because it will be a limited schedule said,
Trinay Floyd, MIA spokeswoman.
This report to regular ticket counters at the airport you said.
So I called the airline and I find out which was not the United States.
Miami International is open.
The purchase and arrivals begin at 5 p.m. tonight.
Got it.
Got it.
And I got it.
I got to say this.
The Harold website is doing a good job.
Better than the Sun Sentinel, which is very unusual.
Because usually the Harold website, just like their newspaper, sucks.
It blows like the hurricane.
Public school will be canceled.
At least to the end of this week in Dave Howard County.
There's your bad news, George.
Pain in the ass.
Kids are going to be home all along.
Terrorizing you and driving you crazy.
Daddy, daddy, there's no fool in the house.
Daddy, what are we going to do?
Daddy, there's no free.
There's no free.
Oh, the good news is anybody out there that had ice cream in the freezer?
Yeah.
Now you're not going to have to pop it into microwave, which you couldn't anyway,
because you don't have no powers.
That's right.
But the good news is it will temper to that nice consistency that we all know and love,
like mousse.
Hmm.
There's nothing like ice cream mousse.
Public school will be canceled at least to the end of this week in Dave Howard County.
Raising issues about the length of the school year.
And the schedule of Florida's high-stakes standardized test those tests.
Oh, my God.
Principles were still gauging hurricane damage to school buildings,
but massive power outages and difficult road conditions convinced both the strip
to scrap the entire week.
They're scrapping them.
Got it?
Got it.
Dave and Broward.
Nearly every school's value of power said Joseph Garcia spokesman for a date superintendent
Rudy Krue.
Initial damage reports were surprisingly light for a region that sustained massive
trauma to homes and businesses.
Well, maybe God left the schools alone.
May presideas work in mysterious ways.
In Dave, a wall collected Henry H. Filer middle school in high Alia,
maintenance offices in North-Aid and Crow race sustained serious wind and water damage,
which will slow repairs elsewhere.
In Broward, blanched Ely High School in public resources, the Emeasium roof,
Cypress Bay High in Western sustained major roof damage,
and eight new portables were severely damaged in Pember Pines.
I wonder about the port of parties around this construction sites?
Yeah, I could use one of those.
Man, we shouldn't want them to streets looking like noralines with all the things floating around.
Your friend asked governor, said he wanted districts to try to juggle teacher work days
in the holiday of occasions to meet the 180 day school requirement.
The worst hit counties in last year's hurricane quartet were allowed to dip
a low that mark, but Bush said he wanted to report.
We've definitely had experience dealing with that last year.
He said it's the last option, frankly speaking.
It was unclear whether Bush would consider letting badly damage the street to lay
a hugely important Florida comprehensive assessment test, the F-CAT,
which is scheduled to begin February 27th.
That test is what we know what it does.
After last year's storm, 12th of Florida, 67 counties took the test a week late,
and a lot more took it two weeks late.
Those districts ultimately scored better than the state average,
because they probably found out from the other kids what the questions were.
That always helps.
Just write it on. Write the answers on your sleeve.
That's all.
It worked for me.
And just how you just saw the movie Momento, and you just tried to emulate the goofball.
What's his name?
I don't know his name in the movie.
The Act Jack.
Oh, here it was.
David.
Right, guy here.
Sky.
Oh.
What a guy, man.
I'm turning my memory is sharp.
Maybe because I didn't have to go through the trauma of that herd.
Maybe.
Yes, today.
That could be it.
I just went to the bathroom with a flashlight.
Did you really?
Did you find it?
I did.
And the flashlight too.
I do that every day.
List of when Dixie Public's at home depots that are open.
Here you go.
Now do we have all these or not?
I don't know.
You read them and we'll compare.
Some when Dixie Public and Home Depot stores are open.
Most public stores were opened by the Spurring and Location South of Volkut to Pemberg Fines.
With some exceptions, a company spokeswoman said,
information about stores South of Pemberg Pines to the Keys was still being gathered.
Customers may see shortages, or that's a good one.
Maybe see shortages of perishable goods that were affected by the power loss.
And what about fiber water?
This might be a storage of that.
For information about open stored near community, call 1-800-242-1227.
I think you give that number out.
1-800-242-1227.
When Dixie, the following Windixie stores are open.
I'm going to bite my tongue just like you were in other places.
60-powder-west, 4th-avid-un-high-least.
6500-west, 4th-and-high-least.
58-50 North-West 180-Turied in Miami.
39-80 West 18th-Aven, high-lea.
12-1-10th-Aven, high-lea.
948-South West 67th-Aven, Miami.
146-55-South West 104th Street, Miami.
West 48-8-16th-Aven, high-lea.
Home Depot, most Home Depot is open powered by a generator spokesman.
Thank God for that.
Thank God for them.
So get your generator, get about your batteries, get your battery offered radio.
If you're listening to somebody else's radio right now or in the car.
Who knows?
God only knows for Christ's sake.
If have the panels really going to come through the next four weeks and get your power turned back on.
Except the person areas where their people live.
Always a good idea to make sure that somebody in neighborhood is a big shot at an FPNL.
And boy, that power comes back like just like that.
Like a bingo.
They have a big shot.
Yeah.
Not.
Our goal was 375 on a pool of the name.
We got 375.
I just looked at it.
Holy moly, right man.
Man, talk about having your thumb right on it.
So my international is open starting at 5 a.m.
Check with your airline, your Audi, Audi, and a Portage and a Pertree.
Now I also have, oh yeah, now listen to this before I do that.
Okay.
Because I want to get in some meaty stuff.
Because these people without the TV, they don't know what's going on in the world.
And they're not buying no newspapers.
Is where they're going to go and buy a newspaper, right?
Right.
Unless maybe the new vending box.
Or maybe you're not probably not.
I was going to say maybe you're a gas station quick mart or whatever they usually have papers there.
I don't think they're going to have me there.
In fact, most of those places won't have power and they won't be open either either.
Send a majority leader Bill Frist was given considerable information about his stake in his family's hospital company.
According to records that are at odds with his past statements lies that is they didn't know what it was in his stock holdings.
That is so unbelievable.
Managers of the trust that Frist was described as totally blind, regularly informed him when they added new shares of HCA anchor other assets to his holdings.
According to these documents in other words, it's in black and white.
It's on paper liar liar your Frist is on fire since 2001.
The trustees have written to Frist and has said at 15 times detailing the sale of assets from the contribution of asset to Frist and his family.
The letters included notice of the addition of HCA shares worth a half a million to a million dollars in 2001.
HCA stock worth 750 grand or a million to happen 2002.
The trust agreements require the trustees to inform Frist and the Senate whenever assets are added or sold.
Kenneth Clark, a law professor of Washington University in St. Louis said she was surprised, Kathleen I'm sorry, she was surprised that Frist had ever claimed before the summer's liquidation that he might have owned no HCA stock.
Did he say that? What was he thinking of she has? How do you know to sell the trustee to sell the HCA stock if he didn't know he had in the first place?
There's a profound question for you.
Oh, I don't know if I got any stock in like general motors but hey Frist saw my GM stock.
Boy, what did I tell you about that? That's the cards and you were a little reluctant there because you know we've been led down the garden path so many times.
This is it man. The cards are falling. It's like those dominoes at Domino Park. They're just plinking down.
They're like plink on prices right. They're tinkling and plinking down without a flashlight.
380 votes on the polls. Pretty impressive when you say.
I would. Nobody would know the stories.
And I'm learning a lot today about where our audience is.
I mean, you know, we do have these the hits that we get from around the world which but they're not written about.
I'm serious. Yeah. They're probably living places where they have like real newspapers.
40 42 people food, water, ice, and other whom her cane supplies have read that already.
Now what does that tell that means that there's 42 people listening to show who are in town who have power.
Well, where? If you have power call us out of the station and everybody from the station will come over and eat your food and just make them and do a number in your house.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Well, 32 560 WQM 80K FIT at Molleister for the new and improved Mo with two and then we got mad dog at four and then Panther stuff, Panther's and Penguins.
My international again is open at 5 a.m. noon, call your airline, call your report, call for Philip Morris, call your mother.
Four of our day closed it in all day. They got issues. Now I got it for Broward. I wish I had this for a day.
Like I said, the Sun Sun was doing a much better job than they were. They're both doing their best.
They're very difficult conditions when you say that's a good idea.
That's a good idea. Sure. Good enough.
This is city by city damage reports from Broward. Got it?
Tomato beach, heavy flooding in the southwest section, extensive damage to our rises on the beach about a dozen cars overturned, trees blocked the roadway, charter fishing flea in the Hillsborough inlawood destroyed.
Pumpano air park had heavy damage to hangers about 20 planes flipped over.
City Hall closed till for the notice. The brief hiccup expected to start today.
Utilities widespread power outages, tomato beach under a boil water notice when a dog boil it out. Hollywood, flooding minimal.
Do you have any flooding? No, not really. Damage numerous trees, power lines and traffic signals were down in Georgia's houses a mess.
Yeah, city hall. The firefighter was hurt when a fire truck hit down power line on Harrison Street in a 1 a about 2 p.m.
The 54 year old firefighter taking a memorial hospital with a fractured pelvis.
Another injury is the back end of the fire truck. The S N was ripped off. Residents could pick up ice and water at Oakwood Plaza.
The
Hollywood tourism 7 on Wednesday may also be canceled. The city Hollywood's under a boil water notice trash pickup resumes Thursday.
Miramar, no flooding. A man was transported to the hospital after a roof collapsed on a early Monday.
The lakeshore park tennis complex and got by fall and trees Monday. City Hall and park some rec services will be closed at it today in Miramar.
Garbage pickup resumes today. A special pickup for summer lady debris starts November 3. Community bus service will operate on schedule 7 30 a.m. to 6 30 p.m.
Curfew and forth from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. until further notice in Miramar water and sewer systems are working.
Coral Springs minor flooding substantial damage to roofs caused by trees and when debris utility poles blocking intersections and roadways down powered lines and dangling over the roadway and intersections said city manager Michael Levinson city hall closed today expected to be open tomorrow in Coral Springs.
Why spread power outages traffic signals and major intersections have blown down for a lot of day on no flooding.
Wind has been broken in buildings throughout the city, especially in downtown city all close to further notice power outages is almost 100% citywide on Monday said mayor Jim Noggo.
He's a crazy person. We haven't found anybody with electricity said water mains have broken to boil water water is in effect.
Well water order well I have an update that South Beach power has been restored South of 50th Street.
Oh my god. Hallelujah.
Well you just follow a good prep to the answer. Yeah by the way I'm getting a ton of calls. Can we say the gas stations again?
We will momentarily hold your water but we sure otter. Well that's more important. I'll just I'll just make a here before howl and they'll be because I mean nobody in howl and they'll under the age of 100 anyway.
So what are they worrying about? Okay go ahead. What do we got the gas stations? Sit goes at 70s second street in 87th Avenue. I presume these are day county location.
What do you mean you're getting a ton of calls? You're answering the phones? Yeah. Well that's great. Now not for me. It's hot. I'm sweating and I'm answering the phone and I'm hungry. Yeah we're hungry.
Too late for us though. How to grab something on the way home like maybe a twink. I could go into kitchen right now and get something to start just to make you even more aggravated.
I could you get some brats on for us? Okay. I'll get some brats on the on my flavor way. Okay now go ahead. Sorry.
Gas stations. This is important stuff. We're climbing around. There's always a lot of we have so far of course. 72nd and 87th Avenue. 72nd street and 62nd Avenue. 56th street and 67th Avenue.
Those are all sit goes. What else gas gas and looking through here for gas? Mobile gas station. US one and 57th Avenue. And that's it.
I have one. I have the dolphin gas on the southwest corner of the overpass on 441 and 95. I guarantee a lot of people at the speed of dolphins got gas to that game.
Now let's see they do have a listing. I'm going to I'm printing this out on a sunset. You think the hero does got listening for gas because it sounds a little bit too much like ass.
They might get upset. The very goody two shoes over there to her. Let's see if they got listening for gas. Well, I'm a place. I play some filler music. But you know I'll play some filler music. Okay.
Don't see it. So like I said the sunsets all the shrewdruners still her job. The software has got plenty of gas but no electricity for pumping itself.
So I'm going to say here motorists looking to fill up their tanks face to tough sounds this morning in the track out area. Though at least one Chevron station on Okotobi Boulevard west Palm Beach was up and running.
See there's a sun center again pandering to Palm Beach County nearly all gas stations contacted by phone. However couldn't get their gas pump from storage without electricity from FBNL Florida power and a loot.
We have plenty of gas but no power so the Moham and Hedry runs a mobile station at 1,000 one or federal highway in Boka in a common refrain of gas stations. That's the big damage. No lights. We have no gas to pump no computer. Still he said he was selling snacks cigarettes and other goods from his mobile station convenience story with our electricity.
Can you please call me back. He said we have a big line of customers and they all want parliament lights. FBNL was continuing to restore power this morning.
We have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line
but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big
line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we
have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of
but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big line of money but we have a big
line of money but I have a small
I'm gonna do it just after you're there, yeah!
Who writes his actual talent with your beloved mind?
I have more!
Hey, girls, the don't caretags that you sell a bandline!
I will sell a bandline and we'll take a bath, guys!
Cause we don't brag, and we're proud!
I can't stand for you for all the world!
Open your mouth, we can never ask you for a seat!
I'm crazy, I can't lie!
If you love my name, where's the one I call it?
We'll be down in school, we see the bandline!
You pair us up, right?
You can send me to tell a bandline!
And you should bump for the time of time!
And you've got the sound!
Oh, I'm a good guy!
Oh, I'm not a good guy!
Two thousand dead American troops in Iraq, we reached that golden number today.
Two thousand, anybody worked up into a frenzy about it?
No, they don't care.
146, if you end 14 minutes before any K does the F going through the old Moe show?
And, August 4th, Panther preview with 7 Panthers at the Penguin 730,
any K schedule for after that again, maybe he'll do double duty.
No, it's not, who's doing 1030?
I don't know!
You gots?
I gots!
He's from the...
No, Stu gots his brother.
Or maybe Stu gots is coming over and begging to be on his station, on a real radio station.
Hey, we saw those numbers too!
They were not Stu...
Oh!
Pendus, okay.
Got some Howard Stern news speaking of radio.
O.G., good by Howard Stern, hello, David Lee Roth, and Adam Corolla, and CNN Radio News
in Jack FM.
Infinity Broadcasting finally be leaving his plans to replace the sub-perfame King of
all media, announced a new morning drive-time lineup today of a certain-ho, asserted-asserted
asserted-hoes for its 27-soon-of-be-former-stirring stations.
Rather than the turning-away single replacement, Infinity offered a variety of names for different
markets.
The biggest belonging to ex-Fan Halen frontman, David Lee Roth, and comedian Corolla,
Roth, who appeared Tuesday morning on the student's nationally syndicated show to announce
the move will start in January, and WXRK, K. Rock, New York, WBCN in Boston, WISP, Philadelphia,
WKRZ in Pittsburgh, WNCX in Cleveland, WPBCN West Palm, and K.L.L.I. in Dallas.
Corolla, the North-Pristh Company, work on the main show in Love Line, takes over the
Infinity Stations in LA, Sandy, Ego Phoenix, Portland, and Los Wages.
When we set out to fight a replacement for Howard Stern, which took the opportunity to
cultivate a wide array of talent from both in and out of the radio industry, Cigilal
Hollander, Infinity Chairman, and C.E.
Oh!
Stern is on the air through the end of this year before Mace Delete from Treasurer Radio
to Sirius Satellite, radio and Infinity Stations in Sacramento, Buffalo, New York, and Fresno
were replaced during by switching to the Jack FM format, which features expanded playlist
of hundreds of songs, but with no disc jockey.
Radio on the real dirt cheap.
It does not have to be replaced during the replace during with anything from Talk Radio to Tim
Warner, Rinks CNN, Radio News.
Uh, we'll over with this jockey, he heard no higher, we'll expand his show on his Chicago
Detroit since then at any Memphis.
And Rochester, New York, Washington-based Morning Host, the Junkies will add Baltimore
is an outlet, and W.O.C.L.L.N. or Orlando will feature the team of Drew and Mel, our
KXBT and Austin Blair, Star and Buck Wild.
Oh, they're driving me wild, I'll pay that.
I like that.
Okay.
So how many people is it taking to replace Howard?
About third, man.
Now, getting back to the list, okay, because I got a, don't have time to dittle around.
I'll speak out of the list.
Yes, the sit-go on 72nd and 87th is out of gas now.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Damn, oh, we'll go over there and buy some chips or something.
And as far as the food places go?
Yes.
I've got two calls, the only two things I've heard's opened, the Char Hut on 595 in Pine
Island.
Well, what's wrong with that?
I heard there's a huge line, but it's open.
And up north on Atlantic Avenue and job road in Del Rey, there's a Ho Ho Chinese.
Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Yo Yo, I'll be then.
Well, yo Yo, let's go to Ho Ho.
What do you say?
Word?
No, no.
How long they'll beat?
How long they'll beat?
Significance and trailer parks, many power lines and traffic signals down.
Some reports of minor injuries, including a resident cut by flying glass.
The no major injuries are deaths.
Flooding minor.
Water and sewer service.
Okay.
City hall closed today.
Water and a lake.
No flooding.
Reports of roof damage to shopping centers.
A decision's not been made yet when they're going to reopen City Hall and water and a
lake.
Complete power outages.
Water Hill.
No flooding.
Why spread wind damage?
It's going to be a roof that will destroy residential areas.
Notice it may win the open city hall in Water Hill.
Why spread power outages?
Only areas in West Kenlock and St. George neighborhoods have a border order.
Isom water be distributed at City Hall Park, residents as to put hurricane debris at the
edge of the street?
Margate minor flooding.
Let's see.
Wilton Manor is no flooding.
Damage minor residential areas.
City Hall lost part of its roof over the commission chambers.
That's because God's probably got a message for those commissioners.
City Hall closed today.
Boyle water.
Why spread power outages in Wilton Manor.
Which sounds kind of gay to me.
Open park.
Flooding minor.
Roof the well.
Flooding apartment building on Northwest 21st and 26 people homeless moved into the
American Red Cross shelter.
Roof Collapsed at the My Chi Restaurant, 35th York Federal Highway.
Roof Collapsed at Christlooth River in Church 1955.
He's open park.
What about My Chi Restaurant?
Oh no.
What about that?
What about that?
Well, it sounds Polynesian to me, doesn't it?
Sure.
You know the My Chi.
They have the flaming baton act and all that.
But dancing girls.
Oh, the My Chi on Federal.
What am I thinking about it?
It had a brain fart.
How soon they forget.
Yeah, it's been there 100 years.
City Hall closed today.
Boyle water ordered down power lines.
West spread power outages in Oakland Park.
Pembroke Pines.
Flooding minimal.
City Hall had windows blown out.
And an art exhibition inside was damaged.
The public service building was also damaged.
Many trees uprooted streetlights and power lines down here.
Plains overturned in North Korea port.
City Hall opened on a limited basis today.
Water and sewer services.
Okay.
Resident Evil.
We know that.
Daniel Beech, part of the Fire Department Roof Field,
often high winds flooding minimal.
A Boyle water ordered an effect.
City Commission meeting for tonight's been canceled
for the ice of water at the City Hall sometime today.
Beach and parks closed still for the notice.
West and flooding minimal.
Many roads will be impassable for the next year or so.
Some underground water breaks and low water pressure.
No injuries or deaths.
Some of the city still has power in Western.
Well, that's all jammed into a SUV and go to Western.
What do you say?
All right.
I'll drive.
West Park.
Let's see.
It seems to me I'm missing something on here.
Do we ever get to plantation?
Oh, there it is.
West Park.
No flooding.
Down treason power lines.
Boyle water advised me to affect Pembroke Park.
Officials unavailable reports.
Reports of mobile home damage.
City under a Boyle water notice.
Cooper City.
Police to put a four-way stop sign in major intersections
when power is out.
Cooper City sports complex scoreboard demolished.
As was the city hallmark.
Key no major injuries reported.
Commission meeting canceled the night maybe.
Residents may pick up ice water and food at Brian Piccolo Park.
The hours to be to TVA.
North Lauderdale flooding minimal.
One of the city's two fire stations lost its roof.
Trailer park communities widespread devastation.
Two mobile home parks heavily damaged.
Residents can stay at the shuttered park like elementary.
A decision went open.
City hall is pending.
Complete power outage all life stations down.
And water plants on generators.
Two truck loads of ice and water available
at Kimberly Boulevard in the state road.
Seven and Hampton's Pines Park.
Seven to eight hundred Hampton Boulevard.
That was starting at noon.
They're open now.
Park with no flooding.
Extensive sign utility.
Pull.
Tree damage.
Some damage reported private home.
As the city hall closed today.
Boyle water order.
Wispred power outage.
Plantation.
No flooding.
Down treason power lines have blocked the roadway.
City hall is open today.
Boyle water in order.
In effect.
Wispred power outage.
Davey.
Trees blocked the back door.
It's a pile in parking.
Bleachers were overturned.
Basketball course roller hockey ring.
Pool recreation center.
We're referred to be okay.
It says nothing else.
Tamarack.
No flooding.
Extensive roof damage to private homes and businesses.
Wispred damage to fences and trees.
City hall closed today and tomorrow.
And Wispred power outage is.
Boyle water outage.
I'll order in effect.
That all right.
Were you writing it down?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good.
Think we passed along some fairly useful information.
Probably some useless also.
We're doing the best we can.
One fifty four Q.A.M.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five sixteen Q.A.M.
F.
They put the lemon in the back.
They put the lemon in the back.
But it's not there any water.
They put the lemon in the back.
G.A.M.
They put the lemon in the back.
G.A.M.
He's playing me when they took her out.
I said, Mommy.
I don't like it with the lime.
I said, Mommy.
I feel a lot less like it was in the mommy.
Yeah.
I haven't felt this sad.
Mommy, since they just couldn't give you time,
they put the lemon in the back.
She had they took her door over.
They put the lime in the back.
But it doesn't taste the same.
I used to drink lemon back.
She with my teeth with my legs.
I would hover my ear.
It would go down in an archery line.
I would hover my ear.
I feel a lot less.
Maybe doctors, pepper would be better.
Mommy, doctor, pepper.
Did I be a pepper too?
Doctors, busy use your physical disease.
Mommy, doctor.
I cannot find it.
I'm going to be great.
Sometimes I wish I was great.
Say what's a lemon in the bestie?
I think they took her door over.
Bye bye bye.
