do with the with these right what are you going to do with Lance Armstrong now
now he's accused everybody's accused it's an era of
e-dog world now eating is a guess for lack of a better word
so you ready for the trends
I got some interesting news for you yeah because you're a little under the
weather I'm just getting over that now you're getting it everybody's got
a great plug yep but uh... got some interesting news because you remember we
had that blow up in a station on Wednesday
all that
uh... as a result of a poll that took one ask you how many polls has he been on
that i've taken over the last three years
but at least maybe a hundred and without any hysteria
that was not remember the scene in godfather where cani uh... where it gets beaten up
for the second time by carlo and uh... you know
take a clean it up you get a brat needs to be there all the calls of sunny on the phone
yeah she's crying yep and uh... he gets a good amount of cause was a setup yep
well it's a similar kind of a deal dog and pony show he's gonna get a cause way
i have from very good the source that somebody we know i'm not going to mention
any names has been sniffing around town again that's story by sarni about somebody
signing a two year extension that was a premature evaluation as usual sarni knows
nothing
yeah that's not true you're expecting no work and so evidently somebody's been
sniffing around town so he would like to use me as an excuse to take a walk
guess what that ain't gonna happen i'm not going to be anybody's
patsy okay
pansy maybe but patsy no you know i like the fact that he said about nine times
that he wasn't upset
yeah
course it didn't bother him now
no it didn't because of his all the dog and pony show just to as an excuse
all right line was in about why just might walk out you know well you know
something else developed so i'll package along with him
yeah giggas and i exactly
that chinese say uh... giggas and the hate and cucks a hoist
that was a chinese say something like that to just a little bit of the out of
the way to tell you because jenuary man was really it's like a whole
audience to disappear to be once in a while arbitrant has a month like that
although that was after we've made all the changes again for the idiot time
so well february we really make the uh...
the big change of manage until february right so that should be reflected in
this trend yeah right yes okay but i've who who don't know i mean there all
depends if anybody uh... like sammy sosa spoke real english got a diary or
whatever you know who knows because if we have another bad one february the party's
over baby yeah well all be well good or is
could be i'm looking at this long today and uh... this must be an April fool's
joke yeah there was a it did you see yesterday's two
did not like this yesterday is this week but this is uh... a real stifle
speaking of our steel system and exactly did you see the the sun sent a story
about the slots and i got it i got it that yeah i just it makes you weak it's
the same old garbage all over again although i think the state senate might it
was so close in that committee tending nine i think the uh... the state
senate is gonna put up with that
well hopefully jibble go to work on it you know that i see that the uh... horse
people and the dog and i like people are at each other's tropes to that this is
really working out very well you know
oh boy they never learned so yeah sometimes people get what they deserve yes that's
what's gonna happen they never learned although i will say this now they're
talking about limiting the number to three thousand even if they do the big
roast down three thousand in each facility well where now did that come from
three thousand is huge yeah that's a lot the new casino in uh...
nine refalls the falls view which is a beautiful place they've got three thousand
and it's gigantic i mean woodbinds got seventeen hundred minutes very big
so they got three thousand that would be a huge yeah even if they're uh...
not real slots yeah even if they just make believe like most everything in
Florida make believe it's the land of make believe well we'll be listening
today we'll do a good job tomorrow be well watching them wrong fact i'll be
watching you from uh... plantation tomorrow away that you're gonna be here
yeah alright so i'll see you Monday okay great and hopefully we can
celebrate a big trend i'll look forward to that for something like that
okay and i'm gonna bring in a bunch of dishes and he'd mull against the wall
stand a whip clean it up clean it up just while getting brat yeah
don't make me laugh we feel better thanks i'm gonna win it bye bye
right after that
I have back
Okay, we're here in Hank again doing the interview or something on here. How come somebody's got a pot somewhere there?
Oh
Oh
Oh
I
Could be
St. Peter's square there. It's a 504 cuz they're already on daylight time a week ahead of us
Don't forget by the way this weekend tomorrow and I turn your clocks ahead. Okay, spring ahead fall back a lot of their crap. Okay, spring ahead fall back
Saturday
Like I said tomorrow night you're not aware of that two o'clock in the morning. Yeah, I'm already on daylight time in Europe
So it's five little after five noon over there and there were some jet skis in the St. Peter's square there
And of course pretty soon they're gonna be blown at smoke maybe through a huge
Big gigantic Vatican bomb. Tell most of it. Yeah, I know but at any rate
It's amazing that we got this new TV death watch. There's a Sanjay Gupta again on CNN
We conduct their act. I just pooped it when I saw Sanjay Gupta. It's just incredible anyway
Let's get going. We got bimbo number two on our website today. No name. She doesn't need a name her face could use a little work
Which he's got huge whatever you're looking for okay huge
Set shapely a huge a huge match set
If you're there she is bimbo number two is not even the same league with number one yesterday
She was really fine. Yeah, the UI wine
This is amazing. I'm big important. This one has body paint. I don't care what it's got the face could use a lot of work
This one today, but anyway, there's bimbo number two
We also got the boon in the box that'll stay up there in perpetuity as we have the show in the show here
And we got pat boon with his package in a package TV. Oh, I speak on TV death watch Frank Perdue was dead the chicken man
He's dead. You're not impressed by that everybody
I was trying to produce he was the chicken guy. He wasn't that old. I know how old he was
I don't think yeah, he was born in 1847. What would that make him?
Let's see we got the trends coming out of 1130
We're just stalling around for next hour and 20 minutes and there's a lot of crap atation that building
Let me say that right now. Wow people are just on pins and needles
Not so much that we're concerned that anybody else would be going up, but we're concerned about us going down
Old man
Okay, let's take a look at yesterday's pool and let me say it again in case you missed a little crossover there with Hank
This whole dog in ponies show that went on our air Wednesday afternoon
And anybody can deny it all they want. I know this for a fact
I had it right from the horses
Petunia, okay, no question about it see one thing about when you start sniffing around all over the market for work
Which everybody's entitled to do that you know whatever they want to do. I have no problem with that fact
I've packed somebody a sandwich, but the word gets out every you know everybody talks pop up everybody's got a big mouth
But the fact is I wouldn't even mention it were not for the fact that that was so contrived and that that outrage
And it's there over over a pool come on man get serious
We've been more pools with him on her fact back in the early days when I was you know like World War 7
He was on every other pool that we did and winning handled it by the way nice job, Mo
But anyway, that's so what that's all about you know that would be a real good excuse
Well, and you're right. It's blah blah blah blah blah blah. I'm not gonna put up with this and away he goes
So we'll see other than politicians who's death you most eagerly await that's our poll question from yesterday
1673 votes a lot of sadist out there Jerry fall well past Terry once Terry kind of like
Give up the ghost and so did the Pope as a matter of fact now that he's moved up into a strong position
Jerry fall well 413 I did a little search on it to see if I could find any update on his
Latest near death experience fall well, but I don't see a nothing huh nothing to promising on there now
The last thing I saw was from Wednesday, which of course when you're dealing in life-and-death situations two days ago
It's like an eternity so we don't know fall well 413. He beat the crap out everybody and rightfully so he should only croak
The Pope 181 he just may give you your wish
Terry chival 176 and of course that she already did it for a final cast row 159 that bearded bastard rush limbaugh that fat pill pop it up
That's a great 140 murdering OJ Simpson 124
You see are we had three people pass me and more like we were standing still more hour David
We had a pretty neck and neck nose to nose for while but he passed me by 30
130 100 for Mo and 71 for me on my own
69 people said their own death they're eagerly awaiting
Ha ha ha ha ha and in South Florida. That's easy to understand her Scott Peterson 31
It's way down from that from 69 to 31 George Rodriguez and my mother-in-law 27 a piece a lot of similarities there
I'm sure from any of you
Well, no, you only had 27 you thought you were gonna go zooming up. Yeah, I did
But you didn't don't I miss 24 the I man the divinning the diamond
He's I am over there Benny hidden in Bob Novak 23 a piece
My ex spouse 19 my spouse 15 Reverend Jones 13
George time under 12 Greg Reed 10 and I can be sure that from my current and past employees
Father Shanley 9 Prozac Ron 5
Please Paul Crox 2 and Dave Friedman done cuz we didn't put we should have put on their high up alley in parentheses
Because they don't know who Dave Friedman is pet boys former neighbor real pain in the ass a real
Case is a like and tell you hi
Howie yeah, that's that's who we're talking about Dave Friedman. He didn't get any
That was yesterday's pool today's pool which I realized is we've done it once before a while back
But I kind of like you know it's like a fantasy and and I'm not putting on there
Oh, I wouldn't want to live anywhere else in Florida
Well if you if that's what your answer is you deserve being there. Okay. I don't want to hear that crack
You know just for fun because mostly aren't going anywhere anyhow other than Florida
We're in the world would you most want to live right? We know that this is y'all your favorite place
Right I'm looking at all the different great places that you want to put on your like sconectity and the if salani whatever you like
Las Vegas 41 now. I see I don't understand that for the life of me. What why is that?
Well, we've discussed this before people justify they think that the strip is Las Vegas
You know they go that's why keep telling Josh when you go to your rented car and you drive out into the residential areas and out for the mountains
And you see what the cities read you're all about. I'm good. Thanks. Oh, okay. Well, you don't want to see what it's all about
You just I mean I've been around the out you know
Yeah, you're so full of crap. You haven't even been downtown and you've been downtown
What I asked you what's downtown like a lot of very famous like the golden nugget a lot of
Famous old I'm not saying you want to go there and plunge your guts out
But you're sure at least ought to see it even if you only drive through it. I drove through it. Right. There you go
I have to stop and go up plunge in here. Yeah, I probably have to I just don't have to go to downtown
You got to go there for your marriage license. No, you don't you want to go through one of those drive through America than the most you got to go downtown
To get the license then you go to the dress. Oh, I see is that how works? That's how it works
I know cuz you've got married to them. They're done that. Yeah, well a lot of people got truck and made bad mistakes there
Well anyway and so do you have this story about Pat you can't be doused with salad dressing?
I saw that but I wouldn't they wouldn't print out so I would appreciate a copy that I tried to do a print it
But it wouldn't for some reason. I'm gonna go okay. Oh, Las Vegas 44 and student 28
Well, I gave that a shot. I had the department over there three years running and it's just a tough place to live
Not that I didn't have a great time. I had a fabulous time, but it's just I don't know
It's frustrating because they're like in the dark ages, you know most of the rest of Europe
I'll or at least a lot of the rest of Europe is more modern more with it more like in at least the 18th century
But the people in Amsterdam seem very content like living in the stone age stone and stone age and as a result every when you
Like why I remember going out to try to find a soap dish for my shower and I had to go like in five different places before I could find
Something that passed as a soap dish. I'm not even sure it really was but I see oh if I did just had some body washback then
I might still be there anyway Amsterdam 28 you'll have a great time. Let me tell you about this great Chinese restaurant there
Vancouver 26 New York 25 Rome 21 that would have been my choice once upon a time now
I voted for Cologne Germany Rome is great Toronto 16 then wrong with Toronto a I like it
Pavana 15 LA 14 Paris 8 that's gay per week isn't it?
Oh God. Yeah, that's what I was reaching that
eight no way Cologne six. I'm amazed at that and that promising. Okay, you promise?
Israel for yeah, well thank you. Is salami and Swiss. Okay. It's great
Berlin tree and Lake Tahoe who put that on her none. That's me. Are you want to live in Tahoe? Yeah, I've been there. I like it
It's a very scenic. It's beautiful, but you get tired of it after about a week
Commentator and former presidential count tell you one thing. I like Sacramento a lot put Sacramento, California on there
But it's a beautiful. I just love it there. Yeah, they got a racetrack. They got
That real hot drive and I don't know to something about the weather. It's not as hot as in
Vegas because in Vegas in the summertime when it gets to about 115 and everything you touch starts like sparking
You know and you're getting shocked and you're like throat is drying up like it'll kind of like Terry Shavell
A little bit over the top in Vegas from about like me until October can like South Florida without the humidity
Commentated in former presidential candidate Papi of Canon cut short and appearance in Kalamazoo Michigan after an opponent of his conservative views
Dowson with salad dressing. Oh right. I wonder if it was free salad dressing. You know can't craft free
Right stop the bigotry that I'm afraid to shout it is the pearl the liquid last night during the program at Western Michigan University
The incident came just two days after another noted conservative bill crystal was struck by a pie during an appearance at a college in Indiana
I'll write after it was hit you can cut his cut short is question answer session with the audience saying
Thank you all for coming
But I'm gonna have to get my hair washed the then straighter identified by 30s
It's a 24-year-old student of Kalamazoo Valley Community College was arrested and faces a Mr. Meenner charge of the
Disturbing the piece it was released on a hundred dollars cash bond pending is April 14th of Raymond
He could have faced a felony assault charge but Papi Canon decided not to press that charge said University spoke some back hurts in that grade
Buchanan's what does that say I can't then what's that second word? Oh his visit to this print is small enough
But even with a magnifying glass you can't read it
Buchanan's visit had a vote controversy on campus because it fell on the birthday of the late Mexican American labor leader
Caesar Chavez Buchanan favors Teta controls and immigration and a parking lot
And so he's busy washing his hair
Water identified Buchanan Vegas-Cannon uses a body washing you
Slowly
The Little Rogers
is a music video
on 5.60
a.m.
It's gone.
A little pocket hole
to marriage
of the baby and prince
that can sell this new
gallon and spin with a win
while it's down
behind the last steps
on Harry's tears
he can live
rather well
he'll have to live
all year
and save the dog
in his dreams
and save the whole world
and make queen
in his dreams
Now, you know what?
that mistake in there already
Harry has been a martyr
down, and a little brother
William, right?
See that?
I mean, not only are they
doing schlock now
but they can't even
get their faster
and they don't want us
to be queen
coming up to the end
of the house
looks like you're my
head up
Charles rest the boy
at home
and he's got a new door
we'll be home
trophies at a limousine
yes
because they don't want us
to be queen
The poor hosin killed today
by the way
not that anybody
cares outside of the
silly-esque British
Charles, no-but-a-cures
believe me
and especially us
20 past 10, if you and we
have an hour and ten minutes
to go before
that momentous
and there's nothing we can do
you know, it's
trees the hands of the
overclocked
it's just, you know,
it's going to come
whether we wanted or not
well, guess who else is
dying?
well, there's a lot of
dying going on
who don't have like an epidemic
Prince Rainier of Monaco
and the only reason we
care about him is
because he was married
to Grace Kelly
right?
which a lot of people
are very jealous about that
Prince Rainier of Monaco
is also very curious
and hopes of his recovery
are extremely weak
his doctors say, in other
words,
however, the doctor said
today the 81-year-old
monarchs three children
were in full agreement
that active therapy
was justified for the time
being.
Well, don't tell me
that they're thinking
about pulling a shoe
over there too.
The state of health
of his most serene
highness, Prince Rainier
the third, still
rains precarious
his doctor said in
medical bulletin, hopes
for a favorite
lock and remains
extremely weak, not
just weak but extremely
weak.
Kind of like the pope.
He's an extremely
serious condition.
Any second, now you're
going to see wisps of
smoke coming out of there.
All of the wisps of
smoke come after they've
chosen a successor, right?
Definitely will not be
another pollock.
I'll tell you that right
now.
That's what they're saying
it's either going to be
an attendant.
He's the first non-attalion
Pope since the 16th century.
Did you know that?
Yes, I did.
Well, there you go.
In fact, now they're saying
it might not be an attendant
might be a Latino,
but I doubt that.
Maybe Alberto Gonzalez can
be the new pope.
The cautious medical
assessment comes as a
a day into palace.
A day in the palace said
Prince Albert had taken
over the regency because his
father was unable to
exercise his royal
functions.
And of course, if you're
going to be the king, you
got to exercise your royal
function.
Although now the
grace Kelly's long since
dead, they probably
ain't as much exercise as
once upon a time.
Robert says, could you
please add like
like Ron Concoma to the
poll?
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now that's about 20 feet
to support me.
Not much to be adding
Oh wait a minute, this one's probably the same guy.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, paly.
Uh, you think you could ask your full Prague?
Prague is where it's happening, man.
I was there a lot in November, even though it was cold,
but that was one hell of a nice city.
Yeah.
Just very liberal.
The people are wonderful.
And the place is right too.
They still not on the euro yet, so it's very important.
Thank you, Mr. Dan.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, Prague and the Czech Republic.
And of course, Budapest, also might as well put that on there.
Budapest is, believe it or not, is where it's happening now.
Do you know that?
That's what I'm told.
Budapest.
So let's get those both on there, a sin and perversion and all kinds of
grotesque stuff going on in both of those places.
Prague and Budapest.
Well, they're definitely a woke up a little bit.
What's with these people today?
What is their story?
I don't, uh, I'm missing something somewhere.
Maybe they're just waiting for the numbers to come out like we are.
Oh, we're, we're trying to avoid it.
QAM, hello?
Yeah, A&T.
Yeah, A&T, you know, I think, uh, you, you know, I think I already found a home.
Okay.
Send them back.
WDQIA.
Hey, we're going on, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like living in Miami.
Yeah.
Put that on the pole.
No.
WDQIA and hello.
All the way.
It is perfect for a man.
You're here in the background in Macho.
And you're here.
Yeah, they're having like a little Friday cluster.
WDQIA and hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
San Francisco.
Yes.
Definitely a city it would be nice to live in.
Okay.
And I think Chicago.
Now it's cold to tell there, but it is a back time.
30 lot of old Chicago.
How can I leave that off the pole?
People love Chicago.
It's a great, great city.
Great food, man.
Oh, you can't beat the food.
And I mean, if you can stand the cold weather, it's a fact that it's like spring, most of the
year.
And don't forget about those nice white people downtown in the loop.
There's a whole bunch of them.
Yes, and there's also some nice projects down there too.
Right.
I got one of the quick story for you.
Last time I was standing outside with my wife, talking to a couple of neighbors who were watching
their kids.
And they were talking about poor Terry Chiro when I was kind of like, you know, yeah,
I, and I made a comment.
I said, well, the next one we got is the Pope, I said, and I said, now he has a feeding tube.
And with that, the two, the women looked at me like I was nuts.
And the two men looked at me.
And simultaneously, without, you know, coordinating it between each other, it's said to me, you
ferry.
And we busted out, and the women looked at it and shipped it and walked away.
My wife said it had to be that idiot, Neil Rogers.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
Thanks, County.
Have a good one.
Good story.
Okay.
How do you like that?
That idiot Neil Rogers.
Yeah, the women out there hate me like poison.
You know what?
Too bad.
No sense of humor.
Sour.
That's why the guys are all screwed up in a head because the women I've told you that for
years.
It's true.
Well, you can relate to it.
Boy, you're like a poster child for that.
Yeah.
A lot of the guys in South Florida, you stand their heads on straight.
You used to be pretty decent people.
It's fairly irrational.
And then of course, they ran those women afford and they just, you know, they're like
that.
I feel very sorry for all those heterogies.
But that's where it goes.
Sure is.
Very Jackson has a whole bunch of crap in here.
Mostly about $7.90.
Of course, not that, you know, that insatuous relationship that they've got.
You know, I don't see the disclaimer on there anymore either, Barry.
The fact that you have that working relationship with $7.90.
He can't write enough about them.
And this is the same guy who put the fan on the front page of the herald when they came out.
Remember the fan, 1900 on your AMVAL, whatever was.
How many minutes did they land?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
And I'll say it again.
And here's another brilliant move by Greg Reed.
You know, he always, this is his mole.
This is his confidant, Barry Jackass.
And every time he has an opportunity to stick it to QAM, there's very doing it to us, man.
Every chance he gets, you know how to pick him, Greg.
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
You want to say that he'll rush us exclusively on 560 AM.
Friday, you best.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White House Association.
Let's face it, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scared their s**t out of people, and timid egg dominant, giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for fear?
All the convenience store takes some ships and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free, and you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution to life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out, and be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make advance.
Hand 32, 28 before 11 o'clock.
We're like 58 minutes away, but who's counting, right, from those trends?
Not only a trend, it's like December, January, and February.
No, but less.
But because we've had so many changes, because we've gone through so many volcanic eruptions here at QA,
and because we have such spastic management and ownership, we're just continuing to claim the hopes that we're still alive.
Like Silatso said, five shots, and he's still alive.
You know what Silatso said?
Yes.
Yes.
Vegas 52, other than Florida, we're in a world where you most want to live.
That's our poll question.
Now, anybody that really wants to live in Miami gets what they deserve.
I'm very happy for it.
You're happy?
I'm happy.
I'm ecstatic for it, because that leaves a lot more room someplace else.
Vegas 53, a bad choice.
I just can't even, you know, I mean, like many people who live in the Vegas,
and I do, you know, I have a lot of fun this for it, but,
and I had those periods of time, and I thought, oh, I'm going to move out here.
I'm going to really love it here, and I'm going to do my show from here.
All I crap.
No way.
Right.
I mean, even after a weekend, after a couple of days with me,
it gets really old.
Really old, yeah?
Well, people have that attitude about a lot of vacation places, you know.
Oh, yeah.
Be really great to live here.
And the same with Amsterdam.
Like I said, it's a great place to visit for a week, two weeks, whatever.
Or like those three summers I spent there was fun.
But it's, first of all, it's hard to find the housing that's even habitable.
I mean, it's just everything is so, right, it's backward there.
And like I said, and then not only is the food bad
in most of the restaurants, but then going to go shopping.
Mm-hmm.
Now, what else is an imminent supermarket chain?
Albrecht Heinz?
Albrecht Heinz?
No, actually Albrecht has bought it, as a matter of fact, interestingly enough.
But anyway, it's Albrecht Heinz, it's the big departments, not department, the supermarket chain.
And you go in there, and you can't complain about the selection because they don't have it.
I mean, it's just, you take to yourself, this is your idea of cuisine.
This is your idea of food.
I mean, where is something I can eat in the frozen food section?
Where is something like, even Chef Boyard, he would be good, you know, in a can.
Anything.
I mean, real crapola.
But then again, and of course, all that business about well when you're an area, you know, you're smoking a lot of dopey.
Yeah. So you're not going to eat?
I thought that's what happened.
You know, because I smoke a lot of dopeies, you want to eat something good.
Right.
Besides fries with mayonnaise and brown schmusson.
Vegas 53, Vancouver 36.
Never been there, but everybody raves about it.
It's really great in Vancouver, right?
George voted for it.
New York 33, Amsterdam 32.
Like I said, find a place to visit or have a wonderful time, but forget about it.
Rome 28, Havana 21, Toronto 17.
That's good.
That's not overdoing that.
We got enough crowd here already.
L.A. 16.
We got enough Americans here already.
Like I said, and everybody else.
What's just happened to this?
L.A. 16, Paris 14.
Why is that?
Too many French.
Cologne, Germany 9, maybe the greatest city in the world.
Lake Tahoe 8, Israel 4.
Maybe they want to go to the Cabotes and Kibots.
Merlin 3, Prague 2, Ibiza 2, Chicago 1, San Francisco 1, San Francisco.
You're fair.
Sacramento and Budapest don't have any yet.
That's really sad, because I hear Budapest is really fantastic.
I may actually be going there, I think, a little later on this year.
One of those is like August vacation, something like that.
Prague and Budapest.
They're very close.
Waiting for your report.
I'll give you a full report.
Here's a fact from Rick who says,
Costa Rica is my choice for the pool.
Excellent choice, Rick.
Maybe you'll run into our old Bug Man down there.
Fill the Bug Man in Costa Rica.
Have there's beautiful rain forests?
Yes, they do.
I already put that on there.
Your boy, Jeb Cohen, actually called that in.
Excuse me?
Yeah.
He called it on what?
On a walkie-talkie?
On the phone here.
He rang up and...
On what phone?
The phone's sitting right in front of me here.
Well, what phone is that?
Is that a number that I don't have?
No, the inside studio phone.
OIC.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Very Jackson writes,
as the dolphins and new flagship stations,
790 the ticket begin the task of fighting a new radio announcement.
The question will be whether they opt for the two most appealing local candidates,
790s John Shambi and Jimmy Cephalo,
or higher outer market horses.
Do you think he's got 790 in there enough?
How many times has he got 790 in the first three paragraphs?
About 30 men.
Of course that has nothing to do with that incestuous relationship that the hero has with 790.
Very.
Shambi, the former Marlon's radio announcer who is announced college football,
is clearly the most viable local candidate for the play by play job.
But he hasn't called any NFL games unlike some of the applicants,
including extra line of panties voice Bill Rysinski.
Cephalo, the leading sportscaster at WPLG10, has emerged as the most obvious local option for the color job.
Not only because he's articulate and is never experienced,
but also because several other dolphins are in broadcasters,
and sent word they're not interested, including Joe Rose,
Matt Moore and Chris Carter.
Matt Moore, I'm going to tell you something, you know, he may be a very nice guy.
Matt, you make the crow sound like watercrunkite, okay?
You are so, so you make Lenny Martez sound like Dan Rather.
I mean, it's just amazing to me.
Matt Moore and Chris Carter.
What else, where does his broadcast experience come from?
Good for Chris.
Yeah.
I didn't wait a minute.
Good job by Chris.
Oh, there's more than one?
He doesn't know Chris.
Oh, that's what it is.
Okay.
Nice going, Mo.
Absolutely.
You're not going to get me into some kind of AS shootout.
You, you somebody else's your scapegoat, okay?
If you want out, good luck to you.
Anyway, Newdolph and CEO Joe Bailey is determined to conduct a thorough search
and consider outer market applicants that drive,
the team will drive the process, but 790 will be consulted.
See, there it is again, 790.
Toof, the former announcement is WQM's Mohawar-David-Dinja Mandage
are not being considered it.
The team won't save a plan star, a former dolphin for the analyst job,
but that would be logical.
If the dolphins make a higher outside South Florida,
it seems horribly they would do so for the Play by Play job.
This has been an eventful stretch for a Shambi 34.
He surprised the Marlins and FS Ender in the winter by turning down the team's
TV Play by Play job order to work 30.
But turn, man.
Major League Baseball Games for ESPN and do a talk show for 790.
Oh, Barry Ristull is a bull in a China shop, and then when it comes to the bull,
maybe you've got it all at least he slips him out a little bit, you know?
As opposed to Jim Sartney, who just sits there like a big tub of lard on the sofa.
And I thought that Barry was the couch potato.
I'll never forget, I was thinking about it in the shower this morning, as a matter of fact.
Hey, Barry, I was thinking about you in the shower, as I was dropping my body wash.
About the other time I met him at Pearson Airport that time right here in Toronto.
And he waddle up to me, oh, you know who I am? I'm Barry Jackson.
And a lot of the things you say about me are true.
I mean, what a line.
A lot of what you say about me is true.
Is that an incredible line or what? That's a true story, a true story.
So I said to my head at Toronto's son that I already had finished reading,
which is a right-wing rag, but it's got a great sports section.
And I said, you ever read the sun very easy?
And I said, well, here you go. No charge.
Look at this and see what a real sports section is all about.
You idiot.
And the other piece of important news in here.
The Marlins will allow a number two radio announcer, Roxie Bernstein,
to remain the radio voice of University, California, basketball.
But the Marlins will always take priority, it says.
So he'll be fun along to mute, Roxie.
So what's the story on Roxie? Josh, what do you know?
What do you think? What do you hear?
I don't know him yet. I'm going to meet him opening day.
And I'll give you my opinion.
No, you won't.
I've heard him. I think he sounds fine.
Yeah.
In some other words, he got it. He sounded like Gildi.
He was full of it. I haven't heard him so I can't make any judgment.
No, he probably pretty good.
He doesn't sound like Gildi.
No, nobody sounds like Gildi.
I'm looking at an X-Wheel schedule.
We got opening day on Tuesday.
In fact, Moe is going to be doing his show Tuesday from 2-3-30 out of the stadium
because we have Marlin Pregium at 3-30.
The Braves and a Marlins at 405.
I wonder who Moe is going to be rooting for on that day.
I think the Braves. Absolutely.
He admits he's a Bravestran.
Gildi and Hollywood dog track that night too.
So we got a big Tuesday.
But what I really was, why am I giving Tuesday a schedule here?
I want to get ahead.
But we don't have any early games next week.
That's what I was really looking for.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Like every day of the week.
Yeah.
Come on. Let's play five.
Like any banks would say.
Let's play 10.
Starting at about 10.45 would be good.
Look at this. It's 10.41.
Count them.
Not the work counting.
19.30 looks like 49 minutes.
It's going to be a little rough.
It's going to be nice.
It's going to be nice.
It's going to be nice.
It's going to be nice.
It's going to be nice.
It's going to be nice.
Freedom and fake cheese.
Yeah.
Is it close across the door?
It feeds on your fear before Jason.
Before Freddie.
Before Clay Haken.
One man haunted your nightlife.
And now he's back.
KC is back.
And he's more frightened than ever.
Yeah, he's old.
Boogie man.
30 PG-3G.
Because that's the way I like it.
Uh-huh.
10.45 at UM.
Britney is pissed off about pregnancy reports.
Do we hear about her?
She's old news.
Well, she looks kind of pregnant.
Those pictures.
She's pork and earth.
It's like another publicity stunt.
You know, well, so does what's her name too?
What's her name?
I don't know.
Terry Shive.
Yeah.
A tie to pregnancy reports.
Britney Spears is lashing out of template magazines.
Do you uswickly and touch star another desperate magazines,
one employees who are honest to those who are liars,
spears rights,
and posting on a website address,
Dear Falls tabloids.
Rumors have recently swirled at the 23 year old pop star
is preggling,
and that her marriage to Kevin Feederline is on the rocks.
Spears didn't specifically address either issue,
but instead asked magazines for some self-examination.
Your employees are a reflection of your magazines.
You write center posting.
I'm really concerned about the people you're hard to work
into your companies.
Well, guess what, Britney?
We don't care.
Okay?
You're old news, and speaking of really old news,
guess who's at war with one of your favorite organizations?
Paida.
I give up.
If your star zones rentals.
Oh.
Beware on April Fool's Day.
The people for the ethical treatment of animals.
Paida.
We'll target the co-host of the view.
Oh, I'm by the way speaking.
Oh.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get 50,000 locations on the uphold today,
just for the hell of it.
Okay?
Keep you out of trouble over the weekend.
Once those numbers start coming in,
man, we're going to be pouring over those.
We're going to be like dissecting them,
and chewing them up, and spitting them out.
And that only knows where we're going to stick them.
Maybe in the...
Cute!
Yeah.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Just like you are, just for the moment.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
What do you got?
I can't hear you.
I'm just feeling what I'm saying.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Just looking at Mirror Pal.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, I got one for the poll today.
Great.
What do you think about the Playboy Mansion?
Hello.
Playboy Mansion, buddy.
What a jackass.
Play with this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the Verizon singular.
There was something I heard the last hour of Hank Shaw, or at least a good chunk of it.
Not the last hour, the 8 to 9 hour.
And he was not feeling well.
And as a result, they were like punishing him by not calling.
Maybe it's just, maybe they're all vanished today.
Maybe it's just like April Fool, huh?
Maybe it's really Saturday, but they're trying to feed us that it's Friday.
Could that be it?
I think so.
I really don't care because I'm just waiting for 11.30 because I'm real curious.
And boy, you know, through all, because every month there's a trend.
Where these ratings, the ratings go on three months at a time.
They're like rolling numbers three months.
But I think in all the years that I've been on this station anyway.
I mean, I would be we had some real nervous breakdown times.
But on this station, I think this particular one is the most melodramatic, the most, you know.
Because we're dropping off the big November.
This is December, January and February.
And December was, and that's a great January for the whole station was horrendous.
And so if we have another really bad February, we could be really, you know, right there with Terry and the Pope.
We could be kind of like in between.
So people in the building are like just all squeezing each other and, you know, slide along the walls.
That's what I'm hearing W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Copenegon.
Copenegon.
Okay, we'll see you there.
They didn't use to be there.
And all of a sudden one day they woke up and on every other street corner is another old Frank evidence and other 711.
I don't know why for your convenience.
I see W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't know if you heard this.
But when Congress comes back on vacation, they're going to be looking into P-Bolt TV next.
And I think there should be more sex on TV, not less.
Oh, no, that's not what that's Ted Stevens at right wing elunatic from Alaska.
That's what he wants.
He says it's a little level playing field cable satellite, your pop up toaster.
They want to regulate everything.
Right.
So not only in a hospital room, but now they're going to be in our bedroom.
You got it.
What do you want to be?
Okay. I'll see you at the border.
Thanks.
I'll wait you.
Okay. 5.6705.60, pound 5.60.
And I was saying just before that something extremely important, I didn't finish my thought.
Very extraordinarily important.
I don't know.
I can't live there.
It's going to be that important.
Well, let's see.
We got 30, eight minutes now.
Oh, brother.
Now I was just talking about the pressure in the building because, you know, if we can survive
another one of Greg's, you know, Dr. Frankenstein routines.
Yeah.
It's like keeps, take talk about the autopsy on theory, Shiboh.
It's the same thing with this radio station.
Keeps opening it up there like a mad surgeon, you know, and just ripping it open and taking this part
and throwing it over here.
And we've been able to survive a lot of that.
I'm not too sure about this one though.
I'm even the last straw.
You see, I know this comes as a great shock to some of the people inside our building.
And by the way, Lyle, it's not too late to reveal your identity lie.
You got me a peak mic curiosity.
And those other factors, they weren't inside the building.
That was the little Julio, a finely god on me later in the day, Danny and his juniors.
It's them, the little Julio.
It's who like to send all the...
Grab my junior, honey.
Yeah.
A little faxism pretended it's like a PD Lenny and it's from the inside.
Which, sometimes, they're very amusing, but that's their life.
This show is their entire life, which is very...
I have no life.
Pathetic.
But the other one from Lyle, obviously, like I told you, is somebody inside the business.
You could tell that from yesterday, right?
Yes, sorry.
Talking into a dead mic.
Oh, don't tell me that button is malfunctioning again.
Oh, please.
What do you mean?
Again, not a good idea if I'm going to be doing shows there for a week, not a very good idea.
Engineering?
Yeah.
What a bunch of lazy-ass bastards.
God.
Oh, but we have 24-7 stations.
Yeah.
What a novel concept that is.
Dominic UAM.
Hello.
Hello.
I have a question.
Yes, ma'am.
When does the NSL draft begin?
My husband asked me this morning in a joke...
You know what I would do?
I cut him off for a month if that's what your husband asked you.
He's been cut off for two months for other reasons, but it's almost over.
Tell him to get a life.
Tell him to get a life.
No, no, no, we're great together.
It's almost over.
The famine's almost over.
Let me say it again.
Tell him to get a life.
560-7-0560.
I'll leave a horizon and singular wireless lines.
How very, very sad.
How come he called?
I couldn't call.
How about having the family parakeet called in and find out for a month?
What is he?
Some kind of a...
Was?
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Hey, as far as your husband's concerned.
You're fairy.
Dominic UAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What did they not do anything?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen.
County corner.
Not to city corner.
County corner.
No, no, it is not a county corner.
Only children.
Only overgrown children say, County corner.
Okay, Schmuck.
WQAM, hello.
Keep calling.
QAM.
Yeah, I should start out thinking of New York.
Great place to live.
Yeah, okay.
A new man.
Can you tell how his whole fist was in his...
That's good.
Wow.
Not just a digit to the elbow.
WQAM, hello.
No, two o'clock as soon enough.
QAM, hello.
All right.
What's up, Neil?
Speaking.
Neil?
Yep.
Yawai?
I'm a bit of a fairy shivo today.
I'm a bit of a party.
Could I say a fair fair fair share shivo?
Yeah, okay, go ahead.
Dominic UAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
Can you put Sandy A.
Go on your thing, man?
Can we put her on there?
Yeah.
I hear it's really nice.
Oh, it's expensive as hell, but it's a great city.
Yeah.
I hear there's a lot of seafood there.
No fish in my house.
I can tell you that.
Okay.
Have a great day, probably.
I know that's what I thought.
You fair, man.
I was talking about the Marines, of course, but yeah.
That thing is a little slow.
She's a little slow.
Wow.
Madakuni with cheese.
Oh, this Friday, after all.
Right.
Let's see how that pool is coming along.
And just a half hour, man, after the break, Chris, we don't have any breaks as you know,
spots today.
It's another one of those, uh, stiffy deals here.
Well, let's see.
Oh, this is the April Fool's log.
I forgot about that.
I'm so sorry.
I'll be back in Florida, wearing the world with you most love to live.
Las Vegas, 61.
I think you're for it.
New York, 41 Vancouver, 40, uh, Amsterdam, 35.
Rome is God.
Look what Rome's got.
Third, man.
Costa Rica, 25, Havana, 22.
Paris, 20, Los Angeles, 19, Toronto, 18, Tahoe, 8, Cologne, Germany, 10.
Everybody else in a single digit.
See, they confuse you.
Right.
They confuse the idea of going like for a weekend, four or five days, right?
It's an evident grade time.
We're living there and being there all the time.
What you want to be doing somewhere, you go to the nice place, you go to the hotel, you stay in the forest.
What would you do there?
All of a go to the hotel.
I forgot.
I forgot.
We forgot it.
South Florida.
See, the cheap of phase.
So think about it.
People come here on vacation and we're all dying to get out.
Yeah, that is something.
Of course, take a look at the kind of people who come here on vacation.
You want to sing to Neil Rogers.
Such as, let's go to the front.
Come on.
560, 60, 60, 23, and...
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
All the world loves a cloud.
So this April Fool's Day, this radio station is going to make a fool out of you.
That's right.
We're going to turn you into a laughing star.
Just be the dead color when you hear this star.
And we'll yank your pants down around your ankles.
Tie your hands behind your head.
Paint a slightly face on your butt cheeks and lock you out of your hat.
You'll be the center of attention in no time.
Remember, they're not laughing at you.
They're laughing with you.
With you and your butt cheeks.
Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of,
since they've already done quite a good job making fools of themselves every day on the air.
Employees who have a less wish to drop the fans in public are encouraged to do so after leaving the station.
Be an April Fool.
People are singing for your chance to win.
It's April Fool's Day, no fool.
Does anybody care about that silly ass crap anymore?
No.
Probably only the guy that called and said,
Candy Corner.
He thought it was very amusing.
In fact, you know something, a lot of these people think they're very amused.
Oh, yeah.
But what I was starting to say before, that was very important that came back to me during the break.
So I had a chance to unscramble my brains.
It was about the ratings and about sports and radio.
See, I know again, this comes as a phenomenal shock to some of the very narrow people in the EQM building.
What sports talk is like, it's narrow casting.
Very, very narrow.
The room's talking about, there's only a small slice of the audience out there,
even a male audience who only care about sports and sports and sports and ball games.
And this 15-year-old quarterback at Notre Dame, a high school who's going to be a Notre Dame University.
And this while, all this other crap.
Of course you realize you're wrong.
No, I'm not wrong.
And we realize that you're a bit nervous about anybody else in the world.
It's idiotic, it's insane.
And so the idea that these clowns, because they have a lot of money, keep coming along,
oh, let's have 15 sports stations on the earth in the market.
You know, it's just aesonine.
There's only a small slice of the pie of people interested in that.
And by the way, it's going to be just like, you know, it's just a matter of time,
whether it's six months or two years or six years.
And there won't be any more sports talk stations because it's a passing phase.
There will always be music stations, including some good ones, but not in this market.
But nevertheless, there will always be talk stations always.
But if you're going to talk about something that in the world, let's have a baseball card show.
What do you say?
All right.
Baseball cards, new mathematics, railroad casting.
Right.
A lot of people.
We're going to start out and I'm thinking about that woman of color, or husband wants to know what time
he had with the NFL draft.
That's what I'm thinking of, people like that.
See, I don't want people like that.
That's all I care about.
He's the stupidest NFL draft.
I have no life.
That's the epitome of it.
I mean, the farthest thing for my mind right now is football.
Even though my team is one of Super Bowl 3 the last four years, and I'm very proud of that.
It was very exciting, et cetera, and so on.
But I don't care right now.
I could care less.
In fact, even Josh Cortister is whipped up about baseball because that's his bread and butterman
and the season starts next week.
Am I right?
That's right. You are right.
There you go.
See, this is the time to be interesting.
And of course, now you've got NBA playoffs are coming very soon.
Right? Not that far away.
Right.
NHL playoffs.
I mean, final vote.
What is it?
Final vote.
The final vote.
College hoops.
There you go.
Nice car.
Golf.
tennis.
That's right.
They have a duty crap.
Man, badminton.
Oh, yeah.
Valley ball, scoupled board, my jaw internments.
All of these things for Christ's sake.
All of these things.
Celebrity deaths.
Oh, look at this.
They keep showing this video the purpose of right hand man there.
It's about an hour from now.
There will be a special mass.
Oh, a special mass.
Okay, all the getscues will be out there.
Oh, yeah, Vatican.
Woo!
You're ready to be a professional getscu.
And they got some real good souvenirs.
They'll sell you too, real cheap.
5.670560, boy 27 minutes.
The pressure is building so great, man.
You can like, ooh, in a second now.
WQAM, hello.
The other hand, Michael.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you know what's going on?
Yeah, I just said his right hand man.
How you doing, pal?
Good, good.
They left it on the yellow one, but it should have been there before.
It's all for their security.
Because they didn't find out about it before that, too.
Yeah, you're coming back.
What about that?
What?
Oh, don't even ask.
5.670560, £560, and a Verizon and Singular wireless line.
We've had two surprises this week.
Wednesday when we had all our celebrity colors from the past and present.
And today when it's just absolutely off the wall, they will be here every day.
They will be here every day.
You know, and of course, many people are very, very amusing.
Do they amuse you?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, yeah.
Especially the ones that say they want to live in Vegas.
You are, you people are so in La La Land, you're dreaming.
Because you had a good time there, it doesn't mean it's a place to live.
Okay, and how many of us could afford to live there?
And I make a few bucks, okay?
The idea of living in Vegas after six months, I'd be standing at the soup kitchen.
You have to be elunatic to say.
Of course, Bob Lincoln's out there, remember when he called there, but they very briefly?
Yes, I did.
In fact, maybe this is him on Line 9 right now.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, what happened to Josh's man, Paul?
WQAM, hello.
Somebody took it.
QAM, hello.
Not there.
Line one, boy is a bitch.
QAM, hello.
Neil, I have a big problem.
Yeah, it sounds like him.
Somebody QAM, hello.
I voted for Ron.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, a great American guy yesterday and they got overshadowed.
And who is that?
Frank Purdue.
Yeah, and now we had it on before, man.
We're way ahead of you.
Oh, sorry about that.
Okay, you chicken man.
See, isn't this amazing?
They give you a bag, they start to cast an overshow.
They feed you back your own material.
We don't miss much on New Show, Paul.
Especially when it comes to deaths.
That's our area of expertise now.
Come down in over here.
That's the new thing in the media now is celebrity deaths.
Even non-sollebrity deaths.
Whatever deaths we can whip up people into a frenzy.
Last night, every network man, hour after hour, talk about, that was these.
Uh-oh.
Talk about exploiting the dead.
I mean, it was one thing once she was alive, that was bad enough.
Just non-stop walled-of-all coverage of Terry Ender.
But last night, it was kind of like, well, we got to at least milk this, uh, whatever, you know, what we got left.
So here's all the faces again.
Here's the, uh, Michael's brother and here's her brother and here's, uh, the, the flaming priest and all of these, uh, the same ones over and over again.
You know, he couldn't get away from it.
I had to watch the races last night, racing network.
Just to get something on, that's gonna have to do with Terry Ender.
Shoo!
God, it was a ponderous.
I was supposed to six lengths.
126 and 4, 27 and 4, third quarter coming on for second is treasure chest.
There's a fourth race it would buy with the great Frank Saliv last night.
I'm from my racing, uh, of his unit, I was out there like Ian from all of it.
He's probably the only one.
How's it going Ian?
Let's see.
Oh, Lyle, very short facts to them, disappointed.
I can't because I'm scared and have been warned.
In fact, I've been told not to send any more facts to search or acknowledge that even like you show.
I was thinking of leaving this place anyway.
This is a rough business, Lyle.
PS syndication is a mob rule.
What is that?
I have no idea.
Trying to be cute, I guess, there.
I'm thinking of leaving this place anyway.
This must be a mob.
Could be.
It could be anybody inside the building if they could get in trouble.
I like it the show.
I've been warned not to send any more facts to recognize that even like your show.
That's small.
Sean, chronic Sean says, I like to give you a go.
Oh, this is bad news for you, Ojai.
Uh-oh.
I better blow my nose here.
Oh, God.
Oh.
Anyway, Sean says, I like to give you a chance.
But Roxy Bernstein sounds like Yeldie trying to impersonate Dave Halberstam.
He sounds like he's calling the game while holding his nose and trust me, the listing audience.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And trust me, the listing audience is doing the same.
Can't they get someone more animated and exciting like Terry Shival?
Yeah, Terry and Dave Halberstam, that'd be a good pull one day.
I mean, and Dave of Van Boren, sorry, Dave Halby.
Dave Van Boren and Terry Shival and the probe.
Which one is the most animated?
Even now, I think Terry's got Van Boren being.
He is awful.
Oh, there you go, picking on somebody again.
He just can't stop.
No, I just said it the way it is.
Okay, some of you are emotional cripples and you think we ought to make nice.
Okay, everybody, we got to make nice and cover up for people around.
Come on, Boren.
Yeah, that's boring.
That's right.
Making nice is boring.
Listen to the baseball games if you want to hear boring.
5'6 7'0 5'60, pound 5'60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Other than Florida, where in the world would you most want to live?
We're counting down to 11'30, 22 minutes in counting.
And when's that NFL draft?
Vegas 65 crazy people.
Oh, we're going to have a great time there.
For about three days, they were broke.
New York 50, Vancouver 46, Amastida, 40, Costa Rica 34, Rome 32,
Havana 23, Havana 23.
Oh, great, but Paris 21.
Oh, I guess what was on last night?
The Lucky Luciano store on biography.
Okay.
It was outstanding, excellent.
And it, you know, reinforced again, in fact, that it were given like huge bags of money to Vittisti.
You know, Frank Costello and Luciano and Meyer Lanske.
And, you know, they loved them.
Sure.
Because they were all we wanted.
He was even more crooked than they were.
So it's interesting, all your Batista lovers, they're all you old green tooth proud.
And you know, you never made a crooked and like.
Camelista, Camelista, but fascist.
And maybe we love that.
That's why you like to brush clans so much.
And I, that's clan with a capital K, as Randall Terry would say.
Costa Rica 34, Rome 32, Havana 23, Paris 21, L.A. 20, Toronto 20.
San Francisco 14 late.
Taro's got 14 drives.
You're going to have a lot of neighbors.
Colon, Germany 11.
Chicago or is that Chicago?
Is some people say Chicago 7?
It be the 6th, San Diego 5.
Israel 5.
Prague 4.
Berlin 3.
Sacramento 1.
And none yet for Copenhagen or Budapest that have 121 votes.
None for Budapest.
I wonder what that is.
Other than if our audience ever been there or heard about it or anything like that.
Because everybody raves about Budapest.
And if we look at our audience is very hungry.
We found that out last week with those food shows.
God almighty.
Man, you talk about a response.
That was something.
Am I right, Josh?
Yeah, that's what it takes.
Fulming at them out there.
They like food.
They want to talk about it.
They want to eat it.
They want it for free.
Especially for free.
They like it a lot.
You know what I mean?
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a poll.
I got a question for you.
I asked for your poll.
Try to get into Bego.
Preferably to Bego.
Okay.
I'll see you there, baby.
Thank you.
Say to Bego.
Why say to Bego?
No, I say, Bego.
Never let it be go away without going to turn to that.
They go here.
They go there.
Turn that into Bego.
Put them both under together.
It's like two little islands about the size of your fist.
WQA.M. Hello.
I'm Brande.
Yeah, we know that.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hi.
Q.A.M.
Hi, my dog one.
Okay.
Probably be better conversation than yours.
WQA.M. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Andy A.
Already on there, pal.
Get with it.
I just got through reading the list, schmuck.
It's already on there.
I got an idea.
How about Vegas?
That sounds good.
Let's get that on there.
By the way, Frank Purdue died, you know that?
WQA.M. Hello.
If the Pope dies.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hi.
I wanted to tell you why you had no voice for Budapest.
It sucks.
Does it really?
And the food is terrible.
And the people are the rudest in the world.
Really?
Yes, absolutely.
And I wanted to tell you a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
It's a tear.
I think that's a better subject to talk about.
It's a lot more fun.
I'll say that.
Have a great case.
We are in.
Have a wonderful April.
It's 12 minutes after 11 at 5.
If you don't be a fool by the way,
don't buy a mattress and a bedding showroom or department store
because it's rip off city.
A lot of the merchandise they have.
They're even your dog wouldn't sleep on.
And number two, you waste a lot of time, a lot of gas,
and certainly a lot of cash.
If you want the best deal all the way around,
do what I've been doing for years, call dial a mattress.
That's right.
1-800 mattress.
One easy phone call is all you have to do.
And because they've got the most liberal or strange policy,
there's no wristband over the phone.
Do you know that 1-800 mattresses have got more repeat customers
than anybody else in industry?
So you'll never go back to a showroom again.
I'll bet you the water Nazis life on it.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-arounds, no showrooms,
shenanigans, just factory direct prices
and the best brands you know trust and love.
When you call 1-800 mattresses,
you'll be calling the company ranked number one
in customer satisfaction, and they carry the top goods.
They got the best names that you know and love like Cele.
Surta Simmons, King Quayle, temperpating even stirrings
and foster huid.
And now the Alabama actress offers no payments or interest
till 2006, so it's an unbeatable deal all the way around.
Call them today for all the details, 1-800 mattress,
and no forget that two-hour delivery window
that you pick when it's convenient for you
and they actually show up.
Yours truly and George and Moan McGell and Fatboy
all satisfied customers.
So call them right now, 1-800 mattress.
Or log on to their website,
mattress.com for a stupidest night sleep for years to come.
1-800-MATTRES, do it.
Your looks need to be a Roger.
Rest for $1,60.
U-A-M.
Steads.
Oh, I don't know what it is about now.
Why little voices or their big noses?
Goofy hats, tiny little meckles,
I don't know, they just rubbed me the wrong way.
And I shall attend the lips and every speech
and love regains its inner nose.
Hillary hates you.
Stealing hatred through the whole custom
people's monks of all sits in the news.
Hillary hates you.
You will catch her like a manora.
God, you must have a wonderful aura.
Boy, when she speaks I wanna cry,
she could use a good rap line,
it's in the news.
You fairy.
Hillary hates you.
11-16 at 5-60 W-Q-I-M.
This first law spill is just depressing
but exactly what you'd expect.
I'm not gonna have to say about it because there's nothing I can do.
I already did my part, I got somebody to go out and vote
and good luck to you, it's all I can tell you.
So everything else in Florida, they just can't get it right.
Broward County voters last month approved slot machines
to their local parametrials venues,
but the first law spill to their committee
in the state legislature would allow only electronic bingo.
Oh my God.
And instead of using the taxes on,
oh look at this, they got a picture,
this is in the Sunsendle,
they have a picture of a carousel
of slot machines, guess what the game it is?
Wheel of fortune.
Good guess. Look at that.
Boy, if I can blow this up a little bit,
I can see how much they're paying on the wheel there.
Anyway.
And instead of using the taxes on gambling profits
for students around the state,
the Republican-led committee said the money must instead go
to a lottery fund to pay off school construction debts.
You ready for that?
Talk about the old bait and swish.
You know, something that there ought to be impeachment proceedings
going on right now.
Right. Right there.
Prompting frustration and disbelief by gambling proponents,
the measure adopted by the House Business Regulation Committee last night,
limits Broward's four paramutrials to installing machines
that are akin to video lottery terminals,
already in play at Indian casinos in the state
and provide far less profit.
The deciding vote was cast by an Army representative
right-wing Marco Rubio,
and outspoken opponent of slot machines.
No question the voters in Broward knew what they were voting for.
Any eight-year-old on the street knows what a slot machine is
said then, Atkins, vice president of Hollywood Greyhound
and leader of the slots referendum push.
But the fact of the matter is,
this is the first stop on the road,
and there's a long way to go.
The better hope so, Danny Boy.
The constitutional amendment approved by state voters
last fall requires all the tax money raised from slot machines
to go to education.
The House Bill gives Broward schools a $4.5 million bonus
but prompts the rest of the tax money into a state lottery fund
to pay down the debt on a 1997 $2.7 billion
school construction program.
Absolutely not what we voted on.
Slots backers including Broward lawmakers are hoping for major changes
before the bill hits the House floor,
and are betting on support from state senators
who appear ready to define slots as class III vaguestel gaming
and want to put the money into educational enhancement programs.
The Senate is expected to take up its own bill next Tuesday.
Right now it looks like Broward versus the states
that representative Ron Greenstein never had a coconut creek.
This bill is so screwed up,
we're losing sight of why this constitutional memo was passed
in the first place,
it was all about education,
but when it gets to the floor it will be totally different.
We can only hope so, Ronnie Boy.
And by the way, happy paysock.
Tuesday marked the legislature's first stab at applying
to tax and regulate the voter approved expansion
of gaming at Gelsbim Park Hollywood dog track,
Daniel Highlight and Pompano Harnas track.
Both the House and Senate plans must work their way through committee
and then get approval from the full House and Senate
with 80 differences worked out before the legislature's schedule
adjourned on May number six.
Broward voters will be disappointed
but they should hold their powder
until the final product is done,
since Jim Horn, former state education committee
has been leading spokesman for the slots campaign.
This is what they call making sausage up here,
it's not always pretty.
You know what they mean by making sausage?
No, I don't.
Well, you want to know.
It's too close to lunchtime.
Although the bill passed unanimously out of House Committee,
the decision to describe slot machines as class two
or electronic bingo was done by an amendment
approved in a 10-9 vote when Rubio,
the House procedure in politics is German,
broke the tie.
The slots campaign was run under the assumption
that they would give competition to the Indian consumers
and said, Rubio, Republican and Miami,
this will provide the competition.
That didn't have anything to do with it,
and you know it, you idiot.
Put him back on his inner chees.
The Senate's recovery came from.
Rubio aggressively campaigned against,
against the slots alongside Governor Bush in Dave County,
your fan-ass governor.
Voicing concerns that allowing vaguer-style slots
in Broward would enable Indians to follow suit
and casinos across the state.
The amendment to limit what kind of gaming in Broward
and the Indians can have was sponsored by Representative Wanzapatha,
a Miami Republican who's had a longstanding feud
with the Mikkasuke's,
the tribe angered several of the AIDS Hispanic lawmakers,
including Rubio,
but to put up a candidate to challenge the pot
at last fall's election.
Man, I'm telling you, those Indians really got their,
their things on street.
What do they call that, headrests?
What do they call that?
Headrests?
Headrests.
They got their dress on straight, not just like those ads they ran,
kind of like shooting themselves in their own feet.
You know, God, somebody needs to sit down and smoke the peace pipe
or the peace tube with those people.
I've all heard their ass out.
Huh?
I've all heard their ass out.
While the House bill proposes a tax rate that ranges from 30%
to 30% of the facilities that have a thousand or fewer machines
to 45% for those that have between two and three thousand machines,
the Senate suspected a call for a tax rate of about 35%.
Even though it costs for class two machines,
which are not as profitable as Vegas,
they all slots the House bill and cost for Barred's premier
shows to any of almost double what they expected and taxes.
The whole thing is just all screwed up.
It's unbelievable.
Then, on top of that,
let's see, is it in this story,
and now it was in the Herald story,
about the big countertoms between the horse, people,
and the pylian, the adult people.
They're all like at each other's tropes.
Like I said, good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Every time I think they were in, they pull us back out.
Just the other way around from the Godfather, you know?
Every time I think we finally got a leg up,
terms of confidence, but in terms of countries,
Poland nine times, the...
Pope and Grave condition.
He's really ill and real bad.
And so is what's his name, Prince Renier,
and Jerry Fall will be able to find any more information about,
which may be a good thing,
that may be, that may be means he's like right on the edge.
You know?
That's great.
I hate something.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We got 11 22 only, eight minutes in counting.
Get that ticker going now.
There you go.
Eight minutes in counting until those numbers start coming in.
From the February trend, December, January and February.
December was...
Okay, not great.
Okay.
Week.
January was disaster.
The master of disaster, driven by Buddy Gilmore at Burzadal Raceway.
Master of disaster.
You know, I'm going to say it again.
Mohawar David and Jackie Lee, same person.
Ever seen together?
No.
Same person.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
I need a job.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
We have a comment about going certain places to live.
Yes, ma'am.
And also something about Terry Chyvo.
About who?
About Terry Chyvo.
Oh, God.
Okay.
Let's just start with the city.
First, it might be more pleasant.
Okay.
Two cities, actually.
One is mentioned, which is Budapest.
My father is directly from there.
And it's a beautiful country.
And I'd love to visit in the seventh of the time.
You know, that's my family there.
And I leave you the call before I said it was from Hungary.
Yeah.
How they got putting food there, not the best, but they got good food.
And also, nobody's mentioned the medical republic.
Hey, I like the medical republic.
I've been there a ton of times.
I love it.
Love it.
Publicly to Dominic Khan?
Yeah.
Okay, let's get that on there right away.
I like that a lot.
And the only other thing about Terry Chyvo is people.
Oh, you too.
A lot of people thought she was suffering.
You too, you too.
Go ahead.
A lot of people thought she was suffering.
And, you know, of course I wasn't in her shoes,
but I'm probably the closest person that was in her shoes.
I ended up with a potassium imbalance and ended up in the hospital for four months.
I was on complete life support, ventilator, feeding tube, and dialysis.
Cheers.
And I came out of it.
Wow.
And I'm just probably right now for the four months that I didn't eat.
I didn't have any any need for thirst.
I didn't have any hunger feelings.
Yeah.
And I don't think I'd have brain damage.
And she and so because she didn't have brain damage, it just goes to show you.
She really didn't know what was going on.
And really didn't crave any food.
Now she was kind of like her management.
He actually had no feeling at all.
Yeah.
It's just, you know, I mean people are like, I was at the gym the other night.
They're like, oh, they're starving.
They just sit at it.
And I want to turn to them and say, you know, I was on a feeding tube.
I kind of can relate.
You know?
Tube.
And they just people are just like, I mean, everybody they see that television for 100 hours
and right away they're an expert, you know?
Yeah.
You know, I'm the expert.
All right.
Anybody's been through stuff.
I'm waiting on the kidney transplant right now.
So, I know I'm 30.
So I think I kind of, I can relate, you know?
Well, good luck this week, Art.
I'll tell you, everything's going to be fine.
But those two places, but definitely check them out.
Okay, thanks.
All right, bye.
Good luck.
Wow.
The medical republic, wow, that's one place I certainly do not want to go.
5670560.
I'm going to check out Budapest and Prague.
I don't care what anybody said like that woman called before.
Mm-hmm.
That's like this one, but the earlier one.
What?
Maybe they have what, uh, I don't know.
I'm telling you right now it's supposed to be really a wild and crazy place.
And unlike what that other woman said, I mean, who don't like Hungarian Goulash?
In fact, are we getting some of that from Fritz and Franz?
We have yet to confirm it, but probably yes.
Now, what do you mean we have yet to confirm it?
Well, what is it going to come in here this morning, but he's running around.
Billy Vanson?
Yeah, Billy the kid.
Yeah.
It'll get done.
We'll get some to lunch.
I'll be there.
I want mostly bratwurst, though, as my most important thing, bratwurst.
As opposed to those fat-filled sandwiches, you know, well, conveniently they have, uh, that you can order bratwurst as a meal or as a side.
So we'll get a couple of sides.
Well, you put them on your sides.
That's right.
That's what I love handles.
You just go on any side, huh?
Hey, speaking of that, I might as well do this spot now.
Would be a good idea, wouldn't it?
For Fritz and Franz, since it's going in for next week.
Fritz and Franz, beer house and cruel gables is bringing them a very in-style fun back to South Florida.
Why not come by and say, good and tag, and they'll look at you like what the hell are you talking about?
And sample some of the most delicious German, but very in cuisine anywhere outside of Northeastern Europe.
They got it all.
They got snitzel and bratwurst, salads and strutal, all in that atmosphere that would make the Von Trapp family proud.
And don't forget the worst-tiner leader boots.
It's enough beer to get your leader hoesened and a nod.
Fritz and Franz isn't only making the hills come alive with the sound of music.
It's turning the gables into a veritable little Frankfurt because at Fritz and Franz, it's like October Fest every single day of your life.
Located at 60 Merrick Way of Black West Immersible Mile, it's the ideal meeting place for those of you who like to march to the V2V, different tuba, tuba.
CUBE!
So call this number for directions 305-774-1883 and for monthly worst-tiner beer festival, information too.
And be sure and tell that old Choi Manille since you buy.
305-774-1883 for Fritz and Franz Beerhouse, not just your ordinary Oomphop places, our close personal friend, as your close friend Rick Riley might say.
You will listen to me, my people, Neil Rogers, exclusively on 516-18.
That's the movie.
You're fair.
Goodbye, Shabo.
Westland in Hylia.
Anyway, speaking of Terry, like I started to say, living will software sales surge.
I think I'm going to get me one living will.
I've got a will, but not a living will.
Sales of computer software in a creative living wills are surging along the high profile debate over Terry.
We've never seen sales like this at Clark Millis, folks, and for Nolo.com Inc. creator of the Quick and Will Maker Plus 2005.
The living will has simply become part of American consciousness in a way it had not been before.
Will Maker Plus sales rose 63% in the five days after March 18, when her feeding tube was removed compared to the prior five days.
At Kansas City-based Achenar Block Inc., a spokesman Tom Lutafeld said sales of the company's will power program jumped 95% last week.
Other software makers include Carson, California-based Cosme Corp that's COSMI and Socrates Media LLC also reported spikes in sales.
What happens in a case like this is it becomes a bell weather for folks to become aware about an issue that they normally wouldn't, said Michael Conn, spoken from for the Chicago-based Socrates.
Software industry analyst Chris Wentz and a research firm NDP Group said will writing software of the legal programs have seen a 63% increase in sales over the past quarter compared with the previous three months.
He said he doesn't believe this bike was a result of the shybo case, but rather the release cycle of titles in the legal software category.
Oh yeah, right.
Yeah, she didn't do it. For final, she's dead already. Still doesn't want to give her any credit.
Let's see, who's this spire guy? What's this guy? I filled it off the attorney who does the state planning.
Deborah Spire said software is okay, but she's we see we're getting nearly 10 times as many calls from people who feel they need an advisor to more fully explain the document.
Oh, come on. Are people really that stupid?
My telephone's been ringing off the hook spire, said it's now in the news. A lot of people don't want it to happen to them.
I wonder if the Pope's got a living will think. Oh yeah, the church gets everything.
Let's see, I think I put this on a website. Didn't I send this to you? I'm sure you did.
I think I sent it this morning, so it'll probably be on there tomorrow.
Right.
HRblock.com, NOLO.com, NOLO.cosme.com, CUSMI and Socrates.com.
Now, what was the one for or just go to quick and right, right?
Quick and will make her plus 2005. Although if you go to NOLO.com, I think check that one out.
It's a, that's what quick and uses there. So whatever.
There you go. Get you a living room. You won't have to mind up like what's your name with that?
Chewb.
And her a perfect Pope by the way, he's got two of them. He's got a feeding cube and a breathing cube.
I like that. And also from that thing we played at the beginning, he's smoking.
Chewb. So maybe he's got three. Vegas is still winning. Head in New York.
Well, look at that. 59 from New York. Now, why do people want to live in New York?
I guess it's people.
Oh, yeah.
Once lived there and probably got tossed out, right?
I haven't been in New York in so many years. I just, I can't even begin to imagine.
In fact, both of you have been there since I've been there. How about that?
Yeah. You like New York? I like the time. I like it. I wouldn't want to live there, but it's good.
Yeah, no, I don't want to live there.
I love it. They're a little bit too hectic, you know?
A little bit too pushy, a little bit too frantic, a little bit too over the top, a little bit too, a little bit too...
All the great food, man, you want to blow up to like 600 pounds, that's a place to do it.
What city like that wouldn't have great food, you know?
Detroit.
No, actually once upon a time Detroit had great food. Toronto. Toronto is not like New York, is it?
Well, no, but we got, it's the biggest city in Canada. We got five million people here, A.
And the food here is marginal at best. There's a few good restaurants.
I mean, Ruth Chris is great, but you can go to Ruth Chris anywhere. You don't need to come to Toronto to go to Ruth Chris, right?
Right.
The food, all of the crap is great. The candy, the ice cream stuff like that is unbeatable anywhere, but that's the problem.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, it's the one time listener to the new Roger show I'd like to do a cubic service.
Yes?
Instead of buying all that software, if you do a search, I think it could call five wishes.
You can get the living will, you can get something called, I think, a some kind of prime directive where you can designate who your healthcare service is.
Right.
And it's free, so I'm not sure why anybody would want to know I should be pay for waiting for free and living will too.
Exactly.
And don't worry, everything will be fine.
The Humphirls is good, Dylan. Who are hailed good? And the mad dog will do good.
So I am for didn't you leave somebody out?
Don't listen to the show.
I didn't leave anybody out.
The less said the better.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
Yeah, fine.
Okay, there you go. See you can get it for free. Why should you pay for when you get for free?
Like that salad dressing that cracked free?
Right. So, you want the plus numbers?
Well, you got them. Now, are they spying or frowning?
They're smiling. I think the station was flat and the station was flat.
The theory is that...
I can tell you, you know any theories. I've already got it scrappulated.
Okay. Here's the number you need to keep in mind. Have you got men?
No.
Oh, I don't know about that other stuff.
Keep this in mind. Many 18 plus 36 for the station.
That's the average of... No, not for us. For us the number to keep in mind is 4-3.
So, in other words, if these numbers go up from those numbers, that means we had a decent February.
At least better than Duff said it looked like we had a good month.
Oh, but...
Thank the Lord. Thank...
He is, okay.
And you are in ear witness. And he says to me, you know it's always on my faddle of craggy back, you know?
Well, at all in that day.
18 years old. It's always...
Well, you know maybe you can pull us out with a big good month meal.
Yeah, how many times have I done that?
30,000 I've done that.
Always kneels. Always kneel.
You know the one non-sports you're under station.
Maybe there's a message...
What? What? Coincidence?
No, it is not a coincidence.
I mean, it's not a shot at our show, but the fact of the matter is, you know, look at Stern.
Look how well he was doing.
Even if Stern wouldn't have...
If they would have put him on an expirgator, which I realized they couldn't have done, he didn't belong under in the first place because of that.
But if they could have done that, he'd have had much, much higher numbers than he had.
And look how great we did when he was on there, okay?
Sports is narrow casting.
I don't care. What Ray Perry says or any other nimble might...
Oh, it's big in a Ray Perry.
Here's the most important thing.
Forget it.
Send me the numbers, but here's the most important thing.
Baseball season starts next week.
Okay, I'm going to nip this in the bud.
Okay, bud?
That's pregnant reeval would say I'm guiding light.
Okay, bud.
Oh, and there's those tickets.
The season tickets, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Now, who's got those?
Mm-hmm.
If you tell me that Miguel has got those again, I'm going to start spitting blood right here.
You're going to be hearing them all over the place.
I don't know if he was...
Because what he did last year was absolutely unacceptable.
You know, he just poured through it.
And again, that anybody might want to go to.
And I have friends who enjoy going to a game occasionally.
And like to honest, for the moment, be able to like, you know, just go out there before they move to a...
That new stadium, if they ever build it down to everybody, orange ball, and he can have mall.
Because nobody wants to go there.
Can you see what I'm saying?
What he said?
So I'm thinking a smart thing to do for Ray Perry, whoever's got their hands on those tickets
is to wait until I get my ass in that seat and just hand them to me directly as opposed to having an intermediary this time.
And if Miguel would like some tickets occasionally, we'd be more than glad to supply them.
And he can either go up and pick them up or get them in the mail or whatever he wants.
You know, as opposed to going through there and just like it's an entitlement thing, you know?
I just love the way people grab all of my goods and just like, oh, well, yeah, we want it.
We want it. Well, good. Want it a lot. I'll tell you like the 100 goods grab there.
No, not by those people.
Great. Nobody in that building, I want my goods grab by. Trust me.
Including Miguel.
5, 6, 7, so how are we doing?
I don't have anything yet. Are you sending something or something?
No, I don't. You didn't want 12 plus. I'm waiting for the money.
You know, I want whatever you got, though.
Jeez. Didn't I just say Josh starts sending that stuff now before I went into my little tie right there about my freaking free tickets?
Did I say that? Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, I guess I did.
Again, you're just playing hard to get. I want to take a look. I want to take a little pink just to get an indicator.
Just a little something, something.
Otherwise, like an adjacency Jackson, but I'm going to play that nice something something.
Somebody give me something at Reverend Monk.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
You're holding something.
Not a big part of Kетtinge's Key and I.
But yeah.
Giving in on some...
ーー
ーー
Guoע
What was I saying when I went ahead with sports talk on Margitowl,
this week, in a wyxy manner whatiby or nothing?
Or what, nothing.
This week, we'll see at what part of the pitch
these men, men numbers are going to be right now.
They're on, I got the first page right now.
Many 18 plus Monday through Sunday, 6th and the mid-night in the December
January of February trend and the year later is Radio Monde,
Radio Monde, 5.7.
That's up from number four to numeral uno, which means no
spigot English, a bunch of old green tooth people got these diaries.
Not good for us.
CMQFM, look at that, no spigot English, 5.4 up to a 5.3, the number
two is staying flat.
Hot, 5.5 down to a 5.2, but from number one drop into number three.
Hot, not so hot.
All ethnic, WIID, a precipitous drop in us, which means finally,
they finally got a trend without all in wire diaries living in.
Who the hell are they kidding?
5.3 down to a 4.6 in men.
That's overall.
Big 3.6 up to a 4.6, that's because we keep promoting a Paul
in the old Ron, isn't it?
Right.
Are they on big?
Is that what they're on?
Yeah, that's right.
WSDJ, I don't know why they do what it is.
4.4, WQYM, 4.0 to a 4.1.
We went up a 10, but you know something, see that's, remember what the number was?
I told you, 3.6.
Right.
That's the overall number in men.
I said, if we went from a 3.6 up and we went to a 4.1, so we had a good
February, it looks like it would appear to probably be
extrapolating right now, when you think?
I'm sure.
OK, now we'll get to big parts.
We'll see how the hump are did.
And now what about Waxi and men?
Waxi, 1.3 in the last trend, a 1.4 in this trend.
And not, huh?
This is human to the top.
Yeah, they got the same numbers as we got, just the other way around.
We got a 4.1, they got a 1.4.
Yeah, they got the decimal in the wrong place.
Like I said, they got Joe Rose and nothing, nobody else.
And you want to be a 4.4 by the way before it does.
I want whatever you got.
I want to know.
I got to stack a paper here all the way to the ceiling.
They had to chop down 400 oak trees to build this crap, to make all this paper.
How do you like that?
I got paparice, I got papyra, I got papaya.
Thank you.
Whatever you want, I got it.
Well, we're going to have that thing.
Page is pouring in back here, man.
I got like a regular machine going.
I got my own machine.
I'm about, that's any extrapolations that we speak.
Or it's a Jamaican woman saying, would buy.
That's a good machine, man.
I'm good machine, man.
Oh, geez.
What am I going to do about that situation?
Okay, let's see, six, depending on many team plus mornings.
Do the audience care about this?
Oh, we do, though.
This is our bread and butter.
This is our meat and potatoes.
This is our halivai and horse radish.
Don't be put no horse radish on your halivai.
That's a disgusting thought.
It is.
Horse radish goes on your filter fish.
You like your filter fish?
I can't see that I've had it.
You've never had your filter fish?
I'm going to be sure to wash off that jelly in the jar first, because it had a white fish.
It's similar.
Same thing.
Okay.
Yeah, like it.
Why about the split?
It's all right.
So you only kind of fish on either side tuna fish, because it does not have a fish.
It tastes so pretty good.
Yeah, you know, it is.
Is it smoke?
I'm like, as you know, it's smoke.
It's all you know, it's smoke and it's smoke and it's smoke.
It's just sticking in your skin.
It's smoke.
That's all you know, man.
You can't white fish up out of the smoke.
God.
You want a guy I know that smokes his leg.
Anyway, WXD day.
What is that?
Is that esponial again?
I'm sure of us.
Because it's number one in the morning.
WQT.
Oh, isn't that the one in the morning with the guy that's of whatever his name is?
What's his name?
Old, uh, uh, Rojillo Gonzalez.
I don't know.
That is name.
Jose Jimenez.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
You remember somebody calling in.
There's one of your people in Telmas.
Oh, yeah.
He's very popular and he does a very funny show.
I'm about, yeah, somebody like that.
Rojillo Gonzalez, a shorts, whatever.
Anyway, hot is number two.
That's the hardest working guy.
Is he still on there?
The fly jaw?
Don't know.
Not the rejoiner.
Wacky at Radio Mom B.
You see, there's nobody speaks English right there in the top three, including the number two on how one of five they don't speak.
A big look at Ron and Paul, man.
Nice going boys.
Oh.
With our material, they're smoking towards the top.
No wonder they're stealing all of our stuff.
From a three eight up to a five to they had a gigantic February.
Those boys.
Now we tell you I like them.
Nope.
QAM, four three up to a four to now.
Let me tell you what the key number in the morning was.
Okay.
Now see the audience is saying, well, what does that mean?
That you just mind your own business.
The number was a three nine.
That meant if we're going to stay the same where we were before, it was a three nine.
What did we get?
We got a four to.
So that means we had a decent February, not spectacular gigantic, but decent.
And I would need dropping from a four five to a four point.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
Good to see them drop.
Now what about in the morning?
What about your rose and all those goy and over there?
I'll ask you which they're a part of that whole thing.
What time is he on seven to ten?
Yes.
Okay.
Let's see.
I'm looking on the second page.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I don't see them.
Power 96.
Well, that's not third demo.
By the way, I'll be stoked that five day of power 96.
We don't know why.
Do we know why yet?
No.
Radio Suave.
Radio EDR.
What?
Where is it?
Here it is from a two one to a two.
Oh.
Drop the tent of a point.
Yeah.
From number 20, number 20.
At least they're consistent.
You guys are going nowhere is baby.
No where is.
Because you're narrow casting.
And because we got the Humper and we got the Mad Dog and you got Joe and that's it.
You got a little dog.
We got big dog.
You got little dog.
So there you go.
Now, let's take our lives in our hands.
What?
There's four thousand pages coming here.
Right.
Oh, look at that.
They dropped a full point there.
Let's see.
Our magic number was a three nine.
No, it was a four three.
Right.
We got that beat.
Oh, yeah.
So we beat it bad.
We got five six to a five six.
But then again, it includes a drop it off a huge month.
So we beat that four three by a long shot.
And we're number four.
I'm already looking at the extrapolations here.
Okay.
Well, don't tell me yet.
Okay.
I can tell you what it is.
Do you want me to tell you?
Yeah.
Let me just for fun.
Take a look.
And see if my math is as good as you're a boyfriend there.
Take a shot.
Yeah.
Oh, see.
Five six.
What do we got?
Five six.
Times three is 16.8.
Got it.
Okay.
Okay.
So that means in, um, in we had an eight to eight point to very nice.
That's a nice number.
Yeah.
I mean, 18 plus.
That's one of our big numbers going back away.
It's two of us like right back in November again, where we were.
We had an eight.
Oh, so there you go.
We had a big February boys and girls.
Thank God.
Now we can just get a decent March.
We can pull out a good book to make some bonus money.
Once again, once again, save bread.
Read from himself.
Hit himself itself.
How do we do it?
How do we do it?
Now, let's see what Waxie did there in a midday because that's juice and toast.
And, uh, and booster and omelet and scrambled eggs and Mark Eisenberg.
Where you think, you know, I realized we changed every five minutes,
but they only been on ear a few months to make you change and know those people around
like they got a revolving door in there.
Right.
They said that was, you know, then we will fear the.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, right.
I and see radio America.
They were flat.
They went nowhere.
They had like a marginal at best.
Two, two, two, three.
They're doing nothing.
Waxie.
Here you go.
All mid days, 1.0 all the way up to a 1.2.
Oh my gosh.
We're starting to make a little bit of a move over there from number 25 to number 25.
They're making a real serious move, at least in the midday.
Not godly suck.
Now, let's take a look at the afternoon.
And again, it goes back to what I'm telling you.
There's no room for two sports stations in this.
There's not room for one sports station in this market.
Okay.
We're just taking our way through.
In case you hadn't noticed.
We're just taking our way through because we got some big, big fat names.
We got one big fat guy and big fat names like Mad Dog.
And of course, maybe he was responsible for that nice jump up we had in midday.
So he's part of that 10 to 3.
Keep that in mind.
That's right.
Maybe he ought to be a little more friendly to us because we can all like get long here.
And if he wants to go someplace else, that's up to him.
We pack him a sandwich, wish him luck, put him on a bus.
Who cares?
But in the meantime, stop with these phony temper tantrums based on some stupid ass pull.
Okay.
We've been had a big, big all the way around.
So it's not Ron and Paul.
It's just that he got a bunch of wire diaries over there.
Clear channel.
Hot is number two in the afternoon.
Men.
IOD from a 6.4 down to a 5.8.
Oh boy.
Drop in dramatically as they should.
Followed by love.
Wacky.
Radio mom B.
Boy, a lot of them are no speaking English people in this diary in this month.
QAM 3.8 to a 4.4.
A nice jump up there.
Nice long Mad Dog.
That's 3 to 7.
Mad Dog in the course.
The moment is part of that too.
That's right.
I'll see you the afternoon magic number was 3.7.
What is it?
3.7 and they did a 4.4.
Followed?
So they beat their gold by, I'm telling you just in the state of in category with the previous trend.
Are you following this?
Do you realize running my math thing I'm doing here?
Yeah, I realize it.
Okay.
Well, you're going to extrapolate that 4.4.
You want me to do it for you and you probably already got it.
Yeah.
But let's just see if it matches.
Okay.
Just for fun.
What?
That's nothing ever stays in here long.
13.2.
7.4 from a 13.2 is 8 is 5.8.
We had an 8.6.
They had a 5.8.
Now did we do a Hank thing in the morning?
Did we extrapolate him?
We ought to.
Well, we ought to.
I'm sure he's out there listening right now.
Probably on his way to, by the way, you got the 18 to 34 combination at the end of that waxing extrapolation for what it's worth.
Okay.
Just just come down a little bit.
Okay.
Move, man.
I just can't handle all the high pressure and tension here.
A little bit too much tension.
Maybe I didn't get the morning.
Did you send him morning, man?
Yes.
Everything.
Did I misplace it?
Did I miss it?
Oh, here it is.
One moment, please.
Now, let's see how the Humper did here.
What did the Humper's number of 4?
Very well.
Okay.
Well, thank God for the Humper.
I'm telling you.
4.2 times 3 is 12.6.
Got it.
Got it.
Less 7.8 is 8 is 4.8.
Right.
That's what it was.
That was you got?
That's what it was.
Oh, I'm telling you that's what it was.
Okay.
You can take dust, man.
Then you can wipe your...
Correct.
How do you like that?
You're fairy.
4.8.
4.8.
And that's really great.
That's 3 to 7.
So I think we got like a comeback on our rise.
Then a month from now, when a whole book comes out, maybe and maybe not.
But at least this was a little bit of a reprieve.
It's like being led out of the gas chamber.
Like being led off the death row.
Opening up that prison door.
Let me smell the sunshine in the flowers.
By the way, speaking of that, it's pretty damn nice here.
It's a sunny, shining, beautiful man.
What fell in my coming ear for?
It's 10 to 50.
Our rate's going to be 52 today.
That good?
That's right.
And I'm out of paper and that thing.
So during the break, I'll take a puke at it.
11.56 at 5.60 WQAM.
We're back in the hunt again.
We're in a hunt.
And why are you guys are going nowhere?
No place.
Same with that other one.
The Skier America.
Going nowhere.
Where?
Yeah.
Another example.
Narrow casting.
One topic radio station.
Right.
Yeah, but then Al Franken.
One, one, one, one, one, one.
The Catherine Lamper catches on.
You're going to see they're going to kick some serious asses each other's, each others.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home, you ought to do something smart.
Call riddit.
That's our IDIT.
Two words.
Riddit pest control today for a free termite inspection.
Riddit pest control uses an amazing orange rooge treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
I mean, they are gone immediately if not sooner.
So if you have termites, here's the best possible way for you to get rid of forever.
You don't have to tense your home either.
No worry about poison as gas.
No moveouts, no stays in hotels.
No worry about food or pets in your health.
They'll treat your home with this amazing orange rooge and you don't even have to leave.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for a few days.
It's true if you have a termite problem instead of tending your house and making it into a circus looking place and having the whole neighborhood pointing their finger at you and saying, oh my god, look at that.
Call riddit pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange rooge treatment that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
No tending, no kidding.
Call right now for the inspection of obligation called toll free 1-800-447-4348 and say goodbye to those termites forever.
1-800-447-4348-4 riddit, RID-IT pest control.
1-800-447-4348.
And look at that. That ain't too great.
No, I don't think so.
But it always looks better the second time.
Special masses are being planned.
What is that?
Wrong?
Oh, I knocked that thing down again.
I got some of the state of it.
We're still alive.
We're alive.
We're alive.
We're alive.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
This body here.
That one should go next to the body with a surfboard.
Sure do have a lot of barbie's mouth.
You ain't seen nothing yet, Gryp.
You see that one over there?
That's Bobby's friend and a ninja.
You don't have any Ken.
Ken, why did you...
You gay?
That would be gay.
I didn't invite you to see my Bobby's out at a kindness of my every...
I didn't do Dr. Mow.
Oh no, now what did I do?
I didn't do Dr. Mow.
You...
You're needed to revive Terry Shiboh.
Through time I'd have a ticket check a pen.
I told her to send me to her.
She's petliteing again.
Step aside, you morons.
I'm performing an act I got over here.
I'll write you get up.
And I said get up.
That's no use.
I think broccoli's smarter than this, bro.
Oh, you...
You...
You hear that? She's alive.
I'm alive.
Most...
Most...
Most...
Most...
I'll handle this.
I'll see you as your creator.
And I command you to leave.
I'll handle this.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Okay, it's a trouble one.
How do I handle that thing played lights off on that pop?
I never less had played, thank the Lord.
I'll be an act of God.
And by the way, speaking of that, the Pope's breathing has become shallow.
Oh, my God.
His kidney function is deteriorating.
Oh, my God.
His last words spoken have been...
I'm dying on the hand.
I like that.
Well, because...
Well, how...
And is that kind of like fit in?
I think they're making some of this up.
I'm not saying they were like this.
They were praying and he's praying along.
He's singing along.
He's doing a karaoke.
That's great.
So anyway, we did just fine.
Okay, we did great.
Just like I predicted, right?
Not.
And at afternoon number, that's the biggest afternoon drive number.
We've had a station in a long time and that month of 5.8.
Did you see that in men?
Yes, I did.
A 5.8, which is really great.
Mad dog, baby.
I'm telling you.
That man, what did I tell you the other day?
Hey, don't sell our friends short.
Who's that?
Oh, that one?
Yeah, the baby.
He was responsible for that.
We'll never know until the whole book comes out in a month.
So if he'll stick around long enough, we'll find out.
Or not.
Let's see, 18 to 34.
We want to look at these and see if we did anything in there.
That's not our demo.
Okay?
No.
3632, now we're nowhere.
We're in No Man's Land.
We got nothing.
Although back in the fall, we had a four or nine in midday.
But we just...
This was not an 18 to 34 book for the whole station.
So you don't have to send me more of their crap.
Well, no, it's done.
It's over.
Oh, except for whatever you are right now.
Oh, it's you and I mean pages and pages.
Like I said, why are you doing this to me?
Oh, here's the Oaxi.
Is that what this is?
The Oaxi scrap work.
Just the, you know, for point of reference.
Just for fun.
Okay.
In fact, let's take a look at Oaxi, man.
Okay, the big sports station, our stiff competition.
Look at that.
They started to make a little bit of a move.
Sixth and midnight from a one, four to a one, seven.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my God.
Let's see.
Mornings, one, seven to a two, four.
Of course, back in November, they had a two, seven.
In November, okay?
Two, seven, one, nine, one, seven, two, four.
Kind of weak.
Middays, one, eight, one, two, one, six.
Oh, they're peeking now, baby.
One, six.
In men.
We had an eight, two.
They had a one, six in February.
And they afternoon, a one, three, one, one, one, point nine in February, a two, point five.
So they have really, they've come in on strong, baby.
Three to seven and two, five.
Of course, we got a five eight.
So we'll see.
They started to make a little, a little, a little, uh, a new age here and there.
But I'm going to tell you one thing.
One is that time slot again, three to seven, which includes mostly Dan LaBastard and, uh, Stu Goss and that garbage they got.
I'm going to tell you something.
If anybody listens to that, you get what you deserve.
That's all I'm going to tell you right now.
When you're riding, when you, remember that smell of riding burning flesh in hell, then you'll know.
Now they didn't know you're getting what you deserve.
Believe me.
Let me put these away.
Uh, okay.
Stuck on my weight and scrapped in my drawers.
Okay.
We've had enough of that.
Oh, what is this?
Night times and Waxi from a point six to a one, two.
They're making a move, man.
They're starting to close in, baby.
We're in big, deep trouble.
I'll say that right now.
You believe it?
No.
No.
I don't need it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60.
And they've arrived in Singular, Ravis Lund.
The poops breathing has become a shallow.
He's only moments away before they have to disconnect all those.
Tube.
Look at those get keys.
Look at those screamers and those outfits.
Are you watching?
I'm at the Vatican.
For the probably our, uh,
good, delicious, delicious food work in the cheerleaders offices.
And politicians, dignitaries, people are starving in the streets of Rome.
They're shleppers.
There's all kinds of getscues out there sitting on a, sitting on the sidewalks, begging for a shackle, begging for a, a lero or two, right?
Look at this.
Look at all the trappings and the crappings and the robes and the, oh, my goodness.
And a reenactment of the death and the resurrection of the Lord, but not just the death.
Oh, seriously.
Oh, by the way, speaking of the Catholic Church, good segue.
Thank you.
The Roman Catholic Church plans to establish its first religious society devoted exclusively to fighting euthanasia and abortion church leaders said this week.
To not wasting any time.
Oh, of course, though.
The male only missionaries of the gospel of life founded by father Frank A. Povone.
You saw for our father Povone, or this weekend, Penelope's Park carrying on like crazy, and it and trashing the Ashyvos.
And outspoken opponent of abortion rights, father Povone will be housed in a vacant Catholic high school and dormitory on the grounds of the diocese of Amarillo.
The order will have a decidedly political bent and will be active rather than counter play to Povone said.
Active rather than counter play to.
He's going to get bent.
It's priest will be trained to conduct voter registration drives, use the media to get out their anti-abortion message and lobby lawmakers to restrict the public.
And then the abortion rights.
They'll also learn to lead demonstrations outside or if this is where abortion and family planning services are provided.
There's a difference between knowing the teachings and knowing how to effectively advance a movement, Povone said.
I'm about to have a movement myself just thinking about it.
In recent months, Povone has been focused on marshalling religious conservatives around Terry Shivoh.
Povone also is director of an association of anti-abortion priests called priest for life.
Say it right.
Priest for life.
Got it?
Got it.
Good.
The church finds herself battling a plague as spiritually fatal as any she has ever fought before.
The plague of the culture of death, he wrote.
That's right.
They don't care about you while you're alive, but when you're in a brain dead state, when you have a feeding tube stuck into your stomach or your nose or all of these places or maybe even your rectum.
And of course when you're still in the womb there, when you're in that fetus condition, then they care about you a lot.
In between, that's it.
That's all it can be.
A little raspberry.
Maybe a little wine on the lips.
That's about it.
They don't care.
Okay, that's all.
They just don't give a crap.
Wait till you hear this story.
Talk about how America has fallen to a new, to new depths.
An item on the Snow Homeage High School District's website.
Where is this?
Seattle.
Got it?
Got it.
An item on the Snow Homeage School District's website refers to the football team's Snow Home traditions.
And Snow Home Mojo is both a headline in the school year book and the name of a local espresso stand.
Snow Home Mojo.
The book is Snow Homeage.
Would you listen to me?
Yeah.
But when Snow Homeage High Senior Justin Patrick Ward teacher to school last month,
would the letters Snow Hose across the front, led to a suspension from a school.
Oh my God.
Snow Hose.
School officials say Snow Hose contains a slang term for prostitutes and is derogatory toward women.
As a woman, I am sure that you can appreciate our desire in Snow Homeage to maintain respect for all members of our community, especially our young women.
And not a lot of the abbreviated form of our school name to be used to reference them as Hose.
Said this story is possible in Chan and Part Hemer in response to an email query about his suspension.
Patrick and four friends say Snow Hose is the name for their tight group of friends.
It was going four years ago when they started filming videos for fun.
We tried Snow Homeans but that was too long said Cal Butcher.
Another friend, Max Stax, said they never considered the term derogatory.
Until Patrick was sent to the Orifice last month and not having a calculator in math class,
he and his friends say nobody had objected to the shirts that Portcher said they were to school all the time.
They showed these kids on here right now, these really very ugly kids.
And it says Snow Hose on their t-shirts.
Vice principal Robin Harrington told Patrick the shirt didn't seem appropriate for school and then he needed to cover it up.
Patrick said that when he protested Harrington called in another vice principal to confirm that the shirt violated the school dress code,
which prohibits any display of words, pictures or references to alcohol, tobacco, weapons, guns, or a sexual innuendo.
Frustrated Patrick said he walked out of the Orifice return to class when he was called back by a security officer the next period was again told to cover up the shirt.
Patrick said he lost his temper and used a few choice words as in and then he went out a couple of rows too.
How do you like that? And he yelled, you fair.
Yeah, at the principal.
He got a one day suspension for dress code violations and sexual harassment and a second day for gross insubordination.
Patrick's father very Patrick Ritzett is some of us as temper with a school official.
But he also can't believe that some were suspended for adding an S to a common abbreviation.
He showed administrators photo copies of the 2004 yearbook where the word snowhoher appears several times and one headlined refers to students as snow homies.
Legal experts say while students enjoy broad protections for political speech, schools may restrict dress or behavior that disrupts the educational environment.
Oh, cracker, please.
Stuart J. a constitutional law scholar at the University of Washington, said, of course, generally deferred to school administrators when it comes to determining what's offensive or indecent.
But he said calling a word derogatory when it is named in any particular individual falls into legal gray area.
It's an eight day area in the short solidarity. All four boys yesterday were there snowhoes shirts to school.
Two were told the cover up the lettering and they did the other two boys shirts went unnoticed.
They said, I do like that. No hoes. Are you a hoes out there?
What a this is what America is wasting its time with like the woman was talking before about Terry Shival, you know.
And I would have hoped if you thought that Terry Shival would have to watch with something you ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh, just wait a very difficult circumstance exactly what you do if there were no letter.
You mentioned the possibility of abdication of resignation to one provision in canon law that is different than in the case of Kumbler would be with that that resignation or abdication as to be made freely under with.
By the way, canon law says all priests get like four exemptions on the Chamalist Asian deal for got it got it.
This is the public condition of his worsened. He's like breathing shallow breath like that. He's on a way out, baby.
On a way out pretty soon they're going to be convening. We're going to meet going to see some snow.
Snowke blow through that chimney. In fact, maybe they're going to stick a big queue through the chimney this time so they can blow the right smoke. You know what I mean?
Oh, you got that got it.
From it's past noon at QM we got more Howard David did that to the staff know.
Whether he likes it or not four to six fifty five. It's mad dog at public in Davie to be horse and round over there in Davie.
Mad dog as usual putting in a big number in air in the month of February like he always does nice going mad dog.
He's going it like always as dependable as the weather in Omaha, Alaska.
Marlins on deck at six fifty five. Marlins at the Mets in Port St. Lucley last couple exhibition games this weekend tonight.
Tomorrow and then the regular season starts next week. Eddie can't 10 o'clock tonight and then next next week when people are actually paying attention.
Because I don't think too many people paid too much attention to these spring training games.
But when people are dependent that we can hear Rossi Burns being then you're going to be working with them next week.
Now let's see those games are home games right Atlanta. That's right.
So you're going to be working with Rossi Bernstein. So be careful what you say. Don't be like mouth and off right off the bat.
Don't go in there and say well, Neil said that you really sound like guilty. That would be a good idea. I mean they've been boring nose.
I'm sure that I said he's his boring is sawdust. He's got a good idea. Now that what does that mean is he trashing me? Is he badmapping me? Dave Ann boring nose?
Never said a word about you get out of here. Then why do you say that? Then how do you know that? Then how do I know that he knows?
How do you know that he knows the nose knows because I've been sitting there during a day game when you're on and before he goes on and you're talking about his you know.
There's been boring is him basically and there was a poem a man the Terry Shrivo a baseball broadcasting. I'm sure he might be a nice guy might be.
I never got him. He definitely there you go. You said he's a nice guy. He's got a hot wife. He's got a bad hair piece. You said.
I got a great fast here from while I haven't ready yet. But wow. Look at this. This is funny. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny.
Okay. We'll get to it after the break. See we're laughing and we're yulking it up now. If we were to have a bad trend we'd be.
Oh, yeah. You know, make it those Terry Shrivo Eric sounds you know.
Whoa like that. But hey look we kicked ass again baby. We keep coming back. You can't hold it. We're just like what's your name?
Glenn Close. You keep trying to hold us underwater but we keep popping back out again. You know. Remember that? Yeah.
We're excited. Fatal distraction. Hey you know spring is here and now is a great time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead for some unbeatable deals on brand new O5's.
Right now get the on the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and 0% financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing?
Check out the O5 Ford or Explorer right now. Armstrong for the homestead with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing.
And don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead will get that exclusive, unbelievable, unmatchable, tires, parts and batteries for life program plus on top of all of that a free Florida Sun pass to.
Armstrong for this part of our servicemen and women and if you're in the military or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty, reservist, national guard or coast guard, you'll get a military appreciation discount.
David Rich in the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price. They'll bet you great life on it.
And because they're locally owned and operated, they'll treat you like with velvet gloves because they want to make you happy and a satisfied customer so you'll come back again in the game.
Armstrong for the homestead. There were a Fio 725 South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check out the web, armstrongcars.com or give David a victory call at 305-247-512.
305-247-512, please whatever you do.
If you have a few extra miles and save yourself thousands and thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
The name is Mark McGuire. I played the game of baseball since I was nine years old. I love and respect steroid use.
I have been a person who spread rumors or said things about teammates that could hurt them. I will do everything in my power to help steroid use in baseball and create jeopardy for my friends.
When I was lucky enough to secure my last major league contract, one of the first things I did was to harm friends and respected teammates.
I am also offering to be spokesman of performance enhancing drugs. Most importantly, every little leagueer, pony league, high school, college player needs to understand that performance enhancing drugs would solve the problem.
Thank you very much. You're welcome to try 18th. So we now know who Lyle is by the way. You do know who it is. Don't you have to read this? I have some theories.
I want the name because I know the name. There is absolutely no question about it. Hate you like poison by the way. Yeah, no, I know who you're thinking.
Maddie Bell. Right. What do you mean I'm thinking? Maddie doesn't hate me. Let me say it again. You're wrong.
Here's Lyle's latest mischief. Lyle, who was going to tell us who he was, but obviously he didn't want to do it, but by writing this makes it very clear who he is.
Give credit where credit is due. Much of what happened to Greg was not his own doing, but circumstances beyond his control. That's right. It wasn't Greg that put Ferella on the air.
It wasn't Greg that put the stirring on here and the blue jar rose out and lied about all those meetings he was going to have.
It wasn't Greg that said that we were getting our bonus signing checks for the new extension on my deal. And then of course come to find out, hadn't talked to corporate about it at all.
That wasn't Greg it was beyond his control. Right, Maddie? You're an ass when it comes to giving Kudo a homemade distillation what it is today.
Or it's either it's either Maddie Bell or curious Sarner. Greg is a fine individual who works hard to support a station that he treats as his own.
He truly loves this station. Can move on to bigger projects, but won't because of his dedication and loyalty.
Admitted as a GM and VP, he's the best in the business in this radio market. Do you really know his background in his business? It's impressive. He was a sales guy in Philadelphia.
This is a tough business as far as radio in general, the radio business has changed considerably. Over the past four years of coin arbitrage, the national persons using radio percentage has fallen by 1.2 points.
Primarily the fact that total time spent listing is dropped from 21 hours and 30 minutes in full 90 to 20 hours. In other words, each year the average person time spent listing rate is declining by about a half hour each year, week each year.
Finally, you don't know the truth about Howard David, so stop spreading the indignant rumors. The deal is in a sense done. He gave you chances to reconcile after an oversight with George.
In oversight, after you try to get you fired and get me fired and the beast and Zach and Carolyn and Gellie and anybody else.
If you want our facts you information that will prove Greg Reed reign as VP, let's see, the Greg Reed's reign as VP and GM have made our station a powerhouse.
He could move on, but is too busy babysitting like some of the major personalities signed a lie, GD Baby, he says. He's babysitting.
We don't need any babysitting. What we need is somebody who leaves the damn thing alone is what we need.
So what time is the Greg Reed show on? What time is the Maddie Bell show on? What time is the Gary Sarner show on?
Who would you say? Now what do you think? Those one of the two, it's one of the three.
Right? Possibly. Yes. Well who else could it be? It could be the Water Nazi. I mean she could be using a guy's name but then again that will be here. No way. It's not her style.
Well, what would you say? Gary Sarner or Maddie Bell? Come on. Let's hear GD's guess. Here we go.
Neither one. It could be either one. Make a pick. I'm going to just stab.
And your notice that says in here, I mean the giveaway, it says his reign has made our station of powerhouse.
So if there's any doubt that it's somebody working on it inside, that doubt is long gone. Okay. It didn't take Shylock home to figure that out from miles as a fax deal today or any of them.
So you don't want to make a guess. Okay. You want to alienate either of these people. Gary. Gary Sarner alienate the first one.
It is kosher. I just meant that the fax is kosher. Okay. Seriously. Why would I worry about alienating on these people? They already hit you like poison.
That's what you're trying to say and that too. Yeah. And this is this is live. Who by the way was telling me you know one day giving me a shot the next day.
Oh, he just loves this show. I just can't make up its mind. You know. They're all acting of anybody else in the building who would defend the defenseless.
The kind of ever in behavior. The bizarre, the changing, the lying, the BS, the grotesque stuff that's gone on. They put in things on the air that have created nothing but chaos and service for all the rest of us and brought on least all kinds of evil forces on us that quite frankly had been out of the way for a long time. All of these things.
So when it comes to the law, to give me a song and dance about how I don't know about this and I don't know about that. Believe me. I know. Trust me what I tell you. I can write a book about it, but nobody would believe it. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Quick question. Yesterday I had Mo on for a quick check and then a caller says something about Neil. Yeah. And he said, I'm done talking about him. I'm not talking about that stiff anymore.
So I miss him. What you said the prior day of the military. We have to go listen to the archives. Okay. I'm not playing that game.
Now let me say it again. When I told you before that I thought information and look, anybody's intent will talk to anyone. Okay. We're talking to serious, but then it gets out of secret management knows about. We're talking to serious and hopefully they can pick up the show off of the station and compensate the station and us or whatever. That's fine.
But if there are people who are disgruntled or whatever the deal is or maybe some people are always disgruntled and they want to look around. That's fine, but the word gets out. I don't just come on here and make up a bunch of crap. I don't do that. I don't need to do that.
I have all the kind of stuff that goes in in this place. But if somebody wants to use me as an excuse to take a walk and never dig that, that's not going to let that happen. Okay. Because you know, it's just it's just not a matter of fact. It's bull crap.
And I'm going to say it again. I always the one. I'll say what I said yesterday. I was the one when we were figuring out all who we're going to stick in there. We got those two hours mad dog won't do to the six. We're going to put in there. And I said, the old man. Okay. That's what I said. Maybe I made a bad mistake. Maybe I thought that maybe this guy could like rehab himself and become like part of the human race. But I don't know.
And I don't care at this point. Don't care. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line. I can't wait to be there to see Gary Surner and Maddie Bell. Okay. Can't wait. I think there'll be conspicuous by their absence.
Oh, come into Q. I. Am. Hello. I don't know when somebody is calling you. I love it a lot. Yeah. Hello. Did you hear that? That's not like Portuguese to me. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. I just don't. I was pretty the rosary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What was the point of that call?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived horizon and singular wireless line. You're people again, man. Hey, those are Portuguese. Like that. WQ a.m. Hello. Congratulations on your ratings. Yeah. Okay. Thanks so much for the phone. You voice. Okay. Thanks so much. WQ a.m. Hello. You think you're on the war deal? Go for your club. Do I think what? What do you say? Do I think I don't know? Get a new phone. Get in the phone. I would understand what's on your mumbling about. Okay. Schmuck 5 6 7 0 5 60. Look at these phones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. There were some some sort of love, but their uniquely just the way it was, their never so fresh or just f**king good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there were some people who These were, they were staying fresh. And, uh, bring lots of room for so many people because of social isolation. So much money. Yeah. Oh, no. Maybe anything like that. A little things that like ramp your door's just a little funny or cameras I don't have any easier stuff. Right you got right over have softer coping on them. I don't really know how separate things work. How do you like it. Saunh播 is healthy as long as it can relax me back on my desk. And how do you like it. Remember to learn well too first and learn good dream. Small things, if you learned home and stuff when you are playing games like that one of yours. It contracts your chances. I'm not gonna try to get a load of throub高 face right?
on the way and uh...
for his daddy to be a little bit of a
uh... to pay something i read that on the year couple days ago it's uh... you
know it's old news and the game with the wake up talk about terry shible with
what's going to be in search of you
crying out loud got on mighty
wow
talk about the words
unbelievable is what it is
w-k-y-m-hello
yes sir
david jupiter
yeah they've got a
second time call
go ahead they've second time call her go ahead
i'm a near meal
sounds like david jupiter to me
meal
and a
sincere on fm with that
captain david jupiter who is the other
okay see there we go say words again and we could say back then but we can't
say now case of the db word can't do that
hey david jupiter you better get with it we can't do that no more jordan
have a new respect i'm sorry corporate legal
will have a new respect
yet could possibly be anybody else now i guess it could be like uh... now i
can't be a minute but with its preliminary investigating
here yes it's not from a win facts as you can see so someone's pewter
yeah and supposedly no one in the building has that program
so does that mean
that it's not likely that it came from inside the building although i'm not
really not yet
our station
maybe it's about for a month
yeah
but for more than the wasting time with this show
yeah because this was somebody who a couple days ago claim he liked this
show you know obviously he's got no life because he's involved with a
show like
uh... i mean
round o'clock even when we're not on the air he's uh... you know
so we'll find out we'll get child icons will get miss marple will get uh...
columball and all of these people are
you're all well
michael
how are they doing by the way they took a real uh... they took a real time
and as he channel blow
and i think i might play
lucid
but
only in the banana republic baby only in my amma
no
you're paran
uh...
ten
b k
a
three
The show's a day time all better
You've never known it's right the way they are from all week
The sport is a joy and you know it all better
It's always a cool word and sunny version
Chose it, gah gah gah gah gah gah
Can't say I don't know by now
No one gives a crap about any of that
It's a town that brings you a lot of money
And if that's all there's on it's cow
The challenges do it now
And by your say do it up and out
Do it now
Do you and Rick can't talk to what we're missing and for
Thank you baby
This present I'm very appreciative that you chose me to conduct this interview
Sure
What do you hope that your legacy will be?
You've got four years and I know I'm asking a down the line question
But what do you hope it will be?
Terris and the stabilizing the vital part of the world
Okay, now in the next four years
What do you most want to accomplish yourself?
Play god
What are you going to be able to do that others haven't been able to?
Spread hatred and vilify the United States
I hope that 50 years from now people look back and say
George DeBio, a dictator, a tyrant, a thug
Do you think all of that can happen in four years?
Yes, I do and I'm excited about it
When 2020 returns
The president just peed on the top of the standing over office
Oh, absolutely
And I intend to duty
Okay
Next
Call 45, base no storm coming tonight overnight, honey like that
I make a note in when that these are shame don't do that
I'll be there
Here's another interesting facts pointer all whipped up into a friends you know
We've got the internet scene radio war going on now
I like that
Starting with a lot by the way, Maddie Bell, I mean Gary Sarner
Do you need a lot of listening to you since you as you moved from a station to station in the market compared to QA
I would be must have been a paradise
Oh yeah for quite a while there it was okay we had a pretty good time right?
Yeah it was all right I mean ahead it's problems no places perfect but it was a paradise
Oh the radio thing
Certainly didn't get lied to as much I'll say that didn't get oh for life of me I don't know how you and others have been able to maintain your sanity with all the scum that infest the workplace there
From the front office to sales to the engineering by the way we got our dots back
Oh yeah
From the front office to sales to engineering the level of incompetence and backstabbing transcends even the worst of corporate stories
Instead of embracing the talent working with it it seems they're constantly biting the proverbial hand that feeds them
It's no wonder the station is crumbling under the weight of its own compassness and crashness
Not to mention the illiterate copy that you and Hank have to put up with daily
Those of us who are long time list there shouldn't be surprised that the acrimony that's been eating away like a cancer
And that the loyal Greg Reed shill supporters and afflickers are scrambling like rats on a sinking ship
And desperate to put a fresh coat of paint on the milder ridden walls
No one is WQAM signed just another fag in Miami
You fare I do like that that's incredibly well written you know
Right
And insightful
Yeah
56050560, pound 560 on a
I'll say this other than
Other than Dick Casper
I'm trying to think of anybody that I ever worked for in this market
I mean Sidler then you know is a great guy and he gave me my break my start and this and that
But you know he didn't have any money
So I don't want to exclude Sid and that because it's a good guy
But other since then since KAT the beginning
Other than Dick Casper I can't think of anybody I ever worked for who appreciated the talent and worked for the talent
All the rest of them were like kind of like you know it's us against you
You know us against you and like we have to put up with you and tolerate and quite frankly I don't know what they were tolerating
I mean of course they're complaining anytime you know he couldn't give copy or anything and things weren't working technically
That made you a bad guy because if you have any professionalism at all then you're a chronic complain to your opinion he has
There's stuff I forget about it just do the thing you know like that comment about it
If Neil has to do the show from a broom closet we're paying him a lot of money and he's gonna have to do that
That was from our former RU lawyer for QAM
When we were having trouble finding out if they were gonna have a studio built to do the show in after they signed me up to make all sorts of representations
that they weren't prepared to live up to if Neil has to do the show out of a telephone booth or a broom closet
That's what we'll have to do because we're paying him a lot of money
There you go. Remember those days?
Big shot yeah I remember you're kidding me?
Yeah but at any rate so I'm the one that could write the book, Maddie or Gery or any of the non-air people
See this is obviously written by somebody who's not going to be on air people who instantly makes them an expert
We're all opinion in the ass the management people they're the mavens they're the bruh-buh geniuses
56050560.560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. WDQAM
Hello
Hello
How are you doing Mr. Neil?
Are you under water or something what kind of a flow do you have?
I'm driving on my windows open
We'll close that window man. Just a window
All right hold on one second all right
Good got something that it means in a wind tunnel
Is that better?
Better yeah
Listen you guys have to put the other day on Puerto Rican singer that I've been seeing on the world
Or there was some kind of flow done that you guys have done
Yeah now we didn't take the poll it was a story about it yeah
Right who wouldn't sit that whole?
A bunch of Cubans
56070560.560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines
That was good having him close to the window the whole thing
Killed about 45 seconds yeah that's not
WDQAM hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
I'm sure glad we got these dots back pretty good sir
All right great are you are you watching seeing energy?
You know I have it on there I think they got a news break
It looks like a Pope Thomas way out right now
Are you listening to this show sir are you listening to this show?
What show are you listening to?
I did when you talk about that on any belt
Yeah 56070560 that was made he bells boyfriend
You ferry
Town 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines
It's what we talked about earlier Wolf
It's what transforms a moment of pain and great sadness
Yeah the Pope's time is way out okay
The way they slept him and you know sat him up there in front of that window
Even I was embarrassed the other day
He's like you know couldn't get a word out he's obviously an agony
And they put this poor old a cout up there is something from the window like
Like some kind of an object not like a person but like an object
Well he is and always has been all I see
Oh that's right the holy fire I forgot
Figure head WDQAM hello
WDQAM hello
How about San Francisco and Frankfurt?
Frankfurt, Germany and San Francisco
Never been there San Francisco is on there Frankfurt's good
Frankfurt's awesome
Is it?
Sure is right
Okay thanks
Frankfurt he said is awesome
Well Germany's good I never been in a well I haven't been in I've been in I didn't like a Humberg
I can live without their place
Very scenic though they have like a lot of parks you know
A lot of grass you would like to they have a lot of grass yeah I like grass
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon and singular wireless lines
Where's Lyle's next pack so come on Lyle come on wherever you are
Here's the challenge before the end of the week before I get there before 2 o'clock today
Identify yourself Lyle raise your hand
Don't do this with this anonymous bullcrap okay
Behind the shield of some phony made up name
Let's find out who the real Lyle is
Who's got the real Perica Hones
Mr. I'm looking his butt right now man
I mean that last pack that was special so either it's got to be a put on you know
Maybe it's just a put on because it's anyway even the people I'm talking about are they really could they be that?
Oh huh animated
WQAM hello
I come to meet me
WQAM hello
What do you call?
WQAM hello
Wow man those colors are incredible
That's the bread and butter in my life baby that's what it's all about these are my people this is my crowd man
Wow
Hey how about Florentia Italia
Florentia?
Yeah man I mean they talk about it
They're great city and I don't know if you've ever been there but I better know
I'm only if I ever been there I've been here several times Florence is beautiful
It's gorgeous and I don't you know I've only been in Rome two or three times
So I can't speak from obviously the experience that you can probably speak from but I consider the food over there even better than the one in Rome
I mean you could you could gain 500 pounds easily yeah anywhere in central is seven Italy you can at least a thousand pounds
Yeah Florence is great in Rome as well
I would say I would say that city and the other one I would also think about would be Venice
I would never been there
Venice is okay I mean it's beautiful it's it's I like walking around a little bit not swimming so far
Wow yeah I use it
That is a little bit of a problem but Hellman all of Italy you know
What's the like?
So anyways again just in closing apps so the whole day yesterday on all four channels according to my old man
because I wasn't I was at work the whole day
Terry Shivewell now today I guess it's a whole day
This is absolutely sick yeah
Yeah man just in a feeding frenzy these people in the meeting need to be put in a rubber room somewhere
Absolutely all right deal
Okay, child 5 670 I've put Florence Italy on her okay it's a fabulous place
Oh man fabulous fabulous have you been there no slipper
5 6705 60 pound 5 60 if you're afraid Al Goldstein would have given you some money when he had some
He could have at least sent you to Amsterdam and you could have stayed in his apartment
Use the apartment right right yeah whatever but now he don't have any money somewhere
I don't know and he kept calling really called you before about whatever he said whatever that was
Yes he did and what did he say he said are you guys still taking the poll I'd like to put coast
The Rika on there like he calls every day and you know just didn't miss a beat
What do you mean like he calls every day I don't know he he called just like it was normal like we've heard from him and in months
Yeah I mean he's trying to like maybe he's trying to suck up a little bit okay now that Brad is taking such good care of us over at Tonys
And we love his food so much maybe that's the deal and Frankie's brought all those pizzas by maybe Jeff is trying to suck up a little bit you never know you think I don't know I mean I you know I like the guy he's a he's a business friend you know he's a
There only point I was trying to make that is that there are different kinds of friends you have you have people are your friend you know like you know and then there are people are you real close friends which we all have and then there are people that are like a queen's is I put him in the middle category of it.
You know a friend but not a close personal friend I'm going to hang out with and go to like concerts with and go to like ball games with and go to dinners with no and all of a sudden he even
I only took that personal and then skip you went over there and he has sandbagged him and then there and Berkeley got only knows what they
She did huh when she started consulting with him wise guys I can't wait to see some of these people you know to put their feet to the fire
even even Todd Dreck even that little uh turd burger even he came through last couple of weeks you know you have tied a cup of coffee okay maybe a half a cup because even he's closing it now right yeah
but some of these other people but that that that that that that that they talk a good game that they couldn't close it deal if you have put an
Oozie to their head Berkeley but she she loves me but what she said she's a big guy she came in this morning to remind me to remind you that she likes you a lot.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I tell you what Billy likes me I don't know who he is but he's also in sales.
We try to find a few people in the building Mr. like me as opposed to Maddie Bell who used to like me before he started writing me all these
Fony faxes aka liles.
You are the thing to say.
We know what you and Maddie we know it was you exclusively.
Unfifx again.
You gave him.
It's too hour.
Oh.
Anybody has a baby.
The setting from our way.
You fair.
You'll play your name into the sea.
And tell me of the state.
Don't even bother to question.
You're following.
Everybody's standing.
That's it.
That's it.
In the acts of freedom.
It was in all of you.
Everyone does a speech.
So what are you doing?
This is formation.
And all you might let go.
In push for the land.
Nation.
Like us USA.
Yeah, gotta hate those two.
And flint and zip arrows to.
Believe everything we say.
Under state.
Run.
Blood.
Blood.
I'll hear you.
A Roupe?
You.
Haste, USA.
We don't want to see our jobs.
Think about the upside to be
seen.
We're vaccinated by K-Doh.
Don't be so stupid.
All is now ready to see the tax of the arid-pin way.
You fed everybody's earning taxes.
Yes.
Taxes you had saved.
One o'clock at 560 on the Maddie Bell show.
Exit pool analysis points to 2004 election corruption.
This is from Stephen Dyer, Acron Beacon Journal.
We know that they stole election now.
There's no question in my mind after the last couple of days reading some of this stuff.
There's a one in 959,000 chance that exit polls could have been so wrong
in predicting the outcome of the 2004 presidential election
according to a statistical analysis released yesterday.
By the way, to Pope Stein, exit polls the November election showed
John Kerry winning by 3%, but George Bush won the count by 2.5%.
The explanation for the discrepancy that was offered by the exit polling firm
that Kerry voters were more likely to participate in the exit polling
is an in-flawsable theory, recorded in the report issued yesterday by US count votes.
A group that claimed it's made up of about two dozen statisticians.
Twelve of them, including a case-western reserve university's mathematics instructor
signed the report, instead that that is support the idea that corruption
of the vote count occurred more freely in districts that were overwhelmingly
bush-strong holes.
The report dismissed his chance and inaccurate exit polling
as the reason for the discrepancy with the results.
They found that the one hypothesis that can't be ruled out is inaccurate election results.
The hypothesis that the voter's intent was not accurately recorded
or counted needs further investigation, it said.
The conclusion to a yawn from Ohio election officials who repeated that
the discrepancy issue was settled when the polling firms Edison Media Research
and Matowski International disavowed its polls because Kerry voters
were more likely to answer exit polls the theory yet today is report deemed implausible.
Ohio has been at the center of voter disenfranchisement debates in
sea election.
What are you going to do except laugh at it's if Carl O'Leopero spoke to him
for the Ohio Secretary of State, Jake Kennedy's blackwell, who is responsible
for administering Ohio's elections and his Republican candidate for governor?
We're not especially interested in the reports, findings.
We wish them luck but hopefully find something more interesting to do.
The statistical analysis shows that the discrepancy between polls and results
was especially high in precincts that voted for Bush as high as a 10% difference.
The report says that if the official explanation that Bush voters were more shy
about filling out exit polls and precincts with more Kerry voters is true,
then the precincts with large Bush votes should be more accurate, not less accurate,
as the data indicate.
The report also called into question new voting machine technologies,
all voting equipment technologies except paper ballots were associated
with large unexplained exit poll discrepancies all favoring the same party,
which certainly warrants further inquiry therefore conclusion.
In other words, they still let again, if they did the first time while when they do it again, right?
Right, right.
The late now though, the horse is out of the barn and down the road,
and the Pope is up-sourced to their sin.
Now with the just said in Rome, the Pope up-sourced.
That's quote.
Other than Florida, we're in the world with you most bodily of that's our poll question today.
748 votes.
It's not too bad.
We could have pushed a little bit before we had those other more important numbers earlier.
Thanks to Greg, we're kicking ass again in February.
Isn't it thanks to him?
Yes.
Couldn't have done it without you, Greg.
Thanks for babysitting all of us for all brass.
Las Vegas 87, New York 82, Costa Rica 73, Vancouver 72, Amsterdam 64, Rome 44, Tahoe 41,
Havana 37, Frisco 36, San Diego 32, Paris's God.
Doctorate man.
Toronto's God.
Doctorate man.
L.A. 27, Chicago 18, Ibiza 18, Cologne, Germany 14, Berlin 9, Berlin's great.
Berlin is sensational.
Israel 8, Dominican Republic 7, Trin Van Tobago 6, we don't know why.
Well, it's just not our bag, you know.
Right.
You want to go there?
No.
I'll try.
Copenhagen 3, Sacramento 3, Budapest 2, Nunn for Venice, Florence or Frankfurt.
Out of 748 votes.
Boy, not for Florence, I can't believe that.
Of course, right now, this time it is already April, Fool's Day, it's the 1st of April.
Probably a lot of people in these places now too, wouldn't you think?
I would think.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I got a place to live.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about it?
Under what overpass?
How about Laugos, Nigeria?
Yeah, okay.
Have a good time.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'll worry.
Okay.
I'm originally from Chicago, but my vote's got to go to New Zealand.
New Zealand?
That's what George wanted to vote.
Well, the mean he was going.
Okay, well, have a good time.
Alrighty.
Thanks.
There's a guy even, he's going to take you with him.
He's going to put you like a kangaroo in his pouch.
Yeah, that's Australia.
They don't have kangaroos in New Zealand, though they have Kiwis, though.
Oh, I know, that's I like Kiwis, right?
What else they got?
Why would you want to live in New Zealand?
What's the attraction?
What is going on?
How to go down the way they're very liberal, I understand.
Yeah, they're very liberal.
I got one that is down there yet, and I can't imagine why.
What about Hawaii?
We don't have to be specific.
We can say, on Luder or Hawaii.
What about Hawaii?
What's not to like there?
How?
What's wrong with you, people, for crying out loud?
It's not in this tropical paradise.
It is paradise.
It's not easy.
It is.
That blue, crystal, clear, clean, warm, Pacific water would have fantastic, those great
breezes, man.
The trade winds.
Oh.
See, even when it's hot in the summertime, which it really gets to 90, it gets in the upper 80s,
but it's never humid.
It's never because the trade winds, there's always a nice breeze.
Oh, between your knees.
Hawaii is great.
Just to them far and to them expensive.
Wow.
Slumber like you ain't going to Hawaii.
Yeah.
Maybe maybe sweet water.
That's about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, maybe up to like Sheridan and the 441, that's about all.
Maybe all the way up to like pines.
pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Now, Josh, you got this making the big bucks.
He's making it on those Marlon games.
He might get all the way like to.
Probably.
Maybe the Palm Beach Line, who lives in Coral Springs, maybe like to Bokeh someday.
Maybe Moll will take a new New York Prime.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I got one for you.
Moll.
Uh-huh.
Santa Cruz and the Canary Islands.
Santa Cruz, okay?
And the Canary Islands.
Well, it's just for Canary Islands.
Listen.
It's the Pope's dice today.
Would that make him the Pope of tools?
You talk about disrespectful, man.
That was disgusting.
One it?
Oh.
Pick it on the holy, pick it on the holy father like that.
That was grotesque.
That's a pub, stmobs, stmobs, stmobs, stmobs.
That guy's going to burn in hell, make no mistake about it.
One of your people, you know, always try to be cute, always try to be amusing.
Did Lyle facet back in yet with his true identity?
No.
Coward.
Spineless, jellyfish coward, you know?
So it's definitely one of those two people.
I think each one of them has got like one nut.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to him here.
I beg your pardon?
I want to talk to him here.
Sounds like Reverend Jones to me.
I don't know.
Not sure.
Reverend Jones knows he's on the airway called.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, what can we do for you, sir?
What do you got?
I want to smith my own sparks.
Oh, good.
I don't need to go here for that.
I don't need to go here for that.
Yeah, man.
Sounds like you're in for a really fine weekend.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
And the knee, you?
Yes.
You even Pope was dying over there?
Yeah.
And how come you can't see God damn anymore?
Oh.
Yeah.
Not cute.
A lot later.
Oh, okay.
Got it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
560-70560, £560 out of Verizon, singular wireless line.
I'm waiting for a while to call in.
I'm a bad line.
That would be good.
Yeah.
I'm going to keep my online 12, superlial.
He's going to call in.
You'll see W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, hey, did you catch the air-american documentary
or any spiel yet?
The air-american documentary?
Yeah.
With Randy on and all that.
No, why would I watch that?
I don't know.
I know you kind of like her a little bit and want to know if you watch it or not.
No.
Hey, when are you going to come to BCC and do a remote?
I'm not.
All right.
See you.
Groupy, groupy alert.
W-Q-A-M!
Groupies in Broward.
W-Q-A-M!
Oh, boy.
Through a remote at BCC.
Then that's on Simple Lady Man?
Oh, yeah.
Then you watch the air-america or documentary on HV-E.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
It was on last night.
It was?
Yeah, FlipRit passed it.
Oh, it was.
Now, why didn't you do that?
I thought you liked it.
I thought your name, huh?
I thought it was fine on the air.
But I had no interest in the documentary about that.
I know everything about that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, they're all working.
Oh, Katherine Lamper might have been on there.
I'm sure she was.
They're not doing much.
I've taken that.
I've looked at those friends to scare American and do them much at all.
And of course, we're going to the tremendous impact they had on an election.
Yeah.
They really did that.
W-Q-A-M!
Hello.
Why are you calling so echoey today?
W-Q-A-M!
Hello.
Yeah.
That was good.
Yes.
Hey, I thought maybe you should be in the next vote.
Yeah, okay, great.
In fact, we had that one CD.
They've got everybody all bent out of shape, all the far-bison Catholics.
Oh, my gosh.
This is disgusting.
The one would be with a green schmatz on as the Pope.
You qualified.
Yes, I certainly do.
Yay.
Bald.
Now.
I probably, I guess, I had a whole bunch of nice beanies there.
They used to wear an Aywami thing.
Got all the nice beanies.
You like money.
I like money.
Corrupt the more corrupt the better.
And of course, I look lovely in a beautiful dress.
Never tried it yet, but I bet you would be real comfortable, you know?
Yeah, I kind of like Lucy Goosey, you know?
Sure.
Yeah.
Kind of like Prince Charles there, and I'm killed.
He's always walking around in.
You know, he's in there.
He feels kind of a Lucy Goosey feeling.
Somebody QAN, hello.
QAN.
Yes.
Hello, I got to go.
I got to go.
My bottle.
Okay, see.
All right.
Maybe that was a, it might have been a lot.
I know.
That was a lot.
Now, that wasn't the goofy enough to be the Gary Cernor or Maddie Bell.
You know, see, I'm trying to mind, you know, process of elimination to think of anybody else in the building.
Me too.
I don't want it to be hasty.
And I mean, it could be somebody from corporate over there like for a month, but he wouldn't waste his time.
And it could be somebody from outside of the building since it was sent from a computer.
It could have been anybody.
Right.
Somebody that used to be here, for example.
Somebody who pretends to know a lot about what's going on over here.
So it's probably those little hallios are going to be, you know, the daddy and the juniors because it's got that same head around it, you know?
I'm sorry, Danny and the juniors.
Oh, it has the same head or is Dave Friedman?
Yeah, but a lot of time.
Oh, that maybe fat boy is feeding him all the stuff, you know, that could be.
Could be.
Or fat boy is feeding on anything.
Or more likely, that boy wrote that other facts.
What's that?
The one that came later, that's the other one.
Now, run it by me again.
I said, it's more likely that fat boy wrote the other facts.
The skating one?
Yeah.
The one that's in from a fellow fag in Miami.
Wow, I didn't even realize it.
You're fairie.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
Welcome, you're all right.
Pretty good, Pally.
What are you got?
Oh, now, my day, you know that when the Pope comes to the window and he waves like that, you know, that doesn't really aren't his arms.
That's a get ski that's standing behind him waving his arms underneath there.
Yeah, okay, great call, man.
Excellent.
So, get ski.
He's even used my material now.
Probably a Southern Baptist.
We got Goy and talking Yiddish now on that.
At least we're making some progress, right?
Next thing you know, they'll be eating like a filth of fish.
Be sure and wash off that mung from that jar, though, first.
Oh, God.
You never bought it?
I've had lots of canned meats and I know that there's always a layer of that.
Oh, God.
They're like selling gelatin.
It's got that gelatin in there.
It's like real slimy.
Ooh.
It's the coagulated like fat and whatnot.
El Paso.
Vegas is still kicking ass, man.
90 of you say that if you live anywhere in a world, you live in Vegas.
And for the life of me, I cannot figure out why.
It's because it's fun.
It's exciting.
It's pussy.
It's beautiful.
I got a lot of neat places.
But, well, yeah.
They're envisioning doing that, you know, all the time.
You know, every night, every weekend, going down to the street.
Or maybe because we had all this death TV last couple days,
maybe they figured they only got limited time.
And so what the hell is to live?
It's a deal.
Rogers.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a deal.
Our drive's empty.
It's a deal.
A.M.
The people who've been praying to hear the post singing on his own CD.
Your prayers have been answered.
Now, through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back.
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing.
He's a love me to introduce myself.
My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul II.
Singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down.
He's turn around and starting to play that organ music choir boy.
Play that organ music, right?
Play that organ music choir boy.
Play that organ music in my diet, which might be so.
The Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's bill.
Father of the Pope will be much better than the father of the stupid head.
He's the product.
And on this CD, he's the boss.
You should be playing bingo.
You should all go together and get a church play high stakes if you want to.
You're helping them fool if you lose your shirt so come up and play bingo.
Be bingo, bingo, bingo.
Be anything please.
Oh, sixty-nine.
I, twenty-two, wait a minute.
She picked the Pope's sings as a valuable mile with a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
Five dollars.
Yeah, the time I like to best on his album is the one called.
I'm dying out of the air.
One eighteen and five sixty W.D.Q.M. is Death Watch TV baby.
All Terry all day, all Papa all day.
And God will know as it'll be next.
You never know.
Jerry.
It could be Jerry.
Terry, Papa, then.
It could be Lyle.
Five six seven O five sixty, Tom five sixty on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
These people are really off their feet today.
You know, I think everybody took off for the weekend.
I think this is the beginning of the, well maybe last week was the beginning of the real heavy duty everybody's going out of town thing.
Okay.
W.D.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's today's trying to get through to you.
Today is an indication of April number.
You got to go through the roof for the month of April.
What is it?
I got this phone.
It's right here.
It is a door now.
It's been trying to just 10 or five this morning and there's no answer.
There's a busier with that.
Yeah.
I want to nominate Crawford Tech.
So I figure if we all move there, maybe we move the whole world.
You know, for the whole.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And one of the quickies.
Yeah.
And we're so busy with Terry Chiavore and the Pope.
Why are we allowing Tom Delay in Congress to kill 400,000 Americans with tobacco products?
And Tom Delay, by the way, who's not making these threatening speeches about a church career.
He's not mentioning it by name, but he's, you know, in reprising the lives of any of these judges that voted the way they didn't want and making promises that we're going to all our right wing Nazi judges in there.
It's a real good camouflage for all of his problems, you know what?
Of course, exactly.
So it's a big, you know, something.
Well, maybe the Democrats will wake up before the end of the year.
Let's only hope so.
Good luck to the panel.
Come on here and talk to the people in the woke up.
So have a good week.
Good for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 under Verizon, Singular Wireless Line.
Time to wake up.
Come on, Terry.
Wake up.
Stick that cue.
Wake in here one more time.
Even last night they were all bitching each other and screaming and carrying on.
And it's all like good religion, I think, has got lots of do with it.
Especially that screaming, that flaming priest, man.
Oh, brother, which way could you get out of there?
I use that word there.
Take your pick.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, you know, I am out of my mind.
I cannot believe that playing so much for a dick for.
What did this guy say?
You don't want to know.
Oh, something we had a dumb?
No, not really if you'd have answered it then what you would have.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I didn't hear what he said.
He said, he's going to tell you on Monday.
What does that mean?
Oh, I can't say it.
Then we'll have to dump it.
Then why did you say it?
Then how come you didn't say it?
It was set up for a line.
Oh, I see.
It comes back.
Oh, I see.
Pal 5, 60 on me for Verizon, Singular Wireless Lines.
WCWAM, hello.
Neil, my friend.
We're also clever today.
You know, it's just amazing.
Yeah.
I just love thinking about you when I think of the Prince of Peace.
Yeah.
Peace of what?
It's June.
WCWAM, huh?
I don't know what I was going to do.
I don't know where I wanted to use the WCWAM.
The WCWAM, with our radio turned up so a lot of something like they're inside of it.
I'm going to be on the WCWAM.
The WCWAM is on the floor.
The WCWAM is on the floor.
Are we in the urge?
WCWAM, hello.
I'm also clever today.
I'm just a speaker.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh, I got one for you, Paul.
Okay.
I'll go right.
Yeah, okay, great.
Okay, sir.
WCWAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're the Prince, Haiti.
It's a fellow guy.
Right.
Now watch the other side.
Put it on there.
Yeah.
No, not buying it.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Not too bad.
I'm this gentleman.
I spoke to you about trying to get into the broadcasting business or the young man.
I should say.
Yeah, actually, what do I take it in, sir?
But get about it.
Right.
But get about it.
But get about it.
And then some.
But get about it.
Actually started the Paramedic Fire Fighting course.
We are a paramedic for us in the Terriblech.
Yeah.
Hi.
I was actually calling just to say hello.
That's Blaine's idea that I enjoyed your show for numerous amount of years, only 25 of
the listening to some little kid.
But also, I had a question for you.
As far as you switching over, which obviously is in the air, you feel that you would glue
some of your local customers.
I mean, personally, I mean, it's the only reason I'm asking it, we're listening to it speaking.
You know, there's customers that believe, you know, hey, why should I pay for radio?
But that doesn't matter to any life you get, what you pay for, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So I just want to know, I mean, do you think you would be happier on serious radio?
Or do you think you are?
Or do you think you are?
You don't understand.
I'm not going anywhere.
I've got four more years to go on this station.
If Sirius picks it up, he would pick it up off of this station.
Yeah, but I thought your contract ends at the end of this year or next year.
No.
Oh, I think I apologize.
No.
I'm not always a complete yet.
But I would just pick it up off of this station.
That's all we still be on here.
And you could either hear this non-serious or if you have it or on a radio.
Okay.
Well, you're, I mean, listen, people take life too seriously and honestly at the stressful day,
even my five-year-old son and I, we sit here and listen to you.
We listen to the mad dog.
And it's just funny.
And it honestly, I mean, not the town Cornia, Colisex, or any ass kissing.
And honestly, it just gets to a point where to listen to you kind of right up the monotony of the day
and be able to kind of move on.
You know what I mean?
Well, so under Service Man, taking a gift on the day of your daughter's wedding.
Have a great day, Pally.
There you go, too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, yeah.
I think I talked about it this business, okay?
And now maybe Lyall would like you to talk you back into it, okay?
Do we have a fact from Lyall?
No.
Well, why not?
Lyall is a livert.
Let's see.
Okay, let's head on this commotion over.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little bit of a house stand.
See, I think other than people who are on the air who think they're funny, like Joey, for example,
or maybe Alice Bennett, who think that they're very amusing.
The only thing worse than that is cars, who think that they're very, very amusing.
You think they're very, very amusing.
You think they're very, very weird.
You sit here and scratch in their head and scratch in their balls.
Oh, man, he's going to just kill him.
Ah!
Well, like I said, man, the check looks the same either way.
So thanks a lot Lyall for that big fat check.
Lyall, you know who Lyall probably is a just, I just changed my mind.
Who?
Duff.
But not writing on his own.
See, I can just see Greg standing over his shoulder at the computer, dictating it.
Can you see it?
Yeah, I can see it.
Okay.
But I think that's what it believes the truth.
Something to think about.
Something to think about.
I think that's what it's like to be a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a little bit more like a
let's put Ireland under the Irish are Isles that not so violent part of Ireland. OK, well, where is that Southern Ireland? South and Ireland? South, South, South... Yeah, I dunno, they're kinda like pasty, all the hills are green and they're alive with the sound of music bellows here. Ireland, of course, there's a lot of green beer and yellow beer, and the trollington Irish sluts. Yeah, there you go. What's not to like? Attending the media reports, the Pope is dead. For this moment. You know something, we are, it's just amazing. We are
on top of it. This second, this moment, if it just went up on the screen.
Wow. The Italian media says the Pope is mortal. Dead, finito. Adios Papa.
Heal Rogers.
On 5.60.
GAM.
Friday, you both do.
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his
own CD, your prayers have been answered. Now, through a special arrangement with the Vatican,
his holiness is back and he's singing better than ever on the Pope's singing.
He's a little bit to introduce myself. My name is Pope John Paul.
Yes, it's Pope John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get that.
He's turned around and starting to play that organ music, choir boy.
Play that organ music right.
Play that organ music, choir boy.
Play down and booby and play that organ music till I die.
Which might be so.
The Pope sings, Gidgy, the Chastly Hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope O'Vill.
On the Robe Booby, much better than on the other stool and hat.
He's the part of it and on the CD he's the boss.
You should be playing fingers.
You should all go together and get that church play.
I sticks in your water.
You have to be good if you move your shirt so come out and play pingos.
ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, pingos.
Be 18, please.
Oh, 16, line.
I, 20, don't.
Wait a minute, chief, wait a minute.
The Pope sings is available now at a special introductory price.
Get it and save yourself.
Five dollars.
Hurry!
The Pope's, Pope's, though.
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
I'm dying on the last of your mess
Jesus, fight so stupid
He never shot a shot
Don't you won't get thrown alive
We can't change your choice
The power is down
Don't give him the grass
The power is down
He left its fucking ass
The power is down
He's a glubbie either
The power is down
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Tired checking chill when I spill
He'll do pictures with yellow water
Chill forgot to take your pill
I'm not shittin' get in contact
Aigoon builds it that ain't choked
Poor it proven stupid
But, you're joking Do you took-up now
I wanna shoot the power is down
He gave him the grass
The power is down
He left its fucking ass
The power is down
He's a glubbie either
Now you know what they've got to disclaimer on here about the Vatican mediasis that the Pope or the
Italian mediasis the Pope is dead but CNN hasn't independently confirmed we must wait for official
words from the Vatican before we celebrate
that one stop he just got put in a blind
like but you say to somebody who worships the guide addresses to
your
I don't know what you're saying.
I'm going to tell you about the world today.
All of this focus is on the world's course.
You can smell it all the way here.
But you and even in Rome a million times have you ever been to the Vatican?
No.
No.
I don't go anywhere near there.
I don't want to smell it.
560-50560.
So, let's see.
We must wait for official words from the Vatican, but.
And if you think the Terry Shival thing was a wild,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
All we can do is, you're going to have the Pope coming out
every party or body, what you want to or not.
So, I'd like to put my TV in the bottom of the swimming pool.
You have good idea.
Okay.
Yeah, for a couple of days.
Well, you know what I'm saying is right.
It is just unbearable.
It is going to be unbearable.
Just crazy.
And now we got that whole thing going on.
Where they're all going to be sitting around.
All the cardinals are going to be sitting around.
And some of the red socks and the Yankees.
And, you know, we got to pick the new Pope.
And we got to, you know, a little...
And of course, I love the way they said there's no politics involved.
Right.
That's all I did is.
Right.
And one day, the guy's just a cardinal.
And that very nice outfit with a red and a black and a whole deal.
And the nice, uh, the nice smoth on his head.
And then all of a sudden, poof, you're a Pope.
And now, now it's the holy Father.
Right now, he's got that bat line to God.
So, before, when you're a cardinal, you don't have that red phone like Batman.
Right.
Yeah, but now he's got the bat line.
And if Commissioner Gordon ever picks it up, well, he's really in big trouble.
Because he's a Baptist.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Rivals lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, cardinal.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Did I hear this morning?
I think it's a smack in the head with a silver hammer.
Got that?
No.
And they're following it?
Could you tell her the bouncing balls?
WDQAM, hello.
Oh, go me over.
Why don't you switch to nasty things?
I think it's a coincidence.
I go back to the board.
I'm like, I don't know why he's been.
And I remember here in the first tender live.
Anyway, I'm walking into the gold.
Going into the live?
I remember him live.
Wow.
I don't think he's alive now, but.
I remember him dead.
I remember him dead.
I think somebody pulled his cube.
I'm walking into the Gulf Stream Park to punch my ring.
But do you think it's a coincidence?
One day a park, carry, and the Pope?
And what if Jerry Fowler kicks it tomorrow?
Oh, my God.
I'm going to send it right now.
All right.
I'm going to have a good time, pal.
Okay.
One, two, three.
I'm going into the Gulf Stream.
You guys have old enough to be going into the Gulf Stream, quite frankly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line.
Il Papa, one of the most stone age.
You know, somebody said to me the other day, well, this is one of the most beloved popes.
I don't think so.
I think Pope John was the one that was beloved.
And the one that was like more progressive and more like, huh?
Well, it was poison.
No, no.
Oh.
That was John Paul.
Okay.
Was it it?
I don't know.
You better know your Pope.
I know.
Because you sure don't know.
I know this one.
What about the guy?
Now, who was it that played the Pope in Godfather 3?
Oh, it was.
There's a good actor.
He was in Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Don't tell me.
Oh, my God.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
Do a little Google there on Godfather 3, Josh, and see the cast who played whatever the Pope.
He's the one that died in this play.
He had a cup of tea and, ooh.
He sat and he died.
Croaked.
Bad, some bad stuff.
Maybe there was sorbitology.
I always kill and you did, but he maybe killed the Pope.
Yeah.
Now, Pope John, they're a little chubby fat one.
He was the popular one.
He had the Magnus Magna Cum Laudeus, all that crap.
How is it possible?
Seriously, stop and think about it.
People are so tremendously brainwashed and manipulated.
What you're doing to your kids is criminal, man.
It's a sin.
It's a sin.
Subjecting them to all this crap.
And then, of course, objecting them to be molested on top of it.
It just is a little extra bonus, no extra charge.
Now, isn't it interesting that before we croaked, he managed to probably not have to say it.
But to have one of his flunky say it yesterday about how terrible it was about what they were doing to Terry Shival.
And her death she was starved to death, and she was murdered.
It was murder, and stuff like that.
All of that stuff.
And, like I said, before many of the mafia people, they got like to full beer real and a whole thing,
the whole ceremony in the church, because they came up with a big box, you know.
That's what it's all about.
Right.
The big box.
And when you got like 8,000 child molestation cases, you got to pay off the passable of these people.
You got to have the big box.
The Pope has slipped his leg.
Yes, the Holy Pony of his God Nuts.
During the Pope's currency, I let the Pope use his hands.
The Pope has gone crazy.
Just check out these crazy prices right now.
A 1975 escorts $102,000.
A 73 Vega.
A 105,000 dollars.
A 74 Gremlin.
$107,000.
Right now is the best sign of being a deal with the Pope.
Because right now the Pope will make more money than ever.
Don't forget the Pope's iron clad guarantee.
Get the biggest price on any volume car or truck anywhere.
And the Pope will charge you at least $100,000 more for it.
GERETY!
The Pope's crazy use car.
Clear it.
On the way right now, the Pope's use car.
He just wants a big box like he said.
A little bit of that Reverend money.
Top of money.
Who does it?
Now here's the fact that says Pope John the 22 was the most beloved.
That's what I'm talking about.
Little Chubby John.
Pope John.
Then Paul the 6.
Then John Paul the 1st was the one I was poisoned.
And then John Paul the 2th is the one that just croaked.
That's the most recent Pope.
That's all a bunch of Pope.
So all string of them.
And of course throughout history there were some really interesting
Pope's.
You know.
But at any rate we don't want to confuse it with the facts.
Because the media will go through this whole thing.
And even though of course it's so typical of the arrogance of the Catholic Church,
the idea of the Pope always making speeches and telling America about what they ought to be doing about this
and telling the rest of the world about it.
As if all of a sudden everybody is under his thumb.
Well I guess we're not anymore.
But just the whole concept of that.
And even a whole lot of Catholics, especially the ones in Italy, are giving them the oldest Italian salute.
Like it's serious.
Get lost old man.
And by the way nice dress.
Nice outfit.
Oh here's Sky Miles O'Brien.
Active Godflight.
We do not have any independent verification of that.
And the last thing what you're looting to here is over the years we have sort of been told of these things in a very formal symbolic way in many ways.
I didn't like that.
What's her name?
Terry she died at 905 yesterday morning just before the show.
Remember I like when Hopper came on I was giving them the thumbs up, the heads up, the heads down.
And then the Pope dies right in the middle of the show.
See that?
Terry fell.
Well I hope you're listening baby.
Purple thinking winky's after your ass.
567.0560.
Tom 568.
Lyle's going to be calling in just before the end of the show to finally come dry.
I think especially with a Pope's passing, Lyle should go to confession right here on the year don't you?
Absolutely.
Full confession.
Come out of the closet, identify yourself.
Hold up your hand, be a real man.
Stop it all the anonymous V.S. Maddie.
I mean come on.
See the reason I'm thinking it's him is because Sarner is at least supposedly a salesperson.
So you would assume that he's got to be doing like maybe a few sales calls something at least putting on you know.
I don't think he's got as much time.
But Maddie of course, what is he going to do?
He's got to run the entire building.
Like I said W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes sir.
Is Australia on the pole?
Not yet, but it is now Australia.
Here's a guy that wants to go down under.
Good luck to you.
Come in to Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, I'm wearing an idea for the vacation and also on pole on the pole.
Yes sir, go ahead.
Oh I'm sorry, now you're doing it.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be sorry.
I think I'm wearing a place I wanted to bring up before with Dan Pageer.
Lyle will need that down in Belize.
Okay, Belize.
Belize is a dump but the danger was okay.
Okay, San Pedro.
Pedro.
San Pedro.
And also this John Paul that just passed away, the pontificus there.
John Paul the tooth.
Yeah, the good book that we read is your listeners is the Old Appeal Horse which the author
was eliminated last year on April this time frame for maybe put too much information
out here.
No matter what I see.
So that and also the crucifixion of truth.
So enjoy the book here in the end of the week.
Okay, I'll pray for it.
Thank you.
Conflicting reports among Italian meat about the post-condition.
Oh, is he here is talking about his cerebral activity?
But don't forget the part.
All right, a last year.
This is where it becomes very convenient to have a doctor on call and at the ready at all
times.
Dr. Gupta, so now we're going to be doing a brain dead.
Well, what's news about that?
Is that like a bulletin?
Seacing.
That's right.
Now let's do exactly right on this.
The EKG is actually monitoring your heart activity.
Whereas the EKG is monitoring the brain activity very different obviously not just in terms
of the organs that they're measuring in terms of the activity but also in terms of the
significance.
Now we don't want to hear nothing about the post organ.
Okay, that's the disrespectful five six seven oh five sixty high organ.
Pound.
It's a word.
It's a pound five sixty and a Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Back at you WQAM.
Hello.
Hi, you don't know the source like a minute.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you?
Okay.
You know, you and I, like the eye on a lot of things regarding the way this Pope has essentially
you know, stood his dog.
I don't agree with anything in terms of the social or even his religious implications.
But as a political leader, I got to give him this credit.
You know, he did show up in home the year after he was invested and he basically told
that government to go to hell and he got it here later for governors later doing it.
I mean, I think he was a cut to guy.
A cut to the leader in that regard.
Ballsy, had a big pair.
That's what they say.
And I mean, you got to, in that time, that's most of the post organ.
The party, he didn't get any stovah.
So did Hitler, you know, so did Hitler.
Right.
I mean, those guys didn't say boo about that stuff and he had to go up and hit him on your raw.
He had a big pair of two and they just all laid down for him.
That's what happens with the Pope.
Yeah, but I mean, he did have the stones to show up and basically tell the comments to go to hell.
I got him props for that.
Okay.
I mean, I disagree with that.
Props for props, okay?
Later.
Thank you.
Props for props.
Let's have some props.
Oh!
Look, there's any expression, man.
It just really just rubs my ass the wrong way.
That's it.
Props.
Oh, God.
Please.
Please.
Good call, oh, good guy, but just, you know, he just kind of like, let's armpits start twitching when I hear that.
But I have a big snowstorm here tonight.
I might to lay my flight tomorrow.
Yeah, it's like double digits.
It's pretty nice.
That's like in the 50s and it's going to be like Sunday in the 50s and maybe Monday and Tuesday.
But my luck, you know, the one day I'm maybe flying a little bit.
I'll just fly by arm is a little bit faster.
That's all.
Okay.
5607.0560.560.
Interfered to the wireless line.
We got Mohawar David to do that too.
Coming along.
Jim and it should for from a publics and Davy.
And in 655 we got the Marlins on deck.
Marlins at the Metz in Port St. Lucie at 710.80K.
The night.
Did a look at those nighttime numbers because quite frankly.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, man.
What's your question?
Yes, I got.
Yeah, sure we did.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, speaking.
I was just, I was calling to say that folks not dead.
They hit him with five shots, but he's still alive.
So you're having me.
Oh, okay.
I wasn't going to call before and ask if it would be inappropriate to play a little mad dog.
All right.
But I guess a little premature.
All right.
Well, he's working on it.
Okay.
Thanks for coming off the list.
We don't want any other people from down there moving.
I don't blame you.
I don't want to take to have a good time.
I don't want to take to have a good time.
I'm back to you.
Just a joke.
Just a little relax.
Okay.
The stay calm.
Cool.
Collected.
A lot of food coming in for you next week, Josh.
Conflicting reports among the attendant meeting.
Of course, this is what makes it all the more, makes the cheese more binding as they say.
And I'm like, oh, it's like a big mystery.
Is he dead?
Is he alive?
Is he, you know, right?
Oh, even in the windows.
Are they still sticking that angel with her pasta in that cheese?
And there's no, you know, that's the thing.
And of course, if he's seeing here, wouldn't this be something if it turns out that the one we put that he's brain dead?
Right.
Because that takes us right back to Terry again.
Oh, my God.
You see the way the Lord works?
Wow.
Brain dead.
He could qualify for management at QAM, Maddie.
I can't wait to see that little weasel, man.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to go around to building and seek him out because he won't show his face.
Sure he will.
They wrinkled up a little.
No, he won't.
Come right over and settle your life.
Oh, God, what a thought.
Man.
Because I remember once he saw me in a parking lot and he came very nervously, came over like, you know, and like, like, you know, he, I know that he hates me or which way it was.
I'm not really sure what it was.
And like, it's very strange.
Like, and I thought to myself, what kind of a conflict that we got?
One that I don't know about.
And that's because just like he talks behind my back.
And of course, I don't know why you keep seeing it doesn't hate you because the fact that he wasn't in position meaning.
I mean, if you don't understand it, the one I know has the idea of seeing.
Would you what?
Because he told me to my face that he likes me.
So what does that mean?
Why would he lie?
Get out of here.
Why would he lie?
How about if Greg told you to your face, he liked you.
Would you believe that?
He never has.
Why would he lie?
Oh, he said he liked you personally, Greg.
Yeah, why would he lie?
Why would he lie?
Why would somebody like that lie?
Okay.
Because he has nothing to gain.
Why would he lie?
Greg.
I don't know.
Think about it.
Okay.
Listen, I'm trying to tell you right now the one who calls the meeting.
That's the traitor right there.
Okay.
When I have a meeting and they call you in twice a minute to show and you thank you out to give an inquisition in the song of the dance to try to find an excuse to fire a little ass.
Don't give me a song of dance about how he likes you, okay?
Because he told it to your face.
Are you really that naive?
I know you better than that.
You're not that naive.
You've been eating.
I beg your pardon.
What makes you think he called the meeting?
What was he doing in the meeting?
What was he in their vote?
He was the one that went and running and was screaming about eating that we can't see on here anymore because the white lottery on you is always not for some brownie points.
Yeah.
Brownie Hound, man.
Not brownie points.
Brownie Hound.
Now you got Maddie Bell.
And don't you remember that little incident?
Who was it?
He was chasing around a building with a skirt on.
Who was that?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Uh-huh.
152 at 5.
60 W.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The Roger's Guide.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I don't know.
Fuck you.
You marriage.
You need a father to be caring.
For a child.
Open your eyes here so open the eyes here.
Open your eyes here so open the eyes here.
Open your eyes there so open the eyes.
Open your eyes here so open eyes here.
Open your eyes here so open eyes here.
Open your eyes here so open eyes.
That is just can you imagine that hiding behind the eminently eminently of a phony name?
I'll do that in Florida. We're in the world where you most want to live is our poll question 869 vote
Vegas 99 yeah, you'll be surprised New York 92 Costa Rica 85 Vancouver 75. I'm stood on 70 late
Tahoe 48 gonna be very busy out there Josh
Rome 48 San Francisco 44 Havana 43 San Diego 38 Toronto 36 Paris 33
Los Angeles
God
20 a beef of 20 Cologne Germany 15 Hawaii 11 Berlin 9
La Bipublica de Munecana is tied with Israel 8 send difference New Zealand 7 Trinidad and Tobago's got 6
Prog 6 Sacramento 4 Copa de Gintre Budapest 3 Ireland 2 Canary Islands, etc
Only one for our two for Florence
K1 new people mass Moe coming over next to Mad Dog and for this afternoon
