All right
It's up for Neil who's just crushing the competition
Yes, they've booked before I could once again
Nothing changes
Don't don't don't do it. That's a good thing
So you must be feeling pretty good today. I was told we have no crossover today because you have guessed interview at 10 o'clock or something like that
I had a couple minutes. No. Well, then who the hell's give me some information there
Josh I don't know. I don't speak to those people to what people any of them. Oh, that's good idea as little as possible
Yeah, that's the one good thing about these hours. You know, I'm out of here before the brass comes in
See I was in wood by yesterday had my blackberry and it like buzzed in my pocket and I picked it out of my pocket and I turned it on and it was
The email from death about the ratings. Yeah, and so I thought well, I'm losing a little bit here today
But I got this nice fat bonus coming so who else cares?
And I am you know them may emailed him back and I said I am the best
I want to do I am the greatest because that's already been taken. Yeah, somebody did that already plus I don't want to get like
Whatever he's got what is he got
He has a Parkinson syndrome. Yeah, and so did the Pope have that but he got a long time. Yeah
But the Pope didn't get hit in the face of 10,000 times
I have a great line for that but that would be the end of this
Oh, man, am I got a good line for that. I'm not trying to get rid of you honest. I didn't do that
Joyce your is on my sticker knows in a witsoda speak. Yeah, yeah
That bitch anyway, congratulations again. Yeah, you're starting to make a little move. Yeah, I saw that the way
I'm like a crypto clearance starting to come on in the stretch. Yep. I had two bad months and yeah
Well, the good part of it is next friend one of them is gonna drop out
Yeah, and last the last month I guess was all right
Yeah, and the best part of the deal is the other guys are doing basically nothing for all the big guts
Simists about them and all the annoys they make they're doing not much of anything. They kind of like sought their own level
Yeah, well, let's face it. I'm the only one that has any competition over there
Yeah, oh, that's for damn sure. Yeah
I see Daniel a bastard. I'm taking a poll today. What's out for a radio or TV personality you hate like poison the most
And we know it would be rush would the wind hands down but Daniel a bastard is a very respectable second place Danny boy
I shouldn't probably mention it though. Why not because he might do an art deal
Right in the hero building see one thing if you're gonna kill yourself
There wasn't a place where they're gonna get a lot of publicity
Yeah, well the only thing would have been better if he'd gone to like four six or seven or ten probably channel seven would have been good
Yeah, but they don't have deadlines
So yeah, they're true. They could have gone into channel seven. They could have put it on to your life knowing them
Oh, man, yeah, that's a terrible story and it's
And I apparently it was an article in new times that pushed them over the edge really yeah
Yes, I'll be damned. Yeah, the cover story. I think the headline on the cover is
Sleeze and corruption Arthur Teal
That would do it for me how about Jim DeFeedy getting fired you see that oh, it didn't really probably too fat
Not for the hero to maybe told the truth so much when he said the paper used to be great
They finally got around the reading it. Here's what happened
About 90 minutes before he killed himself Arthur Teal called Jim DeFeedy killed himself. No, we part of the deal
Yeah, called DeFeedy right and DeFeedy recorded parts of the conversation. Yeah without
permission from Teal or without telling him he was recording it
Mm-hmm, and that's against the law and right at DeFeedy according to the story went to his editors and told them what happened
Assuming that he was probably looking at a suspension. I guess he really worked here and
They said they fired him. They said they had to fire him because he was in violation of the law
Well, we know the hero would certainly never
Filate the law. No, it's been you know, I mean, that's the paper that you know hit out and Gary Hart's bushes
Right
What would Gary what was his name a Tom Fieber and is the yellow trench coat, right?
But you know something it's it's been a tough year for newspapers
Well all I can tell you is the dumbing down of America makes newspapers gonna superfluous now
Most people don't read a newspaper
Remember that golden days in New York when I even in Miami when he had the Miami news
That was pretty good newspaper hey New York used to have a 15 paper right exactly every city had like a whole bunch of newspapers
And now how many are left in the York you got the news day you got the times you got the post and the daily news what else?
I think there's one other
But that's it four or five you stay 15. Yep pretty sad. Yes, it is
But then we are some and then we're some really good newspapers
I mean the Harold tribune was a tremendous right the the world telegram the journal. There was the news in the mirror
Mm-hmm. There was the probably things
All of these things right long gone
Well, it's a different era man and different era just hit back a watch the bubbleheads
Hyperventilate on TV solely that O'Brien and Ricky Tiggy Sanchez and that's
That's news in America. That's why you got a moron for president
That's why all these people are getting killed and nobody cares because we got to worry about which your bubble hit is missing in a
Ruba and which one is missing on our honeymoon and all this other crap
How about the story I'm missing the one away right of course. How about the story with a jab doesn't remember any details of
The Supreme Port nominee coming down here to help resolve the election right and then I have an article on our websites
I think yesterday or today about how his
His role in that Robert's role and that was much greater than it was here for 10 days
Yeah him and James Baker the turd who now is the attorney for the Saudis
You know who got sued for 9-11 well some a guy named Cruz from Texas who was involved
There's a guy who blew the whistle on a whole thing and Jeb comes back and says why don't you recollection of that?
Yeah, well, maybe he was sharing some of a noelle's stash
Maybe it's affecting his mind. Yeah, no seriously
I said a few weeks ago when he was starting to think again about Terry Shival when he wouldn't let it die
So to speak and then he got to be Baker acted. I think he's losing it
I don't understand how anybody why he's still so popular in Florida how anybody no matter where their political strife can support him
He's a maniac
I don't know if you hold on for this you voted for the bullet train forget about it
You voted for the slots and proud forget about it. You voted for classroom
Resize reduction forget about do whatever I want. Yep, it's a crazy person. It's a dictator. Yeah
Seems to go around in that family
Anyway, I
Know I don't want to step on your interviews now who are you gonna be interviewing anybody?
I'm doing a thing about more marino for next Friday and I'm putting together a bunch of interviews
Yeah, since he's going into all the fame next weekend. Well, I sure hope you have Eddie Pope on that boy
He's pretty tight as a matter of fact. I am interviewing at the city. I told you there's the man you want to go to
Yeah, I miss Eddie in the past. He has seen parts of Dan marino that even his wife hasn't seen
That's what I hear. That's how tight those two are. I'll ask him about that. Yeah, I asked him if they ever shower together like on a weekend
I don't know where they'll go there
Where are the showers of the question? Well listen have a great whatever out because I'm going on vacation now
Oh my gosh, yeah, you have the life. Yes, they do. I'll be back. Let's see Tuesday August 9th
So mark it down on your wrist and you got some pretty nice stuff coming up then I'll be going away Vegas and Del Marr and yeah
That's after you get back. Yeah, well have a great vacation. Where are you going Germany? Oh?
Terrific. Where I'm gonna go get some real bratwurst. I'm going to Berlin and Frankfurt. I love Berlin
Yeah, I do too. I've been there many times. Frankfurt. I've never been to but I hear it's pretty interesting
Beautiful to terrific city. You've been there. Yes, I have I'm going to get the CD old sour crouts
Okay, well have fun and I might actually take a few German lessons too
You can't you can never learn too much German away this raise you miss going in the US now
I was gonna teach you a couple of key German phrases, but Joyce might be listening. Yeah, well
I think German and Yiddish there's a pretty strong crossover
So I think I might know what they are. I know how to say it hits the fan in German
Have a great time. Hey, you have a good day and a good trip. Thanks. See you
Yeah, he's gonna eat like
10 away to 560 WDQM. Happy Thursday July 28th man
I want to tell you I know it's an old pre-shape with this month just when zooming by I just can't get over it
It really huh?
Everybody tells me the same thing what happened to it? It just flew by
Just like my vacation's gonna fly by and then you'll find that it'll be like a little over a month to the summer of
Skame I got going and that'll fly by and then I'll be back to that five-day week thing. Oh, right. No way
Way no way or hey, that's bad
Okay, we just extend my contract 10 years till I croak and then just stay with the two of them Thursday sounds good
Works out well for me
Anyway, thanks to all the people out there that supported us nicely. It's like an electionist right in our audience is
Finally getting the message is really learning big time now their loyal and I just like the Julio is with their
Radio Mambe and their other Renault speaking English the old green tutulios
Well our people are starting to get really militant and it's a good thing don't stop now
Yes, don't stop now listen six hours a day to our show every day
And that'd be a good idea like a nine till whatever some of that some mo somebody you want everybody and
The other guys over there now air america's making a little bit of a move
But the best part of that deal is that looks like most of their audience is coming from I.O.D
Boy how the mighty have fallen rush at 11.30
Duff is gonna come over running there. Hey, duh you fairy and she's gonna have the
Hourlies the hour by hour so we can really get the lowdown because this is all great
You know we appreciate the bonus and be number one by a mile, but we'll find out just exactly who's naughty and nice
We'll find out if the big O is really rock solid at six to seven hour
Then we'll see if the Humper is making some inroads there Hank feet to Joe Rose. That's a pretty good banneler
In the month of June and overall
I think Joe had like a two six in June and Hank had a four in men that is correct
Am I right? What a mammary huh? I got a good memory for stuff. That's totally unimportant
What was I starting to say though?
You were saying we're number one
Oh, I was saying that they're not doing much those guys over there
And that's why I was so embarrassing in humiliation. I still I feel
Unclean I
Have to get some extra zest body wash and share it all over myself about that thing over the pole that they took in the Sun
Settle that we wimped out on who we still I still can't
Who's the season that was one we have to be accurate is the two five for waxing okay?
Sorry not a two six wrong exaggerating. I always liked you anyway
But that thing where we wimped out and they took that newspaper pole and we let them get about
Yeah, all the people at the Harold including even our tea. I think I've played it on the two times before he blew his brains out
For Dan La Bastard as a matter of fact
It's really interesting that pull we're taking today
Which I'll get to momentarily but Dan La Bastard
They hate you like poison and rightfully so too, man
He is one of the biggest ice holes that ever came down the pike. He's a real jerk
And in fact that the booster is
Concerning with him that that just seems like such an unlikely duo, you know?
Well, you know, you got to do what you got to do you got to do what you got to do or you got to do it
I don't understand that I thought that boog had better taste in human beings than that
Just your co-worker you know, huh? You got to support your co-workers
No, I'm to before that that he's the one that got the boog to go over there. Oh, I don't know about that
I don't care what Josh Cordis said that wasn't the right move that wasn't the smart move being the voice of the Amarlands on TV for like the next 20 years
That would have been that would have been a good thing especially if they get the new stadium
See short term money. That's what Josh is judging by because he's a schlepper and he's a little punk and so you know
We're doing that two nickels to rub together. That's why when he gets that check you rushes to the bank and catches it right away before I change my right
They're at the middle of the show. Yeah, but he doesn't understand that short term monetary gains is opposed to long term career goals
Which is kind of a flower we have put in something like a pile of crap to me. Sure. That's not the way to go a
Well as I told you they offered him a one-year contract
Who did Marlins Marlins well if you've got if you have confidence in yourself and you know
You're gonna do a fine job which he does. He's an excellent play by play guy. He shouldn't have had to worry about that
How many years do you think guilty got on the up answer deal and I got news for who do who are we more certain is
But it would have done a fantastic job boog or guilty. I mean, you know
Huh? Yeah, it would be boog
Oh, here's one today's pool Lonnie Quinn whose Lonnie Quinn. It's his line. He's a weather fairy
Oh the weather fairy we got so many weather fairies and so little time
That is bad. We don't need any more weather for his course one. He won't be he'll be occupied for a while
And I can't imagine doing one for that. Well, maybe I can't 10 13 and 5 60 W QA and we got all the ratings
I got a huge pile man. I am really psyched about because we only got three hours and 47 minutes for who's counting
We got the mole nice to read to
The grapevine came in and concerted with George 30 and the show yesterday
Bonding with a mole man and if you're from that pool today
Thanks to thanks to Wilka Brian. He liked
Moong up to moh. See he probably thought that they would give him a lot of votes for hate out here
No hate him no moh. We wouldn't have had all those bits. He's the inspiration great right?
Great right. Yeah, he finally took him all these years to try to finally figure it out
Mad Dog is for 6 30 Marlins on deck. They won a game last night a lot of rain delay, but nevertheless
Pirates at the Marlins 7 0 5 tonight. That's the rubber game
Is that correct that it's serious because the nets come to town and then any K follows the baseball game
That's our award-winning lineup at QAM
We're tended to we're kicking some big fat smelly pimpley ass
10 13 I think
Youremplars to make me
Know
Up and down inside and out you better get your mids off the march and ice now
I got nothing to lose and my virginity was a give me back my thank you. Oh sure
You will show you who's the boss. Let's get back to the safe to be a sport
I'll have you.
Funny past and can't wait till hockey season I'm gonna come rushing in here and crank up the audio so I can hear those Panther games
You believe me? No, maybe like five minutes of it
Here's the facts from somebody who says hey me along the Schmitty QAM website the station schedule still has last week schedule
Out those ice holes a week behind all the time. What a joke. Yes, they are of course
They got that power 96 thing that they're doing down the hall with generally even though what that is
No, what is it they're like cranking up? They got a rooster coming into like rub its legs together make the signal stronger. I have no idea
I see the power 96 hamster has got some HD. I don't know what that's all about. Oh, the real digital thing that thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is that HD digital baby?
So what is that? I know it's HD digital radio
Okay, if you have an HD digital radio it'll make
How many people in the world have one?
Yeah, it'll make our station sound like FM
But that's power 96. Yeah, it'll make it sound better. Oh, I see and we'll be there eventually, too
We also are AM stereo aren't we? No, but we are digital. I beg your pardon. We are digital for no good reason
We are digital we are but nobody can hear us in digital because nobody's got one of those receivers, right?
Right. My point. That's pretty impressive. We can't stay on the air and we can't keep the stuff working most of the time
But other than that we are digital baby. Let's hear it. Hey, that's why we're number one at least in mid days anyway
Well, we got some work to do some of the other day parts
We'll find out at 1130 who's nodding a nice who's really got the big number in there
Not that I want to gloat, but it's just see this worked out great because today's my last show for a couple weeks before that vacation and
And you know, it's nice to go out with a big number in there and a little bonus check all this other stuff as opposed to oh
Geez, we really sucked that thing remember when boy Gary would come in when we had a band trend. Oh, we suck
You know, as opposed to just come in saying well, we got hoes
We got a bad trend where nobody is speaking in English ethnic diary. Yeah, I'm excuse. Oh, we suck
And I was used to think well speak for yourself Gary although I know Hank was very fond of him
Yeah
Very good. I'm loosing give him a good old and Gary Bruce one idiot
880 votes on Georgia's podiums today. What is the worst ethnic group you can be born into? Oh, and that goes to show
It's a good good thinking there because life is more look at the draw that anything else. I know it's easy to say
Wow, you got to put yourself up by your bootstraps and you're right
Where you're born who you're born into and all of that that's what it's all about
That's about 90% of life 95 99% right right? I mean like if you're born in
I mean want to say it Africa
I didn't say that I did
Worst ethnic grouping we were into Arabic Muslim 23 now see again
That goes to show the current hostility that simmering out there against these schmata heads the rag heads
Who like that can't stand them and it's of course the year entitled
Because all these terrorists who in especially the IRA now in the NU cases at for the saffron
Which is what about 37 minutes away? It'll be for the afternoon their time
There are five hours ahead at four o'clock this afternoon. They're laying down their arms the cordettes are singing on cadence records lay down your arms
See that's for book of Brian
All those old parts you know we seriously shouldn't there be like an old parts radio retirement home
Where all of us can go like kind of like what was that movie cocoon with Donna Michi and who is our carny?
He was another old radio cruise you know cousin Bruce you can go there. You're disgusting
You're disgusting and mole could be there going
Anyway Arabic Muslim 233 that'd be bad black American
193 now what is black American is opposed to African American? Well, that's what I meant by that no black African immigrant 64
I see you've got so many blood categories on here
Why don't you just say it's bad to be born black and it's an excellent point in this racist world in which we live but some blacks
Or have a harder time to know this via that's what I hear
Black African immigrant 64 black Caribbean Islander 62 oh no, but it's a good machine mine. Yeah
It's how good my I don't want to get started. I could so easily say something right here, but I'm not gonna do it
There was a woman sitting by me. Oh, man
Whoo
See it's one thing if you don't bathe, but if you don't wash your clothes and so another way if you're sweater or you go together
If your clothing stinks like you just were laying in a septic tank for a few hours
It's probably not a good idea to go out in cubic
African 58 Jewish 58
I want to be more in Jewish because everybody hates the Jews Central American Indian 37
Northern American Indian 32 female 27. He had a poor abused woman
black Hispanic 27
Which we only see those people coming from the Merrill boat lift French 25 South American Indian 20
Eskimos slash in you with 17
White Hispanic 17
Why is that I don't know I was complaining about that. What's so wrong about that?
Yeah, I have an accent you can probably just don't like you because you know speaking ways
See Vietnam is five Japanese three in Chinese two so everybody likes those ease if it ends in ease
It's okay, but if it's like other especially dark the darker you get the more problems you got
I think that's probably true
Can better save the art deal sir. Let's hear today's pool
Huh?
Well, and I'm glad I told you about the gym to feed you thing because I noticed I missed that this morning a very bad job by me
I missed it was like of course the Harold website soft soap that anyway
That things that really ought to be given greater importance are like little tiny
Like the thing about the slots remember I kept asking you what happened to the brown thing
Right, and I had to do like 80 million hours of research to find the story about that about how they like said well
We'll have a special session of legends like you this fall and the yeah, and they overrule judge a mole
Mo
Here's our pool today, and of course since South Florida is the land of hate
Which is one of the reasons that so many people are bailing out?
A lot of people are coming in but they won't be there long
What South Florida radio or TV personality do you hate like poison the most and the reason I put the most is because you can
A whole bunch of us but more than anybody
And this could be somebody who either broadcast there or like rush who is you know, syndicated makes no difference this time
215 votes rush is very so and they hate you rush you pill popping hypocrite phone
Rick Sands has 25 damn a bastard 24 right on Ricky's ass
Touch Smith 15 George has got 15 you tired with Todd mr. Ego Steve came 13
We got that disgusting diversity board my ass
Maybe you could look with Marty Rubensfield. I'm gonna stop calling mr. Ego mr. homophobic
See because if you're gonna if you're gonna suddenly turn into a right wing fanatical Christian born again lunatic
You gotta that that's gotta be the centerpiece of your existence as being a homophobic so that's mr. homophobic
Steve came 13 spiel keys array 10 mohauer David is only got nine
Neil Rogers seven. That's why you're listening right now. Hey Goldberg six y'all need to
Lonnie Quinn one and 26 or one. I
Don't hate Tony's just a silly. He's like a silly person. I don't like silly people doing the news, you know
No, I don't
27 after 10 at 560 like Camberl Martian member him on channel six Campbell wears the sports guy
He was a good guy and now all of a sudden he was a news guy kind of like Tony cigarette. Oh for years
See God's punishing me
ABC news special report one of the most consequential decisions the president makes is his appointment
But justice to the Supreme Court and so a nominee to that court must be a person of superb credentials and the highest integrity
I have found such a person in judge John Roberts my decision to nominate judge Roberts to the Supreme Court came after a thorough and
Deliberty process conducted with fairness and civility
Judge Roberts thank you for agreeing to serve and congratulations
This has been a presentation of ABC news
Helper here at two o'clock to prove it with the Bill scourge great aunt Gladys as
As a special celebrity guest on the phone 1032 at 560 what we need a lot of those Chuck Meyer
Foner's man that's what we need those phone interviews that should put us away over the top a lot of work went into that show not on this show though
Former city can I probably left some names off the pool before I do the art heel business and the gym to feed business
Thanks to the hopper for the heads up on gym to feedie. Won't see him no more
How come he didn't blow him by that would have been a real mess if he to blow himself up at the arrow?
Nobody cute. I am hello. Neil. Yes sir. First and foremost the sandstorm gave you
I beg your pardon the sandstorm gave you no
I got a little storm was in Florida not in Toronto. No, I got a vote for your phone. Yeah, stand in the sausage
Am I ever gonna learn or what no huh? No, I got the art heel stuff. We got
Huge probably that's a more dead people in Iraq although things are going incredibly well
that's right and
We got to get some more names on here. How about some names that are already on the pool pal? That would be good
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 all humor them will take a few of these and it's not mandatory
But I guess just for the hell of it to 11 30 anyway when we get all that all that research all those numbers hour by hour shower of power
And a lot of good stuff. What would be great? Oh?
Climb and Marley's I think he has will find out with the hourlies
But looks like scare America maybe Al Franken is kicking rushes ass a little bit give him a little spanking
Huh?
We'd like to be spanking again. Spanking from Al Franken now
from Lampere WQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I know you know you're about ready to get into the RTO situation
What can I just put my two cents in sure go ahead?
The guy who's a big scumbag okay? I can't say that
Now this this caller probably is chicken is head thinking you can't say that on the not on the station
That's what Joyce's in fact. I hope you also because I'm not really sure. Yeah, whatever. Oh, yeah, I can't say that
For no good reason but no for absolutely no good reason there's nothing wrong with it
It's just determining and now if you just said dirt bag that would have been fine, but we can't right so we have to move on
And I agree with that I agree with what he said I got was
Whatever a bag of it
To watch it w. I am hello
Q. I am
O rally and
I forgot he was on the air so that's right so everybody else and who's the other one?
Al Franklin now Franklin okay Al Franklin
Ben's brother Al Franken and Bill O'Reilly
I wonder if Bill O'Reilly broke that oh point oh he's had the consistently since he came on here and talked for
I don't even know what station is I'll look I think he's on the same station as Norma can
I believe on that 850 on the FTL the light light bulb junior whatever that thing is all right
Oh, look the one where I don't know. What's the day part for him?
The gay part. Yeah, I don't know
Like dumb by the way, huh?
That didn't get dumped by the way and I hit it and you hit it
It did not it got wonderful. Oh, didn't well. How's that possible? I don't know
Let's test it again
No, no seriously how's that possible?
All three of us hit it and you tell me that
I had to dodge it but two of us two out of three, but still that's should be what one out of three should be enough
Yeah, one one should work
Having been told that I'm not gonna take any more calls until we get to
No, I'm not I know
I'm not gonna say it in words. It's not the last day before vacation fighting out. Oh, I guess what we got some kind and isn't that interesting
We're we just talking about our crack engineering staff and about how great everything works not and the yada yada yada
Where we just talking about that? Yeah
Wow, that is a real kick in the head now. How did you find out who told you that? Uh, Doug Pott is that answer me?
really
Now we're gonna have to do this test again
How is that possible? Maybe it's just working sometimes and not
both of them
I'm gonna do it right now, okay? Because then I have no idea. I'm gonna do it again in case
Stuff is that a monitor he's got a hundred years ago. Let's hit him go to the bar for that
That we're gonna have to dump the freight the dumps phrase will be no. No. No. I don't forget
Really says you good idea because otherwise you need an identifier for them to listen to something that he's gonna be one the red fish sales at midnight
Don't okay the red fish sales at midnight. I'm hitting mine now all right
Now we're just gonna see if that one works. No, okay now if we wait about seven eight ten minutes
We'll find out we got away we got wait 30 seconds for them to hear if it's something how many seconds
He said it worked that time. I see. Well, how could it not have worked the other time?
All just one of those yada yada here. Duff. I think you're a fun. And uh, so okay starting like hyperventilating hallucinities from all those months working on this
Turn show monitoring the every other word
I think it's random
It's random. Yeah, I think it's like a lot. Well, so uh, so what does that mean?
So we do know we got a random or best. That's nice. We do our best that we move the dump button was out taking it dump
Yeah, I must be maybe the engineers were out taking a dump. That sounds more likely to me
Because if any place is referred to as a dump let's see brine and pop it a meetsis
I saw only part of the documentary called Bush's Brain on the Sundance Channel 2 tonight
Don't know if you're here any listeners seen or know about this
It's about Carl Roe and the rule he played in getting deputy in the presidency and from the little bit
I saw for some good insight which people may not be aware of about Carl Roe
Hey Carl you fairy they have a website bushbrain.bushesbrain.com would like to hear your comments
Or from listeners of anyone's you know you have brine. We've but I had some calls on it. I haven't seen it though
I haven't seen the world occurring to bush on our website. It is I saw it on the cbc
And you want to see it too, but I'm afraid most people aren't gonna watch it because most people are lazy
Anyway former city commissioner Arthur E. Teo Jr. recently indebted on corruption charges
died
After shooting stuff in the lobby the herald building. Yeah yesterday
for he said
Miami police said teo walked into the herald building round six oh five last night shot himself in the head with a semi-automatic handgun
Emergency personnel respired transported teo to writer trauma center rejects memorial where he was pronounced dead at 750 rescue workers
To a channel six that's he'll had two wounds in the back of his head
Why would you shoot yourself in the back of the head?
No, he put all his mouth into oh twice. Oh, is that what it is? That's what he did apparently he thought he missed the first time
Oh
I'm June 14 teo surrendered to federal authorities and did county after grand jury indebted him on multiple counts of fraud and money laundering charges
Chief John Timonny
Oh, and you know what that reminds me of the thing that would just happen if I interrupt with the dump remember the day we had the
The chamba guy and then I dumped it and somebody called and said what are you gonna do?
That you have to kill that guy. Yeah, this thing is working in her meat and intermitterly okay, right?
So maybe before I come back and do my next show on Tuesday the 9th of august
Maybe somebody in that place auto like check whose the naughty and nice
You crazy people you
I'm June 14 teo surrendered to federal authorities in Dave County after grand jury indebted him on multiple counts of fraud money laundering charges
Chief John Timonny Timonny who responded to scene said the man was very distraught as to speak to a reporter as security guards
9-1-1 the man by being he said just come my wife I levered and then he shot himself once in the head with a semi automatic handgun
Well, he only shot himself once in the head then how could there be two wounds in the back of his head maybe with a magic bullet
I see maybe Arlen Specter had something to do with it, huh
Channel six reported the teo wanted her herald columnist Jim DeFeedy to speak to his wife
Irby McKnight a political activist and overtime expressed little surprise at our teo's actions
I'm not talking about this at all he had in the people in the community have shown little surprise
It's a tragedy every time like something like this happens, but again. He's got a lot of baggage in December
Dave prostitutes filed 10 robbery charges against he was accused in that case of taking
135 grand in kickbacks from a businessman whose construction company one look at a contract to refurbish impoverished my mean neighborhoods
He was scheduled for trial in October
His troubles with a subject of numerous media reports especially in the herald
Marvin done a professor of psychology at FIU said teo was sending a message likely to the herald and the media
The act was assigned to someone who was in pain done said our teo's been invisible and isolated for a while
Marvin said it's tragic if I don't especially get along with him
But I'm sad and feel badly for his family. How do you like that?
David Alonzo who works on the sixth floor of the herald building and sales marketing said all of a sudden the fire alarms went off
Over the loudspeaker they announced that the lobby was totally closed for the rest of the life, but I'm big
And Jim defeating it's fire thanks Hank. We'll get to that and of course more dead people in a rack stuff like that
I'm I'm deeply concerned. I mean gravely concerned about this square yellow problem we have you know, I'm not talking about nothing Chinese
We have a square yellow problem a little square thing
Aren't you a little bit concerned about that especially since you're the one that's on the hookah for next
Several days mister. I I would bang that thing until from now until the cows come home a pallid silly
Yeah, well the good part of it is we got this 45 hour delay so you know
That is so absolutely unprofessional and unacceptable too. Maybe we need to get duck back in the control room not
You know manning it. That's a good idea. Hey, you know something you finally hit the jackpot
Get the duck myster in there with that headset on and sitting on the edge of her seat and just
Hyperventilating. Oh, wouldn't that be a sight? You're fairy. What's Gary doing tonight and crying minds? What's in there?
That's why inquiring nice read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space
He's Paul a hawker the true mother of the elephant man
John Kennedy sleeping with Max
It's in the hero is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry Paul Bell baby
sex sex sex more hot
Oh
Amazing right style from far to a proper puzzle that has no answers our own Pulitzer
Pricers just for us
I'll tell you letters to Neil Roger and we're so sorry uncle Albert but we never would have bloody thing all day
mindless badly rhetoric
So by me her old available at supermarkets check out counters everywhere and we're finally to a risk friend
What am I always told you the herald is a killer man?
It's a scar teal. He'll tell you why he might have told you
Metro columnist Jim de Fidi said he take the phone conversation with RTL hours before the policies and shot himself and
Executors say they fired him because taping is illegal without consent. How do you like that?
Okay, you love breaking lunatics over there
The hero fired columnist Jim de Fidi yesterday because he taped courted a phone conversation with RTL
Junior without his knowledge both publisher
Hazel's D. S. Jr. and executive editor Tom yellow trench coat feedler said they fired the popular mentor writer
Because it's illegal for anyone to take a conversation with another person without the individuals consent in Florida
The feedie told them that during his interview with Tilly turned out a tape machine to record his conversation as the
Politician can find out in him about his public corruption charges the answer problems other sensitive issues
According to Diaz at one point till told the comments he was not speaking on the record
But the feedie continued to record him anyway without his knowledge Diaz said
Never trust the fat man. I'm sorry right now
That includes me
Diaz said the hero had no choice but to dismiss the feedie because his conduct was potentially a felony crime and unethical
Let me say it again unethical
With all of our sources we have to treat them with respect and dignity Diaz said I don't think we did that in this situation
The public's trust is at stake as a result of the public's trust my ass
That is the result of Jim's actions Diaz said we have to make sure that the public understands that trust is the most important value
That the community bestows upon us right
I think that 99% of people in date and brown would not trust you as far as they get sure you whatever you're hezuse
Feeder who was in San Jose at the health parent company that writer said the decision to fire to feed you was difficult
Jim has been a strong and valued and fat voice that they are and is departure will leave a significant void
Feeder said a statement
I'm personally heart sick about this
But we must hold ourselves to the highest standard of integrity if we're to maintain the trust of our readers and those with whom we deal
Those with whom we deal
Hero editors decided not to publish the feedies column based on his interviews with teal because it was obtained under
Possibly illegal circumstances
The feedie hero columnist since June of 2002 would previously work that Miami new times
Stung colleagues with the news of his firing as editors were editing the final teal stories for today's paper
As teal was becoming unglued on the phone
I turned on the tape recorder because I could tell he was distraught and bouncing off the walls the feedie told more than doesn't
In the newsroom I made an illegal tape in the company to send a fireman my ass
The feedie who didn't want to comment further issued a prepared statement in a tense situation
I made a mistake
He said the hero executives only learned about it because I came to them and admitted it
I told them I was willing to accept his suspension and apologize both to the newsroom and our readers
Unfortunately, the hero decided on the death penalty instead
The feedie had to cover teal for more than a decade when teal was arrested for allegedly threatening under cover police officers
Retailing him in his wife the feedie wrote a comm saying the charges had never been filed
And a part of his is a surgery. I do like that
So part teal is dead gym the feedie is fired and all of this crap
Fricksef the monotony of the summertime. I'll say that. I'll say that. Yeah
Here's what we got on our poll so far
278 votes
What sound flow to radio or TV personality you hate like poison the most
Rarsalim ball 116 nobody's gonna touch that
a tub of lard
Rick Sanchez 33 Dan LeBaster 28 little Georgia Rodriguez 21
They hate you, but that's not too bad actually and you're thinking you're gonna win no chance eventually
No touch net 18 Steve K. 15 Mr. homophobia
Spooky's nirate 12 Moe Howard David and Hank and I are all tied with Yine. How do you like that?
Yeldy four 20 cigarette 03 and Lonnie Quinn's got one another weather you very
560 505 60 calm 560 and the Verizon singular promise lines because I know we're leaving many names off of there
WCYM hello
Q I M
Moving right along
homophobia
Turn that radio off yes
Okay, all right Neil yeah
Just a little quick I was watching the TV last time when they were discussing this whole queue business
Yeah, and they were showing it was the same thing like the old OJ syndrome where they were
Eulogizing him and glorifying him and I just don't understand this this whole culture of
Going around the slime balls
What is that crap?
You know there were such great public servants, but they were crux they were
Exactly, crux are murderers in OJ's case or
Simul steley exactly
So how do they get away with that nonsense
Just
Not like that I'm probably television and you know there a bunch of ass kisses basically everybody wants to be Larry King
They want to purse their lips and kiss everybody's ass. Don't you understand it?
Everybody kissy kissy there the only one that they didn't want to kiss his ass was Bill Clinton
That's because he was getting in the oral office, you know
There was a special thing and they knew that that old man here
They was audience out there be just following it the month about that
And so they just all piled right out of that
But everybody else including this Nazi we got in there right now
So why should come as any surprise to you, huh?
Whether it's a here mind during rumsfeld or Carl rove or any of these people the meeting just sucky sucky licky
That's what it's all about
Just like Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN there a couple weeks ago talking about that digtini told him that guantanamo is like a tropical terrorize
It's heaven there one of the these bastards these terrorists complaining about right
If you believe the media man, you're you got some real tourists come out say that right now
WDQ a.m. Hello
Great
Man he was corrupt and he was a piece of a piece of turd, but I'll tell you what you know
At least you didn't throw the race card out there. I got you got to give him that much
Right, I mean like OJ and Olaf Haunt and all that. I mean he didn't even try that. I thought that was
Right, I like the jessie jation comes down to the heroine starts this story. I'm gonna about you'll see one won't be long
On the a in the far as two holes and I think one hole was already there probably
Have a great day pali
No, that's a good line
That's a great line
Got like our general manager hole in the head
Is now what they call him hole in the head Greg
Everybody'd like to get a hole in one a roadside bombing killed four American soldiers in southwestern bag
Great and 16 Iraqi government workers died in the halloween fire as they left for work on the western engine the capital and
Six more Iraqi soldiers were killed in clandestine with insurgents in two towns in the north of Baghdad today security sources said there's dying over there
Uh, Iraq's transitional prime minister called yesterday for a speedy withdrawal of US troops and the top US commander city
Believe they fairly substantial pull-out could begin next spring and summer
Prime Minister ibrahim al-Jafar said and joined news conference with the defense secretary Donald Hermann during rumsville and you noticed that rumsville's middle initial is H
Right
Donald Hermann during rumsville there you go
At the time as arrived to plan a coordinated transition from our American to a raki military control throughout the country and get all our soldiers out of their
While they're still alive and maybe in two or three pieces for crying out loud before it's too late
And then of course once we pull all our soldiers out is going to be civil war in a real blood bath and we'll say wow
But it'll be put about now we got like almost 1800 dead American soldiers
And if you look at the whole of coalition of the unwilling you got like about 2000
I think we got to get like another thousand at least before we can finally pull them all out and say we did our best
Just pathetic and the public since back but it'd be
Like that just like that lemmings goofballs idiots
And what did i tell you about the human sacrifice thing with NASA huh this space shuttle crack spending billions of your taxpayer dollars
accomplishing very very little and like i said most of these scientific knowledge we get is from unmanned space travel but nevertheless
Uh, and here we go with a foam again and the uh the
Tiles and but I'm eeping it well there's no problem just a big hole in the side of the shuttle
Yeah, you saw that thing didn't look to do it
That's fine
But anybody get on a plane that had a hole inside that looked like that well only if it was value jet I see
What's this stuff you're faxing me here?
conspiracy theory alert
Just read the article from the Sun Central on your website could be a problem here was supposed to be a suicide
excerpt from the uh, yeah article emergency personnel transported teal the writer trauma center with
Jackson Memorial Hospital where his pronounce that at 7 p.m
Rest you work. I just read this two wounds in the back of his head the previous paragraph said he said
Just tell my wife i lover and then shot himself once in the head with a semi-automatic handgun police said
Just seems strange that a suicide guy shot himself twice in the back of the head
Well, no, that was those were exit wounds, but don't people shoot once in the temple mouth side of the head
Maybe he was running to the elevator and somebody shot him
Maybe somebody was chasing in there at the heralds. What do you think?
Just like with Kennedy would you have cable they're going to make the exit wounds and entrance wounds or vice-versae
See see how they do it. Mm-hmm
I think it calls for like scoll in yard
You can't tell me about that bombing and terrorist crap. Okay. They should be used to it with all the RRA bombing
It's been going on over there for years, but we'll end in three minutes. So they say do we believe him? No
Well, the Northern Ireland man, they're pretty milling and then just a couple weeks ago
I forgot to talk about we had the uh or Protestant marching days
Speaking of
Protestant marching days as we put on our orange outfits and run through your neighborhood to see how much who can get most pissed off
Any questions?
Scary
We'll find you again and take your life in the way of life.
That's the role I know to be your virtue, my boy.
Or I could have my rage go through this story.
Don't shut those dick those mouths.
I'm not in the right place.
Except for my house cleared, the open act.
You may go through the road.
Yeah, you can't say that.
Whatever it is, you want to say it?
Can't do it no more.
It's 1103.
It's speaking of Moe.
He'll be here at two, man, dog at four.
Marlon's baseball stuff later on.
Later on.
Speaking of Iraq, most important story, probably of the century.
And the reason I think a lot of people are checking this out on our website is they see the headlines.
It says Simpson upset about missing Iraq footage.
Ron Simpson.
When you think that most of them assume there will be OJ.
Yeah, but who cares?
Because he's an anti-violence kind of guy.
I got to know J. Stewart a little bit later on about that if the direct TV business, but we'll get to him.
He's small potatoes.
This is Jessica Simpson, a real intellect.
She wants to know we're missing footage of her and her husband, Nicholas Shays,
heroin trip to Iraq got to because she thinks Americans would like to see just how bad conditions are there.
The pop singers turn to their...
By the way, Duff, no problem.
I'll leave the key, even though the problem is down there as usual.
Because if your thing is malfunctioning, then what the hell is it got to do with here?
But no problem. It'll make you feel better.
The pop singers turned around the TV couple traveling to the war tour nation to visit US troops
as part of a recent ABC TV variety special and they were rock-lifed shell-shock by what they saw.
Oh my God.
But all the controversial moments in heroin footage of the trip didn't appear in the fun-filled TV show.
Jessica Simpson says it was unbelievable.
They didn't show a lot of what really went on with the enemy attacks and the shelling.
There was so much stuff that went on and somehow the tapes mysteriously got misplaced.
It put everything in perspective for me.
It really did teach me the definition of sacrifice.
I can't even fathom being out there right now.
I was ready to come home immediately if not soon.
So Jessica Simpson, how do you like that?
The tapes mysteriously got edited.
It must have been just a mistake, wouldn't you think?
Of course it was.
It must have just been an oversight on their part.
That they left all of that nasty bloody grotesque stuff out.
Because it's bad for business.
Speaking of bad for business, why 100th?
Oh, and 25 minutes from now.
Don't let me forget.
I don't want to start in like, because I got such a huge pile here.
I have a humongous pile.
Really?
But at 11.30 we're going to have all of the other stats.
The hour by hour is in the shower and tower at power.
But speaking of power, speaking of FM radio, a programming executive now at why 100th?
A top stop for the radio station.
Figures prominently into New York Attorney General Elliott Spitzer's investigation into Peola
and recording giant Sony BMG.
How do you like that?
Why 100th?
The Antichrist.
Especially that footy.
What an ice hole.
God.
Oh wait a minute.
Here's the, let's see.
Regarding your dump fund, all we heard was, blah blah blah.
And then you dumped here.
We didn't hear anything.
Well, he heard it.
Well, that's what we dumped it for.
They still can't believe it.
Who can't?
The audience.
They can't believe that we can't say that.
Oh, I see.
No, I'm glad they did hear that because that's a given idea of how ridiculous stuff like that
that we can't say.
Tells you always to relax.
Right.
Good luck.
From Rich.
It says also the article in the Miami New Times published this Wednesday yesterday was,
tales of teal, sleaze stories, sex drugs and rampant corruption, scenes from Grand Theft Auto.
No, it's the RT.
You never knew.
My Francisco Alvarado and the Insider heading says,
male prostitutes and multiple mistresses drug money in Gucci shopping bags, bribery and extortion conspiracies,
and you thought you heard all about it, RTL.
Check it out.
This is what pushed him over the edge.
Have a good vacation, Rich.
Hey, RTL, you have a good vacation too, okay?
And how come there's two ancient wounds on the head?
How come there's two?
There's only one bullet and two wounds, huh?
Maybe like you said, it's one of the magic bullets that went inside there and like the little U-turn and the...
Rattled around?
Now, but how can there be two ancient wounds that can only come out once?
You can't have two exit wounds or entrance wounds or two wounds from one bullet.
What do you think?
I think we are under something.
On the news reports.
Yeah.
Some of the news reports were saying that he shot twice, which I guess if you're fast.
Yeah, so I guess that would sell the problem.
But the police said he only shot once.
Well, what do the police know?
Anyway, getting back to Y-100.
A programming executive now at Y-100, it tops off Florida radio station.
Why does they have the same sentence on here?
Oh, it's from the hero, that's why.
They have the same sentence here twice.
Did you notice that?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe it's...
Well, they're like hyperventilating.
They're under a lot of stress right now.
Especially that fat human defeated.
You're fired, Jim.
You're fired, didn't it?
In a settlement between Switzerland, Sony BMG announced this week.
The multinational label agreed to pay a $10 million dollar fightable void prosecution.
According to the settlement, Sony BMG offered radio stations of their employees.
Electronic equipment, vacations and other bribes in exchange for radio airplay.
Contraded listener expectations that songs are selected for a play based on artistic mirrored and popularity.
Err...
Airtime is often determined by undisclosed payoffs to radio stations of their employees, Spitzer said.
Donnie Michaels, a DJ and assistant program director at Y-100, the top 40 station in Miramar.
That's what it says here in Miramar.
Received a laptop, pushed to Vegas in New York, other goodies from Sony BMG.
According to documents released by Spitzer's Orifice.
Michaels received all of the gifts and connection with his work as program director in the J-W-F-L-Y fly 92.3 in Albany.
He joined Y-100 in 2004.
I see.
So in other words, it wasn't Y-100.
It was him, but nevertheless, if the fish thinks that they had, you know what they say.
What did they say?
Shooted.
One internal Sony email dated January 22, 2004 states,
we ordered a laptop for Donnie Michaels at fly in Albany.
He has since moved to Y-100 Miami.
We need to change the shipping address to Donnie Michaels, W-H-Y-I.
What?
Other Sony BMG emails dating back to 2001, request hotel rooms and trips to Michaels.
And connection with promotions for a top artist, Mark Anthony, Will Smith and Jessica Simpson.
In November 2001, email Michaels told us Sony executive what he needed for a list of giveaway.
Two hot-looking DVD players, one DVD-teamy combo, big screen, fat screen, wide screen,
Spitzer's office as personal gifts were often disguised as contest prizes.
How do you like that?
Oh, man.
Michaels and executives at Y-100 didn't return calls to the Herald for comment.
Y-100 is owned by cheap channel entertainment, the country's largest radio chain,
which also did not return a call.
Three South Florida radio stations, Miami's Zeta and West Palm Beach, WPVZ and WLDI,
were victims of fake calling program, were Sony BMG paid callers to request songs by the label's artists.
Cute.
Company emails outline how the fake fans should sound.
They need to be going out or getting a drunk or getting in the hot tub or going clubbing,
send an email from the director of top 40 promotion at Sony subsidiary Epic Records.
How do you like this, Brad?
Wonderful.
Sony BMG has acknowledged that it behaved wrong.
We had promised to rigorously monitor its promotion and prevent further abuses.
The 2002 Herald report found out that Pay All was rampant in Spanish language radio.
Spitzer's investigation continues in other major labels.
Vivenda Universal, a Warner music group and EMI group, and a major radio chain,
including Clear Channel and MS Communications, that's the MS.
How do you like that?
All right.
And here we thought that that was all over with, right?
Here's the fact that says our teal killed himself because new times exposed
is likely to transvestite and mail prostitutes just like Joe Gershtyne says,
make a ruse.
Well, how do you like that?
Thanks a lot, make a ruse.
I wonder if he's related to Jacka Rude.
Who does that crap on the sidelines on his stupid ass college football games?
Jacka Rude.
What kind of a name is that?
I don't know, made up.
Bad one.
Jacka Rude.
What sound floater radio or TV personality other than Jacka Rude?
Do you hate like poise in the most more than anybody?
I mean, we realize you hate all of us like poise, but most.
334, Rush Limbaugh, 135, Ritiki Sanchez, 39.
Dan LaBasterd's God.
About 30, man.
That's his audience.
Hey, Dani Boy, you talk a big game, but where's the beef baby?
You guys have like settled out at like a medium about 18th, whatever the hell they are.
Tell them if you're getting to 1130, okay?
Okay.
Well, that comes running in there breathlessly.
Tell Doc, I'll leave the key, okay?
Just relax.
George Rodriguez, 26, you're running on Dani Boy's ass.
Todd Snitt, 19.
Mr. Homo Fob, 1517, idiot.
Shpokees, the rate 15.
Mojave, the day of the 13, Hank Olberg, 13.
The Euroges, I only got nine.
Damn it.
Bill O'Rally, seven, Gildes, got five.
You got five, Gildes.
26, right, oh four.
And Lonnie Quinn's got a pair.
The, uh, what is she?
He?
Is that a-
You're fair.
Whatever it is.
So many weather fairies and so little time, you know what?
Yeah.
Kind of a nefarious occupation to me, you know.
Yeah.
Good old Bob Soeper, and it was a good old head of a sexual guy.
He retired.
And Bob Weaver, they shoved him out to pasture.
All the straight weather guys, they like, uh, either retired,
they got shoved off the ear.
And then of course, what is done?
No.
Light down, no, a lot.
He's good.
You don't like that, no?
I like that, no, a lot.
Oh.
You're just so like, well, I just didn't get any good.
He's no Bob Soeper.
12 minutes after 11, he's not as fat as Bob Soeper.
So we love you, Bob.
We miss you badly.
Bob and Merrill, I'm wondering what they're doing these days.
You think they're doing it all the weather casters, uh, home in the sky?
That they're in the, uh, weather casters retirement home.
There you go.
Right, that's the radio.
No.
Decay retirement home.
Yeah.
The Emerald Coast is floored as number one Asian gourmet buffet.
That's as rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
You asked for it and our airy Friday through Sunday night.
Lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast by popular demand featuring main lobster served
thermidor style.
And you can still enjoy crab fest every night with less than snow crab legs, dungeonless
crab, and Jonah still in crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell, a sushi bar with over 30 count
them.
About 30, man.
Different items.
In addition, the Emerald Coast has got your hand card prime ribbon from their flaming grilled
juicy, tender, delicious New York steaks cooked to order just the way you love them.
Top off a fantastic feast with dessert at the unbelievable 40-inch chocolate fountain where
you can hand it to your own strawberries, marshmallows, other decadent treats too.
This isn't just a meal.
This is a real pick-up.
Emerald Coast is the most healthy living too because they don't use any crap.
The MSG, no cornstarch, they cook.
All their fine cuisine with cholesterol free, canola oil.
Look your reservations of one Emerald Coast, three locations in sunrise.
Any else reach Pembroke Pines for the Emerald Coast call 9-5-4-572-38-22.
When it comes to sports, leave the art story.
The bombings in London this month have also royal public opinion intensifying a not-yet-sale
debate among Americans about whether the Iraq wars made you say safer from terrorism.
Oh, yes, safer my ass.
Strong fears that a family member might be convicted of terrorism spike in the survey, rising
to their highest levels since October 2001, just after the 9-11 attacks.
Meanwhile in Baghdad, Iraqi officials continue to draft a constitution to August 15.
In the poll for the first time in Majority of America, 51% say the Bush administration
deliberately misled the party.
Now if that's the case, why don't we have that peace of adherence going on right now,
okay?
You wimpy, wimpy Democrats, you weak-need jellyfish, you slime balls, so you wouldn't say that.
Yes, we can.
About whether Assad and Hussein had weapons of menace disrupts and he lied to it, the
reason Bush emphasized them in making the case for invading.
The administration's credibility on issues has been silly, voting since 2003.
By a 58-37% majority say the U.S. will not be able to establish a stable Democratic government
in Iraq and about a third, 32% say the U.S. can't win the war in Iraq.
Another 21% say the U.S. could win the war, but they don't think it will.
Just 43% predict they victory.
Yeah, big victory like Vietnam or like Korea.
Still on the question that test, fundamental.
You know, also what was I watching the other day?
I forgot.
Oh, it was about Reagan.
It was on the Discovery Channel.
It was a documentary.
It wasn't a movie.
It was a documentary about Reagan.
And the whole business about the Lacks security in Beirut is what allowed the terrorists
there to kill the 241 Marines in the Marine barracks.
And of course, we followed it right up with, let's invade, where the hell we invade Grenada.
Yeah, remember?
Oh, because we're worried about the communist and we sure don't want them to take it over
Grenada.
It was like, it was kind of like our version of the Falkland Islands lost Melvinis.
Let's invade Grenada.
Change the subject.
This is just absolutely outrageous, okay?
But this is exactly what's going on in America because you can't stay crap anymore.
That's why we got 75 delays.
That's why we can't play about 80% of the bits we got here in the computer because
and like I said, what does censorship have to do with fighting terrorism?
It's one thing to try to make a connection between, well, Sotomous Sands of Bad Guy and
get out of it and make up all those stories.
But what does censorship, what does infringing on your right to have free speech and your
right to privacy like with a Patriot Act parts one through one hundred?
What does that have to do with fighting terrorism?
If you talk dirty, the terrorists win.
Oh, is that what it is?
I'm sure.
It may be President Bush's nickname for keep a political advisor, Carl Roe, but some
editors didn't think it belonged in their newspapers.
About a dozen papers objected to Tuesday and yesterday's Doomsbury comic strips and
some of their pulled or edited them.
The strips referred to Roe, the White House deputy chief of staff as turd blossom.
Nevertheless, I told her that was Bush's nickname print.
I just call him turd.
Lee Salem, editor of Kansas City, based universal press, indicate which distributes the strip
to 1400 papers said the complaints from 10 to 12 newspapers weren't unexpected.
As opposed to other times when editors have objected to Doomsbury content, the syndicate
did not set out replacement strips.
Given the coverage of Carl Roe, we thought it was appropriate, especially given the history
of the strip, Salem said.
Doomsbury's creator, Gary Trudeau, has infuriated some editors over the years with his language,
images, and political themes because he's too honest.
An email to Trudeau wasn't returned this week.
Salem said that since newspapers don't have to notify the syndicate when they choose
to remove a strip, it's impossible to know how many papers ran Tuesday's comic.
In this strip, Bush and Adar lamenting the problems the administration said over all
of Jason's error of leak the name of a CIA officer to report his, Bush says Carl Shervin
earning his nickname lately.
The unnamed aide says, boy genius, I'm not so sure of sir, Bush then says, hey, turd
blossom, get in here.
The turd said it be one of several nicknames Bush uses for role of one of his closest
allies, who's widely credited for Bush's phony election in 2004.
The mainstream US media have really mentioned the nickname, but it's gained traction in
the international press and on the internet.
Oh, God forbid the US media would say turd blossom.
Remember that show blossom?
I sure did.
Among those with concerns was the Providence Rhode Island urinal whose editors remove
the offensive word from the strip's final panel at panel.
I don't think taking out the word would have heard executive editor Joel Rossin said,
I prefer to run the strip and if we can edit it, that's fine.
That's what he said.
Oh, we're fine.
Other papers such as the Kansas City Star remove the strip entirely, replacing with an older
one.
We thought it was in bad taste and probably unclear to a lot of people why we'd be using
the term since Steve Scherke, the stars managing editor of news.
Oh, give me a break.
Oh my God.
Give me a breath.
Even Joyce, even Joyce, the anxious repressive Joyce who wouldn't know a radio if you
stuffed a sony up her ass.
Even Joyce hasn't said, oh, you can't say turd yet.
That's because we did that.
That was probably coming.
That was probably on the way.
5.6705, 60, pound 5, 60, and even Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Man, what a vast, awkward country America is becoming.
It's really sad for those of us who live through those years, those golden years, those
glory years.
I can't say glory anymore either.
No, no, the glory.
I can't say the whole word anyway.
Happily.
26 past 11 at 5.60 WN.
We got the award winning more.
We did it.
We didn't win it now.
After the break, we're going to have those hours.
We're going to examine it.
We're going to put under the microscope, the stethoscope, the telescope, huh?
Right.
And find out who did it and who didn't do it.
When it comes to your defense, we've got to see your biggest personality.
We're going to show you the Alaska, which is effective.
Sports radio fights.
QAM.
Sports radio is like a QAM.
Oh.
It's true.
Who is in your bed?
Your girlfriend, or is that your mommy?
Remember, next time, just go along the door.
Though your legs don't chill in, won't see when you saw.
You just walked in.
Gets your job out of the way to Northland.
She called out the mother who we should exploit.
And that was the start of new ending in your life.
Oh, father.
Oh, what is it, love?
Oh, he's that in the bed.
Look, he's going back to bed, love.
Is that mommy?
No, no, he's not mommy.
This is Hannah.
No, no, no, it's not Hannah.
It's a nanny.
It's a nanny, yeah.
It's a nanny underneath the ear.
Why is it nanny underneath you?
It's a long story from...
I've had a really bad nightmare.
Not like the one I'm having right now.
I've got a better bed for you.
Back your bed, please.
But what are you doing?
Please go back to bed.
I need some warm milk.
I need some warm milk to go back to bed.
Please, please go back to bed.
I've got to call mother.
Oh, I have to stop.
Hey, you.
What have you done?
Was it worth it?
For just one little fun?
It's over.
Everyone knows what's your name.
You come call red handed by your name.
Love the 33, 27, no, we got the 389 votes on the poll.
We can make 700 today if we really put our heads together, you know?
You think?
Sure.
If we really put a...
We move Sean Hannity for the poll.
Once we get his name on here, it's going to start moving up.
The fact here says he's the poster board for blind the Ocon agenda.
Pure Propaganda's in Phony.
It's what it says here.
Oh, a new study from Planet Jam looks at the usage patterns of portable MP3 players iPod
Honor is the survey has 30,000 radio listeners about their MP3 player habits and how it affects
their radio listening habits.
Out of radio listeners surveyed 15% that they...
Oh, you did get that thing I said you didn't you, but it did.
It's all been processed.
Out of radio listeners surveyed 15% that they already own an iPod or other MP3 player
with 24% say they plan to purchase one in the near future.
Out of current MP3 player owners 23% say they currently listen to their favorite radio station
less often now, though 13% say they listen to their favorite station more often.
Why that would be I have no idea.
When asked where they used their MP3 player most often, 44% said at home, 29% said in the car,
and 26% said at work.
Which of course don't affect us very much because that's mostly a music people.
And of course you can't complain about the music on your own son of Florida because there was many.
Right.
Oh, sorry, a power 96.
I don't forget about them. They're going each deal.
Here's the stuff from Duff already.
Boy, I tell you one thing.
That child is really on top of it.
Look at this.
Men 25 to 54.
Now you people out there that don't care about the ratings.
Well, just hang on because they got this really good article who's taking the blame for Christian violence.
Then I'm going to read them in a minute.
Good. I saw that.
Yeah. That's a good one.
You didn't want to respond to.
Thanks Eric.
By the way, it's a fine job.
You did their own a stance so we can see who's reading what.
A lot easier.
A lot of people are reading that.
And it's an excellent point.
Anyway, here we go.
Men 25 to 54.
What is this?
This is O-Hawar Lee's.
Let's look at these.
Holy moly rat man.
Look at that.
Oh, he is.
Let me put a little circle around.
Those four hours.
All I can say is.
Oh, God.
Wow.
Wow.
And look who I look how that drop off there.
Thanks.
See one thing about when I'm not going to do it.
I just probably shouldn't do it.
In other words, give my honest opinion.
This place, this, this management screwed up so bad.
You see the mad dog when he used to come on at two o'clock, he used to keep the same number.
In other words, he would maintain the huge audience.
We would turn over to him.
Now we got like a little.
Maybe that you and Moe were kind of bonded yesterday.
Maybe that might do it all the way.
We'd be done it very seriously.
Five to six a.m.
Let's see how the big bulls doing.
We got a 3.2 share.
This is meant 2554.
Six to seven a.m.
A 3.2.
That's really rock solid.
Not too good.
Consistent.
Seven o'clock.
The Humper, well, he's got a 3.4.
Eight o'clock.
Now, oh!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I don't want to say I told you so, Clarence, you idiot, you quizzing you.
You ferry.
But, now isn't that, George can correct me if I'm wrong.
Eight o'clock hour.
Isn't that the hour that the Hank has had this awful, Iroh Windbag and Mike Berryden and all this other stuff.
This two-nob crap isn't that the R-8 tonight?
Yes.
Starting to make a little move there at seven with a 3.4.
And then eight o'clock, a 2.4.
And guess what?
They don't come back at 2.5.
It's the kiss of death.
You people won't listen to me.
You won't listen to what I tell you.
I don't care how many spots you got.
I don't care how many of you got your head up, Iroh's ass.
It's a tune out, okay?
How many times can we hear?
And how, God, you crazy people.
You bastard's you.
You're killing the Humper.
You're giving him like a death wish.
Have I not been screaming about that?
Yes, you are.
What do I know?
He's just a big, big, bad trouble man.
And then so he's got a 2.4 at 8 o'clock, a 2.5 at 9.
And 10 o'clock, we go to a 9.8.
11 o'clock at 10.1.
Then Rush comes on a noon and actually we always go a little down because I understand
some of you can't help yourself.
And 8.1 at 1 o'clock and 8.6.
Look at those four hours, baby.
Circle him.
Look at him and weep.
Has Greg come in here and kiss your ass on both cheeks yet or what?
Has who?
Greg.
Your close personal friend, Greg Reed.
You know what it's the wicked and everything with a screw down in the building, Greg.
Then so we got an 8.6 at 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, we got back to a 2.5 again.
So Mo goes back to the Humper like off.
Must be those interviews with Gilmick Dougal's nephew.
3 o'clock, 2.7.
Then the mad dog at 4 o'clock, a 5.4.
Oh, thank God for the mad dog.
Oh, right.
Then at 5 o'clock he's got a 5.0.
No, a 5.0.
Oh.
And then at 6 o'clock, a 4.0.
Oh.
Followed by a 3.3.3.
I mean the rest of the numbers are in the middle of the day.
At 1 o'clock in the morning we have a 0.0.
Oh, that's a 40 news radio.
We got a 0.0.
Oh, man, nobody.
Nobody is listening at 1 o'clock in the morning.
Now 2 o'clock we got a 4.5.
So 2.3, that's when all the guys are dragging in from the Anuti bar.
The hot hour.
3 o'clock, a 0.9 and 4 o'clock again.
We got a 0.0.
0.0.
2 hours there from that 40 news crap, man.
It's a killer overnight.
I know that this cheap ass company that I could have paid somebody to be on overnight.
I understand.
That's pretty sad.
Okay, what's this other stuff you sent me now?
Let's see.
Stuff, you know, make up a little bit.
10 to 2.
Look at that.
Look at that.
I just want to say it one more time.
Okay, because it makes me feel and thanks again to everybody who helped us out.
We're number one.
David!
9.1 share.
10 to 2.
9.1.
Not a 2.
Not a 3.
Not some lame ass horse ball number.
Not a 2.2.
I said it was going to be 9.1.
Yeah, 9.1.
Second is big with a 6.0.
Let me say this to Paul and Ron.
Congratulations on being number one in the morning.
It sure helps not have an hour to turn on.
It sure helps to have no competition.
We got scared America.
We got Rush.
We got the Waxi.
We got competition up the old earlobe.
They got nothing.
They don't even have like links and jinx anymore there from Anzada since they went esponial.
Well, the sheets just keep pouring in here.
That's good.
This could take us all the way up till midnight.
I like it.
9.1.
Big has got a 6.6.
This is midday.
It's meant 25 to 54.
Hot 105.5.4.
And love 94.
Life.
Life has got meant 25 to 54.
What kind of man are you?
Listen to life.
You're fairy.
Magic.
Radio Amor.
The coast.
HDR.
Or by the way, HDR.
That's not doing too good.
What was the call that is on that?
What station was that before?
I'm taking it.
There was the cost station.
There was a party.
Huh?
I don't remember.
What do you mean, I don't remember?
It was the party thing.
I know.
I didn't listen to that.
About.
The party is over by the way.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
And it's definitely not this morning which you weren't paying any attention.
This is a new HDR.
I do not do much.
WMXDJ, follow my kiss.
Kiss this.
CMQ, WEDR, WYNZ, AR.
American.
They made a little bit of a move.
They've got a 3-3 there in mid-pack.
And they're taking a lot of eye.
In fact, they're tagged with IOD in mid-day.
So they're taking many of IOD's listeners.
The talk show groupies.
The people like Al Franken, stuff like that.
What's the other stuff?
Oh, Waxi.
Well, after the break, we'll take a look and see how those big shots over there have done.
At Waxi, the big sports station, everybody's so afraid of them.
And Pee and their...
Like Hank said this morning, I've said it right from the beginning.
They got one guy over there.
They got your rose.
After that, it's NADA.
When it comes to this, it's NADA practice.
And it makes wheel riders.
Wheel riders.
It's eight days.
Who's video fight season?
It's NADA.
It's NADA.
It's NADA.
So Ashley Simpson comes this year's most highly awaited concert album.
It's Ashley Simpson, Barely Lies.
Bejarin' all her hits as performed on stage, right?
Pieces of me.
On the Monday, I'm waiting.
Tuesday, on the day of the day.
Ashley Simpson.
Barely Lies is the concert album that sounds too good to be true.
Yeah!
On the day of the day.
On the day of the day.
It's almost as good as not being there.
Ashley Simpson.
Barely Lies.
Available.
Wherever fine music is sold.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
14 to 9.
And 5.60 to 9.
They will not listen to me, man.
And he said, the worst hard asses I've ever worked for or with or around in my life.
Now look at the last thing number, okay?
5 in the morning.
They've got a 0.3.
What have they got on before it?
Joe, do we know Josh?
No.
Who knows and who cares?
Six o'clock.
I'll figure it out.
Toast.
Toast?
They're toast.
Five to seven.
Toast is on five to seven.
Hey, your toast, maybe.
Five o'clock, Gary.
You got a 0.3 and a six o'clock, Gary.
You got a 0.9.
Oh my god.
Put it in the toaster and the burn it.
Seven o'clock, Joe comes on.
Joe Rose.
He's got a 2-2, okay?
That seems to be going around these days in the sports fraternity.
A 2-2.
Hank beats the crap out of him with a 3-4, okay?
Like about 50 percent more?
Got it?
Got it in that hour.
At 8 o'clock, high ever.
Once I were a windbag and all that other crap comes on his radio station and believe me, crap would be a kind word to use.
At 8 o'clock, Joe, all of a sudden, he's got a 3-5 and then at 9 o'clock, a 3-1 and hangs out at 242-5.
And Joe beats the pants off of the fat humber, the fumper.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, it's obvious.
So Hank's got the head start there. He's doing fine.
And all of a sudden we say, hey, everybody, two out now.
We realize it's one dimension when it's boring and if somebody don't belong on a year in the first place with a squeaky voice from the hero or the sunset, we'll rev it it from.
And you say, oh my god.
When are these people ever going to get with it?
Of course, they'll blame Hank, you know? They'll blame him.
As opposed to Sambo, we're screwing a show up, you know?
Clarence, hey, Clarence, you're quizzling, you suckle, you...
You're fairy.
At any rate.
Let's see, then, when I see you at 10 o'clock, they got a 1-8.
Then they got... look at that, that 2-2, man, that's going around like I told you.
There's been 2-2.
There's been 2-2.
And at 11 o'clock, they got a... noon, they got a 2-2.
One o'clock, the boog's here comes on. He zooms it up there to a 2-4 and a 2-5,
which mo' edges him out in both hours.
Hey mo, pretty weak.
Oh god, you mo'...
Oh my goodness, really weak, okay?
I mean, he... one of those numbers, he takes an 8-6 share and turns it into a 2-5.
How do you do that?
He must have magic tricks.
When he was in a yesterday, he used some magic tricks for him with his checkered pants, sock puppets.
Three o'clock, two-nine.
What time does La Bastard come on over there?
Three to seven?
Yeah.
Him and Mark Eisenberg.
Oh, wait, moneymark.
I'm sorry, moneymark.
2-9, 2-6, 2-6, 2-1, mad dog, just...
Oh no, it's them all those hours.
And then after that, after 7-5, 1-6, 0.6, 0.3, 0.2, 0.6,
and then from midnight to 2 in the morning, they got a 0.
Oh!
Why, everything, whatever, crack we got on, sporting news radio.
So you can't complain about the mail audience for sports overnight because it's so far...
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah.
To infinity.
Now, just out of curiosity, here's the IOD numbers.
Did you see these?
I did.
Oh.
Kind of interesting, don't you think?
Mm-hmm.
Rush comes on at noon, Rush Limbaugh, men 25-54, he's got a 3.5 share, we got an 8.1.
In the 1-2 hour, he's got a 4.2 share, we got an 8.6 more than double,
more than double in both hours.
How do you like that, fatso?
You pill-pop and hit a crit, piece of crap, you third.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
You're third.
Blossom.
Blossom?
Yeah.
I like that show a lot.
She was so ugly though.
Yeah, she was.
Was that the kid's name, David?
What was his name?
I don't know.
Me and Bialik.
Whatever his name was.
And it was in the awful movie.
He just, he always kind of had that Robbie Benson syndrome where we never grew up, you know?
You could feel kind of like, unclean for me anyway.
Anyway, wasn't we got on the uphol here?
I am just, I was so vindicated.
Finally.
Finally, there's the, you know, they wouldn't believe me because I don't know anything,
but there it is in black and blue, okay?
Clear it, read those numbers and we take a look at what I just said.
I'm sure that I'm not sure in the jelly bean, but maybe the gold star.
I'll tear off a little piece.
What's our Florida radio or TV personality you hate like poison the most we asked today?
We got 431 votes.
We're shooting for 700 days.
Why?
If we've been there for our tea, let's be there for us.
Right.
He shot himself twice for crying a lot.
Why can't they get it right?
The police, huh?
Do they know anything or what?
No.
175 say that till top of the Welsh limbo and it's nice to see by the way that
how come we don't have the I&Z number and they're the hourly's?
Duff.
We do.
Do I have them?
Oh, here they are.
Like I said, nice job, Duff.
Hey, Duff.
You fairy.
What do they got?
Pretty consistent when you say that's interesting.
Their big hour is 6 to 7 and they're going a 3-3.
But most of the rest, they're all over the place.
They're like on a midday night.
At 2 o'clock, they got a 4.1.
They beat the pants off at a moment.
Oh, no.
Midday, they got a 2.8, 2.9, 3.7 at noon, 351.
That's Al Franken.
Oh, that must be Al Franken.
And you see his audience, he's taking Russia's audience.
That's a breath of fresh air.
We always love that Al Franken.
He's a real life panic right.
Huh?
Two o'clock, they got a 4.1 and three o'clock and two.
They beat the moment in both hours.
Oh, how embarrassing.
At four, they go down with 2.5.
At six at night, they got a 4.4.
Isn't that one they got Randy on?
What?
I don't know.
4.4 and a 3.2 at seven.
I believe she's on an evening that would be her.
Nice going Randy, okay?
That's what we're sending her ass.
I taught her everything she knows.
I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I was ready,
and then I said, I don't know what that is.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know.
I don't know.
4.4 and a 3.2 at seven.
I believe she's on an evening that would be her.
I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to Neon, I listened to
the carnage, where was the equal pressure from the Christian leadership?
Interesting is Nith and Muslim fanatics use the idea of holy jihad and rewards and paradise
to recruit their dupes to terrible asset destruction, and the Christian circles there is the
solemn assembling for prayer and seeking of blessings for the troops and leaders in their
mission of war. Interesting is Nith and pulling truly indicates that the Christian right
in America is emphatically against bad language on TV and in the movies horrified by Janet
Jackson's bare nipple, but drawn with considerable relish to violence in the same media. The
additional calling irony of Jesus being emblazoned on the foreheads of those in command of
the sharpest swords is that Jesus was also about intelligence. It was all about deeper understanding
about using insight and keenness of mind to solve problems, think of how the Pharisees
tried to pick him by holding up different sections of the law to trip him up. His disciples
picking corn for instance and thus working on the Sabbath, Jesus answered that the Sabbath
was for man and not the other way around. There was the adulterous broth before him to
be stone, he responded that any without sin my cast to first stone. What kind of insight
of bush and blare employed? What intelligence, what deeper understanding is demonstrated
by the tactic of blast and shoot with as much technologically advanced weaponry as is
available? What compassion, what recognition of common humanity is shown when the biggest
concern is how to pad the soldiers with as much body kevlar and humbys with as much armor
as possible so they can kill all the easier without casualties and thus retain the support
of the home front. How do our current legislators think Jesus would react to the concept of collateral
damage? Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M.
I have to apologize to myself and the audience. All these years because there are stations that
we have no idea what they do or what their format is and nobody listens to them or those
ones that are like an asterisk in the ratings. So I've always thought that that 1470 was
WNMA. Well WNMA is another station, like 11 or 12-something under the 12th cannibal.
WNN is Mr. Ego station and he's got a point that doesn't even show it in every hands.
They don't even show up. So all these times I've been saying always that I'm pointing
at WNMA. I'm so sorry, I apologize to whatever that station is and whatever crap they're
putting on here. WNN is in... No, right. You have incredible or what? So there's the answer
to this factor. Could you please give the ratings for Steve Kane who's on 1470W.
Yeah, the rating is 8.0. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
At least men 25 to 54 and no show. None. Zero. They don't exist. Also what says he has
a flamer named Brian Craig who said he would visit you in the hospital with normal camp.
That's right and you offered him a chance to live with you. I don't remember that but back
in the day I might have. How tragic is this soul? Well yeah, how tragic are all of that
little entourage over there with a very small and him and Nick Lawrence and who's the
other one and the big fat Richard Essen? Essen.
It's in Merge and Essen which looks like he's been doing a lot of that for you. Anyway,
since they say they don't subscribe to our return which they don't, could he give us
the important numbers? Well the number, let me say there's only one number you need to keep
in mind for WNN. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh. Oh! I thought it was a littlepoid. It was only been quiet for over 10 hours. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I know I then kept looking for the right judgment. So, no, no. I'll get  positive today. Please! lady degrees. The sounds are obvious, for you. Thank you so much. To all of you.
a one is the first number then at four o'clock it would normally cancel from four to six
guess what he's got in both hours your don't give you one guess you'll need one number
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I've been here for a month and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and

JUSTIN AND D version
Didn't see it. A Kenyan says he offered milk and forty goats and twenty cows for his daughter's handed marriage five years ago
And is still waiting for an answer. He wants Chelsea. Now, let's see forty goats and twenty cows. I
Think I think I think I got to come up with something better than that. Yeah, throw some better than her
I mean not the goats and cows
Godwin
Tip Kimoe
Chepp Kerger
Whatever hell his name is told to East Africa Standard newspaper last week that he wrote to Clinton asking for Chelsea's hand in 2000
During the event presidents visit the Kenya. Can you believe it?
Chepp Kerger a 36-year-old elected city counselor in Nakuru
recounted right into the US president to the Kenyan government
He described his plans for a grand wedding presented over by South African Nobel Peace Prize winner Archbishop Desmond
Tutu see how that Tutu keeps popping up all over the place like I know his last year numbers Tutu
He named then present Daniel a rap moi
Rhymes with
Dodo Dodo and the president of the university as references
That's Daniel a rap moi moi as opposed to Dodo Dodo and I succeeded in wooing Chelsea
I would have had a grand wedding he told the standard interview published Friday during Clinton's recent visit to Kenya
Chepp Kerger said his letter praise Clinton's leadership and recommended his wife Senator Hillary Hillary for standing by her husband
Like an African woman in the face of the Monica Lewinsky scandal. What does that mean? I reckon their loyal over there
I see stand by your man
The electoral engineering graduate city promised to pay is would be father-in-law 20,000 40 goats in dowry for his only daughter in accordance with African tradition
But he said the letter prompted security checks on him as family and classmates as he was summoned to the foreign ministry in Nairobi for a meeting that he missed because of his
Graduation for University remember the Nairobi trio who used to do that was the theme for Bernie Kovak show of course you don't
But Bokar Ryan does an actual security intelligence service office
They told the standard letter probably never made it out of the orifice
We gathered that this man was a teetopler with an astonished Christian who seemed to have been struck by Chelsea
And I thought maybe he just took the Joe Tupari said Chepp Kerger by the main single
So it gets an answer to his proposal to marry Chelsea who's 25
He's 36 I think it's a nice maiden heaven, don't you sure?
Speaking of OJ well, we'll get to that story after the break the OJ Simpson more problem talk about a slime ball or whatever
The guy said that we tried to dump before
We hate you like poison OJ. We despise you. We wish you would die a wicked horrible death or just being a lot of
Excusing pain. Maybe those knees really hurt bad. We can only hope and pray okay?
I think it's a racial thing his knees
What South Florida radio or TV personality do you hate life poison the most?
Rush limit, but a toast has got some big numbers in there in the morning
Any?
Oh, what a bunch of silly people playing radio. Let's play radio everybody's a broadcaster. No wonder we have Lenny Martez on so much
Rush Limbaugh 189 Rick Sanchez 60 Dan La Bastard 38th a. Hatham
Don't forget
Marlon's been in the World Series the Cubans wanted
Speaking of Cubans George Rodriguez 35
Type said 27 Steve came 22 mr. homophobic and our college rise again to WNMA for whatever that is
NMA
Hank over 21 cookies to rate 20 but a little Riley 18 mohawar David 18 you're truly 14
Sean Hannity 9 20 cigarette oh six. Yeldy's got six votes
Lonnie Quinn too and Phil Henry's on it doesn't have one are you sure not a one man? They don't hit him like four
They're just disappointed. I think would be the word right. We don't hate him, but
We're bitterly disappointed right he kind of turned it around and his opinions too, but you know
He's got a West survivor but he's got to live with their conscience and obviously he don't have one
This is when he like when he lied to us when the passing bought IOD remember that right
12 minutes after knowing at least he's consistent at 560 WQ and the moment
Moan Hank bandwagon who's up these four? I mean he's really embarrassed. I mean he's
Don't know
The FCC
You very much for finding me
5,000 bucks a feet so I'm really out of luck
That's more than high-deplaced was challenging me
So you very much the FCC
For proving that three speech this isn't free
Clear channels a dear channel so how it's done must go
A term a general ashram doesn't like strong words and so
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly
So you want so very much
So you very much dear mr. Bush
Or here rowy-colleys sitting on your tush
For Halliburton and Ron all the companies
Hail let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail. She's a nobody rich rich and a place
He isn't so
You also very much
So you think
You and everything you do
Your pace maker must be a fake you haven't got a mark
As far as I'm concerned you're just a piece he faced all fault
And that's for con goleens a she's a intellectual
So you also very much
So you very much
For giving all the laskers oil away
It really is a farmer when I can't fill my hunger
He owes us an ogo's own now that Arnold's here to save
The nuclear inter games are going to take rest in LA
So you also very much
So what the planet fails let's save the great white males
You also very
15 at 560 w. General cautionary words for George
Yeah, that is that when the next trend comes up, of course, we don't do trends anymore
Remember that's to just pretend it's not very right one. I know why because it's gonna be dropping off that huge
Bogus I mean
And so then of course they'll blame it on you of course because you know it's gonna go down
And I'm used to that I see
Somebody Q. I. M. Hello
Yeah, yes, yeah, hey did you happen to see
The quotes from Steve Kane on the
I'm taking the Sun signal today
The article about the quotes saying what which one I read it got the article here
No, it was just a quote now in the bottom of the editorial page
Under quotables yeah, well it's listed the odd Steve Kane as school board member
That's all yeah, I just wanted to know if you'd read it or not. I don't want to tell it to you. It's so funny
Well, why don't you want to tell me? Well, because I'm sitting in my car. Don't have paper. I see. Okay
Anyway, I'm gonna write along and we got a little blurb about to the Mr. Homophoblid later on has nothing to do with that. Has to with this so called
uh
Diversity board by all this other crap. I told you when I started that diversity committee business
It was a joke and then one of his chronic list goes gets him put on there mr. Ego and now all of a sudden the same chronic list
I hope you're real happy Marty Rubens theme
Whatever the hug your name is
Yeah, that's his name Marty Rubens theme. Hope you're real happy if stuck his ass on there and anyway getting back to OJ now the person we hate like poison
A federal judge has ordered former football sir
OJ Simpson to pay him $25,000 in damages for pirating satellite television signals from direct TV. How do you like that? Huh a rat
This man is just everywhere he goes no matter what the story is. It's bad bad news
Let me forget about a little murder. Oh, man
But I always steal on the uh direct TV signals
US district judge Joan Leonard
awarded the damages plus the 20s fees of the cost after granting a motion for a summary judgment in a civil suit father against Simpson
You know
Anything the same for yourself OJ you lunatic kill the code. Oh, we know that
Everybody unless of course you want to make it into a racial thing
In a raid on Simpson's home in Miami in 2000 on federal agencies illegal devices known as bootloaders
That authority said we used to steal television programming bootloaders a
load this
The judge basically did not ask our right to jury trial since Simpson's attorney Yale go yenta yenta goenther
Reach late Tuesday while driving home in pelting rain. This is in the versus channels
six
website four
Whatever it is sucks
Galantaradad I have the utmost respect for this judge. This is your reward the findings of this decision
Simpson was aware of the Friday ruling Galantaradad asked whether Simpson would pay the damages of the cost the attorney said
We're examining our legal options. We want our day in court
But direct TV executives were pleased with a long-awaited ruling
The evidence was overwhelming since the devices seized in Simpson's home were connected to his TV
And in operation and receiving unauthorized signals at the time of the raid said Dan faucet executive vice president legal and business affairs of the
El-Sagdendor California based direct TV incorporated the judges made the proper ruling based on the evidence and the fact that Simpson did not this beauty evidence
He said
Galantaradadadad has said he has ten days to respond before the summary judgment stands
He could file a motion for re-hearing his one-off, but hasn't decided which course to take will they simply acquiesce and pay the direct TV fines?
You know anything about me Galantar responded. I don't act we as to anything
Right
As soon as he finishes paying off the brown family right?
Shrek Goldman family and all of these things all of these things right in other words never wait till hell freezes over then OJ is going to pay up
John Charles the menendom and is there was his name menesys?
And the Brazilian guy that they shine ahead and oh yeah, how do you say that?
I don't know manziz is that guy was not wearing a heavy jacket
It might have concealed a bomb and did not jump the ticket barrier when Charles by armed to plane close police
Is cousin said yesterday speaking at a press conference after meeting with a metropolitan police in London
Vivian figurado 22 said that's personally a port severed. How are 27 year old cousin have come to be killed in the state for suicide
Bomber on Friday at the stock well, you were wrong
He used to travel cars. He said he had no bulky jacket
He was wearing a jeans jacket
But even if he was wearing a bulky jacket that would be an excuse to kill him
Flank by the demand is these family solicitor garruth pierce and by Bianca Jagger the anti-arach workampainter
She condemned the shoot to kill policy which have led her cut to her cousin's death and vowed that what she called the crime would not go unpunished
My cousin was an honest and hardworking person said miss figurado when she shared a flat with him in Tulsa, South London
Although we're living in circumstances
Similar to war we shouldn't be exterminating people unjustly
Another cousin Patricia de Silva Armani 21 said he was in Britain
He Patricia was in Britain legally to work in study giving him no reason to fear the police
Hey patty how you doing? I guess got going to be Patricia right? I guess and innocent man has been killed as though he was a terrorist
She said oh, this is he said she said
All over the place
I see said that the guy that I am misunderstanding this follow
No said that
John Charles was in Britain legally okay. Oh
She said an incredibly grave error was committed by British police
This is poorly written and even more poorly read mr
Demandes which shots seven times in the hate and once on the shoulder it's an aimless threat after being followed from Tulsa
Scotland yard initially claimed he wore a bulky jacket and jumped the very one police identified themselves ordered him to stop the same day
The Mech commissary sir Ian Blair said the shooting was directly linked with the unprecedented anti-tier operation on the streets
He didn't wear a bulky of jacket. He didn't jump the fence other than that. You know, don't make it up. Well, don't do it again
Anymore
Miss Kamal yeah, even though he's a cool under heels. I guess bill Kamal belongs in there right on our pole today
We'll stick him out there stick him
Hey Billy you pair
5 6 7 0 5 60
Town 5 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. We're gonna make our 700 a or what?
That's important man to us. It's mighty important not as important as getting a big number of the ratings
5 17 we got a shot. I think
Our teal set got a shot
So Hank says that the and I would imagine that the new times thing based on the abverb that we got from one of our factors
Put him over the edge that was over. They like he said he was all these all that stuff all of these
Wow, they set it on the TV. So it must be true. Oh, and of course it was in a herald and it definitely might be true, but probably who knows
Nobody can we am hello. I'm good afternoon. Yeah, I already sure great
Um, thank you for changing my mind on the whole bush regime
You're welcome
Yeah, it took a little while, but if only second and I have another flavor like bill Kamal
He's on channel five up here in Palm Beach County. His name is Rob
Rokola
Uh, doesn't weather
I was hoping that
Yeah, lope, but Cola
Okay, thanks a lot and have a great life. I'm really talking about nobody uh, in doing it
There's anybody in our audience watch channel five except a few people in public. No, so we appreciate it, but no thanks
A lot of flavor weather ferries out there again
That's just the legs of course. We really don't know it's first instance. We have no idea who that is
56705 60 pound 56 into Verizon singular wireless line
Well, it's kind of like anti-climactic now everything isn't it after see yeah, I know
I don't have to be going to go for anything with Ira Ira. Hey Ira. You may not be a bad guy. I would just go away. Okay. Don't come back
I'm sure there's a season huh? I said I'm sure they're making plans to retool. Oh as we speak. Oh
All I can say to that is
The
biggest
Person
The
You can unwrap all the slime all the time
We're long as Jerry whole will on the right hand of God and when I woke up today
I put my TV on and instead of happening or CNN. I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head
It wasn't upside down triangle purple tinky-winky
Upside down triangle purple tinky-winky
Hey
Bella
The
Where just when I thought things couldn't get worse. I noticed he was carrying a little
How can they call this a children's show
I'm ready to eat purple but I have a brown hole
He has a mouth shut
That's why I hope purple tinky-winky
Upside down triangle
I hope purple tinky-winky
I'd love to train your bow
They purple tinky-winky
Gay
Territory
Whooo
Well most of our Christian kindness are to believe but on the teller Tubby Summy is a TV screen
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me
That was blowing in my eyes through the hole in my face
Jerry follow all those you've had a burn in hell
I'll say it like I have
Oh my dinky
Barney and Big Bird didn't make much progress to an appearing in
Brown Public Schools at a school board meeting on Tuesday
But many who support the diversity dvd starting those beloved children's characters
Left the meeting with a sense of victory anyway
The reason school board members condemned anti-gay comments made by some diversity committee members who are appointed by the board
There were unfortunate things said at the meeting
I repudiate those that school board member Marty Rubenstein
Any attack on the gay community are likely to the Nazi attack on Jews during WW2
And I school on Marty you've got your good boyfriend on air huh?
Good move as if there's some big surprise there
School board member Robin Bartleman said she was concerned by statements made by diversity committee members
And intended to bring forward a resolution next month
Reaffirming the board's commitment to diversity tolerance and respect and school board sharewoman Stephanie crant said the comments
Did not reflect the message that the district or board has ever said forth pointing to the district's code of conduct
Anti-bullying efforts character education program and non-discrimination policy
During the diversity committee's education
Steve Cain a radio talk to your host and member of the committee said even in the liberal group
They understand that these people are trying to mess with our kids minds and introduce all kinds of activities in the name of tolerance
The diversity committee voted 10 to 7 against the video in May
Stratton politzer subfooted director of equality Florida 2 they called the school board member statements encouraging
We needed an acknowledgement that the ugliness of this debate is that reflect the school district politzer said
Politzer ADL a Florida regional board chairman Dennis Cainan and five other spoken support of the DVD on 2 day
We're not one side of an argument politzer said we're a community under attack
The debate over that we are family DVD in a campaign teaching material sponsored in part by the anti-deformation league
With Sparkman focus on the family founder focus focus focus on the family founder James Dopson wrote that children's entertainment figures
Were apparently being hijacked to promote an agenda that involves teaching homosexual propaganda the children
While the diversity committee voted against recommending the DVD for using brow at schools
It was a curriculum screening committee's recommendation against using it that carried weight the screening committee said the DVD didn't meet F cat preparation or
Sunshine state state standard. How do you like that?
much of bold crap much of crazy people
We're like that running around talking crap
Speaking of James Dopson and Hocus Pocus on the family and board again a full-of-a-loady talk show host who still have a point oh
In a book no-one here, but audience put that audience in a phone book
In fact, it's a man of phone booth. It's amazing that mr. Riegos got 24 votes on a full-of-myster homophobia
And that's got to at least double his audience. What do you think?
At least nice going Steve. Oh you alluded to you you fairy w-k-y-m. Hello
Hey, me. How you doing buddy? Okay, sir. Hey listen between
beating his wife
murdering her
satellite road rage and some grand family kids got going on. He's doing it man. Yeah, the guy he sounds very busy
A lot like normal Ken real busy working out a stick instead of a serious satellite
Concentrate from a pool here
Yeah, hold your breath. Yeah, okay. I'd like to us pal. Yeah, Norma
See you can't be all things to all people Norma if you wanted to really be a you know a big-shot radio agent
Which you're not but if you wanted to be you could like you have concentrated on that too late now horses out of the barn
I'll take the money fine and he gets very indignant and offended but me but you know
You can't you know a little of this little that kind of like life as a hodgepodge
You know a bit of a baseball
baseball card guy and a little bit of a baseball fantasy baseball and fantasy radio broadcast and all this other stuff
Yeah, they oh point. Oh, you got no measurable audience in there Norma. I mean maybe you need the cash in spite of what you're always saying but nevertheless
Pretty sad could have been a contender maybe you I could have been a contender you could have been right there
You know i'm saying yeah, I don't think it could have been long for the ride with people that might have taken care of you all the way
Delta but they might have certainly better needs people that hate you like poison that feature like
Human garbage like swill
Speaking of swill that leads me right into Walmart. What a good segue. That's what you can't buy the Pensacola News
Journal at Walmart anymore. You want to know why? Why?
Here's the article. It says the store ordered us off their property told us to come pick up our newspaper racks and clear out
So we did from the Pensacola News Journal
A few people call last week. Some even were letters to the editor want to know why they couldn't buy the newspaper at Walmart
In the days after hurricane Dennis
Some managers at Walmart didn't appreciate a column Mark O'Brien wrote last month about the downside of the cheap prices that
Sam Walton's empire is brought to America
We all pay a little less and sometimes a lot less at the grocery store in department store because mr. Walton the founder of Walmart
Mr. Walton developed a brilliant success model business model
It allowed him to undercut the prices of his competitors
He made sure that the blue jeans his store sold were cheaper than the jeans the store down the road
So and if some store had a two for one special on boxes of crap macaroni and cheese
Walmart would have a three for one special
Leave it to old mark whose columns run four days a week in this newspaper to found a downside of this
Actually, it wasn't marked but Thomas Friedman who wrote the world is flat which happens to be a best seller right now
I don't mean to rough salt and a wound, but here's what mark wrote
I like Walmart prices the same as the next shopper, but there's a downside too
Many Walmart employees lack the fringe benefits and insurance that make the difference between existence and a good quality of life
In week customers pay a surcharge from a different pocket subsidizing health care for Walmart employees who can't afford it
Mark then described how Friedman's book pointed out that more than 10,000 children of Walmart employees are in a Georgia health care program
Which costs the state taxpayers nearly ten million dollars a year
Mark also pointed out that a year of times report found that 31% of patients at an earth-thirland hospital where Walmart employees are unmiticated
Mark's column really wasn't about Mr. Walton the store but about Pensacola and how we're becoming a Walmart kind of town
Cheap and comfy on the surface lots of unhappiness and hidden cost underneath that was the point Mark was trying to make
Bob Hart one of the upper managers for Wal-Mart in the area called me and said he didn't like Mark's column
Didn't like a lot of Mark's columns. I told Mr. Hart I don't especially like some of Mark's columns either
Like the one he wrote about chartered government, which is Gambia Counties had put on a ballot for Otis to consider last year
Mark said that chartered government was always a mess and that people would be fools to vote for it
I claimed didn't like that column especially since the week before I'd written something that said chartered government was the best idea since sliced bread
I'm Mark's boss, you know
He oughta would give me a little more respect than that
But Mark's speech is mine and truth be told that's what he gets paid to do even though it kind of hurt me when nearly 70% of the voter
Said it with Mark and rejected chartered government
Mr. Hart however said he and his stories couldn't tolerate newspaper
That would print the opinions of someone who is as mean and negative as Marco Bryan
But you know, Mark's not nearly as ordinary as that left-wing rabble rouser Molly Irons who's called newspaper also publishes
At any rate Mr. Hart said he wanted the newspaper to get its rack off his lots
But he also said that if I fired Mark we could talk about continuing to sell the newspaper at his stores
The Walmart is a company that wraps himself in red, white and blue
I might understand if Walmart set out a firemark because what he said wasn't accurate
But that's not the case
Mark accurately reported that there were 10,000 children of Walmart employees in a healthcare program
That's costing Georgia taxpayers nearly 10 million dollars a year. Shouldn't we talk about that?
When we stop listening to people on the other side of the fence when we try to silence even punish people for thinking differently than we do
And raising facts and figures we don't like while we won't be red, white and blue anymore
That's why Mark still has a job and you can't buy a Pensacola News Journal at Walmart anymore
How do you like that huh?
Exactly what's going on coast to coast from pillar to post the administration of course experts in that
Suppress and control and intimidate and threaten the media. That's what it's all about
Called fascism is what it is. There's enough. I just mentioned that in passing
Comedy 21 till one at five sixty the lowly rate. I mean the highly rated Mohawar David
Yeah, couple of tough hours in there. What's that one?
What's the drop off again from the one to two to the zero relentless faster? I am. I mean, I'm just so shocked
I mean where is it oh? Yeah
From an eight six to a two five
Oh my god
That is tragic
I guarantee if we had an eight six in the final hour you look back to the other books year after you
My dog would have like a seven nine eight one he'd be right in there. You know they keep they stay with us
Follow what I'm saying. Oh, sorry. I'm a moment. You should have told him that yesterday when you were like doing your little crossdress together
When you were like Justin is the muskrat trying to get the point
You said hey moral theory we need fewer
People's mother were laws on a year. Who is it he has for serious that one time some I don't know Josh knows
Somebody that some produced some some producer or something. Who is that some you know what I'm talking about wasn't it somebody from like
Mirror Max films or something. Yeah, that's right
There was somebody famous so let's just look it was I don't know
I know I heard you it sliced the loans great on beaters on is what it was it's something to do with Bruce will this is that
Then actually a Bruce Willis honor was it like oh, why did it it might have been I don't remember that's pretty exciting
Oh was Bruce Willis yeah, like I said keep it up. No hair cut idea from 20 before
20 before one and five sixty WQ a.m. Oh, that's supposed to be the rejoin nice going Tommy. Yeah
How
Oh
From the radio star, David B. when Stabby walks out
A bottle of anything can be placed on up to go
Just don't keep playing, you're so just to check it out
Did he rock the radio star?
David B. rock the radio star?
Okay, you can go to newtimes.com and read this
You people murdered our teal by the way
Now he was a slimeball and a crook and a bunch of other things in a pervert
But nevertheless, you people put him over the edge at new times
Good job, though
Yeah, we're not knocking you for that, we're just standing in fact
Tales of teal, I mean, is a front page story
Did you ever look at any int, man?
The drawing like the devil is in there
Unbelievable
Pick what up on the way home
Tales of teal, sleaze stories, male prostitutes and multiple mistresses
Drug money and Gucci shopping bags, bribery and extortion conspiracies
And you thought you heard it all about our teal
But you won't hear anymore
Unless you want to read this article, newtimes.com
Here it goes down for pages and pages, I mean, I just put it out a little bit here
And I just shut it off because I don't want to waste my fax paper
Should we just a little bit?
Our teal is a man of very big appetites and because of him he's in very big trouble now
Yeah, he's dead
As the investigative report below indicates the one's powerful politician is possessing
Of a seemingly insatiable craving for all things illicit
At Delta Recess, illegal drugs, bribery and extortion
Three weeks ago the West Attorney charged teal with 26 counts of meal fraud, wire fraud and money laundering
All the rising from schemes at my international airport
Oh, you can't tell me there's anything stuff Rosy going on at the airport
Oh, no
Man, those allegations followed earlier criminal charges
Brought by the date state attorney's office on March 2
Teal was convicted of threatening police officers after confronting undercover cops who were shadowing him
As part of the corruption investigation we printed here in the newtimes
Which resulted in 10 penalty counts of unlawful compensation
And October trial date has been set in that case
I don't think he's going to show to you
No, the teal investigation was initiated by the state attorney's office
Which you date police department detective to delete the legwork
Police reports generally don't make for lively reading
This one is different, it reads like a work of fiction
And for many people who thought they knew art tealed you knew the report may well be fiction, may as well be
For it's hard to believe one man couldn't have it so many different personas lived so many different lives simultaneously
And then it goes on, it's got the police reports and surveillance and he did this and put a boot, put a boot, put a bump and it sort of goes on forever
So if you like to kill some time
What?
I'm not going to put it on our website because number one it's just too long and pondracing number two
Why are you not getting a man with his dead?
One thing to knock somebody when they're down, so nothing to knock them when they're dead
Right?
No, go ahead, give them a kick
No!
Poke them with a stick
You are a bastard man, you are a real a bastard
What's speaking of a bastard?
They sure did a lot of talk and they talked to talk but they don't walk to walk
That's the problem with their waxy, okay?
They got like other than the little dog over there under Joe Rose and the reason, actually the reason he did well they ate 9 o'clock hours is because we handed their over to him
Just like we handed over that stupid ass pull in the sunsend
Because we're very generous here at QAN
There you go, we're going to put our on for now
We know everybody's going to tune out and turn over to Joe
Joe mama
Man, that's an infomity
Remember when the godfather said that's an infomity or whatever the hell I was?
What was it?
Drugs
Oh, that's right, it's an infomity or something
Someone drugged in little kids
What's that thought of a radio or TV person now that you hate like poison?
Most of all, in other words, you probably hate like all of us a little bit
Some of us a lot, but which one most?
Rush Limbaugh, 211
Pull Poppin, big fat
Kind of hearing, hypocrite rush
How's Wilma doing? How's the oxy supply coming, huh?
Whrrrr
And how many doctors you see this week?
Fuck, third man
Sorry
Ricky Tiki says he has 68, damn a bastard 42
They hate you like poison
They wish you would croak a wicked wicked death
George Rodriguez 38, the hate you
Christ, that's 33, Steve Cain 25
That's big for a guy that's his audience
You can stick him like a teeny tiny phone booth
Bill O'Reilly 24, also in South Florida, big listening audience
The Humphor has got 24
Mohawar Davin has got 22
You're talking about 21
Wilkies in the rate 21
Shron handed the 15
Time with me
Well, let's separate that time one way or the other
I don't want to have nothing to do with that one
Tony cigarette 07
Geldy 7, Bill Kamala
She's got four
Lonnie Quinn 3
And Phil Henry's got the
Oh, you know, we left off an air poll casted over
Well then
Do you think there are a lot of people that hate that
Faker like poison?
No, they do, let's stick him on there
Well, let's stick him on air
Poll casted for no vote
Kate Moss wins Label Case Over Drug Report
I got a big pile here, you know?
I might sneak a call in or two
Like line 9, we haven't taken all day, QAM
Yeah, I have three things, Neil
Yes sir
The first thing is a hypothetical question
Okay
If one of the satellite companies offered you will see a high-end
Not going to happen, or even waste your time, it's not going to happen, number two
Okay, any chance you will play the new CD by Larry King's wife?
I bet you pardon?
Larry King's wife has a new CD out, her name is...
Okay, the answer is no, and number three
Okay, last time I saw Neil Rogers, he was with Kenny Rogers
And he was walking out of a Roy Rogers restaurant
And I'm going to tell you this
I'm going to tell you this, I'm going to tell you this
I have a beautiful daughter, Kate King
She's the apple of my life
I grew up a poor Jewish kid from...
Who is this?
Neil...
Who is this?
Did they just open the door, Bellevue will let you wander around?
Get out of here, get lost
What was that?
I knew it was going to be good, I knew it was going to be very good
That was a crazy person
I see
Well, anybody that would be talking about Larry King's wife
Yeah, we're going to be playing at Georgia, we're going to be playing at all day
We're going to be playing music, okay? If he doesn't get any good calls for...
You can play Larry King's wife, yeah, I'll play her
A lawyer for Kate Moss, did you?
Would you listen to me about Kate Moss? Forget about Larry King's wife
A lawyer for Kate Moss, did you?
The British Supermodel had accepted substantial libel damages from a newspaper
that led to she had collapsed into a coma and taking cocaine
How do you like that? They must have her confused with...
Err...
Terry Shagel and a governor's daughter Noel
Isn't that what you'd have a coma and...
Err...
You know all those things, okay?
Go with the governor
All of these things
An article published in Britain's Sunday Mirror
and on the newspaper's website in January alleged that
during a visit to Barcelona, Spain in June 2001,
Moss collapsed into a drug-induced coma and had to be revived after taking large amounts of cocaine
Large amounts
The allegations are untrue, Moss's lawyer Gerard de Turelle said Wednesday
Turelle said publish your Mirror Group newspapers
a little bit of it accepted that the allegations were false
and should not have been published
He said the two parties had agreed on a substantial figuring of damages
but didn't say what the amount was
Probably a few thousand
The newspaper solicitor Philip Conway acknowledged the allegations made against the model were wrong
and it problems us with the distress and embarrassment caused
I want to apologize for the distress and embarrassment of the people of WNMA
for my saying that Mr. Homo Fobo's under a station
and that they actually had a number
So you have an assigning their marginal numbers which isn't much of one or two or three away or a point eight
Two for years now
Yeah, well they keep only because of the fact that nobody knows what these...
For example, let me just take one chunk
Okay, can I handle a chunk?
All right, of the ratings
Like, okay, here's the overall six-end of midnight
Big by the way was number one overall, man 2554, big 106
Paul and Ron, man
They like it with no competition, they're thriving over there
Hot 105, I mean these are stations everybody heard of
But then when you get out of the list, that's a couple of pages
Well, let's see, here's WSUA with a 11X Aradio Suave
No spaghetti English, WETFM which is Palm Beach
WRMF Palm Beach, WLQY, Lucky 13, well what is that?
Doesn't that they play like Frank Sinatra and Peggy Lee with or without the mole?
Okay, if you say so
They got a .5, they didn't show up at all in the last book
Waves, I think that's Haitian Melody, Melody's .5
WNBM, that's also Haitian Melody's .4
WJNA and then Palm Beach, I don't know what the...
WWFE, Aradio Faye, that's the no-speak anyways
WNMA has got a point three and again that is not Mr. Homo Fobo's station
WFTL is 0.3 and I scroll in Norma
You were a big part of that, I'm sure you had the .3
He had the .5
Him and Velo Raleigh, WACC AM.2
Isn't that one of those 85 stations that Buddy Butt had in fact, remember?
Were you with me when we got the tour of
When Paxton bought IOD and he gave us the tour of that building over there
and he took us around all here, there's one station over here and here's production
You were with me?
Big Taj Mahal over here
Yeah, yeah, yeah
And upstairs was WACC, no spinning lays, I think I think he owned that for about five minutes
You're right, you're right, I do remember that
No spinning lays
So anyway, that's those are the kind of stations you find out there in the bottom
So who the hell knows what they are and who gives it to him quite frankly
What?
Who gives a crap is what I said
Well let's see if we can top that last call, that was pretty good
Coming to QAM, hello
All the time for a break in
It's gonna come to school
We already have school
Okay, so it did is, which way you'll buy 60?
She way you
It's God, Velo
When I'm up in Belkettika, slapping all women with paint and lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers, they're in balance one to two hours
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
I'm a showman of peelishers, thanks
You did that
I don't know what to say
The washers joystakes made that weekend by stealing your memory destroy your genuine boy
You did it
Ah, he overlooks me to that topic in a week to celebrate the victory
The week is still saying boys, but that's not the one you like since
It came from her dad and always told
I think I thought I thought I might get the troll
And it's not the point that I'm supposed to make it a wall
I need a wall
I need a wall
I need a wall
I need a wall
I'm supposed to tell you
101 at 560 WQM, Kashmir O'Bizgaro has got a vote already. You know who voted for him?
What's in the end?
Doc speaking of radio personalities and using the term loosely
Dr. Laura Slik, we need 109 votes to get to our 700 in this hour
We can do that, can we? Yes we can
109, remember a PT 109?
Yes, and we're about 409 by the beach boys. Remember 409?
She's real fine
My 409
Anyway, Dr. Laura Slikinger, who's not so fine and is a real piece of crap
Second most familiar talk host in America. Does that tell you what's wrong with America right there?
That's what's wrong
That's according to a new study
Discompleted by San Francisco based market tools
An association with consultant Mahalem Cook
That tested the familiarity of 16 syndicated radio hosts with a sample of more than
1800 talk radio listeners nationwide. You read all those numbers down good all of them
Slesenges for mediary rating 64%
Were second only to promote radio networks talk tighten rush, pill pop and much despised limboi 87%
Routing out the top five most familiar talk host among most surveyed are
Wastewood ones Bill O'Reilly, 63% who's still doing a 0.3 in South Florida
Air America radio is Al Franken 49% who's putting a big truck taking a big dent into
Russia's audience in South Florida and ABC radio networks the anxious strong hand of the 37%
Slesenges indication company take on the day LLC commission to just release the...
Oh I see
They probably have some kind of a mailing list and they surveyed the people on their mailing list
First indication company commission to study and what is the price you came in a strong second
Yeah right, bogus 20 below me kind of like a big pile here you know it better get it
It's a busy
The Wall Street Journal's first page Tuesday offered a detailed piece in emrating the concerns of a former Bush administration aid and continued the
Loyalist who was criticized the president's handling of a rack reconstruction
The article tells of Stuart Bowen a Texas lawyer who partly did job on Georgia's WSF
Coventatural campaign in the senior post in Austin and Washington he began the Iraq war
Loving for an American contractor seeking tens of millions of dollars in reconstruction work
Bowen was also seen as a part of the Bush machine that he was so part of it
Rather than he was single out by name and a report by Representative Henry Waxman who worried about the
Positization of a rack inspectors general the job to which Bowen was appointed
Bowen also worked on the 2004 to recount team and serve as associate counsel under Alberto Jose Mennies Gonzalez
That pieces worth reading in sincerity but is paid restricted raw story that's a website that is from
Had a few excerpt the graph things below paragraphs my reading this well or what not whatever
Stuart Bowen discovered a U.S. office in a rack and paid a contractor twice for the same work
A U.S. official was allowed to handle millions of dollars in cash weeks after he was fired for incompetence
Of the $119.9 million allocated for regional projects
89.4 million was just first without contracts or other documentation
An additional 7.2 million couldn't be found at all
Mr. Bowen has become one of the most prominent credible critics of how the administration has handled the occupation of a
Rack in a series of blistering public reports these details systematic management failings lacks or not existent
Overset and apparent fraud and bezel men on the party U.S. officials charged with administering the rebuilding efforts
Mr. Bowen this is not related to Joe Bowen Mr. Bowen's audits later found evidence that a public relations or Jimmy Bowen
A public relations push to use capture directly money to build small scale rebuilding projects by the handover date
Led contracting officials to take short cuts that made it difficult to determine where the money actually went
In Hill offer instance the contracting officer told Mr. Bowen's investigators that even given 6.7 million cash on June 21
With the expectation that it was spending a tear amount before the handover which ultimately took place two days earlier than planned on June 28
In one of his most attention grabbing reports issued January 30th
About 30 minutes
2005 Mr. Bowen concluded that the American occupation authority failed to keep track of nearly $9 billion that it transferred to a record government ministries
Which like financial controls and internal safeguards to prevent abuse one Iraqi ministry set in the audit and played in this payroll to receive extra funds
Planning to employ 8206 cards when it actually employed barely 600
The report sparked harsh responses from most Mr. Paul Bremer the former occupation chief in the Pentagon
Mr. Bremer tried to the auditor for respecting conventional levels of levels of accountability saying that given the situation in CP if not in a racket liberation
This is an unrealistic standard
In an November 2004 report Mr. Bowen took on the big contractor Haliburton in two separate reports
Yours the army would hold nearly $90 million in payment sale of it and because the company couldn't justify what it charged the government
The report added that weakness in the cost reporting process which was such a problem that his investigators couldn't do a standard audit of Haliburton's bills to the CPA
Haliburton's spokeswoman Kathy Manson's the Houston-based oral services and contracting company is working with the army to resolve the matter
And we expect to work through any remaining issues in a co-operative manner
Mr. Bowen's audits have also described what appears to be outright criminal behavior by several government officials
In one case an army soldier serving as the assistant to an American boxing coach admitted to gambling away half to $40,000 he was given to cover the expenses of an Iraqi athletic team during the trip to the Philippines
His case was referred to the military justice system for court martial
Mr. Bowen also recently gave the distance to government information on possible criminal behavior on the part of U.S. contracting officers in Hila
The first time government officials have been implicated in potential fraud in Iraq
The officers let the country with no record of how they had spent nearly $1.5 million it couldn't be found by investigators
It just went up in St. Aaron's smoke
It went up in the smoke baby
Yeah, maybe they rolled it up and they were smoking it
607 I got on my thing here on our pool today. What do you got?
That, 607
609
Uh oh
See?
Leave the new in the dust
Bush was on ready for post-war Iraq war
It's very shwide from the AP
Ever shopped at the N.P.?
Not lately
Always like La Blas better myself
An independent panel headed by tour and Wegwinds wasn't bad
Independent panel headed by two former U.S. national security adviser said yesterday that chaos in Iraq was due in part two in adequate postwar planning
Planning for reconstruction should match the serious planning that goes into making more said the panel headed by Samuel Berger and Brent Scowcroft
Berger was national security adviser to Democratic President Bill Clinton Scowcroft held the same post under Republican presence forward in George Herbert Walker Bush
But it's been critical of the current presence of Iraq in Middle East policies
A dramatic military victory has been overshadowed by chaos and bloodshed in the streets of Baghdad
Difficulting establishing security for providing essential services and a deadly insurgency to be port-based sand
The cost, human military and economic are high and continued amounts in the report which was sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations and Independent Foreign Policy Group
What are we going to do about those week numbers between two and four?
Two years after a stunning three week march on Baghdad, U.S. and Iraqi military forces have been unable to secure and rebuild the country
And reconstruction has fallen victim to lack of security the report said
The White House has reacted to similar criticism in the past, and by saying there was significant postwar planning
In a speech last month, the soldiers at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, President Bush pointed to the Iraqi elections in efforts to improve road schools and basic services
Rebuilding a country after three decades of tyranny is hard and rebuilding while at war is even harder
Our progress has been uneven but progress is being made, they be sand
The report said they critical miscalculation of Iraq war planning was the conclusion of reconstruction
It wouldn't require more troops than invasion itself, not only are more troops needed but they should be trained for postwar duty the task force said
Interact the task force said postwar requirements didn't get enough attention, there were misjudgments as well
This to be reported said left the U.S. Elecooked to address public security, governance and economic demands after the war
And this intern undermined U.S. foreign policy and gave an early push to the insurgency and Iraq the task force said
Afghanistan as well as Iraq reports said the postwar period has been marked by inefficient operations and billions of dollars of wasted resources
As you pour hard-working bastards out there, they're flushing your tax dollars down the drain like water
They're just flushing it baby
Let me get excited about it, anybody here?
Yeah, what are we going to do about it? Yeah, I just go with a flow, you know, I'll just shout out already
Read some more to numbers, okay? 4-2, 4-0, 4.3
Nice job on the numbers there, Duff
You ferry! 620 votes, I think we got a show, we got 51 minutes and we need 80 votes
Piece of cake shouldn't it be?
It should be
To get to 721, 79 votes, see they're pouring in one at a time
I wonder what your good friend Scott Farell, the Beast's good friend Scott Farell
I guess maybe he's going up there to get some stuff
What's that? I don't know
There's stuff up there? I don't know
No, every 10 he goes up to when he was in Atlanta, I'm visiting Farell, but what was that all about?
I didn't want the Beast off his show, as a matter of fact, at one time was he like...
And anyway, he said to me before we were going to get the Beast off
Anyway, the Panthers yesterday, I'm sure we want some hockey news in here, don't we?
Come on, let's do a hockey show!
I was thinking about that again this morning in the show
As I was shouting at my zest with my zest body wash
I'll say it again, zest body wash is manly enough for you guys out there
Well, all I can say is...
You're fairing!
The Panthers picking up manly men see this business with these enforcers, these goons on these teams
You know like Darcy Hurtichock and Ty Dolly probably and Peter Royal and Donald Bercher
Of those days they're gone now with us to salary cap, crap
Panthers created Darcy a Hurtichock for the National Predators exchange for a 4th round grab choice
100 and third overall in the weekends NHL grand
Hurtichock, the teams enforcer, has been a restricted free agent of the Panthers with 150
10 o'clock in the last season they played
He had 434 penalty minutes, 130 career games, Hurtichock, 24 been the team's player rep, not Nomo
He was acquired from Phoenix along with a second round pick in 2003
They exchanged for bad afair, well big deal, nobody cares
Darcy, the reason I mentioned that because for Royal had him on his guest one time on the phone
I'm going to kick you ass, come on, I'll be able to remember that
Right
I mean, no one thing was for Royal, he was a hoot in some ways
But at the same time he was always, I, I, I, I, I, he was kind of like that guy to call it
So they about hate, we ought to have like 50,000 votes of you people were honest because we all saw photos just overloaded with hate
Hate! They look in a mirror in the morning and they hate you, you know, even at themselves, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying it's just a place a lot of people want to get out of
So pleasant place to be away from
No, I have some pleasant memories, I can't think of what they are at the moment but I think like getting an athlete last time
Proven it's after one at 560 WQAN, good luck
Just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is
It's 30 a day plus gas while I read it linking
Cash or credit, I throw a pin but he'll give me shirts
And recall how it happened, well it's good luck it still gives me chills
What a weirdo, followed my map of star how says
And was shocked to see him sitting on her front porch was
And deleted Jolene
Yeah, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
When I walked up like I knew her
Hey, do I know you?
But I saw her hesitate
But the call of dawn started working then for her
It was too late for her in my car and rolled the windows down
Now she watched my queen and I made her crown
But the stupid crown on me and I've got Angelina Jolene
And my face man, I'm in the face man
And I think I'll keep her there with me
And charge her red hand, I can't wait
Well I hope she don't mind, I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement
And there's a price for how wonderful I sit with Angelina Jolene in my basement
Let's see, I'll get one sketch of Fred and Polar and Manning
But I bet you'd give your nascent
To have Angelina Jolene locked down in your basement
Hello, precious
Hello, precious
I'll hurt your dog, mister
And put your dog in the basket
The yellow might really make you ugly
Think it's all
Hello
Hello, we on a perfect
What the hell's the matter Jolene?
I've been kidding that
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying
I've been kidding that by aliens
You've been kidding that by again?
By aliens
You've been kidding that by aliens
Where did they don't tuck you?
Albuquerque
Albuquerque
Is that an emergency?
Where is it?
In New Mexico
In New Mexico
Albuquerque is
In New Mexico
Okay
I don't believe you
You don't have to lie to me
I want to get married, I really do
I was kicked out by aliens
I don't believe you
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
They got short hair
I don't believe you
Where are you?
I'm about 7-11
Can you give me a sloopy?
What?
Sloopy
What?
I have a blueberry wolf
I've been kidding that
I think it's your sloopy
I'll get it myself
You really?
I've been kidding that honey
I'm just a sloopy
Aliens drop a blue van
You like a Chevy van?
No
Is it a Ford?
No
What kind of van is it?
Is it the only thing to eat?
Is it the probes?
No
Folk you?
No
I'm not coming, I'm staying at the 7-11
You don't want a bar of midnight?
No
No, I don't
But I forgive you
I don't care, you can come home
I'm done with it
Bye bye
I love you
I love you
I love you
Bye bye
I hope that somebody could just play back
To back side by eats like those two
And then like, uh, ain't never said moe
And Mr. Moe man?
You say so? Moe?
Don't go, don't go
Moe is coming up at two o'clock
What a disaster in their last book mode
Those two hours are really embarrassing
Anyway, uh, 648
That means we got 52 votes to go to our 738 minutes
Piece of cake, eh?
That's what we got
A vote and a half a minute
Followed up a lot more
No problem, I hope
What's out for a radio or TV person now that you hate like poison the most
Or maybe several you hate, maybe he'd hate all of us
Like, eh, like that, I get that feeling somebody's
But most
When in doubt single one out, rush limbaugh 236
Nobody is even close to rush
Boy, his numbers are really falling
Like a, like a rock off the top of the Eiffel Tower, you know that
Rick Sands has 75
Dan LaBassue had 49
And well deserved, George Rodriguez 42
Type SNH 36 Bill O'Reilly 28
He wishes he had them any listers in South Florida
Hank Oberg 27, Sean Hannity 26
Moe Howard David in the mid-20s
They don't hate you so much Moe, they just don't listen
Mr. Ego, Mr. Homophobia Steve Cain 25
Mr. Contrive Life
Something that can drive controversy when your whole life is contrived
Still keys in the rate 23
And he'll Roger 18
Tony Cigarette or 19, a 9
Bill Kamashe's got 8, hey Bill 8
You fairy!
Geldie 8
Geldie 8 votes Paul Castro no before
Lonnie Quinn 4 and Phil Henry's got a pair
Are you sure? At least you used to have a pair but I think that somebody sliced them off
So that's how old we got so far we need 700
And some people are asking how come you need 700 because I said so
Mick Arru who fast before and I read it so now he's a why do these people do that?
I don't know
I mean the fact earlier was okay I don't even remember what Bella was
It was so memorable but I always says why has nothing ever said
The Cuba has WMD biological and germ warfare
Yet we went 7,000 miles and brought back to Cuba
So called terrorists who never had any of these things
All of these
All of these enemies
This is beyond comprehension what Bush has pulled off
He keeps drawing sand in our eyes and we stand there and take it
But a sand is coming from a big sand storm from Africa
That's right how would I put it on Tuesday?
A lot of the bad stuff comes from Africa
Like hurricanes
650 votes they're pouring in by the ones
You notice that?
I did
6502 now we got a pair
Am I a finalist?
And this is for people who just don't want to believe it, they want to get it
As a matter of fact how many calls have we had?
How many Zigen calls?
3,000,000 over the last few years, the Bush years from people saying
Oh gee well what am I supposed to say to my friends?
My people are the Bush people of Republicans
First of all if you have any friends like that number one
I'm really wondering what your problem is maybe just like a friend
And the number two the answer is that the world of coin to Bush on our website will be perfect
Tie them to a chair, prop their eyes open with toothpicks like in a clockwork orange
And force them to watch that right?
Right
Or you watch it and then you arm yourself with the uh, take some notes
Arm yourself with the truth, the truth you'll set you free or not
Not that they're not floppable, they're faith-based
Am I five analysts admit a link between Iraq war and the bombings
This is written by Michael Evans Times UK
Iraq has become a dominant issue for Islamic extremists in Britain, Am I five admitted?
Let me say it again is that Iraq has become a dominant issue for Islamic extremists in Britain
In a fresh analysis of the threat facing Britain from international terrorists groups
The acknowledgment underlines the view of the security and intelligence services that Iraq has provided an extra motivating force for terrorists
As if it took a rocket scientist to figure this out
Contributing the it to the agency's official website after these allies and bombings under the heading
Threat to the UK from international terrorism, a team of Am I five aimless concludes
Though they have a range of aspirations and causes, Iraq is a dominant issue for a range of extremist groups and individuals in the UK and Europe
After the suicide bombings in London, Jack Straw, the Foreign Secretary said there was no connection between them and the war in Iraq
This conflicted with elite assessment by the Joint Terrorism Analysis Center based at Am I five
And run by a Ministry of Defense official which claimed three weeks before July 7th that Iraq was continuing to act as a focus of a range of terrorist-related activities in Britain
The latest Am I five assessments, six to the view that there is a link between Iraq and terrorist activities and their website amalization of the Am I five officers said
Some individuals who support the insurgency are known to have traveled to Iraq in order to fight against coalition forces
It's possible that they may return to the UK and consider mounting attacks here
However, the Spanish Prime Minister yesterday backed 20 Blair's assertions that countries were under threat from Islamic terrorism regardless of Iraq war
Jose Luis Rodriguez Abatero, elected last year after the mid-grid bombings, carried through his pledge to withdraw Spanish troops from serving in Iraq
After talks with Mr. Blair at number 10, he said that his country had been on a heightened state of alert despite pulling its 1300 troops out of Iraq more than a year ago
Beyond the position that each country has adopted in Iraq, I must say that the risk is global as we've just seen in the bombing in Egypt he said
The Security Service analyst acknowledged that gathering intelligence on the terrorist cells operating covertly in Britain is difficult because they use clandestine methods to communicate and shield their activities
That's quite a surprise, eh?
Yes, I can confirm. Confirming for the first time the likely link between the London bombings and international groups such as Al Qaeda Am I five says
The bombings in London on July 7 were the first successful attacks in the UK by individuals thought to be associated with international terrorism since the US attacks of 9-11
Both British and foreign nationals linked to our sympathetic with Al Qaeda are no big don't be present in the UK
But what does he shoot in guys from Brazil?
Because they look came, listen, they got like, yeah, they got what?
Denim jacket, oh wow
27, they got the funky names
27 after one of QAM hailed
It's day out in Miami town, but she uses a 5-6-0 WQK
And through the 50th century
She hit any domestic oil
And get the pure noise
The people in the middle of the night about the same noise
Yeah, I ain't never said that the people in the middle of the night
The people in the middle of the night are the people in the middle of the night
Don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's
a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't know it's a dog, don't
know it
When you were sleepy, the door was there the way you'd go in
Hey, I've been dumbfounded and you can't even join your end
You're going to die
Oh, no, the door is at the door the door the door is at the door
It's a ghostly man
I think you'll be in the wisdom to make your death a ghostly man
And it's not an end to the death of a ghost, it's a ghostly man
Let's find it once to grant the destruction of that
You'll be in the barn of the door the door is at the door the door is at the door
Don't be minions
Why don't I use my Bohlenites to kill you before I?
....?
Yes, what?
We'll win
When I take loose caller?
Their names think we are their enemies
The guy is soy!
He's a
the door door door is at the door
They missed double fan!
So dad, thanks me, Adam, Tom!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
Oh, you!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
What's that toy?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I never said that to the door.
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
That's a giant toy!
Right here, up, on your face!
You can't break me!
You're off limits to my Shikley Rewrist.
And that's the right to vision my choice.
It is what's important, I can take my own aboys.
I don't know what I got to do, is it?
But it's not good to avoid it.
One more toy out of you when you're on a board.
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
Up and down inside and out, you better get your mitts off the merchandise now!
There are no toys, you think there's no rules.
Take off and take a pants right at me and say,
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
I got nothing to lose, it's my virginity's loss.
I'll give it back to my baggy blue shorts.
Why you want to show you who's the boss?
Let's get back to the safe, cheerio's squad!
One more toy!
One more toy!
one more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
One more toy!
What face do you want nobody to want, can you watch me for?
What's he doing here?
Oh, yeah, we have what did you say the other day when I played two back to back you said is there a conference? Yeah, I'm gonna do
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
are
on me
how's
We've got a lot of results here in the last couple of months.
Anyway, we look at how they made a liar out of me.
We got 699.
Oh.
And I say when I came back, we'd have 700 votes on the poll.
We got 699.
Yeah, maybe if I go, I'll give it a fresh look.
I'm looking forward to it.
A new survey says the Internet is all but saturated in the youth market.
If we were compiled for the Pew, they're all over the place.
Internet and American Life Project, five, then early 9 out of 10 young people,
ages 12 to 17, have online access up from about 3-quarters of young people in 2000.
And by the way, all you parents out there, they're all looking at Pornow on there.
Do you see the thing on NBC nightly news last night?
No.
Well, they are.
My comparison about 66% of American adults have now used the Internet.
David Pulliam was 17-year-old high school senior from Indianapolis.
This is a typical example of a wired teen.
He first got access to the Internet when he was 13.
As did most of those who were surveyed, he's got a blog.
He loves to use instant messaging to stay inside for the Internet the other other.
Is there anything interesting in this?
Of the teen girls who were surveyed, ages 15 to 17.
They're among the most intense users of the Internet and cell phones, including text messaging.
Yeah, I know.
It's what you want to know.
It debuts the myth of the text savvy boy, they say, as young people get Internet access at younger ages,
that trend may only continue.
And you're like that.
Yeah.
Good.
The more other kids are doing it, the more kids want to do it and the Internet too.
Still as many are wired as young people are, she says the fact that about 3 million of them remain without Internet access is caused for concern.
Many of them are low income and the disproportionate number are black.
When so many teenagers have such access, the few that don't have significant disadvantage, they say,
a Daniel Basu who has an organization that helps build the communities, goes with low income youth in Chicago,
says it's an even greater challenge to find people who teach these.
How do you use the Internet?
Well, I'll be damned.
I know somebody who would teach some young boys, you'll come all.
He knows how to chat anyway.
Exactly.
He knows how to chat.
Oops.
A Britain speaking of that, a Britain facing after this into America for perpetrating the biggest computer hack of all time,
left a message criticizing American foreign policy on an Army computer record her years today.
This guy, he ought to have like, he ought to be devolved.
Yeah.
The other pull a prince charlie on him.
Gary McKinnon, 39, is accused of accessing 97 U.S. government computers,
causing damage estimated at $700,000.
That's the addition hearing that Bozzie magistrates court was told that McKinnon of Wood Green or London deleted files
that shut down more than 2,000 computers in the U.S. Army's military district of Washington for 24 hours,
significantly disrupting governmental function.
It was claimed enough that it would let the note on Army computer in 2002 saying U.S. foreign policy
was akin to government sponsored terrorism.
The note allegedly said it was not a mistake that there was a huge security stand on 9, 11 last year.
I am solo, I will continue to disrupt at the highest levels.
McKinnon is accused of 20 counts relating to the American Army Navy Air Force NASA Department of Defense,
one allocations that he deleted files and logs from computers at the U.S. Naval weapons station
Earl at a critical time after the twin towers attack rendering the bases network of 300 computers inoperable.
Mark Summers from the American government said this dependent was acting from his own computer in London.
He effectively owned those computers by virtue of the software he had transmitted.
His conduct was intentional, calculated, influenced in the factory-west government by intimidation and coercion.
It is also alleged that McKinnon obtained secret passwords or information which might become indirectly useful to an enemy
and interfered with maritime navigation facilities in New Jersey.
How do you like that?
Adult.
When McKinnon was invited to Paul McNulty, the U.S. Attorney for Eastern District of Virginia said,
Mr. McKinnon was charged with the biggest computer hack of all time, the hearing was adjourned for October 18.
Fry his ass, okay?
No questions asked.
In fact, he's the guy that, for a poor Brazilian guy, they shot by mistake.
This guy, they should have blown his crap away, okay?
Which would have been a part of him.
It was great.
When you think that I just don't know that much about, like, Josh would know, but I mean, like, firewalls and protection and...
Yeah.
Huh?
They have these.
Really?
Sure.
What was the next week?
151, nine minutes before the mole-myster, or David-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Ord-
Just, well, that's as he of Hellen is here now.
Sick of Michael Jackson,
Town Cruise Katie Honsen with the Houston's Long Battle with Crack,
Sick of Eerie, Paris Hilton's Voice,
And I'll gentle take Brad back.
Sick of the Olsen Twins,
And here England's Eloyn lost so much weight she's not just bones.
Don't want to hear about Ben and Black,
Or when Russell Crowe starts rolling homes,
Goals done, so that breath sees our own
Ways in Charmel, pay still you've seen.
Always on the cover of the tabloid,
Magas seems I've got my own problems,
I don't give a damn if Jessica is done with Mick,
Or what do I think she'll appreciate the dignity?
Sick of seeing Britney,
Then me more camera D has a boyfriend just in Timberlake,
All on Emma plastic, one the boys,
And all of their boobs are fake.
Tired of the riot,
Renate Del Waker,
Terror, Read-Oprah, and Hillary Bucks.
Sick of hearing Demo-Belly-Aing,
Shut your mouth, I've had nothing else.
Those don't sound like parentheses,
Our own Ways in Charmel, pay still you've seen.
Always on the cover of the tabloid,
Magas seems I've got my own problems,
I don't give a damn if Jessica is done with Mick,
Or what do I think she'll appreciate the dignity?
Okay, 157.
Almost found her here, I'll be back to the August something.
What is it, two days August 8th?
I don't know, I haven't turned the page in the calendar.
How do we can have?
And I mean, time Georgia is going to be fantastic.
He's going to be really kicking some very serious ass,
They're going to be picking on him like crazy,
And Greg is going to be telling everybody in the building
Oh, I don't want to do these sucks.
Don't forget when that next trend comes out,
It's going to go down, because we're going to lose that big April,
And they can say,
Oh, it's George.
George.
Or whether it goes up or down, they say it's George.
Right.
715 votes on the poll,
I told you it makes 700,
And I'm going to just like fold off a rock,
Just like Ronnie Cox,
They're falling off the out of a robot,
Out of a canoe in deliverance.
I like the way he like had his arm behind him,
Remember that?
Yeah, I'll twist it.
I'll twist it around behind his head.
Yeah, it looked like comfortable.
Wow, that's what he deserved for,
Worse it out up there in the woods, you know?
And he was the one holdout.
It's the law, we got it in the photo, the law, yeah right.
Anyway, let me ask you one thing, okay now,
Maybe I just, I don't know,
I've always wondered this,
And then last night when I saw that clip again,
You know, the other brother up in the woods,
Remember when John Void,
He's going to shoot John Void.
Right.
And who, who kills him with the arrow?
John Void.
No, Bert, no, that's the second one later.
No, no, I'm not talking about the first one,
The second brother later in the woods when John Void is on the edge of the earth.
He eventually gets him, remember?
Because he finds him,
And he's got the arrow in him,
And he doesn't think that it's the same guy,
Because of the teeth, and then the teeth come out.
He actually, he shot him with the arrow?
Yeah, he was all taken in everything, but he got it off.
So to speak.
Okay, well, I have to watch it again, I guess.
Over the weekend.
715 votes.
What South Florida Radio or TV first outing you
A hate life poison the most?
Because South Florida, after all,
Is a place where hatred is believed me.
Trust me, you can smell it, it is palpable, as they say.
You can feel it, you can smell it, you can squeeze it.
Marsh Limbaugh 258, nobody, nobody, even can compete
With the hatred, the intense revulsion that we feel.
Rxx is 81,
Dan La Bastard, they hate you, Danny Boy 52.
George Rodriguez 45, a nice fourth place showing so far,
But not nearly what you thought.
They'll do better.
If you take an inside the building, then it's totally different result.
Touched in this 40, Bill O'Reilly 34, Sean Hannity 33,
The Humper's got about 30.
About 30, man.
Shpilky's the Rxx28, Mojave David.
28, right there in the middle of the pack.
He's become more levelable since he let his hair down.
Steve K. and Mr. Ego, Mr. Homophob 25,
Neil Rogers 18, Tony cigarette O10.
Miss Kamala, she's got nine.
You fairy, all nine.
Catcher Oma Six, Lonnie Quinn's got four,
And Phil Henry has got a small pair.
Are you sure?
Bye, bye, bye.
