See where Barry Gibbs and Barbara Streisand made an album down here.
Really?
They come back for Barry Gibbs.
Yeah, I doubt that.
Maybe they both live on Star Island, you think so?
Maybe they moved into Anita Brinsel.
Well, the VG's always live on Star Island.
The Barbara Streisand lives in California.
In the Inemsville, you know.
But in California, I thought she lived in New York.
Barbara Streisand is in California.
They don't have the house in California anymore.
I think he has two houses.
Yeah, she's probably got plenty.
We're at the VG's lived.
Didn't think they lived in New Orleans.
I think they lived over in off-altern road.
Now that was in Russell.
Next time we have lunch with Sid Levin, ask him about Lynn Russell.
Okay.
Just mentioned the name.
I remember her.
Yeah.
She was on CNN Headline News for about a hundred years, right?
Yeah.
Whatever.
She worked with you guys, right?
She sure did.
She became our program directorist.
Not that she was qualified, but she evidently...
I liked her.
She's a good person.
She's nice.
It fact, she wrote me a nice note once at one of my 80s stations along the way.
She wrote me a nice note.
Well, it's pretty unusual, isn't it?
No, we had an easy time of it yesterday, actually.
Well, I'm just looking at this story now.
Overreaction to Storm Irk's, where are you locals?
You know, on all this business about all of you.
You call that a hurricane.
Listen, wouldn't you think after Katrina, people...
And also not just Katrina and the Gulf, but what happened in Dave County from Katrina,
wouldn't you think people would rather be a little bit more safe than sorry?
The only thing that bothered me was watching the cover just today.
And there was a reporter down.
I think she was a channel 10.
She was down in Ila Marada.
And she was telling a story about a woman who was tearful because her sailboat sunk.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking about all these people who are wandering around the country now.
I don't have to leave Houston to go someplace else.
And some women's crying because her sailboat sunk.
Well, let me have a question.
What do you say?
Yeah, right.
You have a special benefit.
I mean, that was so over the top.
Well, I guarantee you one thing, the people in Texas are going to be well taken care of
because that's your president's home, you know, his state.
So he's going to take good care of them.
Too bad he doesn't live on a water.
Over there in Galveston.
Careful now.
I can smell.
If you pursue this line of commentary, I can smell suspension number 87.
He val again.
Oh, guess who's doing a show from New York today?
I'll give you one clue.
I thought he was on jury duty.
That was Monday.
His daughter is evidently either springing fourths either today, did or is or in the process
of having a kid.
So he's up there in New York to lend a helping hand, I guess.
I don't know what he's doing.
Another mo.
Do it, do it, do it.
Yeah, baby mo.
And that's something.
I thought it'd be no mo.
You were hoping.
But, you know, you talk about that line of conversation and you look at right now where
Bush ranks in terms of what the, you know, Paul's saying about him.
Yeah.
It's never been lower.
And it's not never been lower.
Nixon was like a 30.
No, no, he's never been lower.
He's never been lower.
Yeah.
And it depends on who they're talking to.
But, well, no, it doesn't matter who they're talking to anymore.
They're talking to me.
He couldn't go any lower.
Even a Republican's or he's got numbers like somebody we all know with a minus and
front in my book.
Oh, you talk about mo.
No, I didn't.
Don't start.
Say you're the instigator.
You said it first.
Don't forget.
Like somebody we all know, I'm thinking like of that other station over like your buddies
to gods, for example.
And then a LeBasterd and Jimmy Cifilis.
See, I don't think about those people.
I don't either.
And just like I said, several times, I'll say it again.
And you know, it's true when the fan was on there, that station was like about 1950 on
the dial off the right end of most of the radio, though, with their 16 watts of power.
The only people who were listening to that were the Q&A people.
There's the only people listening to people working our station because somebody gets
them all whipped up and obsessed, oh, they're going to come after us.
And we're going to sue them.
All this other crap that goes on.
Nobody cares about them.
Nobody thinks about them.
They're just like a pimple on our ass.
They are to suing what I am to suspensions.
Yeah, that's exactly correct.
Oops.
Yeah, there you go.
Number 88.
He's not even trying and he's getting more days.
God almighty.
Just don't fall off the haus.
When's your horse running again?
I don't know.
I have to call the trainer and find out.
I'm hoping that you'll run next week when I'm in New York.
Oh, now here's the, I'm so glad I'm looking at CNN right now.
This Lieutenant General Russell honor a.
This guy, he's like a creature from the Louisiana lagoon.
Never see that movie Southern comfort.
No, oh, you got to see that sometime.
You love it.
It's about the trashy nature of the people and they will buy you in the car.
Yeah, it's he shouldn't really knock on every when it's down, but I will anyway because
I'm not going to suck up and say New Orleans is a great place.
It's not the average IQ.
There is got a minus in front of it.
But anyway, this guy, you know, this honor, right guy with this old T got that he wears.
They had a press conference yesterday.
Now when he's been interviewed on television every time they ask him a question, he'll,
well, I think it's over.
Over.
He gets the end of his comment over like he's doing now, you know, military or shortwave
or CB radio over.
So he's doing a press conference yesterday where he was bitching out all the media because
he didn't like their questions and he finished his sentence and he's over and he's standing
right there in front of these people over.
This man is dumber than a box of rocks, man.
It's just a pathetic, but he's what that whole buy you areas all about.
He's the he's the postage child for New Orleans.
When you say a movie about that, there's been a lot of movies.
No, it doesn't come for it to really go to be a little bit better.
I'm telling you, I recommended highly.
Okay.
Also, I said yesterday that we ought to get you a computer, but you probably won't use
it.
I have a computer.
See, I get bad information.
I know it.
I thought I heard you say a long time ago that you find the guy on the computer.
I've had a computer for years.
You're on the internet?
I can be if I know, but you're not.
Yeah, I'm, yeah, I would.
Why would you have a computer?
What would you do with it if you're not on the internet?
Oh, for a while, I was, you know, I was getting and sending emails and I forget about
email.
Well, there's a couple of things.
One, I worked for a network and out of Connecticut where I have to send them copy or they send
me stuff, you know, that kind of thing.
Yeah, but you don't need the internet for that.
Well, I get, you know, travel things, you know, all my travel information.
I want to upgrade.
We're going to like, we're going to get Josh Cortis or somebody over there and upgrade
your system and get you with a 21st century.
My system is fine.
I just don't use it.
Well, why not?
Because I don't like it.
I don't like that.
Man, it doesn't either.
What?
Man, it doesn't have all my gut.
I think those people at the other station are right.
We're a bunch of old funny days on this station.
Man, I don't think there are any of these computers.
I think that I'm like technically oriented.
You know that I have repaired more different things, not that we have technical problems,
but like different like when the phone they sent me a new modem here.
I've done more technical stuff in here than the whole engineering department's done under
in the last eight years.
I can't knock the engineering department, fix it, went out and had to get parts to fix the
commodes here.
Yeah, because the building didn't do it.
Exactly right up his alley.
You went out, got it.
I always said he knew his crap.
Well, he got it done.
Old fix it.
In fact, when I look at him, I'm picking holy crap.
He is the poster child for silly person.
A lot of poster children run around.
There's a general honor rate.
What do you mean, sir?
What?
There's a storm out here.
Wow, he just sends me right to the bulls, speaking of that.
So fix it, fix the commodes, that's nice.
It's nice to know we work at a radio station where they care enough to fix the toilets.
Well, he went out and did it on his own.
Yeah, he probably, you know, nature was calling.
I didn't know that.
Maybe Fat Boy was in there again, you know?
I blew the whole place up.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I don't want to go into it today.
I heard a story about him one time.
It was just so grotesque.
He'd lose meals from 20 years ago.
Well, say how do my buddy sit-al-of-in?
I would, and you know, something I'm having lunch with said next week.
I told you, see, that's my second.
You were unbelievable.
I am.
I get together with Sid every two or three with that Mickey Dane the Shane.
I get together with Sid every two or three months.
He's a wonderful man.
He really is.
He's great.
And he gave me my start in this market.
I can blame him for all of this stuff.
And we had the Jim Alton was on here in the morning.
And with Lynn Russell, he's dead now, Jim Alton.
Yeah.
All right.
Maybe tomorrow morning we'll reminisce about all the dead people
that we worked with in the business since it's, you know,
it's all great or somebody wish we're dead.
Yeah.
All right, here he goes again.
Yeah, yeah, all the grief.
And you keep instigating, instigating.
You didn't have to mention anything.
I didn't say him.
You could have said something nice.
Like, congratulations to my friend Howard.
I was a grand new grandchild.
You could have said something.
I wouldn't say that, but you might.
I wouldn't say that.
Somebody told me yesterday, because that was my memory
as faulty when he gets to be old and seen now like us.
But you hated him before he came into the building
is what I'm told.
Well, I didn't like what he said before he came
in the building.
Oh, is that what it is?
I thought it was like some personal, like you ran across
and somewhere.
I run across him over the years, but he was not hiding
enough.
Obviously, doing it.
It wasn't with a truck.
But anyway, he was doing, you know, money
and I football when I used to see him around.
Right.
But he remember the first interview he gave before he came
here, he told the board stock is boring.
Yeah, and he was going to change it.
And he's going to make it really interesting.
And I didn't think that was a good way to come in
with sports.
And then he also said that he was going to put the mad dog
in his place.
Remember, he was going to sit here and he was going to like
explain to him who was boss and who he thought it'd be
the star in the broadcast.
That comment said everything there is to say.
Yeah, that's the told you about that big pompous.
So he had a different approach.
I mean, it's not a lot of people who speak in a dead
people put gopages wife on the air or cases stingles
daughter in law.
Yeah, whatever.
Well, you have a good saying daughter.
I'm not saying anymore.
No, that's good.
OK, because I'm smelling number 89 is going to be on
the calendar pretty soon.
Well, you got to tell the end of the year when Greg
leaves.
Now, just one final note.
No, the beast evidently, because the asteroid
yesterday, how is it that he came across that
industry inside radio?
I wish he wouldn't have done a beast because I
subscribed to that thing.
And I just had to email them to stop faxing me.
It's every day that inside radio.
And they start faxing at five o'clock in the morning
and it wakes me up on a hurl page after page.
And I just faxed email them and said, stop faxing the crap.
Send it by email.
You idiots, you quizzlings.
But somebody in the sales department,
ever done the giving my heads up on that thing
being under a couple of days ago about Greg leaving.
I don't know.
I walked in the other morning and he showed it to me.
I mean, you said that yesterday again.
It's not good.
Don't keep saying that.
That's always.
Especially the beast and engaged man.
We don't want to hear that he showed it to you.
I'm trying to encourage him to gamble so that he can
supplement his income.
There you go.
Well, he's a big slot guy.
You know, he was stuck up to me that time.
He was trying to get George's job.
Well, he loves wheel of fortune.
He's a big slot.
Well, you know that because you were doing the show
in the Bahamas that time.
Yeah, right.
It was puns in his gut stuff.
OK.
I was he playing quarter slots or?
Yeah.
Go quarter slots.
Well, he knows the limitations.
Family that's got the cash that his family's got.
Hey, he better learn from Stu God's man when your family's
gots it and grab it.
Yeah, have a great day.
You too.
Too much.
Please.
All right.
Wednesday.
See you tomorrow.
Now I'm up here.
And you yet to down there in the paradise.
We're broadcasting from the plushly and printed
abandoned studios at WMCA, New York.
For the home and a good guys.
Yeah, it's good to be back in New York.
A town so great they had the name it twice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
conditions rupck
Get that hair! We just want to drop the air.
I'm gonna fight a fight for high school.
Ah, ha, ha, I'll fuck it in here.
Since it was closed.
I'll never fight me in here.
What?
To the right.
What?
To the right.
To the right.
What?
To the right.
To the right.
What?
To the right.
What?
To the right.
To the right.
To the right.
To the right.
Don't look here.
I'm just going to go around by.
With that side chain.
Your standing is a bit of a draw.
CMO, Moe laughed from New York today from Matuda 4 in that exciting?
Yeah, right.
Thank God George has a good memory, so we remember we had that New York moment.
That was great.
That's cool.
Like a rubber glove.
10-14-5-60-WQ-A-M.
Hey senpai.
Plain game.
Plainmow but los interpol, the 100.
Lisa Menon say five momino Reno What's the Hubble!
Hubble how rattled dry Bob Open now.
I can't believe that.
That's not what I wanted to play.
Can you believe we got it?
She's in this DCP midst and two bits of the same name.
I'll be in. That's shocking.
The plane game.
I don't know.
Oh my god.
The plane.
For the left to the right.
Change.
Left and right.
Shhh.
From left to right.
From right to the left.
Everybody.
Make it make it make it make it.
Go, make it, and then a
change.
Take, five, and go make it.
Make it.
The plane game.
That was shocking.
Wow.
First to show you that you can pick like
almost any letter to the alphabet.
any word it's ever been invented we got some crap in the computer there showed up
well I could just show another thing too and it is if you're on the air for about a hundred years
you get the whole collection of real crap it's 10 20 if you are I'm speaking of crap there's
that Chad Vetsie Everett and the whole thing about the hurricane you people that are all
PO'd about well everybody got us all whipped up and much into about nothing and a lot of inconvenience
you know I understand because many a time especially local politicians it's like the boy who
cried wolf and they get everybody all whipped up you know up into a frenzy the boy who cried the
wolf looks great and then nothing happens right and a lot of times different oh good reason
like when a mere teeny peony that time got everybody all whipped and the thing was already north of us
and it was uh up to Palm Beach County wasn't going to have any effect at all on data broward
and oh how dare you people but an else sunshine went out there waving his ham hocks member at that
restaurant I think it was the Floridian or one of those yes it was a Norma hangs out was it oh it's
that kind of place no well yeah but anyway one of those kind of places and then he was chewing him out
how dare you open up and shame on you and the mayor to it first of all a mayor peony winnie wasn't
a mayor of last time I checked for a lot of day or anything to do with broward county that's number one
and number two there was nothing going on it was already passed Al sunshine is he still on the
year I guess yeah waving his ham hocks man what a disgrace what a joke speaking of disgrace
roadside bombs explode near three us convoy's in and around Baghdad they wounding two soldiers
the attacks came a day after the death uh toll for us forces rose to 1903 1903 since the Iraq attack
just every day we start with a little bit of Iraq news because things are going swimmingly well
oh we're fine we want to pass along the good news because freedom's on a march 1572 votes
on the pool yesterday what one thing you want to know most before you die I thought that was
got an interesting pool I don't think I've ever done that one before ever that's starting today
though we're going to be doing a lot of repeat the polls because if you think that what did I tell
you about this coming back to do in five days a week again I have no problem with that other than
this pool business and of course it's like Frankenstein and a monster we created it and now we
have to like continue feeding it right yeah because the audience out there in case you have
noticed the audience is very hungry they want to continue being spoon fed and you got to
swoop down about the hurricane nothing happened and then of course the last time was just the
opposite when Katrina came through broward and day the before winter the guffal went crazy and
all gee he didn't give us enough warning and we really created a lot of them well how do I
suppose to know how to how does uh ed rap report suppose to know or max mayfield or Curtis may
field how do we suppose to know bottom line if there's a cloud out there in the
way with the cloud in the sky fall into the water can expect the power to go off several times
although thank you FPL for getting just about everybody's power back on real quick
say close to show you when you least expected 1572 votes what one thing you want to know most
before you die before they put your sorry ass into a box is their life after death 364 people
want to know that uh no don't forget man created gods in his own images and that's the way it goes
man creates gods in his own images I think that's uh the way it goes yeah it's a bunch of crap okay
and his wrath shall wax hot course god is perfect so we couldn't possibly have any wrath that's
why all of these gods they have all these human uh failings and the frailties and characteristics
because man invented gods so therefore when you expect that yes right in his own image
where his wrath shall wax hot unless you do is kill all those goyem uh get working on it
is there life at other planets 242 who killed JFK 201 life 50% of America so dumb 158
Abu Garib is there really a god 148?
no god i thought this audience would already know the answer to that question was 911 a
neocom conspiracy 117 maybe maybe baby just read that peanut uh pleasure of allegiance
this hang cold vergae 98 and of course i really don't think so but if he keeps saying to be
showed it to me i'm gonna like start getting nervous whereas Osama Yamama 38 so you see we're
half right about hankin the computer thing Josh yeah well you know he has one but he's not
using it right and emails are starting emails are good start that's right although be honest with
the emails most most emails is crap when you agree with that it depends on the source and the nature
yeah especially on yahoo but you have to have how many bulk mesen i hate that yahu and it's your
fault to i hate yahu like worse than you're using it wrong i'm not using it well i mean i
use it when you send a message which is very rare but then bulk you have 822 bulk messages
you just delete them yeah you just i do you know i just click to one thing i delete them right
you think i'm opening each one of the regular email that stuff goes into your main folder
right oh there's crap goes into there too as a matter of fact not not with me
yahoo blows where's Osama 38 what are the elevid herbs and spices the curl be used in 32
liar talk show collar such a holes 25 how many licks does it take to get at the center of
a tootsie pop 24 is that a they're a common that yes maybe the worthless candy guy grandpa would
answer that who shot two pack 22 who's buying me a six pack does my fast cheat on me 22 who killed
cock robin 20 is it a horse you were four leaf clover upgrade reads that don't ask 18 i think
both of the above he's got to have a hole well what's the secret of the big mac secret sauce 15
i got a great line that would tie those together but i don't like it always does my spasino
i cheat 12 who killed merlin monro 8 and his elvis still live 8 see this intellectual audience
that i interested in celebrity puff crap like elvis and merlin monro although i take the merlin
roe has got tremendous political consequences because he was supposed to hold a press conference
and out the candidates that i've made she was p.o. to them for bobby dumping her yeah well and then all
about a big peter lawford and bobby showed up at her place and next thing you know she was
popping a lot of pills they said that she died from a i don't even know if i'd dare say this would
joys hang over her head she died from a poison enema barbiturates i heard right but an enema yes
in other words she got poisoned in the back don't wow i'll shoot hurricane reader picked up strength
today is a churn toward the Texas Gulf Coast was upgraded with category four wins topping 135
miles an hour you see how fast these things pick up so those of you people say oh jee you know
just consider yourself lucky that there are those of us around to give you a little bit of information
okay some of you too stupid to come in from the rain including you idiots in the keys by the way
oh it wasn't all that bad look pretty nasty to me they're just lucky that this thing didn't take
just a little bit of a jog you know it at eight o'clock this morning read was a hundred and
ninety five miles west of key west now it's two hundred and some miles and seven hundred and
nine miles east southeast of corporate christ the corporate christy text is and i can guarantee you
you can bet uh... uh... uh... vocriffin's life on it that uh... your president's gonna take real good care of his constituents in
Texas because even though those other states lose the enemy to be in alabama or good old boy red
states it don't get no redder than Texas and of course that being his stomping grounds where he was
governor or at least uh... to theoretically uh... he's gonna take real good care of them people he's
bringing glean camber to sing yelviston and john to sing it erase the money all you start an
interest for people out there just wait till we get that music on the issue of the most of the uh...
residual start coming in this is new rhodes this is five sixty two eight
don't tell me um
come on and they don't come any better than Todd Keller
you're not something that work
to let go okay
take one their
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I
actually Josh Kordes need to be happy about that bit. He doesn't get it. Oh, he doesn't get what? What? You didn't get the bit. Roxy. Of course I did. No, just pretend you didn't get it. Then you won't have to say anything. How about those marlins, baby? Oh, man, lots of girls. Team last night. That was bad. Well, Houston won last night. So, doesn't that put them three games behind these strobes now? Yeah, three back. Of course, strobes. And Detroit, we used to call that Tiger P. Strow's beer. But anyway, there were three games back with 11 to go or something like that.
And that's looking to good. Especially on the night when the Phillies lost to Atlanta, they could have made a little hay there, but nevertheless, who cares? We got the Marling games tonight. We got Mo from New York at two, mad dog four to six thirty five. I'm realizing now that mad dog, they're wasting him badly because he's on most of the baseball season, which is a huge part of the year. He's only on for like two and a half hours. Am I right about that? And I know we're paying him. Thanks to Joel Feinberg. We're paying him like Zillions of dollars and big bucks. The Zervily Show mad dog don't get me wrong. But to do a two and a half hour show.
I'm sure he's okay with that. I'm sure he is. So I'm thinking like him two to five and then maybe Mo five to seven. Marlins on deck six thirty five. And of course, the Marlins, they made the same mistake on here they did yesterday. Six thirty five to seven, ten Marlins on deck. Then we sign off for technical repair for 20 minutes. Seven thirty. The Marling game followed by the Ed Kaplan gambling show. I don't get that. But then again, it's clear. And she's had a lot of pressure now that the Beast got the hits to his getting hits. Got engaged. I guess the Clarence is going to have to look for a different company at night. Former Peirce.
The president Jimmy Carter yesterday accused the Bush administration of failing to maintain the standards at the agency he created in 1979, a figure that Democrats said led to the disaster that he fell to Orleans after was struck by Hurricane Katrina. You haven't seen it on air. Speaking of idiots. They should call on general honor. It should be general ornery. There's Mickey. We're working very closely with the government. I worked this you idiot you quizzling Carter who served as a president from 77 81. City made three promises when he created FEMA at the request of the nation's governors who had asked
him to put under one umbrella the 16 agencies that were custom dealing with after disasters. The promises were that the agencies leaders would always be highly qualified. The agency would always be an independent agencies and would always be adequately financed. Carter said the hiring of a brownie brown to head FEMA was a disgrace. His word disgrace all three of those promises have been violated the 80 year old former governor of Georgia total pack all of his presidential library in Atlanta. Not too far from planes. I really don't know where planes is. Do you know where planes are?
I think that the people who live in planes if the president of brothers any indication and Rosalind and what was the daughter's name Amy Amy Carter very good. Now she looks like definite kind of that kid up with a banjo in the tree like one of the beastlies. You know she's definitely part of that clan poor girl. Yeah. In fact, you ever see her and Chelsea Clinton together. What is that about at least one thing you can say for the Bush family? Okay is the daughters relatively speaking are smoldering. They're smoking compared to some of these other presidential daughters in recent years.
Right. It's just one of those things. That would be a good pull question someday. Yeah. Presidential offspring. I mean we could put you know we could like to do an asterisk and put most grand the kid on there too when we find out what it is. And I do emphasize what it is. Okay. Here's our poll today and yes it is time for some repeats. The good part about the repeats which is going to be a extraordinarily frustrating to the audiences that when I can go back and thanks a lot Eric by the way you are doing it man. Some days. But I can go back into history here and find all the polls we've ever taken on this show. And then I can
click on it and it gives the result with all the names that were on there. So like the one today for example the worst TV actor actress ever which we did about a year ago is or was and then we're getting a lot of votes on there we're doing okay but uh so we already start with a long list. So these people are want to use their opportunity calling rather than to say something profound and prophetic and prophetic. Just to give me a name I got one for the poll that's going to like this will hasten the demise of that whole deal. I'm sure they'll have some to add on here. They'll call anyway. And then when they call and say Freddie Prince I'll have to look up six
to hunt and then we find out some are already anyway we got three of the eight nine votes and at this rate we got a shot in a thousand a Josh. So forget about that Marlon's last last night that small potatoes who cares about such crap right baseball just a game least beat Boston last night five
not an exhibition game anybody care about that at the cops Coliseum in Hamilton anybody know where that is no all the cops know. And I want to get noticing in the exhibition this game is that they're they're having a shootout at the end of the game whether this no matter what the score is in other words even if it's not tied there's no overtime they
have a shoot out just to give the players practice shooting out. I'm sure that the judges are excited about that but what five six seven oh five six yeah I guess I'm going to give the
result of a poll read this list the names then it'll be like one thirty almost time to go home by the time I got this we got three hundred E nine votes well there's so much crap on TV and of course
jikas spends all this time writing about all these TV shows and the practice that 95% and below even worse than the hurricane Rita and Katrina combined they
blow Tom worst of all time actor actors Donald Trump 41 Chuck Norris 39 and I think tomorrow when I give you the result then we'll
compare with the original poll from a year ago and you'll say oh yeah uh Tony Danza 35 and deservedly so he really gives me
Phil Fee's man why makes me think of my stuff five saggett rhymes with baggett 25 Torrey spelling 24 how you spell them at David
Caruso 17 now he's the guy with the orange hair correct mr. T. I know who he is mr. T 16 Roseanne 16
action kuchi kuchi kuchi 14 who's doing demie uh cano reaves 13 he's a losing the fast by the way he's uh losing I still say he he
doesn't have a uh he doesn't have what you think he does that what I'm just telling you there's just something strange
about that guy there's something bizarre there's something missing like a part cano reaves speaking to that 13 he's right
under action at the moment change a walker 13 friend russia the nanny 12 she sure and always me more than anybody I've ever seen in my life
even off TV she could be the most annoying she makes most seem like a uh good Samaritan Paul Coven 12 will Smith 12 Ray
Romano 11 now Ray Romano said everybody knows Raymond correct oh boy I'm gonna change my vote well look at this
we deposed the rest of the Houston region all those poor bastards all the good news is they're getting most of
those people out of Houston and the good news also was it's only Wednesday so they got Wednesday and they got
most of the whole day on Friday there are no excuses in Texas man and you can be damn sure they're not
gonna screw up over there uh david haselhoff ate despised and reviled by everybody except the germans
they like the name jerry sign filled six kelly rippa six herbivilice is five thons johnson five
lnd generate five susan summers for the art these are really a bunch of annoying people the question
is annoying though the worst actor actress on tv ever uh joliel white for who's that who that I don't know
I don't know joliel white is uh urkel oh oh jeez i get spilky's from urkel too john ridder for
ristan pieces mario Lopez three he was on at horrible show with me the alleged rapist on what show save
by the bill and never watch that shit maria well i didn't want to neither but i know who he is
because he was accused of rape that it did a Lorenzo lamas three not that's bad you probably voted
three times for poor Lorenzo i would have but no i voted he used to look real pretty man that
ericist rata three john revolted three vincent down a fri o3 who's that i know i don't know
the driver uh el don a fri or whatever his name is danie most three and i that's a happy day's in it
correct uh answer Williams is right under danie he's got three angel alansbury there we've got a
pair martin short two he's Canadian boy max bear two john stay most two oh pick it on black
you huh then the iL o2 hey them Henry winkler won the funds hey hey Henry you fairy uh jody foster one
hey jody you fairy bill cost the one and the gripeth one and none yet for dick bandike marie
Tyler more k-jaxon alan thick pretty and the prince david brini merideth backster and look at
the way those two always seem to pop up together merideth brin brini and buddy epson old buddy out of
four hundred and two already we could do twenty thousand votes today dry this is meal rather
a dry this is five sixteen q a f
absolutely it's time when all the netwoods battle in their ratings war
uh
while i stare at the tube and ask myself what the hell am i watching this crap for
it seems every four one more and more amazed
but the show's got no appeal and lately i'm getting the face that i
better off with let's make a deal
how come all those news shows seem on the air when they're all sensationalized here
oh
okay ten forty six fourteen before eleven and five sixty-five two and i don't see the
funds uh ring like crazy with names for the pool today or with any other uh important stuff
and i see it up we're stealing their thunder with us they're probably having like meetings on
that the audience you know the regular chronics but we don't know he's got the whole list
from last time we uh exactly see that that's why it would be better to repeat pulls if you
went through the whole process again it would be ponders won't be the point of that right we
already have the the first six hundred names for it on there the the basics of it over
he just sends me man straight to the bowl there are a lot of people send me i'm going to
waste a lot of time at the bowl you know i'm not talking about the orange bowl
why see very jackass was right this morning about uh the uh hurricanes are getting a little
period because uh the orange bowl improvements aren't going on as supposed to be going and uh
you're mayor you're no speaking to you as mayor he says the one whose kid is making those
phony twenty dollar bills he says uh as long as he's around at the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
hurricane's are going to play in the orange bowl and settlement so on and he knows about the
bowl man believe me that any qa m hello
that many qa m hello see all the calls are going to be like this now because now they can't
build it yes sir hello
i think their tongue is tied now right to a telephone pool w a m hello
i think it'll suck yeah good w a m hello hey hello you guys okay sir
hello yes speak to me yes uh and uh all the calls will be like today why doesn't Bush
put down those vacation on mints i can see what with the real people go through now
yeah you'll notice how fast you got a norlings yesterday man you got on that uh US
that uh air force one and man they hide tailed out of their fast after that i can say we just come
with a banjo underneath all like i said that high pressure system that real high i i i i i i
is uh luck they're lucky for that because that's the one that's going to keep that thing from
making that northward turn allegedly until a very late on in the process and they're actually saying
that if the high uh you know if he keeps moving real fast re-arita then it actually might uh hit
like brownsville Texas wait out there by mexico maybe guys after the mexicans uh what they name
that tell them brownsville brownsville probably because it's near me see it just that you're like
kank you see you want you give the set up line and you want me to say something really nasty and i
got to take the crap for it there you are not fooling me you're out of me huh you and your buddy hank
probably have plan and have meetings uh probably email each other tonight uh you know it
ways to set me up to say terrible things about my good buddy mo
show from the york today and uh probably uh with some of the
tests from celebrating the big-genst victory.
WKWM hello George Law George is chid
mellan up Northsville sir the guard and the cave found
yeah the real totally less dogs okay good one
awright the king how could i get a name to that one
Talking to add one by telling me what it is
Yeah, Conan O'Brien. Conan O'Brien is very good. He I would say he's an actor, but he's a TV person
We got other people in there that aren't well. We're gonna pretending to be not he said Donald Trump's not an actor
He's not in like a game show over over the whole of a game show. He's like an actor like a game show
Okay, it's not a game show. It's a contest
Well the contest, but there's a little speed. It's a reality show. You know you're with a Mr.
You don't know your reality shows, Mr
That bird's center is gonna come and kick your little ass
Tell you he's gonna throw it off the 79th Street Cosway paper go over there again, which I wouldn't if I were you go over and see
Sunny and see how the market's coming. Oh, there's sunny out there sitting on the corner
Sunny's got a franchise right here in Toronto
I do think some of these homeless people have got a franchise. I told you that story a couple years ago about the woman that they followed
She sat on the same corner every day, you know with a cup and a whole thing a homeless with a sign and
Every day she would leave at a certain time so they won't they followed her the media and she got into a nice new automobile
Be only followed to a new or condo
Good scam man
Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir sounds like Reverend Jones right off the bat
WQ. I am hello
Pretty good that only two words that was although I did have one yesterday where you just took the breath remember that right
We're not speaking a word. I knew it was him so that I'm getting better as in my old age as I get to be more senile
Of course, this is the old fart station. Keep that in mind. Okay. All new young whippersnappers under the age of 100
You better go over to that other place because we're just a bunch of old fat Jews
WQ. I am
Blaster is no longer God
Okay, WQ. I am hello
There are so many are pull man. I'll tell you that right now all I can say to that guy is you very good. Let's see line nine Q.A.M
Not there what a shame that was a good one too is probably from Rochester probably like I call him again from Iran to quit
Sensor it in the name of the Lord conservative Christians read in Hollywood blockbusters. This is this long. Oh, it's too long to read now
But it is it's pretty good indication of what's going on in America these days
And then I have an article about the quotes Howard Beal. I've seen the face of God. I got some good stuff here actually
I got a really fine pile today. We got only three hours to kill. Oh come on. What?
Take some more of these calls. I am gonna take a lot of calls today
I'm gonna take a lot of calls from now on now we don't have a worry about well
I got one for the fall. Yeah, I sure you do we got 7,000 names on there already see we really played a little game with
Their minds today because I got this one in addition to which it helps for getting a lot of early votes on there because you know
I changed the pool by eight o'clock and a morning right 444 were two thirds of the way to the anti-Christ man the six six six we got
444 it's not even 11 o'clock yet. I'm saying a thousand votes to Anna pole Josh
I'm saying it. I'll bet you made it Bell and fat boys life on it and we'll throw in the Friedman too. How's that okay?
452 they're coming in in chunks the worst TV actor actress ever is or was B and who's leading so far
That's kind of interesting Donald Trump 50 Chuck Norris 47 and Tony Danza 39 and tomorrow give it well compare
We'll put him side by each with that be fascinating. It's something to look forward to for me
We're just gonna repeat any how many polls we've done since the beginning about the 1600 and some odd so figure it out
How many now how many days of work a year do I work?
About 30 years a year so I got like 50 years worth of shows covered with polls. It's not bad. We'll take it WQ
I am. Hello. Yeah, right just to call my sister. Yes, sir. Yeah, I bet it was a storm hits bushes ran
Does anybody really care the government want to help really want to help you? Oh, yeah
They're gonna be bushes ranches little inland it would seem to me though and Crawford
I don't think it's gonna all though. You know something maybe the Lord and we're working in mysterious ways
Maybe that thing is gonna like zigzag right through a Texas and fine crop. You got a good point
Let's say a paraport pali
Okay, go rub your muzzles and say a prayer for it. Are you a lot? I think you're a lot of rub your muzzles in a moment
Oh, don't think about it and certainly don't be able to know dead chickens
Don't be a choking at the dead chicken on your door because that's also against the law
I got a story here a little later about the new crackdown by the FBI and pornography
Where is sarcastic story from the New York Times as if this is and that's just sarcastic from their standpoint
But from the people who were like in the in the agency like this is what we're working on now with everything that's going on
Supposedly all these terrorists out there lurking in the wings and all these new videotapes from all is why here
And we got out yet Al is a why here in al al-Kaita and al
Yeah, Al is Olsen we were talking about him the other day. We just can't find out. We know where Moe is Moe is in
New York don't forget Moe from the rotten apple between two and four. That would be really something
WQ I am hello
George is definitely the worst. Okay. Good WQ I am hello
There Q I M Ola see this and we we turn the corner today make no mistake about it over Q I M
Hello, yeah, sir. Yeah, good morning sir. Fine. It's great. I guess I thought all I
The question is I what is the question the question is did you find the resembles between your good friend
Moe on your website the picture of him when you spanking the manky which is I really enjoy it
I sure said a few records in over 400 miles 400
I think you might be the a record holder you might be the winner
Yeah, it was like a special sound but the question is did you see the resembles between his picture
Aided picture on this thanking monkey and the other guy who is deciding right now in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
Which is the name of how it comes on I
Carissa guys never seen the two of them together
In fact, it will surprise me if Moe is doing a show from
Kabul today, huh? He's doing a show from some other rubble in Kabul
This is me
This is five sixteen
Oop. Oh there went the audio vault now
You know something I think this this sounds to me like a great class action lawsuit
We think it was against this company because I'm no about you but not every time we go to a break
I'm like on pins and needles wondering if the sponsor to play all the way through this is tremendous stress
You are we can't like go to the bathroom or anything right stress kills because this so when it doubt it keeps crap
And out over especially lately it's been a really what's the story with this on of course Hank is the second up
At the engineering department you can't because they're fixing the toilets. Okay. Well, I think that's about their speed
Okay, I think most of the talent is in the toilet engineering. So what do we do now? I mean I got
I'm waiting hold on. I'm gonna give it a shot bang it smack it
Oh, how about one more time?
TV guy is calling invasion uh
The TV
In a world
The computers don't work
I even like those old cars we used to play the ones that were like off speed and everything and the ones that were real mushy that you can understand
But we can still build a client for so what do we do? How it came back again? It just keep okay. Well keep fighting
Now do a little swim into the war list down. Let's run to the left to the right. Here we go. Slay a little muddop. There was no
Oh
people
It's mismanners versus no manners
That was disgusting
Hey my new shoes my wife was a bitch, but at least she's not a heinous blow-pick season for me
I love you
Only on
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WVQ and welcome to a place where well we're like on a periphery of radio
That's why I had a laugh about the business rig. Greg is gonna get out of radio perhaps at the end of the year
I didn't know he was in it maybe once upon a time but surely not now and don't call him surely
Doug Thompson you're very favorite. I got a lot of stuff here and I'm gonna I'm doing it
Okay, there we go and we'll dig into these calls and you know give these people an outlet for their
Like that which is fine good to more and more of that all the time because people are a little other you know
They don't want to be over
Burden with crap right now they gone through these hurricanes and all awardings and the threats and the rain and the
gas lines and
Gas prices thanks again Mr
President by the way for the bargain basement gas man you're a gas but nevertheless it's so they're they're the entire of that crap
They don't want to be overwhelmed by it
So a little bit of lightheartedness and pervality and just a little chuckle
That's enough every now and then not too much now
Did you see the models chat ever at best? You ever at Myers is on us
CNN they're just a minute ago and they showed a whole bunch of different models about 75 of them and
Some of them for this and now category four, which I think it's gonna become a five not that I know anything
But I just I like that thinking thinking feeling there's a very good chance it will
And then the some of the models are actually got it back up toward a Louisiana again right after he was telling us just a little while ago about Brownsville and
Brownie and Brownie Hound and all that other stuff and the Mexico
See I think he was talking about Browns and Mexico just because it make like an epic thing
You know next thing you know, he's gonna be taking shots at Taco Bell
Well, they probably advertise on CNN dog Thompson and the capital hill blue calm rice ignoring the real obscenities
And this has to do tonight's any about the porn squad yeah, which I'll I got that a little bit later on and recruits
Sock for the porn squad the FBI is during the Bush administration's war on porn and we'll get to that later
But anyway, this is in conjunction with that
Had lunch last week Doug says with an old friend a career agent with the FBI
He's considering early retirement because he just can't handle what's happening to his agency
They federal enforcement apparatus in the country. I didn't sign on for this
He said the bureau has gone to hell in a hand basket
He tells you the sterving story of an agency ripped apart internally by turf battles
Emasculated by an attorney general who believes constitutional rights get in the way of a poorly-managed war on terror and administration
His focus is marginal at best our number one priority in law enforcement is supposed to be fighting terrorism
He says so what's the latest initiative by justice and the bureau?
We've declared war on pornography
That's right at a time when the focus of every federal law enforcement
Aden is supposed to be keeping this country safe from terrorists attorney general al-Bertel Gonzalez is diverting time agents and resources
Into a war on dirty books and movies
Not child pornography mind you but the kind of titillation aimed at consenting adults who last time we check are supposed to be free to do what they want in the privacy of their homes
According to a job posting that went up at the FBI's national headquarters in all 56 field or offices
The bureau plans to assign eight field agents plus a supervisor in all necessary resources to a porn war that the posting calls
One of the top priorities of attorney general Gonzalez and FBI director Robert Mueller
agents joke about the posting and make comments like already gave it home or we've met the enemy and he is us
But the gallows humor does little amass a growing morale problem within the bureau
My friend shook his head were supposed to be taken down people to one destroy this country and al-Bertel wants to turn this into a titty squad
The TNA squad is its known among agents god it started under former attorney general's on a escrop a Bible thumping anti-pornography zealot
Who tried to prosecute a Missouri couple for selling a sex education video for adults
Ascrops case was so laughable it took a jury of mostly middle-aged women less than 45 minutes to equip the couple
The judge lectured the justice department for wasting the legal systems time with such a frivolous case
But Gonzalez armed with a mandate from the rabid right wingers who control congress and the White House plans to push forward and quest to rid the world of dirty
Moves another sexy stuff
Ironically such a move could target some of the GOP's major supporters big business and conservative ideologues like rupert murdoch
honor the conservative pseudo journalistic fox news network murdoch and general modus for example our part owners of direct tv
The satellite broadcasting network that delivers explicit sexual programming to customers direct tv offers three channels of
Triple-x rated movies from spice networks owned by playboy enterprises along with playboys own channel
Which recently began offering hardcore sexual programming in fact hardcore programming is such big business that time
Warner owns a piece and hotel chains like Hilton Sheraton Hyatt and even Mormon based Marriott
Offers the sex and material to guess is a valued added service the FBI's recruiting them
Most as the bureau is going after manufacturers and purveyors of pornography
Does this mean they plan to arrest rupert murdoch and the CEO of general modus will jw bill marriott junior chairman
The CEO of mirror international get tossed into the slamer somehow i doubt it general modus executives in their political action committee
More than two and a half million dollars to the republican party causes last year
Marriott's a major player in GOP circles when fat cat donors put that kind of money
Politicians are more than willing to hand out the k y july drop their pants grab their ankles close their eyes and say
Please sir may i have some more this is the real obscenity in today's america right starts comes and he's about the best
Yes me you go Doug. Yeah, can i have some more then over
How's that pull coming i'm telling you man we're kicking ass today
We got that hurricane out of the way. We got moe in the york where uh we can be safe
Oh look at that read a cause flooding on parts of keys highway us ones all over now. Okay forget about it
Clean it up and go get drunk
506 votes man and just a little over the first hour if you ask me that's not too shabby you know it
Even josh is impressed by that he thinks we got a shot. Oh we got it to like 650 body into the sour
I think we're home free the worst tv actor actress ever is or was a
Fantastic pull from our long list of spectacular pulls dominant trump 57 tuck noris 55
Well, what about led is it's like secretariat and uh
Allie dar and affirmed
Uh tomi danza 41 Tony spelling 32 bob sagget 31 rhymes with mr. t 22
David caruso 19 rosanne 18 canner reef 17 friend version 16
Hulk hogan 16 john hogan don't have any no votes for john hogan yet Derek
Ashton couture 16 ray romano 14 jg walker 14 will smith uh 12 for he gives me spilfys
Jerry son that's why i have so many of them. Jerry son 12 11 would him shat and he'll live what's wrong with Bill shatiner
I guess he's can't sit up okay he's a fun guy it is wise but she used to be good to till he drowned
David Hasselhoff 10 Kelly rippa 9 Don Johnson 8 Erica strata 6 hey Eric Eric you fairy
Uh john for Walter 5 Lorenzo Lamis for Suzanne summers for John Ritter for John stamos for angel landsbury 3 Vincent donnoho
Donna frio 3 did we decide who that is? I don't know who it is I think it's pronounced enough for you
Whatever well the harness driver don't pronounce it that way whatever his name is
Donnie most three answer Williams three Donnie uh Danny i L.O. 3 and he griffin riffin 2
3 Bill Cosby 2 Martin short 2 max bear 2 uh what about the boxer wasn't his name max bear is that the same one?
No max bear was jethro from that Beverly Hillbillet
Well what about the boxer max bear? I don't know anything about him
Nobo Allen dick has one jody foster has one I bet you a big one and bigger than Ashton kuchi
Mary ton of mordic van dyke Henry winkler one and no votes yet for kach action what's wrong with kach action
Nothing as far as I can tell she was in that fagmory with
What I've good looking a guy who used to play in the rookies Michael on Michael on keen
Wasn't that movie making love yes
David Bernie non-merdeth back to 9 and buddy epson old java daya on barney Jones has the big oh
I'm tempted to play that theme. I like that so much with party miller huh? Yeah, no not Barney Miller. Barney Jones
Oh, buddy epson Barney Miller was that they're old funny that he got with the must-aish right was his name funny movie
Bernie Miller no, it's not how how Lyndon how Lyndon oh how Lyndon you know he reminds me of I give up who's the guy
I was like in making a big deal in New Orleans the guy it's a sings the Italian songs that's
supposed to be the big open sings one of a paper sound he got no no the young guy the uh
again come on a young Italian singer yeah I didn't say it's Italian but he sings as a like godfather
he was saying something there too no Martino not a young young that Al Martino was just
turned 117 they were making a big simmiss he was donating for under warlings after the hurricane
and he's making a big simmissive come on you know who it is you can do it we're counting on you the
whole world is dependent on you heard the breath hi that's it here we go to junior yeah
just throw it they've got Italian but he sings it's not he's a song yeah what a little lizard he's
the love uh piano uh piano guy yeah he's a lounge wood you're exactly that's where he belongs in
the tiniest lounge he couldn't sing as well about paper sacks I don't know but he's another one
of these people I must know the right folks you know what I'm saying yeah that's why he was in the godfather
he wasn't actually in the movie but I think he doesn't he sing some of the songs on the sound
track from like I think godfather eight I think he's sold it with me yeah he saw it he saw it in the
dollar weekend specials but so that's all they can afford these days but he's doing a nice job
donate money nice going there a harry connoctonial and by the way your music sucks 12 minutes after
11 at five sixty w and m o how are david from New York today wow really amazing thing mad dog
it for the marlin pregame at six thirty five marlins at the meds they better not repeat last night's
performance or it's gonna be over and then it can't go back to the game over and you haven't seen
him do that huh this uh no it's modified in off the dollar he was on uh just generally going to
read on cia that yeah and I posted on hoping to catch it then was he going over no and over again oh
it reminds me like that that bit that annoying song what the hell is the name of that song I think
is in this song is called over and over if you only hear one song this fall over and over and over and
over again this is the song to hear over and over and over and over again how many times can
nellie and tim agross sing over and over again five third man see there's always a good reason to
play that I love it right anyway did I say 12 past a lot and I think I did it five sixty w two
for all you time watchers out there for public baby only in Miami
gotta have the city of new Orleans
big eats he got here pretty hard
and
goes
All countries got to move together
Everyone must must do our part
Along the coast of Mississippi
All the poor folks in the boxes
The devastation even reached no real
We want you here for your fellow land
Time and land are helping hands
Together we can make a different disaster stream
On behalf of the hands
Come on America, we need you
Sit down, you know
The moment is in hand
We have got the hell to stay on the going
It's bad at time like this
United we must stay in
So the death toll from Katrina on the Gulf
801 in Louisiana and a total of 1035
What happened to those 25,000 body bags
In the 10,000 dead just in Nullingham?
It gives you the feeling they haven't got a clue
What they're talking about
Especially that mayor, Nagan
Man, he is just, I feel almost sorry for him
Because he's drowning in a sea of incompetence
He's in way over his head
And he's under all this tremendous pressure
By the business people and the bar owners
And this ethnic group and the metath group
And he don't know what a screamer appeal of banana
Everybody come on back, come on back
Turn around and get out
Turn around and get out
And now it's like well, they don't go to the clue
They don't go to Houston whatever you do
In fact Houston just ordered the low-lying areas to evacuate
And Galveston never will ever get to that
Or maybe not
I got a big pile here, although the most important story
Even the Sun centralized you got on this
Although I had it first
A rubber company in China has begun marketing condoms
Under the brand name Clinton and Lewinsky
Condoms
Apparently seeking to exploit the White House affair
The led to the impeachment of America's 42nd president
Because he was doing all those nasty things
Unlike this current president
The only said well senator
The administration's policy was as I atticulate
It was my job to articulate the administration's policy
That's no answer at all
Let him have a tent, stick it to him baby
In fact maybe Ted can drive John Roberts home after the hearing
He said after the promotion ends
The Clinton condoms will go on sale in southern China for 29.81
That's $3.72 for a box of 12
Well let's see a box of 12
That's about how many cents a piece?
About 3rd man
While the Lewinsky model will be priced at 18.81
That's $2.35 for his end quality
The Clinton condom will be our top at line
He said the Lewinsky condom is not quite so good
It's got maybe three or four holes in it
The Lewinsky said the company had chosen to use the Clinton name
Because consumers viewed the former president as a responsible person
Who would want to stress safe sex
Is an effective way to prevent the spread of the HIV virus
The names we chose are symbols of people who are responsible
And dedicated to their jobs he said
I believe Bill Clinton cannot be unhappy about this
Because he's a very generous man
The Lewinsky name is Constituent
A violation of copyright or other laws
We have received full approval from the local industrial and commercial bureau
To start production he said
Clinton's campaign aggressively for high-dates in China
Where the disease is spreading rapidly like wildfire
At 7.00 am
There you go, bubble sees all over the place
Just take a peek in there man
Bubbles in there too, he's all over
He's in your crotch
555 votes you see
That I just peeked out of the corner my eye
I just knew there was a momentous number on that pool
Five, six to the way we're like over 80% of the way
That are like 666
And well on the way to our 15,000 votes on the pool today
As we start record breaking numbers
I bet you we did an 80 share in this book
You know what? That's probably because you were on most of the summer
Yeah right
It all was intellectual people
Yeah
Max Bear senior the old boxer was Max Bear junior
Jettro Bodai's father you see
Bodini
Don't you like this?
Don't do that have to comment
Vincent Dottorfeo was Pyle
I wonder if he was kind to Gomer's Piles
The fat kid who shot the sergeant
And kill himself in full metal jacket
Every man in black and detective on law order
Criminal intent Vincent and offriol
He's a very good guy
He's a very good guy
Wow
Wow
I get goosebumps when I hear this
And then I think the best daughter of a world buddy
It's a man
It's a good show
Actually good guy
Really good really good show
Good actors and good script
And out you have a diamond
Oh one of the talking heads
At the yesterday she called
And our fat ass governor on her
She says governor Jed Bush
Oh my god I thought is that like Jed a diamond?
In fact the way his family is behaving again lately here
Wouldn't you think the Jed a diamond be a good name for that claim?
All right
Oh
Oh
Oh
Here comes a big part of a big plan actually
Wow powerful stuff man
And then a crappy show I close the show TV
They always give me the big you know the big build up and then they let you down
Yeah, probably know some women like that a lot
Sensor the name of the Lord conservative Christians read in Hollywood blockbusters
Do I have time to do this because this is to I just have so many of these near long today
You know what that means I'm going to be doing a lot of reading which is not good
Miguel will not be listening to the show today. Thank God
I just I'm tired of him you know I'm just tired of his crap
Not that I should take it personal anyway because who the hell cares what he thinks
But it's just I don't know he's just annoying
He's he's always Mr. Contrary you know he's Mr. Contrary in kind of a nice way
He's opposed to some people
He doesn't a nice way but it's still the same effect you know like hey what you're doing sucks you know well get lost
Take take I go over listen to how do you mom be that's more of your alley Sally get back any your inner
Chew
Little way baby maybe he can bring back alienito and then we'll have something to talk about in fact if I look back at
Some of those early polls maybe amazed how many of them have to do with poor little alienito and the abuelas and the all of this stuff all like crap
And guess what that was a private family matter what seems to me as your governor would say your fat ass governor it was a custody hearing just like Terry and her
She's a private family matter but he sure had no problem talking about that and opening up a big fat ass mouth
But when it comes to his own dysfunctional family and his kid getting busted for a
Broken episode again. It's a private family matter and no well. That's a private family matter
Yeah, Joe Connison writes in New York observer Bush White House a Haven for hacks. See I'm gonna do this one because it's short
It's not real short hurry back when Republicans still behave like Republicans and conservatives actually believe in conservatism
These those are worth these aspire to bring us with a consider to be good government among other things that might appointing officials qualified to execute their positions maintaining fiscal
Responsibility and insisting on public integrity this reality frequently fail to fulfill those aspirations
Of course, but at least they tried now we live under a distorted assembly of Republican conservatism with an attitude to a government that seems
Incidental and fundamentally nihilistic or is that nihilistic as in deal good this approach was summed up years ago by the right wing commander in White House
Advisor Grover Norquist when he explained his movements long term objective my goal is to cut government in half in 25 years to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub
Before drowning it however, he and his comrades will pick its pockets led by George W. Boy today's conservators have elevated political patronage from a universal and tolerable
Techadillo to a public menace so intent are they and providing lucrative comfortable federal jobs to the members of their own gang that they have come to resemble the old clubhouse Democrats of
Tamini Hall the difference is that Tamini for all its corruption provided employment and benefits to the poor while the Bush White House reserves its patronage for the well fed and well healed
The result is incompetence looked over with arrogance and inexperienced guided by ideology
Sharing the outlook of Mr. Norquist the president is scarcely tried to find capable managers for the federal bureaucracy
He shares the right wing radical right wing objective of dismantling government institutions rather than managing them properly and effectively at every level he appoints loyal
Hacks who possess no relevant qualifications so long as they share his anti-government ideology
This is like putting termites in charge of repairing the house the latest example is David Saviefian who suddenly resigned last week his top procurement official at the White House
OMB on September 19th it was arrested by FBI agents for lying about his involvement with lobbyist Jack Abramoff whom he helped to obtain control over federal properties in the district of clumbia and Maryland
He's a former lobbyist whose partners in the private sector included both Mr. Abramoff and Mr. Norquist
No doubt the intended Mr. Saviefian is like his friends a true believer in drowning government
He had a little or no administrative experience but he had the right friends in the right wing ideology
And like Tamini's immortal George Washington plunkett he saw his opportunities and took him
I wonder if he was kind of who is the quarterback the Indian guy plunkett Jim plunkett
Before your time Josh Jim plunkett you know Jim plunkett I've heard I'm so embarrassed
Where's that wanton or is that wonton paper it becomes terribly perilous as we've recently learned is in making appointments to agencies that are supposed to protect the nation
Everybody knows about the strange rise and fall of Michael D Brownie Brown and FEMA but what if Michael shirt off the Secretary of Homeland Security who may well be as much to blame as Mr. Brown for the fumble federal response to Katrina
Reporting by a nightrider news service or the Mr. shirt off froze when the auto of mobilized government during the crucial hours leading up to the disaster
Among the reasons for his failure is that he too lacked qualification for the job
He's a highly capable lawyer which may have caused him to dither over legalistic questions of state and federal authority
But he has few credentials to write an enormous and critically important bureaucracy
From the perspective of the Bush White House the outstanding item on Mr. Cheroff's resume is his partisan hazard work on the Senate white water committee
The Homeland Security Chief certainly isn't the only member of the White Water Alumni Club to find gainful employment under Mr. Bush
From James Rogan the former impeachment manager appointed to run the patent office after losing his house seat to Brett Kavanaugh, the former so-heal independent council with services staff secretary to the president
Many who joined the GOP G-HOT against the buttons have since suckled on the federal teeth only days ago the president named Julie Myers a 36-year-old Republican attorney
The head of the immigration and customs enforcement agency within Homeland Security
She used to be Mr. Cheroff's chief of staff and she also used to work for Kenny Star
But she has no discernible background that would enable her to oversee a law enforcement agency with 20,000 employees and a $4 billion budget
I will seek to work with those who are more knowledgeable in this area who know more than I do she said when asked how she expected to do her new job at confirmed by the Senate
Surely she meant to sound reassuring but an age of terror why wouldn't the president appoint someone more knowledgeable and more experienced over-ciaro borders and ports over
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.6.2.8
Trump is singing the green acres theme of the Emmys and now he's expanding his musical empire with a new CD, Trump's TV themes
Here's the story of a man named Brady who made an absolute killing by adopting three more tax deductible children and by the way, Alice, you fight it
Lead your replacement, Juanita
From the Brady bunch to the Beverly Hill Millies, the Donald saved them all
Coming this is a story about a man named Jim
The guy moves into a mansion in Beverly Hills, the town is crawling with beautiful women and he can't hook up what gives
The TV tycoon even tackles the theme to Gilligan's Island
Just sit like back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of some morons who sailed in bad weather on a boat that smaller than my dinghy
Trump's TV themes is available at Trump Tower Records
And if it does well, I'll make Martha Stewart do her own version
599 vote, man, it's just 1134
I like that, oh that was my imitation of Tom Jic on here
Because I got a fan from Chris here says Monday Tom Jic was sucking Steve Payne's butt for half an hour
Most of the conversation was about you and your obsession with Steve
Oh yeah, I'm obsessed with Steve. Talk about the popcorn and kettle pink
Steve, who?
See this is what Tommy and he's relegated to now
You know what's in a great while filling in for Eddie Kay on a gambling show late at night
And now being a guest on the Mr. Ego show which you could put the whole audience in a phone booth
See this is how you find out, Sherry Woods, see that was a friend
Linda Thornton, that was a friend
Even Pat Curry, even though she was obnoxious, she was more friendly than this guy
You know what I'm saying?
But this guy has a time you're not fooling anybody, you're sure not fooling me anymore, you're a turncoat, you're a backstabber, you're a phony
So now it's not just business, it's personal too, your mama, small potatoes
And quite frankly don't write about radio because you know anything about it anyway
What's happening in radio is passed him by so far going, he just doesn't understand it
He don't even get this show, and that's good
By Tom, here's a fact from Frank in St. Petersburg who says, please add David Schwimmer
Absolutely the more a worst actor ever, David Schwimmer
Okay, you got him, we got him
But there's so what's in many?
Bill Schneider, sounds like Schwimmer
This is Phil but really I mean the president at the end of the day won the election
Part of the job is he gets a name who you want
There she goes, there's Mrs. Limbaugh
Uh huh, he used to be liberal Mrs. Limbaugh, Darren Limbaugh, Kagan, you bitch
How do you like that?
Yeah, he's got that kind of cock-eyed sour look on her face
And Bill Schneider has been pretty good lately, he's a Yamada, that's what he said
The Whisperers began as soon as Renee Zellwood decided fraud as the reasons he wanted to brief marriage to the country star Kenny Chesney and Ald
Was Chesney gay this Thursday, this is the Boston hero was Chesney gay
His publish is quickly denied the rumor saying the man behind hits like she thinks my tractor is sexy is unequipically not gay
But such speculation begs the question, could an openly gay
May a singer make it in Nashville in 2005 and could an openly already popular star come out as Zell and John did without losing his audience
The answer is Greg Alden, co-editor of the all country magazine, no depression is no and no
He believes coming out after hitting the top of the charts would absolutely be a career killer
Somebody thanks this, thank you so much
One of the formal constructs in country music is authenticity, Alden said, and when you break that illusion you've destroyed your career
Mike Brophy, not the hockey guy, but program director of local country music station WKLB
Is more optimistic about musicians coming out and saying popular but he says the caveat in there is that I think it might be geographically specific
I think in terms of where we are in the Northeast, absolutely, is what he says
Absolutely
But he believes the quality of music wins out over politically touchy issues
The bottom line is a good song, is a good song, is a good song, Brophy said
And if someone has a great song out there, we're going to play it, it's going to be widely accepted
But that's in Boston, keep in mind, all those pink ol' liberal fags up there
Right
I think for some of those established and has a lot of great music behind them is probably an easier road
But if they're brand new and they have to be familiarized with the audience, then maybe it's going to be more difficult road
But in this day and age I'd love to believe that it's not an issue at all, right?
This is no-one-to-economy music, it's you virtually no successful musician in any genre
Jazz, blues, rock, metal, rapper, pop has started out openly gay
But there's a long list of marquee names who would happily center for gay pride now
Elton, John, George, Michael, Melissa, Osathridge, the integral girls, Michael, Stype of R.E.M. and Rob Halford of Duda's priest
As much as that sexual orientation is someone accepted in the society says Alden
When you start thinking about places where it's still unacceptable, that's just telling you's anything
That's America's T-Murphynephan Way, baby
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you will stick in a couple of calls in here because I don't want to read too many stories than Tom Zick will get really upset
Isn't this something the way he turned, man, to talk about turning on a dime?
First he can cocks that phony letter, which now I know for sure is phony
He's just looking for some publicity, I guess
Your old news, Tom, ancient history, anybody that would go on that show? Of course he used to go on with Sandy too
Oh, lovely lady, oh Sandy
608 votes on the pool, I'm excited, the worst TV actor actress ever was is Donald Trump 65, Chuck Nora 65, a flatfooted dead even Thai
How do you like that? We got a race baby Tony Danza 47, Terry Spelling 44, I'll just read a few, Bob Sagitt 34, Mr. T-28
And that's enough, should we take a call or two? Because I got a heavy upile here, somebody QAM hello
Oh, Neil? Yes, sir
In the Sun Central today they had a great story and mice with spinal cord injuries warped because of the stem cell injection
This stuff really works, the Republican said it wouldn't work
Yeah
And uh, baby killer
Yeah, but if they think it does work and eventually in 10 years people will be able to walk but they don't care
One more thing on the daily show last week, they did a whole thing on evolution
And Christians on tape saying dinosaurs were walking with Adam and Eve
They did a great show, they destroyed the story of Adam and Eve, it was just great
Okay, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Adam and Eve, I thought that was Adam and Steve
God created Adam and Eve, God Adam and Steve
You know something that religious people are 100 times, 100,000 times crazier than I ever said on this show
Yeah
That's what we need, in fact every day that's all you need to do here and say is religion is bullcrap, man invented God and stop with a balloony
Okay?
There's no life after death, there's no God sitting up there with all these horrendous game plans
There's no Jesus on the cross, it's all a bunch of somebody once told me a very wise man many years ago, bubble miceies
Fairy tales, fairy tales
That's it, fairy tales
There in Kagan, she's off my list right now, you see I told her it would rub off her and rush
Yeah, what did she do?
She was always supposed to be so liberal and the other, and I'm here sitting there, sucking up
Well, listen to you have the right to name any, yeah, how about Mickey Mouse, he could be director of Fima Honey
How about you, there at least you get you off the damn tube for crying out loud, get her a push off our...
CUBE
This is Neil Roger, this is 5'16 QAV
Get more, harder, I'm a young person, get it harder
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful
Congratulations, get alive
The store I go to station, I got a ride me on the face
Takes a lot of zest presentties, or just a few of us at chains
Take a look, get engaged, and he points in to eat
But I feel love, don't you worry baby, we'll get a 40-E
We'll move it all up, we'll go on up, we'll drive you to high
We'll move it all up, we'll drive you to high
We'll move it all up, we'll drive you to high
We'll take all these things out
Thanks again, I'll present to you for those bargain-basement gas prices
14-Gallonic, and more from New York at 2
Can't wait to miss that, 619 votes on here, if we get to 650 by the top of the hour
I think we got a shot, don't you think that's the dividing line, the barometer, the gauge?
623, like I said, we got to be able to do that, get to 650 by noon
You can do it, Ryan Perry, a US correspondent in New York for the UK mirror rights, up in flames
Tons of British aid donated to help Hurricane Katrina victims to be burned by Americans
Hundreds of tons of British food, a chip to America for starving Hurricane Katrina survivors is to be burned
Because US red tape is stopping it from reaching hungry evacuaries
Instead, tons of the badly needed NATO ration packs, the same as those eaten by British troops in Iraq, have been condemned as unfit for human consumption
Or maybe they have some of that spotted in it, you think?
And unless the bureaucratic message cleared up soon, it could be sent for incineration
One British aid worker last night called the most sickening senselessness and said furious colleagues were spitting blood
When we, that's why they don't want the food
The food which cost British taxpayers millions of sitting inside of a huge warehouse idol
After the FDA, we called it when already had been left to be distributed
Scores of lorries, what is that? What are lorries? That's some British crap
Truck trucks
Hended back to a warehouse in Little Rock, Arkansas, in up in an FDA incineration plant
The Ministry of Defense in London said last night that 400,000 operational ration packs have been shipped to the US
But officials blame the US Department of Agriculture, which impounded the ship and under regulations, relating to the important export of meat
The aid worker who would not be named said this is the most appalling act of sickening senselessness white people while people starve
The FDA is recalled aid from Britain because it's been condemned as unfit for human consumption
Despite the fact that these are native approved ration of exactly the same type that the British soldiers are eating in Iraq
Under NATO American soldiers are also entitled to eat such ration
Yet the starving of the American South will see them grow up and smoke because of FDA red tape madness
The worker added, and I'll have to edit this, there will be a cloud of smoke above Little Rock soon, a verne food of anger and of shame
That the world's richest nation couldn't organize a pee-up in a brewery and let's American starve while they arrogantly observe petty regulations
Doesn't say pee, but we don't want to get joist right
Everyone is be voted by the chaotic shambles the US is making of this crisis guys from UNICEF are walking around spitting blood
A lot of people spitting blood everywhere
This is utter madness he said people who work their socks off to get food in the region
It's perfectly good NATO approved food the type British servicemen have yet the FDA are saying that because there's a meat content it's come from Britain it must be destroyed
If they're trying to argue that there's a BSE reason and it's ludicrously out of date there's more BSE in the states than there ever was in Britain and UK meats been saved for years
That's mad cow
The Ministry of Defense said we understand there was a glitch and these packs have been impounded by the US Department of Agriculture under regulations
really into the important export of meat that British meat fat the situation is changing all the time and our last meeting on Friday we were told progress was being made in relation to the release of these packs
He said the Americans certainly haven't indicated it was there are any more problems and they haven't asked us to take them back they're just in limbo
They're doing the old rush limbo rock food from Spain and Italy is also being held because it fails to meet US standards has been judged on fit for human consumption
You know I can't understand how those damn Europeans are still alive can you? It's amazing
It's a miracle every time I go but actually all these living healthy people and aren't nearly as fat as the most of us Americans they and Canadians
And as really relief agencies are furious that thousands of gallons of paradeuse are to be destroyed because it's been judged on fit
Paradeuse
Mad cow disease, mad paradeuse
Boy oh boy, mad cow pair, mad parade disease
The FDA said we didn't really got to watch out for every pair
We didn't expect some meals ready to be done September 13th
They said they are the only MREs we looked at there were 70 huge pallets of vegetarian MREs
They were from a foreign nation we inspected them and released them for distribution because they didn't have any meat in it
But that European meat oh god don't touch it
It's a uncircum spec and in line with that the federal government is diverting hundreds of truckloads of bag dice cubes from the Gulf Coast hurricane relief
Effort to cold storage in Portland, Maine, other cities
They can use them there
FEMA says it has more ice than it can use in the hurricane zone wants to keep it in storage for use in a future emergency
Maine ought to be really good but critics including some truck drivers who've been paying 800 bucks a day while hauling the same loads for a week or more say
The process seems like a waste of taxpayers money
The $9,000 that paying the meat to move this load should have gone to some family down there said Lauren Reeves
Who hauled his load of ice from New York state to Alabama before being set to Maine
There's definitely millions being wasted that could go to people who needed
Reeves truck was one of several lined up at AmeriCold logistics refrigerated storage facility on Reed Street in Portland
Unloading pallets deck with 25 pound bags
How do you like that?
I don't know
Yeah, most people in Texas are going to be really pleased to know that in fact it says in the article that the stuff has been shipped to not just in Maine
Also Tennessee and Pennsylvania for hurricane relief is very imminent at that moment
They can almost take about it right?
No, really
637 on the pool the question today is we're bringing back some of these old pools in manna
I think this solved a whole bunch of problems for me
Yeah
I hope for you too when you're to fill in
Right?
Go back to that history there and as a matter of fact I can tell you the first pool we ever took
At least according to the first one that's on this list
When Neil goes on another one of his frequent vacations what do you want to hear?
We asked
That's back I guess when we're still finding those best updates that Greg likes so much better than you
Right
That nobody wanted to hear and that I hated like poison because they were like chopped up in a bunch of crevino
And all dated you know, alien in the Pope
Let's talk about alien in the Pope
He would have liked anything better than me
Well of course has waned under the game what do you think about the macarena and of course it's undergoing 75 name changes since that pool
But that's just a good idea
Who has hassled you more in your life and hassled his spelled with a T
How do you like the castle?
Who gets more ass?
Now when you click on that it was only a that was one of those picky polls that we do before the show
You know one of those preliminary four plate and it was the gators of the seminals
And the it was tied 31 apiece
I guess we should have put the heurichains in there too don't you think because asses their middle name
Especially after that game against Clemson
Oh my god triple overtime
And they really they should have lost that game that kid was so wide open you could have like driven a mac truck through there
Am I right Josh?
Yes you are
They should have lost that game by all count once again they got off the hook for all time say
Because it was too embarrassing and too debilitating for the people of South Florida for the heurichains to start out with a
And too record that would have been really bad embarrassing aren't we cursed down here they'd been caught up the mad dog saying
Do you know why we cursed down here we got that downtown Ronnie Brown who looks like a flash in the old frying pan
And he got Gus whatever his name is a zerniel for rot we don't like a lot pretty embarrassing
But after that one half of a ball man who were pretty worked up to a frenzy weren't they?
Let's start with the panthers come on they're gonna be good
I'm telling you I'm smelling you right now
Where's my panther tickets by the way?
Because Josh wants some
Well you really I tell you you really are getting pretty brazen in your old age
Oh yeah
I just mentioned a panther tickets here saying here's a guy who's not really a hockey fan name me three players on the panthers
Roberto L'Owango
Right only Yokinan
Right you can do it
That's too I think you might I think that's all I know
But you see that's a good plug is now if you go to the games you could become a fan
I feel like I know the name of the rookie I just can't think of it
The rookie or you mean like the jane bolster the second I know that I know a point how about Horton
There you go that's what I don't know it huh I knew there and what about Gary Roberts and Joe Newen Deic former make believe okay huh what about those guys Chris
Gratton huh what about that frog that they got what tells his name Marta Angelina nothing could be
Finder than to get out of Carolina that's what he said he's been around now they got a good team this year
I'm telling you all enjoy going to some of those games and I'm sure George can arrange he'll arrange a meeting with the heads of the five families right five six seven
Oh five 60 pound five 60 how's that pull coming are we gonna make our thousand today that that's our goal we don't care about anything else nothing else counts
We don't give a crap about Tom jica mystery go Burton jacks pepper corn sauce on your parmesan cheese we don't care about any of that swill okay
All these wannabes man the whole thing in this market is there so many wannabes so many little
New years and they're in the right town for that that's why this show is like heads and show and voters above
Because we probably could have made it big like even in like Lakeland
Ooh you think well we're in Key West back when the tower was underground I was thinking about that yesterday with a big blow was coming from Rita and I was thinking boy
I think it just knocked the tower that station again maybe they'll sign all castes again people wouldn't believe that
Josh probably doesn't know that story but we're an IOD that to show you the great job of networking my show has been done over the years
They sign all castes I don't remember how long it was for about two weeks on a station in Key West that it had the tower knockout
The tower was laying in a horizontal prone position on the ground in the water if yeah it was laying into water on the ground
That's the way to get you out there. Yeah, so we made a tremendous impact in Key West even read in there couldn't come close to this show
649 which means we're going over 650 by noon so we got a shot the worst TV actor actress
Ever was or is and there's just too many to run down them all about to take us to one Chuck Norris 70 down from 68
We've got a real battle going on between the two. What is the thing with Chuck Norris?
I don't you know, I mean he is awful, but yeah, but not not nowhere near as bad as as it looks on this Donald Trump
Tony Danza 40 Danza there you go. He's he's nauseating. He in fact
I think I think that throwing up gotty and Tony Danza like right in the day and what about her?
What about her?
Victoria's that her name Victoria gotty. I guess she qualified
He's on a full-for-line out like a racer on air man. She makes me nauseous
What are a lot of people make you nauseous? Yeah, that's true a lot of make me just want to caca
I just threw the log away. Am I doing this spot here?
No, I don't know. Arrach. Arrach.
George Armstrong number 10 the old Elise captain the chief
Let's get hockey intensive. What do you say? It's already September 21 Chuck Norris 70 Donald Trump
68 Gordon Norris doesn't have any by the way and Bill Posey either Tony Danza 48
Torres Spelling 46 Bob Sagitt 36 Sagitt rhymes with Mr. T 31
Nipp de T that here they show that once in a while the team a
Roseanne 26 Ashton Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi I tell you used to look really good
But it's still a used to you know a lot of people a lot of things you look if you put a stake on the table
It's at different 10 years a used to look pretty good now not to appetizing and he still doesn't have a
Ashton's got 25 though can't arrive 24 it's ever seen together. I bet you they're doing it
David Kuroso 23 Hall Cogan 22 Ray Ramano 18 everybody hates the ray
Fran Drescher 18 the nanny and JJ Walker 17 Kelly Rippa 14 I told you she's a piece of crap
You like you though. She's I don't know I'm sorry. All right. It's a good thing. I'm not
Well, I know you have a conversation. I said she was one once that's all I was okay
Well, I said so with that's Kuchikuchi but both in my fall on a hard time. She's got an Audi so she's off my list
I see I don't think he's going how do you know here's your last here's your last chance
Listen sit on the edge of your seat to see when he hits the bun if the audio vault starts here in a minute
Here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford at home to they've always treated everybody just like
Family and they want to extend off for you to join their family Ford naturally is extended their Ford family plan off
Through September 30th
Right now at Armstrong Ford at home state you get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employing their families get
Not only do you get employee family pricing but you also get Armstrong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program
And for limited time with any new car purchase you get a color TV for free
So what's not to like what you could possibly be waiting for pick up the phone right now called David Richard 305
24751 12 and he'll tell you you won't get a better deal on afford any place in town
Me's right no bait and switch no phone ideals no BS this fantastic
fantastical offers waiting for you only at Armstrong for the home said where they always treat you just like family
Armstrong Ford is it US one at Southwest Bureau 7 Street to 20 minutes out of the 36 you won't get a better deal on
Afford any place else in town. I'll bet you time jick is life on it
Check them on the web Armstrong cars dot com and then give David a call 305
24751 12 and ask him about the Ford family plan today grab a few miles extra
But save yourself a potload of money thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead
This is Neil Roger
This is five sixteen two eight
Oops
Yeah, this is it's doing great you know something this is this is so outrageous
What's going on with us the last several days now?
I mean if this happened once it would be one thing to say well, you know crap happens good happen anywhere
Even at a real radio station which we are not but this is so embarrassing and humiliating and degrading and it just goes on
Remind me to rip Hank and ask when we do the crossover tomorrow about that thing at engineering
He's a no so they can fix the toilet big deal
We get a pummer to fix the toilet. How about fixing the equipment that's like on the hero would be good fix it try again
Look at it. It's the 12 to war now. We're yeah at least for today
Coming to Alza Zira TV this fall survivor is law make law each week sixteen female contestants will try to survive
Horses law make law as they compete in luxury reward challenges just outside the holy city of Mecca
This will be the top of a survivor ever see women try to steal bread from a local baker without getting their hand chopped off
One lucky contestant can win immunity if she can get behind the wheel of a car without getting bayonet in the head
And how about saying nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on sight
So to any of the Alza Zira TV this fall for the premiere of survivor is love it's TV
Bravo three six hundred and seventy seven votes
evacuating in Galveston and Glenn Campbell's all excited about it are they glad way to thank
Well, no, I mean they got like they had yesterday to start working and now all day today all day tomorrow all day on Friday
Really most of the day Friday because it's posted like on Saturday maybe eight o'clock at night
Okay, so they got plenty of time there in Texas no more excuses
No excuses now. Let's see who wrote this Andrew Gumball in the independent. How come all the good stuff is in those
Brit papers huh?
Quasit it it says what are these in mind the US Christian conservatives to do if they want to watch a film without of sitting their sensibilities now
They can watch their favorite blockbusters trip to many sex and violence thanks to two new companies
He says a few years ago it's on American food manufacturers that there was in intriguing hole in the market to feel
Vegetarians who wanted to eat hamburger as well remaining vegetarian or vegans without a craving for eggs salad
Today the supermarkets are filled with bean curd-based meatless burgers and eggless eggs salads and they're hot sellers
Vegan cafes or that veg and I say vegan you say veg and vegan
I notice vegan cafes both menus filled with bacon steak all manner of other forbidden items that have been made
Safe for the meat of verse as with food so it is with films
What are decent-minded middle American Christian conservatives to do if they have horse sex bad language
It lists its rug use and guts-building violence
But still haven't urged to see save it price saving part a private Ryan or Ryan's privates or good fellas or the emity fell horror
The beginnings of an answer came a few years ago with the advent of clean flicks a kitchen-sized Utah company that decided to offer videos and DVD for rental
After they've been edited to remove all kind headlight likely to be offensive to local Mormon population
Kind of sounds like slackbuster to me
Today that kitchen-sized enterprises joined into a veritable industry spanning numerous states and attracting the attention to both lawyers and
politicians all the way to Washington clean flicks is going from strength to strength offering its services on a monthly subscription basis
Much like the wildly successful mainstream company Netflix and a second even more sophisticated company called clear play also based in Utah
Has sprung up clear play doesn't edit the films the search for rather offers a series of filters
So individual consumers can decide how much sex or violence they want to tolerate
Fancy seeing a mighty win the general Christopher guest satiris booping folk music
But without the revealing clothing no problem
Want to see a gritty urban drama like the recently released crash which examines racism in LA
But without the implied premarital sex just press the appropriate button on your DVD menu
And you can relax in the knowledge that all suggestions of illicit and look you've been purged ahead of time
The service is not only proof popular in conservative states like Utah
There's some evidence that appeals to a much broader range of movie consumers especially families concerned about the content
That Hollywood is throwing at their children even at a tender age the sanitizing companies
Even have even set to work on Shrek and Shrek too
Finding the animated smash hits replete with squirm inducing sexual innuendo and language that may not be cursing as such
But still too salty for their puritanical tastes the film industry is might be expected hasn't reacted well
Starting three years ago when clean flick started making its first serious commercial in roads
The director's building writers guilt had been railing in what they see a straightforward infringement of intellectual property
For while the work is modified and edited all the time for broadcaster
On television or commercial plane flight for example the difference is that those modifications are done with their permission through formal licensing agreements
Clean flicks and clearplay no ask for permission from anyone
Arguing instead that there are adjustments and amendments fall into the category of fair use
The two sides quickly fell into a predictable legal dispute which dragged on until earlier this year
When the Bush administration itself decided to get involved in past the family movie act
Which sanctioned what the sanitizers were doing and was signed it all explicitly to make the legal challenge from the Hollywood bigwigs among them
Steven Spielsberg
Spiegelberg Martin Scorsese and host of other first rank directors vanishing the judicial ether as far as the White House was concerned
The law was an easy way of appealing to the Republican Party's fundamentalist Christian base and bashing one of its favorite targets
Hollywood's free speech liberals those liberal spin-meisters quite a few Democrats jumped on board as well
Probably because of a perceived need to defer to the conservative family value as agenda
And partly because the bill also embraced a handful of anti-piracy provisions that the film industry was seeing a keen to see entered in the law
From a cultural point of view though the debate has left several questions unanswered one if people really don't like watching films where characters behave badly
Great alcohol have sex or slice each other with carving knives. Why don't they simply avoid them altogether
Two aren't they complaining to very different issues of protecting children from Hollywood and Namity and modeling the work of genuine film artists
So I have a specific vision to express and a specific way to express it and three if Christian fundamentalists are really so sensitive about entertainment products featuring distinctly
Non-Christian behavior how come the Bible belt watches television shows like desperate housewives
About a group of bored that drug-addled adulterous suburban women more avidly than any other region in the country
The hypocrisies of excessive puritanism have been an irresistible spectator sport for centuries
Not in just the US and the advent of the DVD profanity police is no exception
Part of the fun of visiting the clearplay website over and about the intriguing categories available for censorship censorship
What one wonders qualifies as a non-graphic injury-slash wound is seeing where the content police were forced to give up
The sight listing for crash for example includes this line filter settings not available
Ethnic and social slurs in a film preoccupied at the point of obsession with racist attitudes and behavior one would think not
But surely someone somewhere will take offense still the clean flick site
It's about choice streams the banner headline is even funnier when it tells them the technical minutia of censorship
The list of profanities the company says it's systematically exorcism include the B words the H word when I refer into the place
The D word the S word the F word etc. It also includes references to deity the G word and JC words etc
Only when these words are used in a non religious context one could spend an afternoon figure out exactly what all these forbidden terms are
Or else marvel at how conversant those easily offended clearly are with the objects of their offense
The criteria for violence are intriguing not least because the period technical right wing in the US is clearly
Had much less of a problem over the years with blood and guts than it has to be with teenage kissing
Pain being a much less problematic category for them and pleasure
Sure enough clean flicks tells us it doesn't edit all violence only the graphic depictions of the
Capitation implements this member been excessive blood gourd etc
Especially Al Gore the founder of clean flicks Ray Lines first had the idea for his business in late 1990s
When he prepared a sanitized version of the Titanic for his Mormon neighbors
Minus the relatively brief moments of nudity and sex
Soon he was taken it upon himself to decide all kinds of sensitive cultural questions
He once told the New York Times about shinlers list the Oscar winning Holocaust drama
Every teenager in America should see that film
But I'm taking my daughter should see naked old men running around in circles. He said
So that's the way you get to their foreskin in this supposed to be Jewish clear play me and while is the brain child of Lee and Matt
Jarman two brothers from the heavily Mormon town of Oram which is right next to goyam who developed the software that enables end-of-place filters on commercial DVDs
Copyright lawyers and entertainment executives tend to have fewer problems with their operation
Because the DVD arrives in the consumer hands is intact and it's up to each individual viewer how to edit the content
Much as they might on their own albeit more crudely with the fat forward button on their remote
Clean flicks on the other hand not only modifies the films without permission
But that makes money on the basis of those modifications without the family movie act
It seems like the company would have fallen foul of the law and lost its legal battle with the directors guild
Despite the passing of the act a federal judge who had been hearing the case indicated is this pleasure of the
Video companies behavior by ordering them to meet their own cost even as he threw out the case against them
The companies had been looking for a complete vindication in fact back in 2002
Clean flicks had preemptively sued the directors guild precisely this incadecoration that what it was doing was legal
But judge Richard match previously known for presiding over the trial of Oklahoma City Bomber Timothy McVeigh
Refused to grant what they were looking for and that's got a list of some of the movies that they've
They've altered it was so slightly like Troy Brad Pitt and some of the killers enemy
He raises this sword run towards him and then not much clean
Another clean place cuts away to another shot the plug we'd make here is that you still see the guy die
You still see that Brad Pitt killed him and so you don't really take away from the story of what's going on?
It's a place company found her real lines
Schauschford Park the refined world portrayed in Robert Almond Alman's film is even more buttoned up after clear
Play is that it's work on Julian fellow screenplay when one valet described as master says he thinks he's got all mighty
They all do the first sentence is cut out leaving just they all do the result a rather cryptic comment which makes no sense whatsoever
Braveheart foul languages muted rather than skip in the stirring tale of Scottish nationalism
About close-ups of bodily contact and battle runes are kept in but the famous moaning scene involving Mel Gibson's bottom
Brackham and English Army has skipped all together and the most of the battles eliminated William Wallace would be turning in his grave
Saving private Ryan the notorious 20 format and opening scene involving D. Day death and grow on this norm on the Normandy beaches
Is made far more palatable as is the generally brutal depiction of battle throughout this fight director
Steven Spielberg's insistence that these images are critical in showing the sacrifice of troops in the true nature of warfare
Clean fire flicks finds them way too much to take the matrix revolution for an action flick the added diversion of the matrix
Revolution doesn't contain much action viewers expecting foul mouth threats and a cutthroat fight between good and evil are more
Like to be entertained by such naturally warnings as the only way you're getting through the stores over my big dead you did word
And the godfather oh man in a sanitized version of the godfather
The son of Krolli only played by James con does not die in a hail of bullets pounding relentlessly into his car
He's just well he's sort of there one minute and gotten the next and the notoriously gory horses had bid 18 seconds
This kept from one of the most famous scenes in recent cinema history
How do you like that? Thank God that all those great goi can be us kept safe from all this filth and this oh look at
He says we've got to be ready for the worst and I'm looking at him and thinking we already got it all
Gonna help meet the immediate needs of those whose lives returned upside down upside down when you stole the elections over
This is my
Everybody on the empty ass. See these five sixteen hold on
Oh, presidents
Goodbye George you gotta go me oh my oh
You gotta go home quick
Why stop that all the bio
We use your flu quick when it came to six cherry shallow
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush now say goodbye oh
I thought you're just wild people drown you played around a relaxing golf
He was on vacation priorities and on your cup of tea that's ever been done
And no one can't to even prepare for the worst scenario
You're the one busy having fun and that's no no
You'll investigate and elated gates that's real bullshit
Tell me your situation ones that don't you get locked up so it don't continue
But no one will get flamed like with agent flamed no hands will roll
And as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no charges file what a surprise
You're a liar no one gets fired with each new mess oh nobody a new death toll
Slip in the polls that's no problem oh
Your spin machine will deal with new world means because that's their job oh as per usual
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush your
Oh
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no
I'm a problem sol you made it obvious that these can most of us you have no shame oh
Shame what's that and what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died oh
Son of a bitch you should be impeached and we mean front down
Who is all the favor and get the fuck out you know here
Yeah
Helped an African-American couple displaced by the storm tracked down their daughter in Maryland. Oh, there you go
Let's hear somebody's really a great human interest story somebody's heartwarming uh, you know
Don't you be yes?
I'll make you gig right in the middle of lunch are we apologize for that
719 votes on the pool not too bad huh that bad creep it on crawl our way to a thousand a
We will get there by two o'clock otherwise we may have to delay the emote from the earth show not
716 we got the worst TV actor actress of all time is Donald Trump 77 George is happy about that check Nora 73
Tony Danza 55 toy spelling 49 how you spell in that Bob Sagitt 38 and mr. Tebe having 33
He's right on top of cano reaves and cano seem to be enjoying it
Think we got to take a couple of calls because once I get started reading all of this stuff
You know me. I just got so much good stuff. I'll take one now quick. There aren't any
Well, that's because I'm read all these long ponderous things and like Tommy says man
This is a guy who too shallow to articulate his own ideas in the positions
I mean, you know, I mean that more mean doubt she and O'Neal Rogers although I do have a column from today right here message
I can't WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, can I speak with George?
No
I'm sorry, who can I speak to George grow up pali? Okay, can I speak to George? It sounded like one of your people
567 I just tested the waters now to see if there's anybody out there with something else say another we see we've got their tongue
Twisted with this new pole deal. We might be do this all for like the next the three years plus
Pools that we've been doing before and then of course we already got the pre-made list now there are all
I always try to lie into it. There must be 50,000 bad actors and actresses out there that you have a name yet
But we just make it a hell of a lot tougher for you. Oh, I got one for the pool. How about something like
How about having something to say?
All right, when was the last year that happened 18?
WQ a.m. Hello
George yes, and now I was playing on mogan and I got 362 miles an hour excellent congratulations good life like Jennifer would say WQ a.m. Hello
I've done better than that. Hey, how you doing?
I know you guys are usually on top of everything but
What do we have heard you talk about the federal government's suspension of the day was taken a wage
Requirements for all federal projects out there in Louisiana and hurricane affected areas. Yeah, and you guys haven't
Haven't seen you know George Bush. Hey, I'm want to help all the people out there in Louisiana with economic
Assisted all that but we don't want to pay him the wage required
Correct by the act I mentioned that in passing no few days ago. That's that's something brand new get with it Pellie
Why are we supposed to be surprised about that? Okay, just like the way he's treating the military and the veterans
I mean is there any surprise about any of these things? Oh those aren't rich people. Oh to understand
They're not his base that not his constituency even the military does generally tend to vote Republican because they don't know any better
Because that's the macho thing. It's kind of like here are people the same thing
It's macho. We don't want to vote for those pansy
Ciccified Democrats which quite frankly justified these days. I think is the word anyway marine downrights message
I can't see and again, let me try to explain it because
Not that I really should care but it's just it pains me that's like it
Somebody has been around that long who's so stupid as little Tommy jica the reason I read these articles like I said
The other day by people like marine doubt and Frank rich and fagrige is because I'm not I'm not in their league
I'm not I'm not a brilliant writer. I'm not there's not I'm not capable of expressing and
Expounding the things the way that they do and the overwhelming majority of people out there don't read newspapers
Don't read the stories on our website. Don't read anything. Okay. Maybe once in a while. Take a look at the cartoons
That's it. Okay, so I consider and take 80 million stupid ass calls or talk about sports all day
You think that Ronnie Brown's gonna get more than 30 yards this week nail stuff like that or I could just do this
And quite frankly do we have a problem so far in the show?
I mean we have some problems on his radio station with some numbers
The other story not between 10 and 2 and that's all I can do
Anyway, see one one that's fascinating. I mean before I think that was just this
You know said it was sent to get me going it did that's right. Why should I pay attention though?
Hey time go on every show in town and rip me and ask to be sure
You know spelled the name right on the year marine does says the president won't be happy until he don's a yellow slicker
And actually takes the place of Anderson Cooper violently blown about by Rita as he talks into a camera lens lens
Lashed with water hanging onto a mailbox. He's hit by a flying pig in a squall
sucked up by a water spot in the eye of the storm over the dry tour togas
Then maybe he'll go back to the White House and do his job instead of running down to the Gulf Coast for silly disaster
Offs every other day. There's nothing more pathetic and watching someone who's out of touch feign being in touch
On his filth sod and pilgrimage of pettinance to the devastation took so long to comprehend
W. Desperately tried to show concern
He said he had spent some quality time at a Sherborn plant in Pascagula and mattered about trash removal
Infrastructure assessment teams and the can do spirit
We look forward to hearing your vision so we can more better do our job
He said in briefing the Gulf for Mississippi urging local officials to think bold while they still need to think mold
Mr. Bush had stopped posing in shirts leaves and back to the Oval Office
He has more hats and cronies. He's trying to put into important jobs and he needs to ride hurt on that
The announcement that a veterinarian Norris Alderson who has no experience on women's health issues
Would have the FDA's office of women's health ran into so much flak from appalled women that the FDA may have already
Renegged on it no morning after pill thanks to the anti-deluvian administration
But there may be hope for a morning after horse pill
A veterinarian on women's health mr. Bush made a frowny over brownie but didn't learn much
He's once more tried to appoint a nothing burger to a position of real consequence in homeland security
The choice of Julie Myers a 36-year-old lawyer with virtually no immigration's customs or law enforcement experience
To head to royaling immigration and customs enforcement agency with four billion dollar budget and 22,000 staffers has caused some alarm
According to the Washington Post his Myers main credentials seem to be that she worked briefly for some semi-disgraced
Homeland Security director Michael Churdoff when he was at the Justice Department
She just married mr. Churdoff's chief of staff John Wood and she's an effigy an east of general Richard Myers chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff
As a former associate for Kenny star the young woman does have impeachment experience in case the forensic war on terrorism requires the analysis of stains on dresses
Julie makes brownie look like Julie Annie
I'll sleep better than I knowing that when she gets back from her honeymoon
Julie will be patrolling the frontier as if the veterinarian and the niece weren't bad enough
There was also the accused
David Safavian the White House procurement official involved in Katrina relief efforts was arrested Monday
accused of the FBI by lying of lying and obstructing criminal investigation into the sceney case at casino jack abermoth
The Republican operative has broken new ground to giving lobbying a bad name
Democrats say the fact that mr. Safavian's wife is a top lawyer for the Republican congressman who's leading the white wash
The White House bloodied on Katrina does not give them confidence just as he is still involved other inquiries mr
Bush is trying to paper over his Katrina mistakes by pointing his homeland security advisor
Francis Townsend to investigate how the feds fumble the response
Mr. Bush is who's your daddy bravera bravera blowing off the work on global warming and the allies on the Iraq invasion
Has been slapped back by mother nature which refuses to be fooled by spin when dollar rumsfield came up yesterday
To castigate the gloom and dumors and talk about the inroads that American forces have made against terrorists in Afghanistan and Iraq
He couldn't so easily be cast reality in Afghanistan
He was his hand-picked puppet president is still battling war laws and he revertified Taliban and the export of poppies for the heroin trade is once more thriving
Iraq is worse with more than 1900 American troops killed five more died yesterday as well as for security men connected to the
US Embassy office in Mosul all the fashion a teocratic leaning regime aligned with Iran in
Bosnia two journalists who've done work for the times have been killed in the last two months the more the president echoes his dad's message
I care the more the world here is message I can't
That's going Marine. I mean I can't know any of Rogers, but now we're gonna tell you who is exactly
What do we got on the pull the worst TV act director's of all time ever is we got seven or 38
That's not so great, you know, we need about eight fifty by one o'clock
I think when they're starting to slack off on us now, you know
Those slipper and this is why I've been trying to teach you a giant
Have to keep whipping them and whipping them and beating them in the top. Yeah
Or they just like you know, they they lose their interest
Just like when I read those long pondrist stories like the one I just read by Marina
They lose their interest. It's that they have a short attention span
740 I'm seeing on there right now and we got to have like well over 800 by one o'clock even have a chance a
China-man's chance in hell in Perkthory. What do you say about what you do with oh, yeah, they can do it over
This is
I'm sorry
Your new director of FEMA now look if you send your hard earned dollars to me
Yeah, I can assure you that yet every last penny will go towards the relief effort
It'll be such a relief to me to find a new tailored suit to match my ox blood shoes
G, you know, it's hard to believe I'm director of FEMA isn't it? Well, you know
I I think it had something to do with my
$50,000 contribution to the r&c while I'll never forget the day. I delivered the jack-of-pen now
I'm Mr. Melon. Well, Mr. Reed come in cuz I'm here to deliver this check to you
What an adorable suit. I think I didn't know searsucker was back in style. Well, I uh, I slept on the plane
I stand up and no, not at all
Uh, you uh, you're not wearing any pants
Yeah, just doing life art for homo land security now turn around now wait a minute cut that out
You what a grout now look it. I'm left that way but I have someone here who will just to say oh, mo
Yeah, yeah, what do you want Greg? Yo, it's you what that guy again?
Everywhere I go
Oh
Well, at least now we know where he's going anyway 26 to 1 a Q a m
The host of a new Dutch talk show plans to take heroin and other illegal drugs on air
On the air in a program intended to reach young audiences on top of his that helps their lives
Producers say today what you've been doing that for a long time. It's just today
The show scheduled to appear on late night TV. I told her tent is called spoytin and slickin
I think it may be a bad translation here
It says or the shoot up and swallow show is that shoot up or above even in the liberal Netherlands where marijuana is sold and used openly
They proposed action by presenter filamon wesselink is illegal and the idea was met with this made by ruling center by Christian
Democratic party
This is dangerous and sets of bad example said party spokesman Peter Hermann
We're going to ask the justice minister if her is view on what the law says about this and his view on dangers and risks involved
Just this ministry spokesman evil homies said it wasn't clearly whether wesselink would be prosecuted
Permission of any matter a possession of any amount of heroin is illegal
But in practice police usually don't have resources to chase after people with less than half a gram
The actual taking of drugs is a health problem not a criminal act
Although it's obviously hard to take drugs without possessing them first
Am I said in any case? It's not something we endorse and doing it on television is undesirable
He shoot up and swallow shows main hostages will interview guest about drug use and abuse while wesselink another presenter
We'll carry out in the field experiments with sex and drugs
Wesselink 26 plans to ingest heroin in the form of a pill said
Ingrid Timmer spoke for women for the shows producer bnn
It's not our intention to create an outcry. We just want to talk about subjects that are part of young people's lives
She be saying another segment on the show where sling plans to go on a drinking vigen in the series of pubs
Also will try lsd on his couch out of the supervision of his mother
What's just a sugar cube so he'll be safe the needle ends is also known of course for its marijuana policy
Where the sale news had drugs and small quantities are not prosecuted even though technically illegal
Other drugs including lsd cocaine ecstasy and heroin outlawed and dealers are prosecuted
Legal age for consumption of booze into back was 16
co
Yeah, I got a good machine man. Don't worry about my machines treat by agra
55
755 we got on it. We had a long way to go to make that thousand. I think we're gonna do it
I thought we were a piece of cake in like flin man
And just when you take it for granted and you start getting down a business and you don't start like
Bang and then clang and then reading and you know reading all the results of that thing
Learn my gonna tell you Donald Trump and Chuck Norris
79 to 78 and that's another reason they ought to be hopping on it. Pulse. We got a good battle going on there
Right just like a firmman alley darn knows to know his neck to neck is Chuck. What was hell was his name?
Nor he's dead. Look at the race caller. Oh my god. I can't believe I forgot his name. What a great race
But he was the guy that before they'd Johnson. Oh, he was like shaving one day in a motel and he like croaked like Don drives
Yeah, he just croaked chick Anderson. Oh, not check her and check Anderson. Here is a story of a little a lovely lady
Now this marked rollette now you wonder who the hell is that see a lot of people I've said if I don't tell you who that
It is he's a political satirist commentator. Listen Sacramento. Is that enough now? Let me give you a clue what this is unrelated
It starts out. I have seen the face of God now you get an idea where this is going. I do know this is not George W. Bush's daily affirmation
If I'm looking in the mirror each morning after coming to
Transmortifying a getting up although it could be I guess but rather the rapturous exclamation from Howard Beal Peter Finceny
Chillingly predicted 1976 movie network based on the brilliant screenplay by the late great petty Transky
Beal is a newscaster turned primetime ranting head deemed the mad prophet of the airwaves who is on air anti-establishment
Truth-laden diatrives in order to huge audience not just his ratings go sky high
However, when he successfully urges viewers to help kill and unsavvy multi-bid and dollar deal is there any other kind
Involving the Arabs and his net worst parent company
Community cases corporation of America CCA he also exponentially increases the IRR of Arthur Jensen
Ned Vady the corporate corporations president board chairman Beal's epiphany comes after Jensen calls him into CCA's
Cathedral-like boardroom and rowing retells him out the world operates really you have meddled with a primal forces of nature
Mr. Beal and I won't have it is that clear you think you've merely stopped the business deal
That is not the case the Arabs have taken billions of dollars out of this country and now they must put it back
It's ebb and flow title of gravity. It's ecological balance
You're an old man who thinks in terms of nations and peoples there are no nations
There are no peoples there are no Russians there are no Arabs there are no third world
There is no west there is only one holistic system of systems one vast and in Maine interwoven interacting multi-variates
Multinational the minion of dollars petro dollars electro dollars multi dollars rock marks rubles pounds checkles
It's the international system of currency that determines the totality of life on this planet
That is the natural order of things today. That's the atomic subatomic and galactic structure of things today
And you have meddled with the primal forces of nature and you will atone you get up on your little 21 in screen and how about American democracy
There is no America there is no democracy. There's only IBM and ITT and AT&T and Dupont, Dow union carbide and next on those are the nations of the world today
What do you think the Russians talk about in their councils of state Karl Marx?
They pull out their linear programming charts statistical decision theories and minimax solutions and compute the price cost probabilities of their
transactions and investments just like we do we no longer live in a world of nations and ideologies mr.
Beale the world is a college of corporations inexorably determined by the immutable bylaws of business the world is a business
Mr. Beale having previously written about this scene. I feel like I'm starting to repeat myself having previously written about this
scene. I feel like I'm starting to repeat myself. I want to use that one for while he says
I can't help it though as I have horrified me watch the Bushies grease the skids in every way imaginable for their corporate
Cronies while simultaneously making it painfully planned that human lives including Americans are worthless in their bottom
Little line little minds. I've mentally replayed this model of many many times
It's messages to her today. They won't shavsky first pendant nearly three days the decades back
There are no nations there is no democracy. There is no America. There's only business which leads me to ask to one of my really being loyal now
If I say I'm a patriotic American I think I'd like to do the break now because this is a very very long
Okay, another one of those long stories is it good?
Well not only that but we know I'll sit on the edge of the seat and see if the when
uh charge pushes the button is this is meal Roger
Real American A-holes
We salute you Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
We learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. It's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown
Apparently nothing and that's what's left of the Gulf Coast
Nothing
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government
But you created so much red tape the victims won't receive it till money
So
When all is said and done you will lose your job faster than you can say
E-colors
And if there's any justice in this world you'll be calling that Houston Astridone home too
We salute you Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
Your clipboard your stupid Navy Blue Females shirt and your comb over you our real American A-hole
Absolutely don't forget most from New York at two
777 votes on the pool we got a halibut a long way to go to get to thousand
777 I mean I like the sound of that you know it's like right in the way six sixty six seven seven seven seven next come to eight eighty eight
But I don't think it's going to be all that great we got a 223 to go in like an hour and 14 minutes
You think we can do that? I don't know
Well, it's you an hour and 14 minutes is what is 74 minutes? Okay, and when I say two twenty three
That's like that's about like about three
I mean, we could sure do that if we had anybody listening out there if they weren't tired of my sitting here
We know these old boring stories anyway. I like the one I'm reading right now by Mark Thorell
Who is what is he who is he again?
I forgot he's a political satirist commentator listen Sacramento at least does now, but he ain't gonna be there long
Anyway, he says a few years ago. I visited the D-Day beaches and Normandy France
I stood on bloody Omaha and looked back at the hugging bluffs and remnants of the ubiquitous German fortifications overlooking the arena
And I wondered how anyone could have ever survived the unrelenting withering fire that poured down from them
I've always marveled at the sacrifice made by those who willingly waited in that maelstrom to yes help save the world
I also spent time with the American cemetery of Abba Omaha with its
987 graves marked by white marble crosses and stars have David laid out and row upon silent row filled with bodies of soldiers
Many of whom were only 18 19 20 years old who died in fighting a war that many including me considered a noble cause
I think all war is lunacy, but since one never knows when the next apocalyptic
Madman with a powerful army will show up to terminus squals as many human rights as lives as possible
I also believe in providing for the common defense as the linear the Constitution
Ah, yes, the Constitution the document that went combined with its spiritual twin the Declaration of Independence forms a venerated
Tendon that embodies the serenely beautiful ideals comprising the true essence of our beloved America really is a release and
Spirantly strives to be or did that as until W came along twice got a self-appointed president and like a cackling
Drunken and drunken adolescent in other words a typical bush peed all over the whole deal see there's that peeword again
Oh no W are very own insane very little man who's affinity for dressing up a military garb started taking flight only decades after he's been a year avoiding the same
The neo-Napole and was test-numping the authorize torture in order of a hundred thousand innocence while taking his own
Volusional stab at global conquest a soulless nutcase of a silver spoon twit who simply considers as he considers everything
The aforementioned two manuscripts nothing more than dated freight papers full of so many words
And we all know how trying he finds those pesky things what were there being stuff to the brim with tricky letters and syllables and all
Liberties writes justice quality and most of all the rule of law all viewed as merely net like annoying impediments by the bushy and thugs
As they go step their way toward their sole goal and in that can be summed up in three words
Well four if you count the one in parentheses more power and profits
Whereas the imperialistic imbicils is the project for the new american century crow american interest in principles business interest
Business principles and oxie moron if there ever was one bush a moron if there ever was one cheap. I know but too tempting
I'm gonna swear field he to that you remember when we were taught about 1930s Germany and Hitler's ascension
We'd all think wow. Why did the German people rise up?
How could they let that happen in their country just take a look at America under voice
We documented death destruction and decimation of democracy in just a few short years is truly breathtaking
Yet still he is supported by tens of millions of adult-brained adamantine americans
Hitler couldn't have gotten as far as he did without good Germans either remember that in the end of the movie in that work
He said he wanted they wanted a fire Howard vio right and mr. Jensen was adamantine
First time ever heard that word him or couldn't have gotten as far as he did without his good Germans either for those who gasped and say why you're comparing bush to Hitler
Let me stop you right there figuratively look you straight in your liver are literally be the little I'm assure you your damn straight
I am loss and see wounds I'm a blick namon soul and veer you take a look shall we
Let us like it. No, that's not what it means. Let us take a look shall we?
Hitler had no respect for human life bush has no respect for human life Hitler spoke in a foreign tongue
Bush speaks in a foreign tongue Hitler was insane Bush is insane
Hitler had a fascist regime Bush had the fascist regime Hitler had a funny little mustache if Bush grew when he'd have one too
Hitler tried to take over the world Bush is trying to take over the world
Hitler though completely shot through with evil was a mesmerizing order
Bush though completely shot though with evil is well okay
So the comparison isn't perfect
But it's close and justice and horses and grenades and ongoing planetary annihilation closest close enough
So Bush hasn't sent six million undesirables off the gas chambers yet
Remember though it took even Hitler a while to get those babies up and running in the meantime
Bush can just let America as useless either is down and drown in their own homes
If only those folks in the worldians had been better Americans by being less poor
Consuming more and possessing lighter pigmentation
Well, then maybe help would have arrived a little bit quicker
The world is a business Mr. Beale not to mention a touch racist
Whether the nature of the questionable industry and question is pharmaceuticals financial oil energy agriculture telecommunications reconstruction
Chemical insurance security food processing mining or increasing the water the dark record is clear
The people who operate such enterprises prosper big time while everyone else suffers immensely
It's not that businesses inherently bad that would be like saying an alcohol and inner substance is bad
But booze used badly is incredibly destructive and so it is with business only on a tremendously grander scale
Of course the Moab mother of all businesses is the military industrial complex the one the president white the Eisenhower
A man who knew a thing about a war a thing or two about it
Presently warned us over 40 years ago. We along with all the other poor bastards on its to-do list are now firmly in its death grip
The Bush's business overallist mentality and pathological the property are hardly news to me
But ever since the completely affordable deaths of hundreds if not thousands of Americans directly attributed to Bush and his fellow fascists
Katrina related criminal indifference and incompetence conspiracy take your pick
I've noticed with me a new feeling a new thought presses and not so subtle and very real shift
I no longer feel any allegiance to America not this one
The America I grew up in was in love with and was in love with felt part of was proud to be from got all misty
I'd for felt a bone deep obligation to is dead dead dead
And because of the ruling cannibals voriciously consuming her corpse will never relinquish power barring and exceeding unlikely armed revolt
Has left forever than now found and foundation was building this America?
I would no more left no more left to finger try to defend the rotten government that controls this bin I did place
Then I would lend a helping hand to someone who disembowels babies or burns animals alive
Because if I did the former I'd also be doing the latter that's not to say I wouldn't pick up a gun if we were actually invaded by another
Characteristically were my monitoring nation like say canada
But it would be hell of a tough time deciding who to put forth in the crosshairs
No doubt you hear the refrain if you hate it so much here then why don't you just leave way ahead of your amigo
I make plans as I write this to move to a particular unnamed central American country
Well, it actually does have a name, but I'm really sure how particular it is some countries are more picky than others
You know it lies between Nicaragua and Panama and Spanish name means rich coast
But I don't want to divulge too much much less. I give it away in about a year
I hope to be living in Costa Rica where I hate it when I do that is this throwing into towel
Yeah, I still find myself out there in this recorder with my anti-bush sign during our regular 7-9 demo here in Sacramento
And I keep writing away into another activist duty says a sign
But at the same time I wonder how much good any of it does my guess not much if any no doubt out here
This refrain too if you just pick up your sign and go to your new home what good is that to this is a legitimate question
And when I'm sure every person who kind of plates fleeing his or her native land for political reasons repeatedly pond is
I think it comes down to we all got to do what we all got to do
I don't mean that to be flippant the sighting department will leave the U.S. is not the easiest decision I make
Although I fully appreciate being forced enough to
To so choose for I've always naturally deeply loved where America stood for and meant
But I can no longer stand what it has become
How do you like that?
Costa Rica
I heard about that place maybe you'll pack him a taco in a way out they have tacos there
Then I'm going five six seven oh five sixty. I don't want to sit here reading till two o'clock because then we'll get
Read up in the newspapers and they'll be ripping me an ass and then they'll spell my name right we might get some new listeners
How are we doing out of pull we got 800 yet? We got 802. I'll ride we're gonna make it 806
They're coming in big chunks now. What is with these people are they're strange, you know
You would but strange they're strange in a good way sometime not the callers 807 the worst TV actor actress ever Donald Trump 87
Chuck Norris 79 still up for grabs 20 dances on their s61
Torrey spelling 53 five second 44 and mr. T37
WD QAM hello QAM
Uncle Neil yes sir
What article was that or what's the name of the title of the article?
The heading is Mark Drollett hate America you bet this one menu this America the Bush America that's the heading
Mark Drollett DROL TTE
Okay
Hanemata streetcord
Yeah, it's from all that reading man your gag
What's better WQAM hello
WQAM hello
WQAM hello
Hey valley yes sir hey how you're not having a sugar on that hole he is on a pull oh he isn't sorry
What about any chocolate plays on i sit calm and also the guy who's on samfordon son the uh the son tell me the big dummy
take care
Freddie Prince no samfordon son or samfordon son was was the other show Freddie Prince was on uh Tiko and the man
I was get those two confused wow that's cool your stuff right well who's the uh um
for samfordon the mod wilson i think is the actor oh the man Wilson used to be on Hollywood squares
He was really bad he was not really a bad actor he was also bad and his name was spelled very bizarrely
So i think you'll have to google it to get the right Josh the man was like de s m o n d e
yes the man
Wasn't that it it's the man
No it is not all right is it
Get out of here. He's going to learn it right now. The M O N D my ass
oh
Yeah it is demand how you spell it the M O N D my ass
Your ass okay is grass well just smoke it 12.56 in qa m this is
This is five sixty two six and two
oh
Hello this is on this is not a tumor it's the ones that two
I
Oh
Come from
Texas when it gets on my
me
I know they died in the way
Z and I
I raised cash for the T O P
Oh
Don't put the blame on me
As I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity
Swing your partner round and round now do a little swim into the war with
Swim to the left to the right here we go swing a little mud down go see no
Oh
Like in those people
This person the reason I'm a damn it is for you right
Jesus
I am they Cliff
Or
Will young
tortured
She will be Bobby Brown with smoking has been called and it's crack black white with me.
And I bet she feels crappy got more folks than Cammy or is it TV history.
On the road there's the one we all despise.
Well she's misprimmed and proper and no one can stop her from telling her lies.
The one strong fire the wind, all she did was constantly pitch.
She's the one scary and the one in charge.
By far.
102 at 560 WM happy Wednesday too.
That's story by the way to Mark Drewet's story that I read very poorly.
It'll be on tomorrow.
Or you can go to smurkingchimp.com and it's on today.
Got it Eric Josh.
Or you can wait till tomorrow.
Look at that on our website.
That's his way of saying he's not going to put it on today.
Which is okay.
We got more than enough on here today.
We got more than you can handle.
How's the votes coming on I pull we're going to get our thousand this hour.
This is the real test now.
No excuses.
No more hurricane today for Florida.
We're in a clear.
It's probably the sun is shining somewhere.
854.
We need 146.
What can we do it?
That's the obvious question.
Can we do it?
Huh?
146 in 57 minutes is what?
That's like not even three a minute.
You could do that with your eyes closed.
Maybe Hank is there working in an asset to house you think?
No.
That was depressing.
Some people are just resistant to change.
Some of us when we get old we're like funny, dirty and we just don't want to be bothered with that.
But I can't even imagine and I think you probably would agree.
I know Josh does because it's part of his livelihood.
All the big bucks he's making.
But can you even imagine your life without the internet?
No, not anymore.
Thank you Al Gore and thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices too.
I'd have to pick up a newspaper to find out when a movie is playing.
And I don't need that.
But doing a show without the internet?
I mean you know what's upon a time I know that things change in broadcasting as somebody famous once said.
Right.
But you know some people don't understand it and that's why they don't write about radio because they've long since lost touch with what's happening in it.
Things change.
Here's a go who don't need a computer to show.
But now if you want to keep in touch with what's going on.
If you want to be right on top of it.
For example, Indonesia is called an outbreak of verb flu in its team in capital and epidemic.
And it's health and agriculture less words today from around the world converge on to card that help control the virus.
Now I keep finding more and more stories about this and we do put them on our website.
And not too many people in America are talking about this.
Although I know this bush made a comment.
Do you have a look in passing like, oh we're all going to die.
Health Minister Satif Adilasu Patti, which I'm sure is not the way Brown says name.
It sounds almost Italian to me, but nevertheless said the emergence of spring.
I make a lot of mistakes in reading this crappy.
You know what's too bad said the emergence of sporadic human cases of birds.
When recent months in and around different parts of Jakarta home to 12 million people.
Warned the epidemic tag.
She was speaking before announcing that initial local test in a five year old girl who died on Wednesday.
If they're suffering from birth loose symptoms was negative for the virus.
Oh, thank God for that.
She died, but not from that bad stuff.
This could be described as an epidemic.
These cases will happen again as long as we cannot determine the source she told reporters.
But she assisted it would be wrong to label day.
Here's the good part.
It's not a frightening epidemic.
It's just a plain old regular pedestrian epidemic as opposed to a frightening epidemic.
God's right.
Four Indonesians already are confirmed to have died since July from the Hathi pathogenic 8.5N1 straighter bird flu.
Which is called the total of 64 people in four Asian countries.
Since the late 2003 and has been found in birds in Russia and in Europe.
Six other patients are still in the government.
This is made in hospital in Jakarta suspected of having the avion flu.
Or is that avion is in don't drink the water.
I don't say that avion is good water.
That's not reduced from France.
Like I said, I don't like it.
I'm going to drink bottled water.
I'll drink sand, telegrenor.
Thank you.
Or a mountain valley.
How come my mountain valley?
How come I don't want to go into it?
The UN World Health Organization last week,
where in bird flu was moving toward a form that could be passed between human beings in the world
had no time to waste a prevent a pandemic and operate that spreads far more widely than they just your plain old regular.
I'll hand them a quick look at the things.
Maybe ins of people could die if they don't cut the crap and get with it.
But of course, an America worried about important things like porn.
So here's that story.
Recruit software, the porn squad from the Washington Post.
This should be enough to make it.
And right on the heels of that cob I read by Mark Durellet,
who's leaving the country of York, of course, La Vika.
You should be real fascinated to hear this.
This is what your tax dollars are being spent for.
Recruit software, the porn squad.
The FBI is joining the Bush administration's war on porn,
and it's looking for a few good agents.
I bet you they're looking all regions of the country west.
I'll do that.
Randy West, Peter North.
Early last month, the Bureau of Washington Field Office began recruiting for a new anti-accented squad.
Attempts of the job posting was a July 29th electronic communication from FBI headquarters
to all 56 field offices,
describing initiatives as one of the top priorities of Attorney General Alberto Arcanzales
and by extension lead director.
That would be FBI director Robert S. Mueller III,
who used to make some pretty good pasta, but no mole.
Most of his comments here began propagating around the water coolers
at 614th Street Northwest, and it said lights were the FBI's second largest field office concept.
Concentrates on national security, high technology crimes and public corruption.
That was a bacon griff.
Started like juicy.
No.
The new squad will divert eight agents to supervise or an assortant support staff
to gather evidence against, manufacturers and purveyors of pornography.
Not the kind of exploiting children, but the kind that depicts and is marketed to consulting adults.
Oh my God.
I guess this means we've won the war on terrorists and won an ex-sporated FBI agent,
speaking on the condition of anonymity because poking fun at headquarters is not regarded as career enhancing.
We must not need any more resources for espionage, he said.
Among friends and trusted colleagues and experienced national security analysts said
it's a running joke for us, a few of the printable samples, things I don't want on my resume volume four.
I already gave it home and honestly most of the guys would have to recuse themselves.
Federal obscenity prosecutions which have been out of style since Attorney General Edwin Meast
the Turret and the Reagan administration made pornography a signature issue in the 80s,
do encounter many legal issues including first amendment claims, the FBI headquarters memo noted,
first amendment, what's that?
Fill the rights, what that was at?
Applicants for the porn squad should therefore have a stomach for the kind of material
that tends to be most defensive to local juries.
Community standards along with a brilliant purpose of an absence of artistic mirrored
define criminal obscenity under current Supreme Court doctrine.
Based on a review of past successful cases and a variety of jurisdictions the memo said,
the best odds of conviction come with pornography that includes
bestiality, urination, defecation, as well as sadistic and masochistic behavior.
No word on the universe of other kings that help make porn a multi-billion dollar industry.
Bestiality, urination, defecation as well as SNM, hey?
There goes that movie.
Popular acceptance of hardcore pornography is come a long way with
own bit stars becoming mainstream celebrities in their product and the products once
confined to CD shops and theaters being pervaded by upscale hotels and most home people
and satellite TV systems.
Explicit sexual entertainment is a big profit center for companies including General Motors
and Rupert Murdoch's news corp, two major owners of Direct TV,
Time Order Inc and the Sheridan and Hilton Mary Outenhigh at Hotel Saints,
like we said before.
But Gonzalez endorses the rational predecessor Ed Meast that an old pornography
is a threat to families and children.
Christian conservators, long skeptical of Gonzalez, greeted the pornography initiative
with what the Family Research Council called a growing sense of confidence in our new attorney general.
Alberto, Congress began funding the Obsidian Initiative in physical
2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
The Bureau decided to create a dedicated squat only in the Washington field or office.
All other field or offices may investigate obscenity cases pursuant to this initiative
if resources are available to the director for men.
Field offices should not, however, divert resources from higher-party matters such as public corruption.
Public corruption officially is forth on the FBI's priority list after protecting the US from terrorist attack,
foreign espionage and cyber-based attacks.
Just below those priorities are civil rights, organized crime, like color crime and significant violent crime.
The guidance from headquarters does not mention where pornography fits in, probably in your...
The Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigations top priority remains fighting the war on terrorism,
so justice department press secretary Brian Rorcazza.
However, it is not our sole priority.
In fact, Congress is directed to focus on other priorities such as obscenity.
At the FBI's field office, spokeswoman Deborah Weyrman expressed disappointment that some of her colleagues find grist for humor in the new campaign.
The adult obscenity squad stems from an attorney general mandate funded by Congress.
The personnel assigned to this initiative take the responsibility of this assignment very seriously,
and are dedicated to the success of this program, she would say.
She enjoys that will oak.
What a max that would make, huh?
A match made in purgatory.
I'm telling you, that article I read before, that's the epitome that said that's the epitome of it.
You have your thumb on it, the epitome.
He said that on the ear once.
Hey, listen, Ed Morrell was great, and Dan Radler gets all choked up.
Danny Boy was on last night with Larry King, I told him that.
And a couple of times I thought he was going to get choked up on there.
In fact, he talked about the time he's gotten choked up on it.
But Ed Morrell was this here, and there's a great movie about Ed Morrell.
It's a George Clooney movie, which I'm not big on George Clooney, about Edward R. Morrell.
I think I can't think of what it's called.
It's either Outer, it's coming out.
And he said it was great.
But anyway, he wants that epitome on here.
We all, all the great urineless make mistakes, right?
Like me, for example, like half of the words that I butcher in those articles, like who cares?
Nobody cares.
Why?
Makes them funny.
Is that what it is?
Oh, these are funny articles that I don't realize that.
They can be.
Oh, no, I know why I like them so much.
Or why you like them so much?
Like those cartoons.
I don't think the one via Mark Throlet was all that funny.
It kind of like, although it didn't have all the network stuff in there, that's what attracted me to it, of course.
Because I still think that, and I don't care what Josh Cortes says, you know, who doesn't like the movie.
That's fine, you know, no problem.
I can handle the, whatever the hell I paid, what was it?
25 bucks?
Just deducted.
No, no, seriously, this is a man who was so far ahead of his time is okay.
Patty Triewski, who was a zillion years ahead of his time, and the acting performances in that movie are so spectacular by Peter Finch and William Holden and by what's your name?
What?
Faith, done away.
Faith away.
All of them.
Everybody in that movie is great.
Yeah, the acting was good.
Yeah, he just talked to movies stuff.
That's all.
And what about Ned Beatty?
And what about Robert Duball?
What a cast.
Huh?
Just the line alone, just that scene where he's iracculating there on TV.
I'm in the middle of hell, but I don't think there's any more.
Oh, that was really the suits there that was doing the iracculating.
Excuse me.
He was just a mad prophet railing about the hypocrisies or of our times.
He wanted to be a mad prophet, ranting about the hypocrisies.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
Then grab it.
That's a good scene too.
The whole movie is great, but it's just punks like Josh Cortes shouldn't be watching Network.
Okay, it's so far above his head.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Network is to you like what this show is to Tom Jirka.
It's it's beyond your comprehension.
Is that right?
Well, I'm pretty sure that nobody's called in and said, hey, I watched Network and Josh was wrong.
All they will know.
I mean, I'm sure plenty of people have seen it out there.
I haven't, I haven't heard otherwise.
So in other words, you're telling me that nobody liked the movie except me and George?
I didn't say that.
I just said a good message in the movie, but a little slow.
Oh, excuse me very slow.
What was the message that I'd say that way less to get on top?
Is that the message you saw?
14 past one at five 60 W.A.M.
The Emil Costa's floor is number one.
Agent Gore made the phase rate advise to get rest around review.
You asked for it and now every Friday through Sunday night, lobster fest is backed by proper demand featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And it can still enjoy cramp fest every night with the last gun, snow crab legs, dungeon this crab, and Jonah Stone crabs too.
The main used to include fresh oysters on hatch.
And the sushi brought with over 30.
About 30 minutes.
There he goes with those damn droppings again.
And in addition, the Emil Costa's got your hand card primer been from your flaming grill.
FAMING!
Delicious juicy New York steaks cooked order just the way you love them.
Top off a fantastic feast with dessert at the unbelievable 40-inch chocolate fountain and hand it your own.
Strawberry is marshmallow's other neck and treats just dip them in there.
Don't forget the Emil Costa's most healthy are cooked living too because they don't use any cramp.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no garbage, no MSG headaches.
They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol freaking oil.
So if you want a fantastic feast that's good for you too, look at the reservation of the Emil Costa's three locations you'll find them in sunrise.
Sunny Al's Beach and Pembroke Pines for the Emil Costa 954 572 3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA6.
Roger, come on.
I've planned a region to an unsurcised big symbol of my choice of the United States of America in two republics or religious bands.
One nation under unsurcised religious or non-religious representatives, debatable or individual,
with or without liberty in their country, brawl or stun.
We'll tell you that we'll tell you that we are here.
We'll tell you that we'll tell you that we are here.
We'll tell you that we'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
We'll tell you that we're here.
Absolutely.
We'll tell you that we're here.
907 votes out of whole.
We're a TV actor actress of all time.
I'm going to be really fascinated, ain't you?
See, I'm not going to tell him right now how it came out the last time about a year ago.
What that was at?
What has it been outside?
I thought it was like a little blowback.
Now, there's a little blowback.
900 in the summer, trying to get to 1000 by 2 o'clock.
We got 40 minutes.
And more from New York today, it's until o'clock, the most show.
We got 910.
But let's see, what we got right now?
Who's leading?
We got 75 different names on it.
These are exactly the same names.
Plus, we had one or two editions on here.
Like did we put a gaudy on there?
Victoria Gaudy?
I hope.
I sure hope.
Is she on there?
Yeah.
Did you have any votes?
I don't see no Victoria Gaudy on my pool.
Yes, she's got 19.
Oh, yeah, she's who?
That's because I'm looking way down on the bottom.
And there she is zoomed up the list.
She moves out.
That's how it makes me angry.
It's every time.
Because basically what they're saying on A&E, which is an A&E deal and bi-group.
They do all of these great bio-shows.
And you could see the biography of John Gaudy on there.
They've had that on.
And John Gaudy, Jr., which by the way, I got that story about the Gaudy.
They do the thing out.
But anyway, forget about that.
But it's like saying, well, you know, I'm his daughter and our family
like we're moms through related.
So therefore, you're interested in us.
Right.
And we're fine then.
The whole attitude that they core.
I mean, that was the one knock on the Godfather and good fellows.
It's that it glamorized moms.
It's using kind of like humanized them to make us empathize with them.
And as opposed to the law enforcement.
And the fact that these people were like butchering and murdering, etc. and so on.
All the way, I did like it Don Crowley on it.
The worst TV actor or actress ever is or was Donald Trump 98, Chuck Norris 85.
The Donald's starting to pull away.
And rightfully so, by the way, he's an idiot.
So he's got, see, this idea because he's got a lot of money.
You know who else really drives me nuts that they had on the other?
Ted Turner.
Yeah.
What about it?
Ted Turner has given a lot of money to charity.
I'll say that.
He's tried to do something with, and he's a self-made billionaire.
But he just aggravates the hell out of me.
Ted Turner.
Even James Fonda finally caught on to his act.
Chuck Norris 85.
Tony Danda 65.
Very annoying.
Perry Spelling 61.
Bob Sagitt 49.
He should have more than that.
He's the Antichrist.
David Peruso 40.
He's another one.
It's like a comic book character with the orange hair.
I was thinking that would be a really good pull to take someday.
Who most resembles a comic book character?
And I absolutely even though I think he's not too bad.
Rob Marciano, the weather guy in CNN.
With a head that looks like it's been in the vice.
And they just tightened that thing.
And his head is like about two inches across.
David Peruso 40.
Mr. T-39.
Cannery was 36.
Nice haircut, Mr. T.
Roseanne 33.
Ashton Croucher's God.
Bob Tudy, man.
But you don't have anything else.
Although he does have the meat.
Hall COVID-27, Ray Romano 25, and Will Smith 25.
And a list way too long to read them all out of 916.
We need 84 votes in 37 minutes.
That's like a little over two a minute.
That's like one every 25 seconds.
What's the big stimulus with that, right?
You would expect the audience.
We got out there.
Bristol, Oklahoma.
Juris hearing the case against the former judge accused
of exposing himself in his Creek County courtroom.
We'll be allowed to see the sex toy at the center of the state's allegations
that Judge Rule yesterday rejecting the fence motion.
They can also hear testimony that a second penis pump was seen under
former district Judge Donald Thompson's bench among other evidence Thompson's attorney
sought to have barred from next week's scheduled trial.
It is so fantastic and so unconnected, the factual support
and so prejudicial attorney Clark Brewster complained in tying
in trying to convince Judge C. Allen recalled a suppressed and state evidence.
Thompson 58 has spent more than 20 years on the bench before setting down more than
a year ago faces three counts of indecent exposure.
Prosecutors' lights he masturbated with a penis pump under his robe
by presenting over two murder trials in a civil trial in 2003.
Thompson denies the allegations and said the pump season the case was a gag gift
from a friend.
Brewster argued that the state should be prevented from submitting the device's
evidence containing the not only did it not function, but it was also
sought in half on the file in the state's custody.
That must have hurt.
Now, prosecutor Patti Hai, no relation I'm sure to jet high,
said an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation chemist followed procedure
in starting the pump in two to swab it for DNA evidence.
McCall denied the defense request.
The judge also refused to defense motion to prevent testimony from a courtroom reporter
who said she discovered a different penis pump out of the judge's bench in 2001.
Brewster said there was no evidence to link the pump to his client,
but high-counter that testimony would help show this defendant committed the same crime
over and over and over again.
There's that over and over thing.
McCall took other issues raised by Thompson's team under advisement,
including testimony from woman who prosecuted a sexual relationship with Thompson
and the admission of 180 hours of courtroom takes this into the
Wushing Sound of the penis pump in use.
No, the Wushing Sound.
Do we have a Wushing Sound?
Alphando, I got not that.
No, you even hired me to better than that.
How about this?
Yeah, like that.
I mean, that's more like a Wushing Sound of me.
Brewster said he hadn't received the tapes until Friday,
had no time to have an expert evaluate them or verify certain enhanced portions provided by prosecutors.
If the jury's going to listen to these, they're going to need to listen to 180 hours he also told the judge.
The trial is expected to begin Monday when attorneys begin questioning a 350-member jury
pool the trials expected last one or two weeks.
Two days hearings offered a glimpse at the lower details,
jurors can expect to consider and even see if the judge decides that prosecutors can't
met a photo they see will be used by witness to identify Thompson's penis.
Brewster had sought that much of two days' motions,
sealed arguing that they contain anecdotal remarks from hundreds of people
with literally crazy things to say.
He said media coverage of the hearing contains potential jurors.
McCall refused citing the public's rights to know and the media's right to report.
He allowed Brewster and Hyde to agree on some of the contention claims before they were
arguing in the courtroom.
Brewster said some of the states have evidence would never be raised and they routine exposure case.
Because we've got a public figure we want to vilify, he said.
He also made it clear that the former judge would not receive any special treatment.
If convicted Thompson were to face up to 10 years in prison and a $20,000 fine on each charge
would have the register as a sex offender fine as well.
How do you like that?
It's just like those guys with a killed man always be very suspicious of what they got over those kills
and what the judge got under his robes.
Just kind of like them and religious notes too you know, that were those dresses.
Sure kind of like the Swiss guard.
933 we got a shot.
This is New Rogers.
This is 5162.
18.
The Unlittle come any worse than New Rogers.
This is their rather on special assignment for CBS News.
I now have a major announcement to make.
I have decided to change my name from then rather to D-Rath.
I thought the entire then rather name was getting in the way between me and my fans.
I've also cut my hair to a point in the front and dyed the tip screen so I might appeal to the young hipsters.
I've also traded in my Lincoln town car and got myself a new whip which is slang for car.
My new ride is a Cadillac escalator and I've picked my ride.
I've got the spinning rim.
I've got the dykes hanging from the muc.
And of course I've got a kick ass sound system where I can play or two parts.
Plus I've got a plasma screen in the back seat so as I can kick it with my homies and play video games.
I've redeperated my house or my crib.
It's fat.
And when I say fat, it's spelled Ph.A.T.
which is slang for cool hip.
Happen it because D-Rath is reinventing themselves.
I'm wearing a blade and I'm coming at you wearing baggy clothes and dating hoes.
This ain't no hola back girl.
D-Rath on special assignment for Shibius new.
Oh you kids D-Rath would Larry last night, huh?
Uh huh.
I've heard really, I all Tamil surfers see who Larry's got on and swat some snappers and spinners and squeezes bag ones or twice.
And then that's it.
But Dan was on my side and he was really good.
Dan Rath which leads me into this next story that I'm going to read.
You're not going to read more crap are you?
You bet.
951 we need 49 votes in 26 minutes.
Oh geez.
That's less than two a minute for Christ's sakes, right?
Right.
We can do that blindfolded with our hand tied, deconsight our-
Right.
You'd think.
Emotional rather blasts the new journalism order.
This is good.
He was very good last night all the way home.
As usual he like cast a tiptoe around the edges.
You don't want to say too much.
Like Brian Williams, why I agree with you?
I watch him every night now.
Now let me just tell you this.
I think that most people would have come and-
First of all most people are watching the news.
They watch you know daily show.
Whatever they watch if they're under the age of 100.
Let us old fart said actually are in the habit of watching the nightly news.
You get hooked and you watch CBS watercrunk,
I'd Dan Rath who run for about 100 years between the two of them.
And I would never deviate from that.
Deviate, yes, deviate no.
You know what I'm saying?
Deviate.
You get in the habit.
And like now when once they put the old funny dirty oaky doaky on there
from the oaky fin oaky swan,
she grew just around her teeth.
I watched it once and bye bye.
By the way he's also very condescending I've noticed.
He's using oaky doaky.
Oh he's just obnoxious.
He has no business.
He had really caused the auto-welow.
I mean that's a match made in purgatory the two of them.
Neither one of them belongs on here just to say hello or goodbye.
Hopefully goodbye.
Terrible.
So anyway I saw that one night and I thought to myself,
you people have to be schmitt me at CBS even though this is an intermediate stop on a way.
So then I flipped over and of course at that time Peter Jennings was like on a way out
to the big talk booth in the sky.
And so that left NBC and Brian Williams.
Now I agree and he's hard to look at.
You get you.
That article I had yesterday where it said something about pretty boy.
Oh man.
They must eat some.
I know a good ophthalmologist but at any rate.
But he does a good job and he's easy to listen to and as long as you don't look at the fact he's got those
800 little teeth and on the lower teeth and his eyebrows are like a cock-eyed and the fact that his face is not symmetrical.
Other than that.
And he also has that the thing that the weather guy is got which I can't think of his name right now because I have Alzheimer's.
What thing is that?
The guy from CNN and the weather guy that I'm so well Rob whatever's name is.
Marciano.
Very good.
Rocky Mar, feel more like Rocky Marciano.
How about Rocky Graziano?
He used to be that Rocky Graziano he's maybe 135th and this gay man I was good.
But anyway, he has that same like he put his hidden device in a kind of like squished up a little bit.
You know what I mean?
Like a like pimple head.
Pimple head.
Anyway former CBS news anchor Dan Rather said Monday that there's a climate of fear running through newsroom stronger than he's ever seen in more than his four decade career.
Rather famously tangled with President Nixon and his age during the water gate years while Rather was a hard charging White House correspondent.
Addressing the Fordham University School of Law Manhattan occasionally forksing back tears.
He said that the intervening years, public seasons of every persuasion had gotten better and applying pressure on the conglomerates that own broadcast networks.
He called it a new journalism order when he said he said this pressure along with the dumbed down, tarted up coverage, the advent of 24 hour cable competition.
And the chase for ratings in demographics has taken its toll on the news business.
All of this creates a bigger atmosphere of fear in the newsrooms you said.
Rather was accompanied by HBO documentary and family president Sheila Nevin's both of whom were due to receive lifetime achievement awards at the News and Documentary Emmy Awards Monday night.
And they did.
Nevin said that even in the documentary world there's a certain kind of intimidation brought to bear these days.
Especially from the religious right.
If you made a movie about evolutionary biology Charles Darwin, it would be revolutionary to have said if we did a documentary on Darwin, I'd get a thousand hate email.
Nevin asked Rather if he felt the same type of repressive forces in the Nixon administration as in the current Bush administration.
No, I do not rather said that's not to say there weren't forces trying to remove him from the White House beat while reporting on water gate.
But Rather said he felt supported by everybody above him from Washington bureau chief Bill Small to then news president Dixellant and CBS chief William S. Paley.
There was a connection between the leadership and the sense of awareness together rather said it's not that to then leadership of CBS was interested in sureholder value and profits.
But they also saw news as a public service.
Rather said he knew very little of the intense pressure moving in the early seventies because of his bosses support.
Nevin took up the cross for rather was emotional several times during the event.
When a man is close to tears discussing his work and his lips quiver he deserves bosses who punch back.
I feel I would punch back for Dan.
Nevin said rather praise the coverage of hurricane Katrina by the new generation of TV journalist and acknowledge that he would have liked to have reported from the Gulf Coast covering hurricanes is something I know something about he said.
It's been one of television's finest news moments. He said that Katrina coverage.
He likened the coverage of President Kennedy's assassination in sixty three.
They were willing to speak truth to the power where I rather said the coverage.
Of course, I didn't last too long.
Rather side step to question what should happen to the evening news and the expected makeover not my call.
He said and he said he hadn't been asked either.
I gave it everything I had. I didn't hold anything back.
I did the best news. Can't we were capable of doing rather said.
Nevin's one more single handedly is kept the art of the independent documentary on television.
Said the HBO documentary show real life and do with it is little damage to the substance as possible.
She said the producers and directors respect mostly the people on the other side of the camera.
Nevin said she didn't shy away from such our rated topic says G string divas and taxi cab confessions but noted that sex and passion at the top is a literature since Chaucer's Day.
The most our rated is a body bag not a naked body.
Nevin said that's a good line. Most our rated is a body bag.
He ought to make it body not in America though today.
Not these days. Now what's going around as we've had a bloodless coup taken over by the fanatical right way in the limitics by crazy people.
And there's one of them by the way decision for these individuals to get see she's cure of Phillips on the end of season.
All of these people now there no longer news readers now their commentators now they got an opinion now they're sucking up to the bush mice to buy.
And then they're all goose deaf and this is me Roger what solid this is 5.62.
You saw it time you go to college now watching go back even further.
It's time he goes to kindergarten.
Okay kids now we're going to finger.
How am I doing?
Just fine Tommy dear but it's not nice to use that finger.
Some kids are the teachers pet but Tommy Lee just lost a pet that teacher.
Nap time kids.
They teach. Come nap time we say you and we won't go.
I'm afraid that wouldn't be appropriate little Tommy.
Oh yeah.
Make that big Tommy.
And see me after class.
Everything Tommy Lee needs to know he'll learn in kindergarten.
Tommy do you know your ABC?
Yeah I'm sure yeah there's a hepatitis A hepatitis B and then the one that Pam has.
Time to read those check to your parents just where he belongs only on NBC world.
Yeah well being Canadian she's about to have a tight as a 972 votes we need 28 in the 15 minutes.
That would be like that would be like picking your nose you know what would be peace of cake.
Getting those 28 votes in only 15 minutes should be should be don't bring us right to the edge there.
Let us down okay that would be really bad.
Speaking of that Pope Benedict the 16 year Nazi Pope.
Hey we got a Nazi present Nazi Pope you know something to make a real fast comeback never again.
Yeah right.
Simon Viesenthal is already rolling over in his grave and he just croaked.
Pope Benedict the 16th City of approved a document saying that homosexual men should not be ordained as Roman Catholic priest.
A conservative Catholic website before yesterday to which I say a rational and choice okay that means that it closed the doors too late.
The long anticipated document prepared a request of the late Pope John Paul the tooth.
Reportedly calls on bishops to bar even chased homosexuals from seminaries have been chased out because the orientation is rooted in the person out of the assortment that may undermine their capacity to minister according to the Catholic world news.
The report posted yesterday on cwnews.com and independent news service with links to the post-American publisher could not be independently corroborated but several Vatican sources confirm that such a document has been seen on his desk awaiting his decision.
I wonder what he's going to do for a sign that or drink that cup of tea that sitting right next to it.
If this is true what's a disaster said a gay priest who I think it's not going to be named and no many celibate gay priests who feel they couldn't live with any integrity in a church that treats gay men like this.
And I know that many gay seminarians have been living celibate lives with ease who simply would leave.
Since the recent priest text abuse scandal the issue of gay priest has gone from taboo to one of the most highly debated aspects of the crisis.
Noting that the overwhelming majority of victims were teenage boys powerful members of the Roman Catholic hierarchy have framed the problem as homosexual priests unable to live chastly.
Liberal tendency to root the scandal in a culture of clerical secrecy and the church's mandatory celibacy requirement.
While the document does not represent any change in church teaching it is expected that a significant impact on American seminaries because it flies in the face of the facto policy of don't acts, don't tell them most of them.
But you sure can tell by looking for that reason many conservatives here but there's a gift of policy that's badly needed corrective others however say they fear to drive some gay seminarians deeper into the closet even as it diminishes a declining pool of seminarians.
They're all doing it in the pool naked by the way I think down in he's still in there too.
I believe we would have a strong impact but I'm afraid it will be negative said the Reverend Donald cousins the former seminary rector rector who wrote a book several years ago describing how the priesthood is or is becoming a gay profession.
The number of seminarians is already dramatically down from 40 years ago cousin said this may make the situation even more dire than it already is and I'm also concerned that it might drive out men who might be destined to give very fine service to the church and boy they sure can service those altar boys like nobody can practice makes perfect.
Does that what they say practice makes perfect that's it and right in line with this and lack of wake o' Texas a dining contractor and we had a little on the story remember the starbucks thing in the coffee cup.
I wish we were to ago a dining contractors moved coffee cups with a gay authors quote from a starbucks at Baylor University at Baylor University saying it was inappropriate for the Baptist school.
Aaron Mark which oversees the coffee out let pulled the cups earlier this month in the campus to our consultant with Starbucks district office and Baylor's dining service school official said Monday.
I think they were trying to be sensitive Baylor spokesman Larry Brumley said obviously Baylor is a Baptist affiliate institution and Baptist as a denomination been pretty outspoken on the record about the denomination views about the homosexuals.
I'm a social lifestyle and agenda the quote from novelist armistede of Moe pen reads my only regret about being gay is that I repressed it for so long I surrendered my youth of the people I feared when I could have been out there loving someone don't make that mistake yourself life to damn short to which I say absolutely correct.
I'm a company that's with a comma Canadian F and A Canadians kicking it Canadian style can't hand in prison the board of directors for the game.
Us being lives of central Texas any thanks to the caption was unnecessarily restricted being the master understatement that he is how do you like that no more gay priest baby no more cat lectured no more donations in the airplane every Sunday no more of those smatters those fancy smatters to put on.
Oh my god. I'm having to feel cross and we're having to feel guilty about certain things how are you doing on our 987 man 987 it's almost like being in heaven.
This is me Roger.
God this is 5.16.2.8.
This is WQAM where they're very buildable and they don't come any better than Todd Keller.
Thank you. Please be seated.
I want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration is a group of frustrated,
desperate people who kill innocent life and Americans out of view at this such.
And now be glad to take some of your questions. Terry wants to start.
Thank you Mr. President. As you know new Orleans is destroyed thousands are dead and countless families are now homeless.
I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem.
Oh we don't have a problem let's ignore it sir. Might I remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander in chief to step up and act on the people's behalf.
Okay here's what I intend to do about it.
Thank you sir. I'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of Hurricane Katrina will lead to your downfall in Washington DC.
I don't worry about anything here in Washington DC. I mean I feel comfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life.
And I have made my position very clear on that issue.
David thank you Mr. President thousands of struggles remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by raw sewage and without food.
What is your administration proposing they eat?
Beauty. Listen thank you all for coming out and joining.
We all need a bus.
I'm on vacation increasingly extended periods of time.
We only need a month long so we intend to stay forever.
I just got back to my whirlwinds.
Sure it's hard work.
I've got access in the world.
It's a it's hard work.
It is hard work. It is hard work.
Read us right to read.
With everything going wrong.
He did what any of us would do. He went on vacation.
Hey bossen, let us work this go.
But we have a lot of a lot more work to do. Now get back to work.
All in all we really have no time all the time.
I only get two weeks of vacation a year.
How many days there Christmas vacation?
All in all we work songs.
I know we're back here.
Work again. If you don't work your ship.
You can't have any vacation.
How can you have a vacation if you don't work your ship?
No one is pulling around.
I've got to get back to work.
Hey man.
On 17th we got Grandpa Mo from New York coming back to work today.
How do you like that? Maybe not coming back but doing a show from New York.
We got the Mad Dog.
For Marlon's baseball I've said that last night.
That could have been a precipitous situation.
In other words it was a lousy loss.
What I'm trying to say.
Yeah really was.
Should have been doing that losing to a girl seemed like the match.
As far as the 3-2 I think?
Yes.
Not good.
No matter what the score will not go.
But I'll have a shot.
Worst TV actor actress ever. We got our thousand votes.
Thank you profusely.
Some people would say, well what's the big deal?
Why do you keep like because we feel like it?
It's like a little bit of a challenge, right?
Right.
Not a big deal. It's not going to make us any money or lose us any money while we're there.
And I'm going to change my life. Certainly not going to change either one of your lives.
And maybe if Josh Washington's never getting, he might like a better this time.
That's a big deal.
Maybe they can send it to one of those joys in Utah and they can take out the, certainly the sex part.
And they can take out all the pondress parts.
And of course in that movie they'd have to take out a language part.
So like I said don't watch it.
The worst TV actor actress ever is or was Donald Trump 108.
He ain't so great and that's for sure.
Chuck Norris 92, Tony Danza 71, Torrey Spelling 68.
How you can see the daughter of Aaron Spelling?
She is.
And that's why she's there.
I see.
Now what we want to show is Aaron Spelling that he was a great, uh, Maven.
Night time soap opera ones, but I forget which ones.
Besides that no to one.
Which is the one that he made for her.
A vehicle for her.
A vehicle?
Yeah.
Maybe you had to get her a caddy rat.
Five seconds, 51.
Mr. T-45.
David Peruso 42 with the orange hair.
Rose Anne 39, Ken O'Rea 36, Ashton Kuchi Kuchi 31, Hulk Hogan 28, Ray Romano 27,
everybody hates Ray.
Will Smith 27.
Mm hmm.
J.G. Walker 25, David's Hasselhoff 23, Victoria Gotti and friend, Richard 22.
And I see a lot of similarities in kind of a Jewish attack in the thing.
What I never did get to the story about the goddy did I?
Damn it.
Well let me find it here real quick.
I have to say a lot.
They probably know about this already.
I can't find it.
Oh, G.R.
You back out of that thing to get in here.
This accused mob boss John A. Jr. Gotti who insisted he left organized crime years ago and
only wanted to be a typical suburban dead.
May soon get his wish after victory in court.
Gotti could soon be freed after being acquitted yesterday and has securities for our church.
Having a misproud declared on three more serious counts including a boxed and bloody kidnapping.
Project prosecutors suggest they would seek to retry the Sunday laymossed mob boss John Gotti and defense attorneys asked him to be released on bail.
The judge said he was likely to grant the request to coming days.
And drawing a plus from Gotti's supporters and I would be surprised if he winds up on that show.
Let's hear it.
The whole goddy family.
The god, the godson mishfucker wouldn't that be great?
That'd be something.
The goddy clan.
Where did I leave off?
Friend Reshard 22, Bill Shantner 20, Kelly Rippen 19, Erica Strada 17, Eric Uf Fairy.
Terry Seinfeld 16, David Schwimmer 14, Don Johnson 12, Herbae Villesreys 11, Lorenzo Lamis.
I think that is a personal shot.
Lorenzo 10 and Jalilo White 10, Mario Lopez, the alleged rapist and after that small disease.
I think I'll do this.
Grandpa Moe coming up next.
Bye, bye, bye.
