First hockey, the puck drops here.
Thursday night as they host the Buffalo Sabers live from Baycan Lines Center.
My channel likes that.
Cupest starts at 6.30 with Panther 3D, 2.10.40 AM.
That's 10.40 AM for this game.
Sports radio live 60.
UAM.
I'm not the end of this year.
I wonder what the significance of this is.
You have to ask Brian, he's the one who's playing it.
I don't think we should discuss this.
What's wrong? Has nothing to do with you and me.
Don't like Frank Sinatra?
Yeah, I mean I know Neil does it.
I mean I don't like him personally either, but I got to give him this credit.
Once upon a time he had some decent types.
Frank?
Yeah.
You know before he got old, you know how that goes.
You know what? He was pretty amazing actually.
When you look at tapes of him today, I'll tell you who else is pretty amazing when you look at tapes of him today.
And he can still sing Tony Bennett.
Right.
He's all horse though.
Not that he's the only one that's singing through a rough horse voice.
Like Rob Stewart and all this.
How about Wayne?
Wayne Ho.
Wayne Newton?
Wayne Newton's voice.
Wayne Arnold kind of shot.
Yeah, well nobody's voice stays good forever.
Right.
Except ours.
Right.
There you go.
Well, when you don't have to sing.
Frank Sinatra was pretty amazing.
Yeah, I'll give him some credit for what he was.
Yeah.
You know a singer?
Yeah.
Wasn't a bad actor.
He was a very adequate actor as a matter of fact some good performances.
Counting Academy Award.
Right.
Menturing in candidate.
You got an Academy Award for playing private magio.
Right.
That was that war picture from here to eternity.
That's right.
Which was a good movie.
It was a great movie.
With Ernest Borgnayne as a son of a bitch.
I wonder why he didn't play more roles like that.
So Judson.
Oh yeah.
You know what the line was when Sinatra went when magio went in there?
I forgot.
I saw it like three times.
That's all your piano playing stinks.
You know Ernest Borgnayne had an ugly, ugly mug.
But he was always playing these goofy, happy, go-lucky kind of characters.
Yeah.
You know like McCale's Navy.
Right.
And then the Marty thing.
Yep.
But he was, I think he was the best when he was like a rotten dirty bastard like he wasn't that movie.
Oh he was a mean guy in that movie.
He was the sergeant in a stockade.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was an alright movie.
Oh that was a thing from Tederdi.
I can't stand like 40's movies.
That was a 40's movie wasn't it?
I was a 50's movie.
Okay see that explains it.
You know it was right there with Anna Warder Front came out.
I run the same time.
Every time I, because I got this prejudice against black and white movies because they all remind me like that same 40's genre.
That's why I was asking you a while back.
You know name a good 40's movie and every time somebody names a movie that's a good black and white movie it turns out to be either from the 50's or the 30's.
Yeah most of the good 40's movies were wartime movies.
Okay.
But weren't they a little bit samy?
Didn't they just follow the same kind of a formula?
Some of them did.
Like the Western's.
Yeah.
Like there are few good ones but most of them were just cookie cutter.
Yeah.
That's the, yeah.
Holly would got into that right after the 30's.
That's when they really got the assembly line.
Have you ever seen Anna Warder Front?
Oh yeah absolutely.
That movie was a black and white movie.
Right.
And I think the fact that it was black and white went something to the movie because it was grim.
It took place on the docks and Hoboken New Jersey.
It's not the black and white that I have a problem with.
It's just what it represents because all of the 40's movies well not all of them but most of them were in black and white.
And so every time I see black and white I think it's a 40's movie and I'm prejudiced against it.
I don't remember the 40's movies.
Of course because they're, they just, they sucked most of them.
Well I was also a baby.
Okay well.
I mean you see them afterwards in retrospect I saw them.
Yeah I even watched them.
They were, they were, they're alright.
I don't have any.
There were those hats you know and they're all smokin'.
And they got their hat tipped down over when I, and they're walkin' and talkin'.
And they're all walkin' fast and the soundtrack is just violent.
Just screeching violence all the way through.
I don't know when Sunset Boulevard was.
I was about 40, probably 50's.
I'm, I always liked anything with William Holden.
He was a, William Holden was great and that's a great movie.
Yeah.
I'm ready for my close up Mr. D'Ano.
50.
Josh just looked at up to 50.
Are you serious?
You see there?
You see there it's 50.
That was 1950.
You see the pattern?
It was on the cusp.
Right.
Like gone with the win was 30 something.
Yeah.
King Kong was 38.
The days of our lives was 30's.
Yeah.
What was, oh it's a wonderful life.
The Christmas class was also 30's.
I hated that movie.
Oh I hated that movie.
I mean it was good right up until the end.
You know I have an issue with the, the endings of movies.
Saturday Night Live did a comedy.
I know the one thing I liked about it was that the, uh,
the Christmas Angels name was Clarence.
That's right.
That was good up until the end was so unacceptable considering all the crap that this guy went through.
There was nothing resolved there at the ending.
Right.
You were just supposed to feel good because his friends supported him even though the bad guy got away with it.
I'm like what kind of the happy ending is this?
So Saturday Night Live did a sketch where they, they beat the crap out of the guy at the end.
They find the money and, and trace it back to the, the old guy in the wheelchair and knock him out of his wheelchair and kick him and hit him with clubs and chains.
That would have been the right ending.
George I'll tell you some movies that I thought were pretty good in the, uh, in the 40's.
Mm-hmm.
And that was some of those arrow-flin, uh, you know, sword fighting movies.
I loved those, the Robin Hood and the, uh, the Captain Blood movie, all those swashbuckling movies.
They were good.
They were spectacular as a kid.
Some of them were in color, too.
Yes, they were.
And, uh, and I loved them a lot.
Well, Robin Hood for one, I think was in color.
And it was great.
I loved those Robin Hood movies.
I count them on Christo.
I can't get enough of them.
Great stuff.
And, Patricia, Patricia Medina.
I don't know if you remember her or not.
No, no, really.
But she and Catherine Grayson, who were actors in the 40's, I was a little kid.
But I was really into their, yeah.
A kutramins.
Even at that early age.
Yeah.
They moved you.
Yeah.
I understand.
Even before you knew why.
Patricia Medina had these great.
And Catherine Grayson, she was in these musicals.
And once you would hit the high note and take a deep breath.
Yeah.
What happened?
She would, um, I was taking deep breaths in rapid fashion.
She would expand.
Yeah.
I see.
I know.
That's like the 30's movies before the, uh, the, the Hayes office got all involved.
I mean, they didn't wear bras.
Yeah.
Uh, you remember the original Tarzan movie?
They were skinny dipping.
No, I didn't.
Oh, they were showing it on AMC just the other day.
The skinny dipping scene.
I mean, it wasn't like full on.
But there you see her from the side.
And, uh, you know, and there it all is.
There's her breasts, uh, Marino Sullivan.
I think it was.
Yeah.
One of those movies.
Which Johnny Weishmuller.
Absolutely.
Although he had, uh, not the long hair in that first movie.
And it was cheesy as all hell.
He's swinging on trapezes for Christ's sakes.
And I think Cheetah was some, uh, a midget in a monkey suit.
I'm not sure.
Cheetah's a club.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
So, it's a, it's a famous nightclub.
Yes, it is.
It is now.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, so did I miss anything last night?
Um, no.
Okay.
I didn't think so.
No, you really didn't.
Good food.
Um, I heard it was great.
It was fine.
Okay.
Yeah.
Nice party.
Well, I'm sorry I missed it.
I had something to do.
I just can't remember what it was.
You know what was great about it?
What?
It was free.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
That's always good.
Now our hands are full this holiday season.
Let's just say, I don't have enough hours in the day to get everything done that I need to
before, uh, when the hell is it Sunday?
They were missed last night.
Oh, yeah, I got that.
Yeah.
Somebody said where's George?
I heard it.
Who?
I did.
I wanted to know.
Yeah, the beast was looking for you.
For entertainment, of course.
Of course, you missed my usual Christmas sock puppet batter.
I know it's just not a Christmas party without my sock puppet routine and then the, uh, the
juggling.
Okay.
It was pretty good about the curtain.
No, it didn't look pretty good.
She always looks good.
One has she looked back.
Like I said, she looked pretty good.
I bet you, like, first thing in the morning with pillow creases on her face and boogers in her
eyes, she looks spectacular.
That's great.
With her makeup smeared.
I bet she would.
We should have spent a lot on her outfit.
Oh, yeah?
Was it painted on?
No.
Okay.
It wasn't there at all.
Well, maybe somebody said he's somebody's saving money on the paint.
If somebody would say I would have taken some pictures, you know, and have a friend for life, but no, I can't get any support.
Well, you have a good day, George.
You too, Hank.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
All right, I will.
All right, bye.
Bye-bye.
The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars.
And do not reflect those of the Beasley broadcast group.
It's staffs, advertisers, for agencies.
I love my legs.
George Rodriguez.
He's no homo.
Just got that talk which I hate, no way, not to make me tired.
He's never meant to fight.
We have a 500 won to kill by the suspect's face.
So, his two daughters.
I'm so of a bitch, we're trying to stick weirdo in here.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
I'm so of a bitch.
And then he gathers something in his clothes.
They're trying to get my body with no one.
I cannot stand the holiday.
1007, 1008, 560 WQAM Neils on Vacation back on Monday.
And what about that Chox plane?
What can you say about that?
Yeah, that's cool.
That's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
That's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, that's cool.
What can you say about the
thing and for something about an empty
thing that you do it's going to sound like,
like, oh, you're just doing it to look like a good guy,
that we would ever do anything like that,
but just just the bummer.
And also especially because of the season,
nothing that that should matter, but it kind of does.
You know, like if God forbid, you know,
and then probably odds are that somebody on that plane
was somebody's dad or mom or something like that, you know,
and so for the children, you know,
Christmas time means when they lost their parents or something.
Yeah, there was somebody actually with seven family members
on that plane. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah.
So that's pretty tough. Plus, I know there were three infants or kids.
Yeah. I mean, you know, they got plain stuff happens
where 100 people die. Right.
Sometimes it, it sucks. Yeah.
I don't want to do all of it because it's a bummer thing,
but what can you say? But it's a bummer, right?
Yeah. This is a bummer too.
Agents visit Chills UMass Dartmouth Senior.
Okay. New Bedford Senior at UMass.
Okay. That's a pretty tough thing.
I know that. Go there.
All right. In Dartmouth was visited by federal agents two months ago
after he requested a copy of Mount Sea Tongues' home on communism
called the Little Red Book.
Wait, wait, wait. One more time.
All right. Mount Sea Tongues. No, no, I'm not asking that,
but what they did. It's a copy.
So they found it. So the federal agents went for visit.
Two history professors at UMass, UMass Dartmouth, Brian Glinn Williams and Robert.
What is it? Pont brand. Pont brand.
Brian. Pont brand. Pont brand.
So the student told them he requested the book
through the UMass Dartmouth Library Interlibrary Loan Program.
The student who was completing a research paper on communism
for the professor of pot brains class on fascism and totalitarianism
filled out a form for the request, leaving his name, address phone number,
and social security number.
Ooh. He was later visited at his parents' home in New Bedford
by two agents of the Department of Homeland Security.
By the way, have you seen their boats? I have not.
When they showed the, you know, here recently when they had a Cuban refugee
wannabe's that got capsized. Yes. Very selectical.
And nobody cares about this. I'm not, you know,
you're harping because you're a Cuban. I'm not harping at all.
I don't believe in illegal alien ship. All right.
And so if the Coast Guard capsizes people on their way to becoming illegal aliens,
I have very mixed feelings about it because they shouldn't be there entering the country illegally
in the first place.
You know, those of us who had to wait online for a long time and suffer the consequences
while we were waiting because that's what happens to you when you declare your intention
to leave a commie place like Cuba.
You know, I have no sympathy for people that go around the system.
The system that I'm like is having a place.
You know, and neither does anyone in my family have sympathy for people that feel like they're above the system
that they're going to enter a country illegally without invitation when the rest of us
are filled out a lot of paperwork and waited our turn for a chance because it's a lottery you understand
when you want to, when you want to enter the United States.
So no sympathy for people that they're very first act before they even get here is violating US immigration law.
But you notice that when they show those videos, they never show you the Coast Guard actually ramming their boats
and capsizing them, but that's what they do.
All right. Okay.
I'm not saying that that's a bad thing. I'm just saying that that's what they do.
But then they showed the boat capsizing and the people sinking and you know, they were drowning victims.
But then they're circling around. You see the Department of Homeland Security open fisherman slash cigarette kind of style boats.
Very nicely, very new, new painted.
I'm not surprised.
Because I thought what we needed, you know, in America was another level, really expensive level of bureaucracy with a whole new level of people to have to pay.
And you saw the result over here in New Orleans because Michael Brown, as inept as he was,
he couldn't have done anything anyway without the permission from Skeletor Chertoff from riffraff over there.
So you know how efficient our government was to begin with.
Let's just slow it down by adding a whole new level of bureaucracy, which was all designed to just have all of the department's entrance to answering to one department that would answer to the president and his inner circle.
And let's not get ahead of ourselves talking about this spine business that's actually being talked about on our regular, you know, daytime news.
How do you like that?
On the regular mainstream media, they're actually talking about how the president is spying and how about that's hand to me.
I'm not a dictator.
And if you call me that one more time, I'll have you shot.
Ian Kiddin, did you see that clip?
I'm not a dictator.
And I represent that implication.
And as soon as I find out what that word implication means.
So you want me to finish reading this?
Yeah, I'd like to know.
The professor said the student was told by the agents that the book was on a watch list and that his background, which included significant time abroad, triggered them to investigate the student further.
Just in mind, want to note these things down, Josh, because you're a travel man. You've been to Seattle.
You know Seattle is a blue state.
I do.
Right?
And you know that they drink a lot of coffee.
Yes.
And coffee and commie start with the same kind of a sound.
Yes, they do.
All right?
And most people that drink coffee all day are hopped up.
And caffeine is a drug.
All right?
And so that's building a kind of profile about you.
I tell my students to go to the direct source.
And so he asked me for the official peaking version of the book, Professor Punt Brain said.
Apparently the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring interlibrary loans because that's what triggered the visit as I understand it.
Now there's a whole, I'm stopping it half of this because we're up against the break.
But what does communism have to do with Islamophashism?
Because that's the word that the president likes to throw out there.
Islamophashism is a religious fundamentalist belief system.
Communism.
And some of us remember the whole communist hysteria that was going on.
Communism is equal to atheism.
Right?
Right.
In Russia, in China, the communism and atheism go hand in hand.
The wife was watching some movie last night with Ingrid Bergman as some nun.
And I walk in and I start talking and she shishish me, which is usually the case.
Yeah, I go.
But she shishish me because the children at the convent, are you following me?
The children at the convent were being led by the nun in the Pledge of Allegiance.
And the movie was filmed in 1946.
So they said, one nation, what comes next?
Undergued.
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all because it wasn't the McCarthy era yet.
And they didn't add the undergod yet because that was a kind of checkpoint because the Christians believed this really.
Are you ready for this?
If a commie who is really an atheist says the words under god, he'll burst into flames.
Oh, all right.
A commie, those words under god will actually stick in a commie's throat and he'll fall down to the ground choking and barfing and crawling around on their hands and knees because an atheist can't utter those words under god without suffering some adverse reaction.
And you'll be able to spot a commie because they'll avoid saying those words.
All right?
Because for fear of being struck by lightning by Yahweh himself to be continued, 10, 16 on 5, 60, QAM.
Truth is when you dare to compare your CYF Ford is the best-selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
And in South Florida, you only need Ford either to shop that, of course, as Armstrong Ford of homestead.
Now, the holidays are here. Maybe your car was damaged during Wilma.
Or maybe you just want a great new ride.
Whatever the deal is with you, now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich.
And let David put your answer behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford of homestead, some great offers waiting on you and incentives as well.
It is $1,000 cashback or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 of freestyle.
Get $5,000 cashback on Explorer or Expedition. How about $2,000 cashback on Escape and $2,500 cashback on Focus, certain restrictions apply.
And when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, I have been told you for a long time, you will get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
Nobody else would dream of doing that for you, but they sure do. Tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford homestead will guarantee you the best price, and because it's locally owned and operated, they will treat you fantastic like family to make you a customer for life.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace, no bait and switch, no floating deals, so called David Rich at 305-24751-12 until David you want the Neal deal.
As at Armstrong Ford, at home state you will find the material of $7,25 South Dixie highway, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Check them out on the web at armastroncars.com and then drive a few miles extra to save yourself thousands and millions of dollars at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is the Neal Roger Show. This is 516 QAF.
Smoke of things that this start of you were funny.
Yeah, yeah!
If he came backward Christmas, what would Jesus do?
If he came backward Christmas, what would Jesus do?
Blow through Shibosky!
Smoke of fire, sweep fire, use rapid-filed bangers, and send Robert Tillin for a new day!
Sorry, I was listening to MSMEC. Don't ask me why as they do their best to put a happy face.
Oh, why is it doing this? Listen, I reset this thing yesterday, man. Real player, you suck!
It's just like a lot of things. I wish that I could use a different program, but nothing else fires off as tightly as the real player.
I can play things off the computer.
Either the computer.
Our MTV show is on the one with the real world road rules.
The challenge?
Let me get it on there.
And they're on the beach, so I'm hoping for it.
Okay, there we go. Inferno?
Inferno one?
Get back to this...
I'm just surprised at it.
He was taking the class, and he got the book from his school.
Right, and they came looking for it.
Kind of sends a chill down your spine, doesn't it?
Presumably one goes to college to learn things. Right?
Right.
Now, even if, and especially if, like let's say, you hate communism.
All right?
The smart thing to do to battle a phasolosophy that you don't like is to learn as much as you can about it, right?
Yeah?
Isn't that how you fight a war? Isn't that like the art of war by the sunsou?
Isn't it better to know your enemies than to know nothing about your enemies?
You're right.
Like we're talking about the Islamites. Don't you want to know what gets them going?
What they're all upset about? Why they do the things that they do?
So that it does not help to stop them or prevent them or to predict their actions?
I mean, that's an obvious, I want to say no brainer because it's cliche, but isn't that a no brainer?
Yes, it is.
The more you know about your enemy, the better able to defend yourself against your enemy you are. Right?
Yeah. And the more you know about your enemy's argument, the better you are, the better able you are to argue that point.
So, right, exactly.
And what does Chinese Communism have to do with fundamentalist Islamic terrorism?
Since they are enemies of each other last time I checked.
Last time I checked, China is occupying some Muslim areas and they're having a little bit of rebellious problems themselves.
Last time I checked the Communist Soviet Union was the ones in conflict in Afghanistan in conflict with Osama in the early days.
Remember? That's when we were helping Osama.
So if someone's taking an interest in Communism, why does that put them on a department of Homeland Security?
I thought the Communist weren't the enemy anymore. Hell, the only... I mean, there are two significant Communist countries that I know of.
They might be the only ones. I'm not sure. Especially after that call yesterday. I don't know Jack. Right?
It will read up. I got to read up. I'm going to start reading up a little bit more and more.
They'll get me started on that guy now. Because if he's a Christian, the version of history that he believes in is Kuku Kuku.
Because if you go into the Christian bookstore or into the bookstore of your church besides Chronicles of Narnia, you've got their version of history books.
Right? Because when you have a belief system that begins with the conclusion, because here's how you wonder,
how does someone with half a brain continue to believe in all this hoke them? And it's real simple.
When you have a conclusion that you're all in love with and you hear something that threatens that, you just discounted immediately.
Oh, that's not true. That came from a liar. That came from an agent of Satan. You see what I'm saying?
They have the ability to apply that kind of a condemnation to fossils and things that exist. Oh, Satan made that fossil.
So as wrong as I might have been about the number of Crusades, and I'm sure glad that he corrected me.
Because now I'm sorry I've been understating the case for Christian aggression all these years, Josh.
You have. They're way more violent than I even I gave them credit for.
I had no idea how violent and how many Crusades and how many, you know, attacks were launched at people that didn't agree with them.
And we got 16 total, whatever. That's according to Wikipedia. I need to read up more though.
You do because that just that inspired me right there. We're all over the place. I haven't even talked about this poll here yet.
We're tangeting all over the place. You know what? That's good because by the time we get back to the original point, it'll probably be two o'clock and we'll be out of here.
Good point. Right. Two days down and look at this. It's already time for the next break. We haven't even done anything yet.
Let me refresh this because it's a we got almost 200 votes and I want to get 200 even on the Jesus poll we're taking today.
Since it's almost Christmas, it's the holiday season and I don't think we've ever taken this exact poll before. Do you recall?
No. 201 and it's what do you believe about Jesus? All right.
And I try to put all the options on here. If I missed one, please call it in and we'll correct it. We'll put it on right away.
He existed but was not divine is in the lead 66 and I almost voted for that because that's kind of what I believe.
Kind of.
At least that's what everything seems to be pointing towards. I would say the evidence but there isn't any.
And I'm going to get a lot of calls maybe from that guy. The guy with Joe Cifus is going to call it.
Just this morning on the news, they were just they were throwing out their matter.
They were saying, oh, many historical documents, you know, refurtage. No, no.
No. No. Well, there are scriptures, dude. The mythology. In other words, there are documents written by the people that were pushing Jesus.
There's there's that. All right. Copies of that, I should say.
What? Yeah. Well, I was told what is there? There's just that a person named Jesus existed. No. Nothing. Nothing.
Okay. Okay. Well, then when I was told, you know, the Romans wrote meticulous records about everything that was going on.
When you hear the story about Jesus and, you know, that there was a major trial and the governor himself
presided over the trial and, you know, governors usually didn't preside over little things.
You know what I'm saying? It was a big deal and this guy was the leader of a major movement.
And the crowd had turned on him because they thought that he was going to be leading them in a military campaign
and when they found out that he didn't, they turned on him. And you would think by reading all those stories that this was significant enough to be mentioned in passing but it was not.
All right. And the Romans, they wrote about minutia. Man, they wrote about little stuff. They wrote about, they wrote about how the Spaniards would brush their teeth with urine.
You know, they wrote little stuff like that. So you think that a big trial, a big moment like that that a governor would have had to preside over a potential rebellion avoided.
Something like that would be mentioned somewhere but it's not. Now watch this mysteries of the Bible stuff on history and all these things.
And the closest that we get is that there's a description of this person here and that might be Jesus.
All right. And these texts over here describe an individual from this region that was promoting this, that and the other thing over here, that coincides with some of the things that Jesus was also promoting at the time.
And so that might have been Jesus.
And that's why I put on there because that's one of the theories that you hear all the time is that Jesus is in a malgum.
It's he's a figure that his is patched together based on stories about about a whole bunch of different people and look at him.
I'm getting laid again. 216 votes. 72 people say he existed but was not divine. Don't care. 38. Don't know. 34. I voted for don't know because let's say let's face it. We really don't.
What the Bible says 31. I hate this poll 22. He was several different people nine and he did not exist nine out of 216 votes to be continued 1029 on 560 Q.I.M.
The M.O. Coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian grow maybe free is rated by Zagat restaurant review. And now every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy loves to fest be tree main loves your sir thermometer style. And every night is crab fest with lask and still crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonas stone crabs.
The menus course still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 count them.
Not 30 men.
And the M.O. Coast serves delicious juicy second in New York states cooked to your order the way you love them and hand card prime rib to another weekends leave room for dessert at the M.O. Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
You can end up here on starberry's marshmallows other decades treats just smear them in their man ago nuts. And don't forget the M.O. Coast won't give you big headache like a lot of Chinese doing because they don't use any crap in a cooking no M.S.D.
No cornstarch they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free canola oil. And by the way the M.O. Coast will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas day.
Three locations for either in sunrise sunny else. V.C. and Pembroke finds please make reservations for Christmas even day by calling 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22.
I'm Larry Flint. Welcome to America's next hot last mile when these beautiful young women fall out of the running to become a super model the world's most famous hustler is here to catch them.
I'm here by yourself. My name is Madison. I like to see a new yeah whatever lose the sweaters.
I'm here to see America's next hot list model for an hour of glamour excitement and I'm second thought I ditched a glamour and I'm just going to skim the models that's up list and Larry Flint's the gravity is bottomless.
I have a lot of questions for both of you. I'll come here and make it out with each other. America's next hot list model right after a premise.
This is Jenna Jameson only on TNTMA 25 to 11 5 60 WQ I am let me dispense with some faxes here. Well this one from when I get this any chance you could place Swiss colony beeflaw from the South Park Christmas album.
There's only one word that you need. Believe me. Thanks when I don't think so when.
Not this holiday season. Not this fascist holiday season. As a matter of fact I'm a little uncomfortable that I said that title right there.
When I'll just relax how about how about this when trust us have faith in us that we're doing everything that we can to play everything that we can and if we don't play it.
It's because we can't in spite of all our best efforts and we are trying daily don't we try Josh don't we fight we do.
Off the air before the show after the show don't we fight the forces of ridiculousity I love making up nice. That's not like a good one. What else would you use that there is ridiculous crap going on and I mean I mean ridiculous that if you if you were watching a bad science fiction movie.
You wouldn't believe it if somebody were to throw this in there you know oh by the way you can't play fart sounds like no no no the the gorilla with the robot head I can accept but you can't play fart sounds I don't get that you dump the open because it had that wasn't a fart sound that was a chair being moved across the floor listen it's you know what you got on the table I actually laughed because I hadn't heard a fart sound and about however you know because you haven't been in this room lately.
I'm family guy but yeah and on Sesame Street exactly Elmo videos and on anything Saturday morning cartoons and a Nickelodeon it just reminds you how funny it is when you don't hear it for a while.
Yeah yeah it's funny so I'm going to continue with this thing when we last left this particular story a student had been investigated by the Department of Homeland Security for ordering Mao Tse Tong's little red book required required reading in Communist China because he was doing a report on Communist.
It's a talentarianism although the standard times knows the name of the student he is not coming forward because he fears repercussions should his name become public he is not spoken to the standard times the professors have been asked to comment on the report the president wishes authorized the national security agency to spy on as many as 500 people and he given time since the since 2002 in this country the ease dropping was apparently done without warrants apparently what he's he's admitted he's bragging about it and the poll numbers are up.
Are you ready for that are they bragging yes that's the story this morning he's bragging about spying on Americans without a warrant understand that the law has put in place first of all the law that he's violating the foreign intelligence surveillance act there is no provision anywhere for him to spy on Americans without a warrant all right and when confronted he's going on the commander in chief and it's wartime and what I'm really upset about is that somebody leaked a story during wartime so get this he's not going to be a part of the law.
He creates a phony war right he comes up with a bunch of lies to go to war based on a whole bunch of phony false pretenses that everyone knew were were lies so that he can justify everything else that he's doing that he wants to do like spying on Americans he doesn't like.
Are you ready for that no and the fact that we're war is an excuse to wage a his own little private war on American citizens and they keep insisting all tall terrorism related
well then give us the list of the people that you're spying on no are you ready for that tired of saying are you ready for that the student told professor pot brain doctor and doctor volumes that the Department of Homeland Security agents told him that the book was on a watch list they brought the book with them but did not leave it with the student the professor said.
Doctor Williams said in his research he regularly contacts people in Afghanistan, Chechnya and other Muslim hotspots and suspects that some of his calls were monitored.
My instinct is that there is a lot more monitoring than we think said doctor Williams and he has been planning to offer a course on terrorism next semester but is reconsidering it because it might put his students at risk.
I shudder to think of all the students I had monitoring alka to websites what the government must think of that he said.
Monsi tongue is completely harmless yeah because he's dead and because I think that even in China the people that is know that it's a crock and that communism is a crock they try to do something about it but you know the commies mode them all down.
We didn't do anything about it there's still our you know why we don't have an embargo with them I don't know they're destroying our economy.
Oh I mean I know why is because people are getting greased that's why 264 votes on the poll what do you believe about Jesus he existed but was not divine 90.
Don't care 44 don't know 43 what the Bible says 36 that's 13.6% that he's the son of God rose again all that stuff.
I hate this poll 28 he did not exist 12 and he was several different people 11.
There's only 11 people are aware of that I don't know you know it's very similar to the whole king Arthur thing when you watch the documentaries investigating king Arthur did he really exist that kind of thing or read some of the books.
It's all the same kind of language here was a the history tells us of a guy that lived in this period his name was such and such and he did these things that may have been the person that they're talking about when they talk about king Arthur or there's this other person who lived around that same period of time his name was such and such and he did these things maybe that was king Arthur or the stories are about both of them kind of put together because you know how things go right during the dark ages when history wasn't really being recorded all the time.
All that well or at all and stories were being passed along you know word of mouth in the ancient times when people believed in a whole bunch of hocom.
I mean you know religion as we know right now I need to take another one of those pills but they believe in all kinds of folk hocom you know you watch the Simpsons when like the old people start talking about their remedies and everything that's just one generation back.
I think you need a awesome specific. Oh by the way I got to get a copy of Omega Man for you because here's my here's my new policy of movies to make you watch you're going to like this new standard if the Simpsons used it in a spoof that you have to watch it how's that well that's going to be a lot.
It's a lot but it's a list that's a place to start something to work on because you saw the Simpsons where they made fun of the Omega Man it was the one Halloween special they were all running around in roads with the white eyes eating skin remember that.
Moe was one of the mutants of one of those holiday things and they shoot them in the end you know they have this big story about peace and coming together and then psych and they shoot them all right there that was the Omega Man parody.
But it's good it's been copied a whole bunch of times that whole sci-fi you're the last man on earth great fantasy ever had that fantasy that you like the last you wake up and everybody else is gone and it's just you well I've had I've had it's just me and a bunch of women well yeah you kind of need that part.
I mean that does happen in the Omega Man eventually it's a black chick but she's not bad. Yeah it works sure it works for them you know how that works.
You're the last guy in earth she's the last woman on earth all right it's gonna be needs all right I don't care what a kind of a bigoted cracker you are I just I need it I need something but it's it's not bad it's cute and I'm trying to think of what else we need to see I just I'm but and I actually looked around yesterday for a VCR for you.
Anybody knows where they're selling cheap you VCR's because I don't want to spend a whole lot of money on Josh well that you know it'll set a a wrong standard like if I spend say 60 bucks on you how am I going to explain spending 30 bucks on somebody that I like better than you you say I see what you're saying you know that's all I'm well you didn't need a VCR's like well you got to count me two of these.
Two of whatever it was that you were getting me I really hate hate freaking Christmas Christmas is for kids for the rest of us is just a big pain in the ass you know I like I like getting stuff but yeah but I'm being greedy you turn a corner where you're you're giving more than you're getting but it's not about the giving yeah yeah right here what you get is usually crap and you're just spending a lot of money giving to other people now my family since there so many of us we do the whole thing.
Old interchange thing draw names out of the hat and stuff but we're we're all getting cheese ball about that everybody's asking for gifts certificates I felt kind of bad like I'm going to ask for a gift certificate because you know what I don't even know what I want just give me this gift certificate so I can go to a store pick out and pick something up because I don't even know what I want all right some another t-shirt with something offensive on the front that'll offend the Christians I don't know just give me a gift certificate now everybody else you know they're asking for gift certificate.
If everybody's asking for gift certificates do you see where I'm going no why don't we just give each other cards with 30 bucks in it everybody just here's your 30 here's yours you know we can just yeah right I mean right on or just give them a card you know hey tag you're it you know I don't know give this to somebody else I don't know all right enough monologuing for us when we come back I expect to have some phone calls on here if we left something off of the Jesus poll if there's some Jesus
Jesus theory that we don't know about please call up an enlighten us and if the history guys out there hey he could call us back every he could be our designated fact checker how do you like that tell us about the real we get something wrong because he does the show is a team effort when we get something wrong because we're humans and we get to be wrong all the time call up and correct us so that we are only wrong for a few minutes the faster you correct us the more accurate the show becomes 16 to 11 on 5 60 QAM.
I'm a season the I and I he's company presents a retail cross the Christmas.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah it's read across me seeing the same word how Christmas tunes with it's likely different arrangement.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Read across me.
Not quite as retarded as the ones who dated again but hey you're the one to watch.
Yeah.
Let me know if you're ready to.
A.
Don't miss a really perfect Christmas.
Holy On MSCNN is an absolute forgive for all's a**.
This is the most beautiful, most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
This is the most beautiful valley.
Until 11, 560 km away.
I still don't know when that's going to end.
Oh no, you just have to look at the little countdown timer over here.
I have cheating abilities.
I have the timer over here.
I don't know if you've ever given this much thought.
You know, and you find yourself on a can for an extended period.
The weirdest thoughts come into your head.
Who was it that decided what kind of dancing should be performed topless?
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
We've all seen a lot of topless dancing.
They do....
...you know what they have about topless ballet?
They... Okay?
I'm sure.
But I mean...
...you know that there's a form of dancing that seems to be...
...that's the chosen method to dance topless.
Or naked for that matter.
Right?
Right.
Yeah.
I've sang some variations.
But they just never caught on.
There's just that kind of dancing.
So it got me thinking about it.
What kind of dancing would look best if you were topless?
If the chick was topless?
I'm just sitting there on the can one day and just going through all the kinds of dancing that I could think of.
And I came up with one. I just didn't know if you ever really thought about it.
Because I really think about little else except to toplessness, women getting naked.
And what kinds of activities they could do while they're naked that would kind of get things going?
Well, I mean just not saying jumping rope and right, and maybe you're thinking, yeah, I'm thinking.
Okay, I got me thinking back to North Carolina since it came up yesterday.
I ever see clog dancing, clog dancing, clog dancing is a kind of Irish tap dancing.
I mean I could put it two and two together. It's like hoofing. It's a lot of real foot stomp and hoof and kind of tap dancing action.
They wear a kind of a tap shoes kind of thing. I had a girlfriend.
I say girlfriend but we were pre-teens, you know how that goes.
Yeah, this is my girlfriend. The only thing that we did was kiss.
She was my first French kiss there. She taught me how.
I don't even... There you go.
It was very awkward. I mean I had no idea. It was a lot of fun but boy...
I had no, I was doing everything wrong. I know how to do that wrong. Trust me.
Well the first time, I was brutal so I appreciate it. Thank you Kim.
I'm not Kim Bo-Kamp, I read it. Better be f-
Better be f- up and stand on a stool. You want a French kiss, Kim Bo-Kamp?
Well I would have to. He's a tall guy. I've got a bad taste in my mind. I would need a step ladder.
I'd like to think that he's a... you know... he's got good oral hygiene and his teeth are brushed all the time.
But she was in a clog dancing this girl and so I got to see the clog dancing and when you go back there depending on what you do and where you go,
you can encounter clog dancing performances. And I was thinking about it because there's a lot of hop in and jump in and stomp in.
And they're not topless but already you can tell. There's a lot of movement going on.
And so you're thinking, hey if that girl was topless we'd really have a show here.
Well, dancing is just a little bit of a bad dancing period.
I mean, you're on the hop, right? But the regular tap dancing that you think of is kind of smooth.
You see the people that kind of smooth float across the floor? The clog dancing is like a real hoof stomping.
They're stomping, man they're pounding on the floor. But they're heels and everything so everything gets going.
Now if there's another kind of dancing that we're not thinking of, we'll be happy to hear it.
For the fantasy variety show that we're putting together for cable.
You know, that's going to be like a variation of those Spanish variety shows that we like so much.
But like we're going to start where they leave on.
You follow?
Oh yeah, they got the right idea but they're just not quite there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 is the number and date and power and pound 5, 60 is free.
If you have singular or Verizon wireless, 877, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5 is toll free everywhere else.
Please go vote on the poll. Click around some stories. We've got all kinds of stories on there.
Mostly about this spying business that's going on.
People on both sides are very outraged and the president, besides saying,
shit up, I'm not a dictator, still has no way to defend legally that is what's going on.
He thinks that because he's commander in chief and we're at war,
therefore he gets to do whatever the hell he wants to do.
And the only thing that's bad that's going on is people talking about the thing that he's doing.
326 votes on the poll right now.
What do you believe about Jesus since his birthday is coming up?
His supposed birthday is coming up.
He existed but was not divine 104.
Don't care 58, don't know 54.
What the Bible says, 45, I hate this poll, 35.
He did not exist 16 and he was several different people rolled into one.
14 people say that.
The phone's even working.
This is the deadest that it's ever been.
What do you mean?
It's like a full board.
Are you kidding?
I got no dots.
I've been here for the whole day long and haven't seen a die.
Are you kidding me?
Watch this, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I got nothing.
I got nothing.
Good thing it's time for the break.
We've got to reset everything.
We can't.
Hey, Timmy, I don't want to get you all into a rage.
We've got computer issues in here.
I don't know about you, but he scares me.
Maybe I should close and lock this door before I start calling you about it.
I don't know what he says.
He scares me.
He's just a very calm guy.
He's a very calm kind guy, but you never know when somebody like that is going to rage
out.
4-11 on 5.60 QAM.
7-11 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5
on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 5.70 on 5.60 on 5.60 on 15.60 on 55.60 on 55.60 on the 30 on 55.70 on time 59. an
underlying flock of dogs r Hey, Kaka noies 8 myth.
I gasps right and will put you up for this.
iba!
If I can be back in a voice or play.
I did a little bit.
No, no, no.
No!
You know what I've done.
I should have played that long-ass waychress's song.
You're the waychress' song.
I know what��boys favorite.
I don't know. I didn't know they got a Christmas song. It was on the comedy service website that we got our comedy bits from this morning. I was listening feverishly trying to find some funny things to play.
By the way, one out of ten, they're about. Maybe one out of seven. That's the ratio to...
You ask a lawyer, a company lawyer, a question, hey, can we say this? Can we say that? They say a combination of things like yes to this, no to that. You follow?
This person, it's just no. Everything goes... No. Can we...
18% complete. So I should just play that long waitresses song because I can't take any calls and I guess I could monologue some more but I think an hour is enough.
I'd say so. Yeah. I'm tired of getting anything. I'm tired of talking. I wanted somebody to...
We haven't got any feedback. The Christian historian fact checker is probably just ringing the phone off the hook, screeching into the phone. I know we've got five cranks on there that need their fix, that have gone a complete hour into the show and they haven't got...
You know, heard themselves on the air yet, not that they will. Except for Ron. Nothing we can do about him. The good news about Ron is that he's fat. You know, that means right? What's happening? Any minute now.
He's probably not doing other healthy things either. Speaking of that, I eat like four bagels. Dude! The coach is bagels?
Oh yeah. To Hank, I didn't listen to that interview because I was in here listening to unfunny bits. One moment please.
So did you hear any of it? Hank talked to me. I was in here as well. The coach say, you know all these other coaches that they've had since I left really sucked.
Did he say that? I don't know. Well, you get a report on that. You think you've ever thought that? Oh, he's gone. He's definitely thought. Come on. Are you in his head? I don't have to be. Nobody else has had success.
I know. So you know he's thinking that. Yeah. These other bikers. You know, that's not something I know. I was successful here. I was thinking something like, yeah, I know I had some rough years there towards the end, but come on.
Yeah. Nothing or what the hell's going on now. Yeah. Oh, look. It's coming back. Coming back. I've got some. Let me test the stir. I QA hello. Getting a box of lucky charm. Hey, that's the way to start. Yeah, that's the way to start it. Thank you. Thank you, God. QA hello. Hello, George. Hello, caller. Hey, how you doing? Just fine. I'll be alright. Hey, I think you're your view on religion are a little skewed.
As a Christian, I'm taking great offense and umberage to some of the things you said. Okay. As we all know, the one true God was a King James version. That's just you should read it. I have read it more than you. No, no, I don't think so. I think not. I think so because the things you're saying to just someone don't make sense. Well, the King James version doesn't make sense. What? Yes. Yes, it does. You know, you're in your event in your current call. You're fake call. Get out of here. No, you get out of here. And thank you for sharing your. Your.
Christian love what happened with now what? I can punch them up, but I can't hang up on her. I hit that thing like three times. Oh, did you oh wait, because I'm a little bit in between. Let's try. Let's take a wait. I got a toggle. A toggle. No. I have to toggle. Oh, I have to toggle the window. It's kind of like a doggle. But it's a toggle. But.
but nowhere near what a dongle is.
Ever see a dongle?
Nope, I'll explain one to you during the next break.
QAIM, hello.
I'd like to speak in Jewish.
You are.
Let's go to the second.
Jewish!
Hello, please turn the radio off.
Thank you very much. How are you?
I'm so good. I have to tell you.
I totally agree with what you're saying.
I have to tell you. I wish you would have more time
to walk around this morning because I would have totally enjoyed that.
And the other thing is,
there's a couple weeks ago, a woman called in and said,
oh, I love George's voice.
I'm right there with her.
I think it's sexy.
And I thought about the same.
Thank you very much.
I'm a head of sexual female,
and I listen to the other guy.
All right, so I'm the picture.
Talk to you later.
Bye, George.
Bye-bye.
I told you my Burger King story.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter,
even though that's a very short list,
chicks that like my voice, very short list,
but it doesn't matter.
Remember the Burger King story?
Yeah.
When I was doing the intercom thing,
and in those days we didn't have the headset.
We had the microphone.
So you could play DJ.
You could get right into the microphone there and get all,
and go around the league.
So I'd take the burger king and I'd take your order.
And sometimes it'd be like a carload of girls,
and you'd hear them giggling and saying,
yeah, yeah, yeah, walk away,
she even me.
And you made a set of fries.
And they'd drive around to pick up their order,
and they'd be all giggling.
Who was the guy that took their order?
And it would be me there standing there,
and I'd say, oh, that was me.
And they'd say, oh.
So it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It's like, you know, they can't have sex with my voice.
Once they see where it's coming from,
it's like, oh, oh.
Is that why?
Yeah.
All right.
QA hello.
Hey, come on.
QA hello.
And there, and I'd say, oh, I'm free.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, good.
Hey, good job, George.
How you doing?
Very fellow recovery and Christian here.
Did you ever play the game in your own kid,
where you sat in a room,
and one person told you the other person,
the secret went around her room?
Sure.
Telephone.
I might got to the other end.
It was completely different.
Sure.
Well, the first Bible was written in 400 to 8D.
So up until that point,
all they were doing was telling stories to one of them.
Well, I'm not saying they had some scriptures over there,
but even the very first writing was 40 years after Jesus.
So it was word amount up to that point.
And mind you, this is word amount passed along by people
who had a agenda.
You know, they had a church,
a philosophy, a religion that they were pushing,
that they were trying to get off the ground.
So they had an ulterior motive for, you know,
spruce enough to story a little bit.
I think that with George Washington,
like the Romans did with their various seasors,
you know, they would deify them and make up stories about them.
Sure.
Yeah.
I think people don't seem to realize that
all of us now put together to feed the people.
Right.
Thank you.
All right. No problem.
Which, by the way, because I was having a discussion with Billy,
because I think Billy's a little bit of a g-zite recovering.
It's very hard to break through the programming.
Is that right? I had no idea.
Yeah. He's got some issues.
He's got a together, Billy.
He's conflicted.
And I feel his pain I've been there.
I've been conflicted.
It's really difficult to have to admit to yourself
that maybe you've been wrong.
Your entire life.
Maybe?
About pretty much everything.
Not just everything, but all of the important things, you know,
like your definition of reality is wrong.
See, I'm surprised because you were a hardcore.
Hardcore.
So, and like the guys, and I'm a hardcore.
You turned on them.
No, I didn't turn on them.
I turned back into a human.
All right.
They turned on humanity.
Right.
Okay. That's the way it is.
And it's funny to think, you know, because hardcore Christians
like they don't, they don't hear anything else.
You don't, that's it.
And you, you were that and then you turned.
And that's why they feed you.
You don't.
These things, they, they really very careful to keep you from thinking.
And they tell you things like questions come from Satan.
They tell you things like that.
And, and you're doubting.
Doubt's come from Satan.
And you're backsliding.
And you have to have faith.
Questions are evidence that you don't have faith.
If you have a question, then you're not having faith.
A person of faith does not have questions.
You just accept.
Well, the acceptance and the faith that you have is in the storyteller.
Not the subject of the story, because we won't do that.
If I told you a story about Yehudi and you said,
I don't, you know, be s, I don't believe your story about Yehudi.
And I came back with, well, you have to have faith in Yehudi.
How can you doubt Yehudi?
And you say, of course, obviously, I'm not doubting Yehudi.
I'm doubting you.
You lying sack.
I'm accusing you of making these stories up.
All right.
It has nothing to do with the subject of your story.
It has to do with you or a bald-faced liar, just like that.
All right.
So the Bible has nothing to do with God.
The Bible is one of many books that was written by people who were using God to promote their agenda.
And it's a theory, a series of them, actually, some of them that conflict with each other.
It's this group of people believe this about God and they wrote it down eventually.
And here it is.
This is what we think God is. This is what we think His name is.
This is what we think His agenda is.
How we created us and how we get into heaven.
That's just one point of view out of thousands that we've had in the world since we started trying to explain how we got here and where we're going after we die.
Thousands of theories about that.
All right.
Which one is right?
I don't know.
I'm still waiting.
All right.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Maybe that's what God's waiting for us for someone to actually figure it out.
Maybe the person, when they really do figure it out, maybe they'll turn to gold and be able to fly.
You know what I mean?
But I still stand on my original claim.
Anyone of you that can demonstrate any one of the powers that you believe in,
I will give everything that I have to charity to the poor, to leave it to my wife,
and I'll become a follower, a minister in your religion.
I will give up my worldly possessions and follow you.
All you have to do is any of the things that your book of Hochum says you can do if you have faith.
If he's a said you could walk on water if you have faith.
If you can't, it's because you don't.
All right.
Well, do you mean one of them?
There's the beach.
Yeah.
You can meet you at the beach.
All right.
And if you can, you know, all the way out into the surf, if you can walk to me or something, I'm a follower.
If I can't do it, then I guess, you know.
Sure.
Here's some wet wood set fire to it.
Call fire down like a light of the prophet.
Any of it.
Call mana down from heaven.
Strike that rock with your staff and have the water, guys, for any of the things that you claim really happened,
and that you claim can happen if you have faith.
Here, some diseases, right?
Now we have, I have told you my favorite, the lugee that made the blind man see.
Wasn't that it?
The spit?
Oh, I think that there might have been it.
We're going to have to read up on that.
Yeah, I will.
Because that's the kind of far-right.
There was this, you know, he's spitting.
And before we take this break, and I know all the lines were ringing, and I'm looking,
because the homeless voice people are out in full force.
And so I would like everyone to use Jesus, there are two examples in the Bible,
and if you want me to quote chapter and verse, I'll look them up, but I'm just doing this for memory over here,
and I don't want the Bible historian to call me up, and say, I got to read up.
There's two examples, number one, Jesus cursed the fig tree, because it wasn't using his gifts.
Do you remember that story?
Jesus and the disciples were walking around, and they encountered a fig tree,
and the fig tree was not bearing any fruit.
And Jesus cursed it and said, God gave you life and soil and the ability, whatever,
I'm making this up, right, because I don't have the actual scripture here.
If I had planned ahead, I would have had it, but I'm just doing this off the top of my head here.
He cursed the tree, we're upon it, withered up and died, because it wasn't bearing any fruit.
In other words, God gave you the gifts, all of the gifts that you need to bear fruit,
and you're not bearing fruit, so you withered up and die.
There's example number one.
Example number two after Jesus's death, two of the apostles that forget which ones,
and counter a beggar in front of the city, and they say to him, and I know this,
because it was a song that we used to sing in church.
They say to him, silver and gold have I not, but such as I have give I thee,
in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk, because he was lame.
So in other words, you're not getting any money from me, but you're going to get a blessing.
All right?
So this Christmas season, when the homeless voice has shaken their bucket at your window,
roll your window down and say, silver and gold have I not, but such as I have give I thee,
and the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and get a freaking job.
1114 on 560 QAM.
For years I've been telling you about dry concepts, the best carpet cleaning company around.
Did you know that not only can they do a fantastic job under your carpeting,
which I've done in my home for over 20 years now, they are absolutely the best,
but dry concepts can also save you hundreds, maybe thousands of dollars
by doing ever sensational cleaning things for you.
Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a post-reliather furniture restoration,
mattress cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, pet order treatments and water damage too.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your talent grout quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts for facial staff is always coming up in the most advanced cleaning systems
to do the best job for you.
And during this month, during the month of October, be sure and take advantage
of dry concepts, summer season number two package and water damage special,
highly recommended by Troy Stratford, by the way.
Dry concepts from carpet cleaning to talent grout cleaning,
the only place you ever ought to think about calling, no rip offs, no scams, no BS,
are written guaranteed price every time you put it start to work,
and then an unparalleled spectacular job every time.
Indeed, Rowan and the Palm Beach is called Dry Concepts Tool 3 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071, run the Wicked Web at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516QA1.
And now, the show is the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Excuse me, Mr. President, but I...
Uh, why are you wearing headphones, sir?
Oh, hey, Nick!
A monitor and some illegal wire taps.
Mr. President, don't we have people to do that?
Yes, but I have the really important call sit right here to the overlaps.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, no, something big is coming over.
Oh, what is it, sir?
Weird of a terrorist attack?
No, Brittany has kicked Kevin out of the house again,
and he just set up a date with Lindsey Lohan.
Oh, that no.
Come back next time for a fair and balanced,
compassionately conservative view of our government and action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
1119 on 516QA1.
How are David at 2 o'clock today?
Goldie at 4, Curtis at 7, Eddie K.
At 10 o'clock?
Nice clean schedule, right?
What's going on?
Just college stuff going on right now or something?
What do you mean?
Are we in that in-between season?
We got no games going on.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, well, football.
You got to wait for it.
I mean, there's, you know, the tiny bowl games are...
It's just so weird to read the series.
There's no, uh, nothing on in the evening.
I mean, even though we're down to...
You know, a measly two team.
There's a hurricane's basketball game.
That's pretty much all you get.
I get it now on Thursday.
Try...
No, wait.
Okay, no, tomorrow.
Tomorrow, right?
And then again on Thursday for what it's worth.
Just trying to tell you, you know, keep the whole sports thing alive.
I feel very neglectful.
Maybe we should do updates during the show.
Okay.
Actually, suggested that, you know, ingest to Neil
and he didn't think it was funny at all.
I think it was funny if you did an update.
That would be...
Yeah, that would be hysterical.
I would so have to rehearse.
It would be like reading in a foreign language.
When you got the sounder there somewhere.
Well, I need something to read first.
Maybe you know what later on when Todd shows up.
He could write out the update for me.
And then we'll lead into the Howard David Show
with me doing the update.
How would that be funny?
428-516-290
I wouldn't even know how to start taking it.
Good morning, Scott Florida.
1120, I'm George Rodriguez.
That's it.
So I got some people played some games.
Had nothing to do with you, but some of you think so.
So one team won.
The other team lost.
It's because one team played better than the other team.
Now, to say that over the course of the next six hours.
Here's everybody else.
I'm sorry.
But there you go.
That's it.
Let me check this poll before I dig myself in any deeper.
402 votes.
What do you believe about Jesus this holiday season?
He existed but was not divine.
126.
Don't care.
73.
Don't know.
70.
What the Bible says.
56.
I hate this poll.
43.
He did not exist at all.
20.
And he was an amalgam of several different people.
14.
Now, we only have three calls on the phone right now.
You know what that means?
That means all those pissed off people need to call back.
Yes.
And also that these are all just chronics.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
62.
B of homeless.
See.
There you go.
Nobody rings the phone during the break.
See, here's like a little thing that you can write down in your little producer rule book.
Already there.
You already know it.
The people with a life don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
They don't have the time to live.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
Hello, George.
My name is Charlotte Grease.
Hello, George.
Is it a flashback?
I think, Look at these people.
Well, we have some very frieron elements.
character who was kind of mysterious but then they softened him up like
like a dad like made him a real was but in like like the first episode he ever saw
Fond the other something he was like this real shady kind of a rough kind of a
character with a violent reputation. Cuyam hello. Hey George how are you? Good
man. One for your program on the Jesus thing. The second to describe it is this
way. In my opinion the Bible was nothing more than a big comic book of its
era and Jesus was a superhero the big superhero. Okay well that's
covered he did not exist. Exactly. Okay. Thank you. No problem. By the way I
will throw in that I agree with that. Yeah I mean I've it's just I think it's
you know the early fairy tale that uh sure everybody a lot of people believe
and sure now I watch all of those shows and and get this now if there's
something out there I mean like a real evidence like a real Roman
historical record talks about Jesus by name or something like that if it's
out there and I just don't know about it great where is it let me look it up
or something. And I watch all these shows on the history channel and
discovery channel in search of Jesus and all this stuff and even in the early
days when I was conflicted remember I told you how I was conflicted because I
because he hears what happened first I these people the people that were telling
me the stories I lost faith in them you understand that's how it starts but I
didn't lose faith in Jesus so I decided that these people really weren't close
to Jesus that they were using Jesus to control me and us because I was reading
stuff in the Bible I would ask them questions about it they would get all
hostile right I was reading things that didn't jive with what they were preaching
from the pulpit that's how it started with me like you said because they say
questions are from the devil right I would be the one asking I was let me tell
you this I was as sincere as any mofo can be about anything all right
and I was one of these like very zealous new converts I wasn't didn't grow up
in the fundamentalist church and everything but when I would ask them something
like hey hey pastor Jacobson you said this on Sunday but when I'm reading this
in the Bible it says this over here and all I wanted really all I wanted was a
clarification so that I could worship Jesus right because I was really worried
about worshiping Jesus wrong all right it's a big concern a teenager I should
have had other concerns but this was my big thing then is like I don't
want to do it wrong pastor so please explain this to me why did you say this
when the Bible says that and he would get hostile and I'm like oh I wasn't
meaning to piss you off here pastor I just you know Bible he sold me on the
Bible so I got one here and I'm reading it like he told me to do so I would
like it's hostile not just hostile and then he would go tell my sister my
brother and I you know you've got to watch George you got to be careful I'm
concerned about him yeah oh that's my favorite concern about what you know the
name they would come and talk to me it's like what did you say to pastor I asked
him a question about you know consequently my sister and brother in law
left that church the assembly God we're talking about the church that Jimmy
swaggered belong to before he left it because they wanted to censor him because
of his whole prostitute business is that we want you to go on a little bit of
a probationary period and everything and said screw you I got money to make so I'm
just not going to be a part of your church anymore I'm just going to keep
breaking in the money in which he did all right so I started to do some
independent study I decided you know what this church and these people I don't
know if they're in step with Jesus but I was still sold on Jesus in the Bible I'm
going to do some independent study check out some other churches and everything
like that and that's where it started and then I wanted to do some independent
research by getting some books so that I could find out about some Jesus the
Jesus that exists outside of the Bible and that's where I ran into some hmm I'm
scratching but nothing's coming up you know what I mean I know exactly which
of it is where's the where's all this the historical documentation about Jesus
and I wasn't finding it and then you know you watch Discovery Channel in search
of this and mystery the Jesus and all that stuff and hey rumors of this guy
who lived in this time that might have been Jesus and then there's this story
about this guy over here that lived over here that was part of this movement the
the Ascene movement over here and that they they believed in this and it's
rumored that he was the leader of this particular sect and the apostles were
the people that that followed him around so that's a theory they have a lot of
theories that they don't have anything concrete like Greek mythology to me
you know exactly exactly you know and if you say oh no there's a
historical that they talk about things in the Bible that really existed well
again in Greek mythology and in in the Oliod they talk about Troy and where it
was and lo and behold there it was there is that means Apollo really is driving
a flaming chariot across the sky Apollo is flaming did you know oh yeah yeah
well he was Greek 1130 on 560 all Greek radio WQAM is that it all right oh by
the way it's Acts chapter three if you want to read that you know how to treat
the homeless voice on the holidays example I see people giving the money
almost every day don't you oh yeah on the corner there don't feed the bears if
you don't give the money they'll go away you see they'll go somewhere where
someone is giving the money or hopefully if God wills it they'll go get a job
you see what their shirts say these days no homeless but working here's see
they're not there to me you know what I mean they're there but I don't see
you know what then you're lucky because they make it a point to be seen they
get in my face they do everything shorter wrapping on the wind I don't look
at my window I try not to man I just like crank the tunes up you know I just
really turn up the volume on Jesus Christ superstar whatever I might be
listening to it in the card that time I'm not gonna have a revival with that
just yet but I do love that music so I looked it up because I know that this is
the way that you know you don't just throw stuff out of the Bible a lot of
people quote the Bible and they throw quotes out there that aren't in the Bible
I don't know my girls probably going nuts another religious
I'm just gonna get this out of the way today but since it's Christmas right it's
Jesus's birthday and and they started it just like they usually do the
Christians with their phony controversy about the heathen the secular people the
ACLU they're trying to take Christ out of Christmas but you know no no one is
absolutely no one is it's another croc another smoke screen another let's
divert attention from the fact that soldiers are dying in a made up order
rack and the president is spying on American citizens and violation of US law
but never mind that the secular people and I choose them to they're trying to
take Christ out of Christmas by the way good news really judge rules against
intelligent design in PA remember that was going on that court remind trial the
intelligent design business the school board passed it the people sued they
took it to court the intelligent people won not the intelligent design
people you follow Harrisburg PA a federal judge ruled Tuesday that the
intelligent design explanation for the origin of life cannot be taught in
biology classes in a Pennsylvania public school district the Dover area
school board violated the Constitution when they ordered that its biology
curriculum must include intelligent design the notion that life on earth was
produced by an unidentified intelligent cause US district judge John E. Jones
the third ruled the school board policy adopted in October 2004 was the
leaves who have been the first of its kind in the nation eight families then
sued to have intelligent design removed the citizens of the Dover area were
poorly served by the members of the board who voted for the ID policy you
understand ID intelligent design policy Jones wrote it's ironic that several of
those individuals who so staunchly and proudly touted their religious
convictions in public would time and again lie to cover their tracks and disguise
the real purpose behind the ID policy the judge said the board attorney said
that members sought to improve science education by exposing to students to
alternatives to Darwin's theory of natural selection causing gradual changes
over time intelligent design proponents argue that it cannot fully explain
the existence of complex life forms the plaintiffs argue that intelligent design
amounted to a secular repackaging of creationism which the courts have already
ruled cannot be taught in public schools and then the facts gets messed up it
goes on from there but let's just say one for normal people people who live in
reality the reality base people as opposed to the faith based people because
after all and here's why and I know I've explained it before but let me explain
it again when your material is weak and thin and when the product that you're
trying to push can't carry weight on its own merits all right then you have to
resort to other methods like force feeding presenting it to audiences that
really don't want to be presented with it or to the children of people who don't
want their children to be presented with it you certainly have every opportunity
to brainwash your own children in your own home and when they bring that
biology book home you can say that's a pack of lies and don't stop at creation
when you deny science deny all of it why don't you all right deny physics
because after all the Bible explains the rainbow so the scientific explanation of
the rainbow that has to be false right right the rainbow was put in the sky at
by God as a promise that he would not flood the world again all right isn't that
what the Bible says would you like me to look it up for you know you got to wait
act you want to start at the beginning when you read the story of Peter and
Paul not giving the beggar money but blessing the beggar instead acts chapter
three you should start at the beginning Peter and John I said Peter and Paul
I'm sorry I'm just used to doing that they hung out so much but it's Peter and
John we're walking out of the city and it's in verse six when Peter says silver
and gold have I none I want to miss quote because this is King James King James
not new revised standard King James but the King James version that the guy
called up and said you know is the word of God and everything the guy that
claims that he's read it more than me right maybe one day he will call back
and they'll ask him what he's gonna tell God when he's standing in front of
God and God says so you believe that part about me ordering the death of
children and human sacrifices and and you know and I ordered my followers to
stab women in the womb to make you know who are with child make sure that you
the child inside the womb got killed too you believe that stuff you believe
that a perfect being would order the death and the slaughter of women and
children because they happen to be you know worshipers of another religion you
believe that part what are you gonna say to God when you ask you that but anyway
chapters acts chapter three verse six silver and gold have I none but such as I
have give I be you understand that sentence right there okay I don't have any gold
but I'm gonna give you what I have I have the blessings of Jesus so I'm gonna
pass that along to you may Jesus bless you there you go that's all you know right
as long as you got the blessing so this holiday season this Christmas season when
the homeless boys ask you for some of your silver and or gold follow the
example of Jesus as apostles don't give them coin give them something much
more valuable give them the blessings of Jesus which you have the ability to do
that's the that's the message of that story as it was preached to me from the
pulpit because Jesus has laid his blessings upon you you have the ability to
pass it along so pass them some of that something much more valuable than silver
gold QA hello QA hello yeah may the fun be with you
a yeah I'll put you QA hello hello goodbye you know they reminded me they showed
relatively recently when I saw this one of those outtake shows on family
guy no it was just one of these I don't know exactly what it was if somebody
remembers seeing this show please tell me what it was not that it really matters
it was one of these you know bloopers and things like that but they were showing
bloopers and outtakes from like years before they showed one from happy days
and I don't know if you remember that fauncy kind of lived with the cutting
hands upstairs above the garage for a while see I know the show but I don't well
anyway he did he lived with the cutting hands but he actually rented the room
above their garage alright and one of the outtakes they showed Mrs. Cuttingham
Richie's mom coming out of the room adjusting her clothes and printing her
hair back up with a smile on her face skipping down the stairs that was one of
those little outtakes that they made of the joke okay and then like she blew
fauncy little kiss that she got to the bottom of the stairs he wasn't there it was
just heard coming up that way you know fixing her clothes and adjusting her
hair everything very hysterical not the kind of joke that you'd see on the show
QA hello hello I'm so late for the break but go ahead
or he ain't got a little bit yeah I'm a grandfathering you insert me being
grassy ass cable lock a well-style say they grassy ass yes this religion thing
okay I let the religious people live their religious lives oh happy to do so
it's them that are messing with us exactly I'm pretty sure that Jesus walked
here that just don't think he was a son of God he may just been a good guy
of profit I like to believe that that's the kind of theory that I work around
just like Gandhi another good people that have exactly exactly and if you believe
and if you believe in you pray I mean if you practice what what religion says
pretty much without you know leaving the killing those are now and all that
it's been really just followed I don't know how I throw it over half
what no ram it down my throat let me be you know I don't know if I do and
think of your house we need to have a loan man no they can't do it
because that's the Jesus didn't tell anybody to ran anything done anybody's
throat but see the pastors and the preachers they're they're they're running a
business and they need seats in those pues I need to ask them in those pues so
they're the ones that tell their followers to go out and and get more followers
and do anything that you have to do to bring them in there they're the one that
tell the people hey they're blood your co-workers blood is on your hands
when you get to heaven God's gonna ask you what that blood is on your hands
and then you're gonna have to explain it was your co-worker that you had a
chance to bring to Jesus but you didn't we need that flow yeah take care
about it happy good easy medicate night 14 till 12 560 WQAM
if he came back for Christmas what would Jesus do
said Robert said it all well to hell if he came back for Christmas what would
Jesus do not let Bible bangers and send on wild
to hell if he came back for Christmas what would Jesus do
buy a pair of shoes that that Bible bangers and send rakes and torrents you
hell if he came back for Christmas what would Jesus do so the fight is
we buy a pair of shoes that that Bible bangers and send
sanny brown back to hell if he came back for Christmas what would Jesus do
blow through shivos to you
buy a pair of shoes that Bible bangers and send Robert to hell
10 till 12 on 560 QAM here's another like I got this still working on the
same one sheet that I've been writing stuff down since the last time I did
the show because you just never know Josh one day you might be in this
position you know that little notebook that I gave you I mean that's not
gonna be enough to do it but it's a start you might find yourself having to
you know talk out your ass for four hours or something you're gonna wish you
written some stuff down right like you know you'll be sitting on the can or
driving the car and you're like oh you know what I could kill that like a
go 10 minute segment with this your thing here something I never really thought
about before so recently like we have talked about musicals you know movies
that are musicals mostly suck and a little bit I don't know with you
exceptions like Rocky Horror that's an exception the South Park movie Rocky
Horror because more like an interactive event you get to dress up and throw
like I know what that is the Rocky Horror picture show people throw the
rice come on now come on now the saint not like network you know does
mean like a bird mind warp let's do the time warp is it time warp or mind
warp by and then it's been so long I could fire off some of the music here
people dressed like the characters like every Halloween yeah I did want
Stephen okay back then yeah that's a little game what are you gonna do hey just
once in your life man got a lot of the girls dress you up I guess you don't
have to no but they'll they'll hold you down eventually
Rocky Horror picture show riff rath frankenferter okay we we have the DVD I'll
show you but it's not about the movie it's about what you do at the movie this
is bizarre I mean it's it's like one of these top culture things but it's a
musical all right but it's a comedy and it's a spoof but musical suck like
Mulan Root I agree they're not my bag all these things not they're pretty much
not anybody's bag I don't know who I don't know somebody seen somebody seen
them and they used to make them all the time that they got me thinking about
something else too that sucks think about this band movies with the exception
of like spinal tap which are they spoof of a band movie movies about bands
remember satisfaction with justine Bateman this movie with Gina Gershaw in it
remember Eddie and the cruisers I do all right if you just start thinking about
it just when you're bored just something to do when you're on the tour that
think about movies about bands if someone can think of a movie about a band
fake band not a documentary right but a movie about the adventures of a band
trying to trying to get it going right has there been one that didn't just
below and why do they why do they make another one after the first one that's
what I want to know I mean we talk about movies a lot I don't think we ever we're
really good into that is there a movie about a band that just didn't leak think
about it okay I got one but I can't remember the name all right describe it
somebody on it's it's on Comedy Central it has Brendan Frazier Adam Sandler
they're in a band they try to get it going they hijack a radio station and
okay they have I know what you're talking you know I'm talking I know what you're
talking that was kind of a side it's good what was it my name was a comedy though
right yeah I was coming okay maybe that's why hijack a radio station that's
like it their talk their tape played I see and it's just see that's why it's
easy yeah okay because it's a comedy yeah all right I can see that works well I
mean you a band trying to get it going that's why I remember all right all right
that counts but no you got you got a point because it made I'm sure there are more
than I can just think of right off the top my head any the cruises come to my
end the sequel for that matter QA hello George yeah I got one that didn't
that didn't totally stop sitting Nancy but was that about the band or was that
about the sex person yeah I know I mean I know what you mean it was there that
was the the backdrop but it was more about the people those those people
that's true it's all the story of their life and again I said like not a
documentary and even though it was like a mockumentary yeah yeah yeah that's
what I mean you know what I'm talking about like some like any of the cruisers
where they come up with a band because I'm saying that because they tried to do
that that's what killed Garth Brooks is you know he they were gonna make a
movie about this not just a band but fake artists for that matter right I
got a famous request could you play walking around a women's underwear and
Merry Christmas by Merry Christmas I will remind me by the way that movie was
called airheads airheads all right saw a piece of it should I finish seeing it
ever my Adam's I have in my Adam's hand look at me that might have been his
real early I mean he's not okay really fine it's a good if you do all right and
check it out it's all right I'll get really baked old school and watch you pretty
good cute hello
you am yeah I want to find good I got one I don't know if it falls in the
category of a band band movie but like the fried chicken dry wide toast or
putting the band back together oh the blues brothers oh yeah it's not that
was phenomenal that's no that was a little bit more than just a band movie
first of all that was a comedy and the the right the band thing that was just
one of the many things that they were trying to accomplish in that thing of
course of course all right anyway this sort of follows that no but this is how
we're gonna say we're actually thank you very much because now it's it's
sparking now we're getting a couple good suggestions now you saw the blues
brothers right of course yeah okay okay I can't believe about the Rocky
Horde thing see it's not see I can't just give you the DVD and say here watch
this movie we have to wait for a show to happen they usually happen around
Halloween and then we'll go to the Rocky Horde picture show and you get to
be a virgin which means you get to go up on stage and do something they usually
have the virgins do some stuff it's fun stuff okay I take my daughter this is
what I do you ready for this I'm ready all right get ready to judge me get your
judgment stick out I got it unless you're a Christian in which case you can't so
I take my daughter and then me here here's daddy and mommy and daughter taken
daughter to the Rocky Horde picture show she's like this since she was a little
kid they were showing it on cable she just thought it was great because it is
it's funny it's camp it's pure camp breaks the camp meter so she's a virgin
they identifier is a virgin they take her up on stage they draw a V on her forehead
with a sharpie then they give her a a pie that's made out of like you know it's
just the tin that a pie goes in with a bunch of cool with in it okay they
separate the girl virgins from the boy virgins they line up the girl virgins
on one in one row and then opposite them they line up the guy virgins they give
each of the girls a pie they got to lay on their back put the pie on their
crotch and then the boy virgins has to stick his face in the pie and eat it
and here's mommy and daddy with the camp hordeos yeah that's parenting in
Georgia's house two till 12 on 560 QAM David coming up at two o'clock we have
gold the at four courtesy seven eddy K right up to that at 10 o'clock now when
um golden Howard are uh following each other like that does that happen
before lately no are they chummy do they talk we talk me and Howard is that
around me to each other in the hall we chit chat yeah what about uh whatever he
happens to be uh talking about that day you usually not sports it all depends on
what kind of a conversation is going on I can't remember specifically you to
chit chat friendly terms what do you think think you get sit so what do you
got in your hand there I got a facts here okay from Jonathan that says George
very difficult concept for most people to grasp that we humans are nothing we
are probably really unimportant life forms in the whole scheme of things with
equally unimportant lives so to compensate for this layer upon layer of
hockum have been created to make us feel better about ourselves and our lives
and everyone who believes in their own particular brand of hockum believes
that they're right and everyone else is wrong amen brother and how many
different forms of religious beliefs that we have on this planet and how many of
them are right hey they're all right aren't they even the ones that say the
other ones aren't right when they say the the other guy is wrong it's all a joke
and the joke has been played on all of us Hitler said the bigger the lie the
more the people will believe it how many so-called religious people do we
have in the world I like to believe in two simple concepts be nice to people and
treat people how you would like to be treated which is the golden rule in
Jesus said if he wasn't the first one to say it but let's just pretend that he
was for the sake of the argument because they get really witty when you say that
Jesus might have borrowed concepts that he heard if he did exist or maybe the
people that wrote about Jesus' legend were using concepts that they heard
about but I'm right let's just say that he said it first that's a good it's a
good philosophy the golden rule is a good rule that's what I intend to teach
my son says Jonathan have a good one to keep up the good work you heathen
bastard you Jonathan plantation another heathen bastard and we're doing all
this Christmas hook up at our house even though everyone's a heathen now the
wife's like and she doesn't like me talking about it but too bad honey she's
in like an atheist like like Neil there's nothing nothing that's it see I'm
optimistic I don't know I admit that I don't know who knows see my image of
God dude in a lab scientist like a lab coat you know like the scientist where
with a gestures hat and a groucho knows that's my image of God think about it
all right a mad scientist with a sick weird sense of humor that's the only
thing that will explain men and women you know what I mean like he he must be
just laughing my theory the creation of the universe in the beginning there was
God and God was bored so he said I'm gonna create you know a universe and on a
planet I'm gonna create stuff but the the star of the show is gonna be this race
of people I'm gonna create them in two genders the race will have these two
genders will have to get together or the race will perish but I'm gonna make
them as different as any two beings in the universe have ever been all right
they're not gonna agree on anything but they're gonna have to get together
live together and stay together or the race dies and I'm gonna program them to
want to get together live together be together but I'm not gonna program them to
get along with each other see unlike you and you know I'm agnostic I think anybody
to claim that they know what happened is ridiculous right I think everyone
should be waiting for the person to come up with the right answer though right
now I have my opinion theories we all have our theories and I don't I I would be
agreeing with Neil in that aspect yeah I don't believe in it well I don't
think that there is a God probably not yeah that's my opinion I don't claim to
know that someone who I am agnostic but if my opinion I believe in evolution
that's right well that's who knows maybe that's how God did it see the thing
about these these g's I says that it has to be the way that the Bible said see
they're all see they're in love with the Bible they're not in love with God you
know they won't accept the possibility maybe there is a God but the Bible is wrong
no no no no no the Bible's the word of God and that's it like there can be no
God without the Bible what if the Bible is wrong this is one religious theory
made up by one group of people that lived in one place in one point in time all
right why are they right is it a matter of popularity so when you're standing
in front of God you're gonna say God I followed the most popular religion on
the planet well it's not really but let's just say that it was they like to say
that it is let's just say for that for the sake of the argument and God's
gonna say what you think that this was a democracy you think that access to
heaven was based on following the religion that more people liked than the one
that the second most popular religion that's the criteria right what are you
gonna tell God you gonna tell God that you believed in a book that promotes the
sacrifice of children I looked up the story of Jeff that and how he sacrificed
a daughter because he promised God that he would sacrifice to him the first
thing that came out of his house if he would grant him military victory because
you know how the old testin is all about killing the enemies and so Jeff
that's J.E.P.H.T.H.A.H. and the book of judges you want to know where it is so
you can read about it I'm all set that is well I know you are judges chapter
eleven read all about Jeff that and his daughter and he said God if you let
me if you grant me victory in this battle I will give to you the first thing
that comes out of my house when I get home and what do you know his daughter
came out of the house now God up in his heaven could have made the cat come
out of the house right yeah right all powerful of course and God knowing what
Jeff that would do if he had his daughter go out first it's like hate pause
make it like like let me push the magic button over here and give her the urge
to go take a big dump so that she will be delayed and the cat will come out
first or the goat all right knowing what Jeff that would do if his daughter came
out God lets Jeff does daughter come out she was singing in dance and
wearing bangles and jangles and trinkets and so he he sacrificed and the
following verse you were expecting and God was very angry right guess what now
and it became a big celebration and you know and the women of Israel commemorate
the sacrifice that Jeff this daughter made by I don't know it goes on read all
about it don't take my word for it so you're standing in front of God there on
judgment day and God says you know you really believe that I would have one of
my followers killed her own child because they opened up a stupid mouth you
really believe that that's what I'm all about you really believe that I would
tell my followers to to wipe these people out and to kill every man woman and
child and the goats to you really believe that well yeah of course I believe
that it was in your book and God's gonna say well who told you it was my book oh
high-mischmendoric build Jones he wouldn't lie you know what I mean I know
I mean I mean if let's say that there is a God and there is a heaven or way to
get into heaven I guarantee you this and here's a statement if I'm wrong I'll
give you a double your money back if I'm wrong may God strike me dead now and
throw me into hell that that book will do more to keep you out of heaven than it
common sense which God gave you will get you into heaven sooner than reading
that book of baby murder and using the examples in that book now Jesus's
message great stuff not so much the stuff about divorce and everything but the
stuff about being nice let's pretend that was all revolutionary great stuff that
right turn the other cheek if someone will sue you for your cloak give him your
shirt also if someone compels you to walk with him a mile walk with him to judge
not that you be not judged those kinds of statements great stuff right right great
guide let's say good chance of getting you into heaven if you follow that
stuff well where are those people that are doing those things because everyone
that I hear every time that I hear someone proclaim themselves a Christian get
Margaret ready every time I hear somebody proclaim themselves a Christian
they're doing the opposite of all of those things every time I see somebody
having a problem with something that other people are doing which is none of
their freaking business and Jesus told them not to judge other people it's
it's someone who's calling themselves a Christian what's Margaret got to say
about it I got a facts over here George talking about the controlling
Christians what about Margaret Perrin the Chrysler the Chrysler from hell from
trading spouses I will give Margaret this besides that she's fat she was honest
at least she was honest what she's not a fence writer she's honest she told
everyone what she thought yes it is Margaret but not you honey every ounce of
you is godly 12 12 on 560 WQ I am and when you're shopping for shoes comfort and
fit and that's what it's all about and value of course too everybody wants to
save a few bucks and that's why you want to do your shoe shopping always at
brandy shoes and pomp at obi for the most comfortable fit in your favorite
style or shoes and the top brands we're talking about that's some off brand
that nobody ever heard of before we're talking about the best brands like rock
port floor shine echo a new balance mafisto s a s all the top names in a
business and Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a
customized video comfort shoe every time just as for Arnie he'll take dang good
care of you the pros and Brandy's understand fit and comfort and even
specialize in wide wits as well for those of you with really big fat grotesque
feet Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere for comfort
style fit value and selection always think of Brandy shoes 12 90 North Federal
highway and pop it up each they're open daily Monday through Saturday till nine
every Sunday till five and this week is a stupendous time for savings at Brandy's
because take an extra 20% off on selected men's and women's styles who's from
s a s naturalizer for sure I'm sparing rock ports too so be sure get in Brandy's
this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com
this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight
I'm a one-pound
well how did I even know that I am here and you are
I can't say anymore like that for me thanks a no small part that I've got a
midday show guy who bokeh yeah yeah that's that guy who ever the hell out of you
Matt I did it yeah out in the hallway I don't know who I don't know whatever it was
let's take some calls and shall we prestige just a Bud Polya city blue yeah
hi mom yeah well you know what is it when are people gonna realize this this is a
sports show and nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the game world
of sports by the way some they paid me to ogle and then my amen this here is a show for men
a bout man like this melee bands and chats you stole the pizza huh you stole the pizza
I did not take no pizza I don't be ridiculous you stole the pizza I don't know what you're talking about
stole the pizza I didn't steal the pizza no I did not steal the pizza stole the pizza now see here I
ain't no pie by Glenn I did not steal the pizza I only had one slice they're okay so it was a
whole pie who cares those buns had no power I was hungry I sacrifice a lot too you know there
was no back of brown just don't face the same without the doctor brown as rudist and that
morrow and said good night and kiss my ass all right 1218 on 560 wqmi thank you and curse you both
to the person who's sending this four page before I stopped at fax their critique of the book
of pandas and people have you heard of this book you know it's the it's the book that the intelligent
design people are passing around it's the latest one I should say it claims to be an objective
at the theory of evolution which of course it's not it's a it's a it's a shred job based on a
whole bunch of hocom based on half-truths and misrepresentation of science and the and the
fossil record and I don't you know I appreciate this but I don't need to waste four facts pages on it
I know as much as I need to know about it when the book came out you know I read the little synopsis
of it and I go oh here we go with another one you know because I read like two and I want to
do different lectures by two different people this is what I wanted to believe and I was getting
in arguments with people who were taking me to task for for my beliefs so I wanted some ammunition
so I started you know reading in those days I read you know didn't make my eyes hurt think I need
glasses no I'm just lazy and I hate reading but all of their arguments are based on all first of
all all of their arguments are based on taking shots at the other people's evidence they don't have
any of their own and I could spend a lot of time and I won't talking about how they do that
it's just like word twisting games but the other thing that they do is they just they just come out
and lie they say biologists say that blah blah blah and they're just misquoting the science
the science of the day the science of the time just just flat out falsely which shouldn't surprise
you because clergymen are evil thieves all right and this is their business and anything that comes
into conflict with their ability to make money and their absolute control over the minds of their
parishioners they will object to and they have ejected to pretty much everything everything knew
that ever came down the pike whatever it was even if it was a good social concept like democracy
the railroad potatoes coffee you know these are things that the church objected to
you know because they don't want anybody having anything from anywhere except what you know come
to us and we'll give you we'll give you healing so they always objected and fought medical science
persecuted them had them burned at the stake and tortured people that had the nerve to cut into
dead human bodies to find out what's going on in there so that they could help people who are
still alive had them branded as Satanists etc and so on all everything you name it people who were
pro-democracy this is back during the american revolution and other revolutions the divine right
of kings this political system was established by god and by saying that you don't want to follow a
king you're saying that you don't want to follow god and god's structure whatever it was
anything good anything that didn't come from them they condemned it come to us for healing come
to us for your questions about the cosmos yeah but you know your story about the cosmos is kind of
I don't know stupid so i'm going to dig up some fossils and see what I can learn from observation oh no
you're the devil so i don't need to read the critique of the panda book i've read other similar
books it's just wordplay they they use to argue the same thing that they use to convince you of
their hookum in the first place fanciful stories well told by a good storyteller all right
gets you all excited you make an emotional decision all right that's how they argue all their points
well if this is that then that that's got nothing to do with the fact that you can't produce any
evidence to prove your point and the only thing that you can do is take shots at the other people's
evidence and this is what we teach in school by the way for the people that say well what's wrong
with just presenting alternative theories and this and that it's like there's nothing wrong with
presenting all alternative theories but in science class we teach things that are observed all right
you send your child to school so that they can learn what people know about stuff all right
we have the ability to tell our children whatever story we want at home but we send them to school
to find out about stuff we know not stories we heard that's the difference qa hello
goodbye qa hello hello
hello hey George what's up hey i got two things regarding the band movies spinal tap man i mentioned that right
in the opening tirade i mean outside of spinal tap and spoof like that spinal tap was great
they sort of go to eleven by the way what that these go to eleven oh okay and then um
regarding the if there's any historical writings that Jesus Christ existed yeah in my own research
because i'm sort of in a similar spot where you were a while back just you know trying to see
you can and and research and study yeah like yeah we get into the real Jesus right the only
thing i could recall is there's a man named Joseph as to writing and that's that's been conflicted
i mean there there are people that say that that was all made up ho come and say that they have
the proof that it was all made up ho come so but still he was supposed to when he lived was supposed
to have correlated to win allegedly Jesus lived and according to his writing he says there was
no man named Jesus Christ who actually lived but you know far too he actually was you know right
what religious people think that's as close as we can get exactly that that's what the king
Arthur stuff there was a guy that lived in this time and he said some things and did some things
that we think that might have been Jesus right on all right i have a moment to get easy not i
should get some my Josephus book just to uh to put its rest in my own mind because people think
that was all about your hook and two qa hello hello yeah oh and hear me i'm on a cell i can hear
you fine hey my name is jenna so i think it's a great discussion you're having i don't know
it what's up i said i hear i'm hearing a great discussion can i agree what do you got for us
well i guess for two things i was talking about uh ban redo and uh bird talk a little bit of go
and how they see the flow down which they did i think but i don't think that i think that part of
the problem was that they didn't have the material around them to continue doing a strong
performances as they originally had okay one of the reasons they were to slow down upon part of
the reason that's my opinion all right and then about the great discussion about whatever
this thing they call uh with this new creation idea of intelligent design versus uh
how effective that's to give intelligence design my god if it's not this
it's the blaming god and intelligent design he's got much more intelligence than to design what
that's a very good point so i don't know but who am i talking to this is a george oh you're on
the we're on the phone we're on the radio right now that's right oh good three if i didn't know
we don't do rehearsals on the show i'm driving and i couldn't hear i think that there's a lot more to it
than that you know in that of course the long time since i was in elementary school we used to
call it grammar school right and also um in high school it's not just a week that we learned
in the science but me and uh you know uh animals all everything about human beings it's all based
on what is visible to the human experience right on except they try to make
spirit which is entirely opposite to matter responsible for all the same set
matter is doing more than that man is doing and there's a difference and you cannot you can't
you can't blame them no they're officers that you've done it so i mean what would people try
oh they try as the corgi along over there oh yeah that was my blunder sorry go ahead
there's a corgi for generations and thousands of years have been trying to make man in the image of
great god in the image of man and the real way is try to work and grow
anymore in the image of god if you understand god to be good all right there's the whole theory there
and then sister i'm sorry i said have have a nice day thanks for calling
are you too George the president is talking to you and first and i'll see you five frequently
all right bye bye bye bye any idea i want to go home now
me too but we can't 1227 on five sixty qa m
way too late in a rush to get it done so get out of my way
gushing through the mall with one listen today i am desperate to buy anything
undesplayed at those bargain bins look for the cheapest price who cares if they don't like that gift
i'm wrapping it tonight oh shopping how shopping how shopping way too late
oh what crap i have to buy with Christmas days away
shopping how shopping how shopping way too late in a rush to get it done so get out of my way
yeah all i like finally got my little chat thing working in bokeh brides in there so maybe
i can just do this on the air i can't can't do the lunch today brine i got to put it off one more day
if for no other reason and i have several i got to get one more day a shopping and before i see
bokeh brine i got to i got to update upgrade his president now let me ask you a question like
you have a lot of people to buy for yeah thanks like more than uh more like ten is that sound about
uh more maybe yeah okay never mind i mean i get some good for you i was gonna ask like i you know
i was gonna see if it's not possible for you to get it done in like a day no no i've been i've been
working on it since the beginning of the month actually i got a little combinations of mail
orders and drive-by's okay and and then some actual like i hit best by yesterday i think i might
have to go back that was you who did the drive-by dude that was me best by was nutty i had to park like
in the field well the lines and you guys buy when it's not christmas season right actually and
they were doing the right thing because you know how normally you can't get any you can get any help
there and i don't want you know they're gonna you're ripping this but that's by my favorite store
bar none all right let me just throw that disclaimer out there i'm a member of the rewards club for
crying out loud i was cashed in two freaking coupons because i spend so much money there and i love
going to best buy but i know that they get those low low prices going by not paying anybody anything
all right and don't get me started on the geek squad either there's commercials are great
place you take your computer to be fixed as long as you know what's wrong with it and have already
purchased the part that they need to replace that you here may not know that they need to replace it
or otherwise you're gonna be driving all around town to help them fix your computer but they're great
all right there's spectacular so i go there and they actually had a lady doing uh i don't even
know what you call it she was doing the cashier jockeying she was kind of like matardian for the cash
years she was standing at the front of the line you know how they make you go through that they got
a little line area like a little corridor rope off there for you to stand in line in and they had
a lady there at the front of an eyeball in the cashier is waiting for you know she was eyeballing
them for somebody to be wrapping up their purchase and then she would like say you register 10
you register fat just like that like keeping it going and i got in and out you know look at
the split i'm not going to go into too many details because i don't want to tip people off of what i
was uh what i was buying there but like i already once did some shopping and i got something for
bokeh brine and i'm reviewing some stuff yesterday and going through something i look at what i
got for brine and uh and i'm like this this sucks was that the reaction yeah my reaction i'm like no
like what i think this is lame i'm going to give this to somebody else like like my friend edipist
or something you know this sucks i need uh i need to upgrade bokeh brine because i value bokeh
brine you know not just because i was at mohawar's avidates so we'll have to put off our lunch today
brine because i just need one more day before i see and i know what he's going to say oh no you
don't have to give me it's like hey you know me you're not going to stop me i'm caching in every
karmic opportunity i have especially this year good god help me so i need one more day brine
we'll have to postpone our regular lunch where we sit and scheme about how best to embarrass
how we're david again all right we'll just have to put that one off you know until tomorrow and
hopefully we'll come up with something good by then qa hello hey judge oria
merik christian medicanima hey you know as you're gonna look at the news and you see all this
or well you double speak between uh patriotic and homeland secure and it's it's like a comedy act
it's kind of like watching a vaudeville tap dancer and you know tap dance and juggle at the same time
because he's throwing this stuff out here and it's so obvious that he's one of these faith-based
people because he's throwing things out that make no sense because everybody's asking him well
could you please cite the law or the section that gives you the authority to do this on the commander
chief well yeah but we understand that but see that has a definition and the powers that the
commander in chief has are defined could you please tell us where in your job description and
it gives you but where it wore on the commander in chief during wartime yeah we know we know that
but you need to be able to cite some sort of a law because we have checks and balances and we have
a procedure in place and a court specifically set up to grant warrants for these kinds of
activities why didn't you go to that court shut up why do you hate America that's why it's
just a gd piece of paper anyway that's right i know i got a great deal you know because they had it
on the news the the the that court that is in charge of those things last year or since what
since it was set up out of the four thousand and a half are almost requests for warrants it turned
down four all right so it's not like uh this is an impediment and i saw that they're so flexible
you can even go back to them retroactively if it's such an emergency right oh granted that's how
much they just want to have you but obviously they're spying on political opponents people they just
don't like they're digging up dirt on everybody that they don't like and they they don't want you
to know what they're doing or who they're doing it to if you're not a friend of the wizard you're
in trouble yes you are so a great movie though about a band almost famous almost by Cameron Crowe
oh oh yeah i didn't like that movie okay i'm sorry well it's better than that movie that made me
hate Kate Hudson well that's not too hard but hey i sent you a copy of a crash you should get
at the station oh well spectacular enjoy thank you so much all we have to do is work on uh what
was it for you omega man i don't even know if they have it on on DVD it's one of those movies
might still be VHS and also since we have you know let's take you know advantage of the fact that
we got we got the show to exploit for our own personal gain here tonight i want to find you a
vcr cheap if someone knows where they're selling cheap vcrs i want to buy one for Josh i don't like
you enough to get you a vcr DVD combo well actually let me rephrase that i do like you enough
but that's out of my story don't worry you know i don't like you know this is it's not even more like
you know i can borrow this yeah yeah you could you know i mean i don't have any time at this point
i know that star wars that's all i have on tape star wars what's that the original oh
that's the only one worth that i don't have i can't watch them if i wanted to you know what's
George Lucas going to say to god wouldn't you like to be a fly in the wall for that conversation
when god's confronting him with uh with that when god says to George Lucas
hon shooting second grito shooting first or you thinking qa hello
hello
qa hello
qa hello
George hello
hey George how are you?
just fine
hey as long as you care to help me out with something this time of year there's only change the
device these women dressed like nurses but are maybe Asian or Filipino out there begging for money
for women uh they belong to a cult uh don't give them any money
don't give them money no
but it's a little official to religious group and don't give them any money
okay all right all right okay what they're dressed in or what they say the money is going to
here's my policy with regards to beggars don't give them any money
but they're uniform from all the adults make them legit don't give them any money
give them give them what Jesus's apostles gave to the lame beggar
and acts all right give them the blessings of Jesus
past Jesus is blessing along he gave it to you you pass it right along to them
you know i heard i will do that and also i got you on the phone i even got something earlier i
just you got to look at this guy's website it's uh the bible and for man okay okay
he translates everything literally from the bible and everything is the truth you cannot
dump him he is on the air i used to live in Colorado
hmm what a fun guy it cracked me up people would have specific questions and he would close
first and all right i need to take that out
sure yeah where did can't get his wife oh no i don't know i'll ask the bible answer man
he will know all right thank you very easy now there's a guy that probably spends more time reading
the bible than i do you know what's funny about going back and reading the bible again
it's the same yeah yeah qa hello hello hello no yo you know George you need to check out this documentary
is called hated it's a story about gg alan you need to
story about who gg alan gg alan is that the guy the the the the hard core rocker who does a lot of
things yeah i got hated you're gonna craft your phone and i think i think adel one of our listeners
who has a website uh feast of hate and fear i think he sent me that nice thought do you like it
he's a he's a fun guy like to have him at a party all right i don't want to front row seat at one
of his shows mind you i don't like it because i don't want him to toss any of those but more
smells at me but uh i'd like to back row seat at one of his shows all right later this show
he does these shows he comes out naked does that the hardest core uh like death metal that you can
imagine and then in in one of the shows he was um how can we put this eloquently you can't he
was inserting marshmallows and then deserting them and throwing them into the crowd how's that
yeah back row yeah back row but not killers qa hello
George yeah what's going on i got a few points for you basically what you've been talking about
for sure you're on fire man uh you're on fire you sound like you don't know you
um i want to start off with a religion point did you ever hear of a theory called theistic evolution
yeah if it's what i think it is that's the god made everything but that's how he did it
exactly he thought of the whole thing back going with that left it alone as a matter of fact if
god is going to create a universe how else except to uh i want this to exist there it is right
uh next point the uh rockie harrow picture show yeah believe it's showing every Saturday night at
flipper's theater movie theater all for you know i think you're right the daughter was going to
that frequently for a while captain universe i'll have her take Josh definitely and his girlfriend
next part uh shopping sucks i'm totally worried about that i love the internet i got at least
half of the dog done online i've got to pick up the wife stuff and uh at best by thankfully
i do them a reward card member it's the best i love that store i could really hurt my my whole
life in that store i do that all i got to put blinders on when i go in there what's up man
and uh the band mood uh one thing i saw was um light of day with Joan jet and michael jay falken oh
kind of campy kind of thank you for that i forgot all about that one we can put that on another
most of things that shouldn't have happened yeah well check it out on there all right wait on take it
easy i saw that one yeah that was i you know i really tried hard to talk myself into Joan jet is sexy
never quite got there did you remember her video for do you want to touch me where she's flashing
she's wearing that little bikini she flies and you're like oh uh Joan i you know i had a better time
with my fantasies before i saw that yikes what the hell is that is that a chick what's going on
i don't know like her boobs there Joan i mean that was a pretty fast flash i don't i don't know
it was in slow motion too but still i don't know remember that you remember that video a little bit
do you want to touch anyway oh Joan i've been wanting to see you naked for a long time and uh now
i kind of wish i hadn't 16 to a one on five sixty qa m
the cheer from everywhere building here all of the time raising a tap all here and
up telling your tap they see they ring while people sing songs of the cheer christmas is here
there we go there we go there we go there we go there we go there we go there we go there we go
to every home game gone game gone
love until one five sixteen qa m okay think boko brine was listening to that last uh i can't make
lunch today brine i tried to type it in the little box here just now uh i should have done it
sooner but i had to go to the bathroom i'll be waiting for you at the diner which i have to do a
lot because when you're um and write this down for the future for like when you do the show
should we both die uh you go through a lot of water because you're talking a lot and so when you
go through a lot of water guess what you go through a lot of water not that that whole uh pseudo
evidentry isn't helping out too but one of those only on one today yeah yeah i mean i don't have
the numb nose or anything like that i actually only had one more swig left in the formula 44d
i want just enough to get a little lightheaded i'll give you two crush them up and snort them
we never did get an answer to that is anybody tried that you know if i were to ask the question
and we even i didn't even have to ask the one time i remember talking about stupid things that
kids smoke remember that whole conversation like oatmeal and banana peels and whatnot and you did
the banana peels no i didn't oh somebody did you do the oatmeal no i told you the first thing
that i ever smoked was uh read oh t okay orange spiced tea stories from here to eternity
taste really good about yeah i did it well kind of a buzz any genetic and just uh it was just a
taste thing really so we could bring that up and there'll be all kinds of people calling but what
about uh you know did you anyone ever snort these uh pseudophets i know we got the answer yesterday
apparently and i didn't know i guess i did but i forgot i didn't write it down
isn't that how it works when you're not interested in the formula for um crystal meth
you had it and write that down well it's the recipe against how many pseudo effidines do i have to
dissolve in what kind of acid now but i guess that's right i remember that that was exactly
it was pseudophet that everyone was all up in arms and they were making sure that they kept
it behind the counter not in front of the counter and the kids were coming in buying boxes of it and
remember that all that stuff that was going on but i'm just wondering if you could just
crush this stuff up and snort it because i was getting numb nose yesterday just from the one
plus the i guess i don't know half a bottle of formula 44d that could do it too
well that's the alcohol i guess will numb your nose and your teeth a little bit great combo
yeah don't tease qa hello
hello gg allen's been dead for over 10 years time do i get with it George
oh dammit that he killed himself because he know he was a gunna he died at poor blood after a
hair went over those so he never did kill himself in concert like he said he was going to
is right after concert so i guess close but nevertheless all too bad
i buy newspapers from those almost times every day they do a great service i bet
what service is that they're providing me a newspaper
i see peace man by those aren't the people we're talking about
we're not talking about the newspaper vendors yeah i mean i understand people who grab like a
satin along the way or something that's all fine although i will say if because the homeless
voice people they have a little bit of a fake pamphlet that they pretend that they're
distributing their for their money well that's how they get around it so that to see some cities
try to pass these no panhandling ordinances but that doesn't apply to people who are vending
on the street like the newspaper vendors so they just well we got a pamphlet we just took a piece
of paper and folded it in half and we're vending now see great so if that's what has to happen to
get these people off the street is to get the newspaper vendors off the street too then so be it
i don't think any of us are having trouble finding newspapers are you why i read online
hey but i mean how many newspaper options are there
and and or all the rest of the stuff that they sell to you from your from the curb there water
m&m's churros whatever those little those little grape things yeah the the hasp you know
i don't have any one of those well no hey words come on whatever those things are
let's go through that again kill an entire show what are they and why hasn't anybody brought
any buy so that Josh can have some or me i don't think i've had them either are they not grapes
are they leeching us that's what they were they were some sort of a strain of like a leeching
nut thing and i hear that they taste like boogers like or sweet yes sweet boogers let's do it come on
man you never know when you might find your way on the fear factor this is just conditioning
qaim hello George yes how are you baby fine how are you okay listen to i will listen you were saying
about who may retain chain travel east to the end of not and married and eight that's
what you get the black folk well all right thank you very much yeah i heard that story qaim hello
hello hello hey i done all right how are you good i got a little comment on my back to that
of kind of people book actually that book i think that's around anything it was very visually
around when the whole creation thing creationism thing was going on in the 80s and the one
is published now they just literally came to work creationism to intelligent design so i know they're
just repackaging it exactly i know and but the fact is that these people are generally introduced
to everyone else as if it's a new thing come on well first of all these people are scamsters and
so this is all they do all day long year after year is is scam and come up with new ways to scam
and come up with new ways to repackage the same old product which is just here's the way life is
take my word for it yeah that's their product exactly so i mean anybody would have to have a branch
and know that you know it's it's religious i mean you have to have a lot of course and they're not
they're not really presenting anything all they're saying is no that's not it in other words all
of their so-called curriculum and all of their so-called whatever it is that they're offering
they're not offering you any information outside of mythology but what they are doing is saying
you know that science that you've been hearing about that's wrong yeah i'm all they're saying
oh what you just heard that's wrong yeah yeah i say uh screw what i thought you designed and
it's bringing the flanks to get him on sir i mean that guy is the way to go there you go yeah
there's a flanks to get him on sir yeah the flanks to get him on can you never hear that look out
no yeah there's a guy out in Kansas who got to put about the school board taking
putting intelligence into the school to shoot the yeah uh father-in-law's is saying that
intelligence running as long as i believe that there's a flanks to get him on sir
yeah sure look it up it's a big thing on the net
flanks to get him on is there a picture of it yeah there's a picture of it too it's a
bottle for the gentleman to me bald and i just flying around all right yeah good
good that's the monster that doesn't eat you but you can eat it qa m hello
George yes two questions of the statement okay i'm right you're telling me up front
when did mr. garrison become mr. garrison uh last season sometime right why he had a sex
change because he realized that he was a woman on the inside it was it was a big issue it was a
whole big to do and uh Kyle's dad became a dolphin for a little while you you have to see
it it explains a lot more than i can go through here okay now it's statement and then i have a
question you i don't want you to be a liar anymore because you're telling joss you're going to
take him the rocky hard no no i'm not going to take him my daughter oh because i was going to say
you know your wife's not going to let you go my no i'm not allowed to have any fun no you're not
allowed my my daughter is though i mean the third question tonight tonight who's the car
are we going to find out tonight i don't know who it is i say it's a chick
i don't know i don't know how about this how about this what's her name the carver is what's
her name not the crazy blonde but the other crazy nymphomaniac that that has a black child
right and who supposedly has aides uh yeah her that's what a lot of people are saying by the way
this christian have sex with any woman who isn't crazy no apparently not all right do the what
you get your mom for christmas dude don't get me started that she's in the hospital right now with
a fractured neck you know what that means things i got to put up with her oh my god all right
she's in heaven she's in heaven people have to cater to her in a way i mean you never did
mention that you got in the accident north florida the short story i went down there on sunday
she was completely knocked out you know the nurses like oh you must be the young i had two words
out of my mouth oh you must be the youngest i heard about you the nurse and you add your sister
i'm like yeah she's talking smack oh yeah oh yeah and i said i i don't doubt it i weep for you
because you actually have to pay attention you're paid it's your job to cater to this evil wench
this evil woman she's in heaven right now she has a pain that's undeniable she has a pain
that can be verified well did you say she broke the fracture she's got a little bit of a fracture
on her neck there the yahoo's at the same augustine hospital flagler hospital and say augustine
released her and said oh you're fine bitch get the hell out of here they're probably just tired
of her whaling ass and so you know they bring her down here and her neck still hurts so they take
her over to the hospital and uh do an x-ray and she's got like a little micro fracture or something
like that she's got a pain in the neck yes you know you know the line she's gone from being a pain
in the neck to having a pain in the neck and now we have to humor her
yeah and i went down there on sunday like i'm gonna you think it's she's a jackson now just
actually like in the complex somewhere i'm not gonna say exactly where you think i'm gonna go
down there on a weekday and fight traffic all the way back up stream after the show to what
to do what to listen to her wail at me to be a captive audience in there i have a neck fracture
so now i'm really gonna let you have it hey we should come for over it was a very pleasant visit
on sunday she was knocked out i stood there in front of her dead or her front of her dead oh without
a 14 split sorry ma i sat there in front of her bed and looked at her and you know she's got her
neck and a brace talk to the very nice and very miserable nurse that has to uh deal with her
and then uh we skidattled we uh we left Jesus's blessings with her though it's one o'clock on
jeez and remember
I'm like a man too strong, just like a man holiday
So it's all this year but I'm busy
So don't think I have any energy
Sweat in my all-right-mouthed life
Just positive differences on me
The perfect gift for me with the incompleteness of names and actions
Like the last year, he's shopping in common
He's most interesting, he's at his number best ever at the time
Once if anyone has a lot of those likes, they'll jack those halls
Turn those trees and break those thoughts with my tear
I just need to catch my breath
So you'll never tell me this year
I'll pick your frozen lamp
It's children's room for 24 days
Ever rain, fog, and sound
Get us a rubber whip, like a springtime
So I'm again, would have been good to go for lunch
Turn the grid where balls bring me
Try me, let me keep in touch
And of course, the summer time
Out to the beach with balls like Daniel knows
This time it was me, thunder and a third degree
Now the towners just one page of course I am excited
Tonight's the night I'm semi-mine
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
I was in the bunch of power
Mrs. Harris especially
Kong's
forsake
I was in one eye
Somebody got change through the snow
Cause I wandled other two
Twice
Plす minutes
Have to do too car
Some ask me
Some ask myself
Stop trying to answer
Ok
Stop about
It's getting late, and try to turn home a cellar
Pray in a quiet way, unwind, so you can make your breath explode
And he has cried in the world, close to your feet
Already in the ovens, night from high-close down
That's what I forgot, so I was a bitch back out in the snow
She'll yell me out, my clothes will read when
What's my worry, God, I should have peered alive
If I got evidence, it's not yours
And this one alarm he said
It breaks in tears and clays in
I said me too, but why are you?
You mean you forgot her very tears?
And suddenly we laughed in love
But on the clock was happening
That Christmas magic bought us
Hail to the dead of the earth
AUDIO
One of the six on WQM, there's that waitress's song I was talking about early that I just
was on the comedy site.
Have you ever heard that before?
Yes.
You had.
I had.
Really?
I haven't.
Really?
Really?
Really?
So there's you got one on me.
By the way, the Spanish soap opera is the wife makes me watch what she doesn't make me
watch but like I'll take you know time off and I'll be home during soap opera days.
I can't remember the first or last time I saw a cat fight like this on one of those English
language soap operas.
Dirt in the face and everything and they're going to the underwear.
I mean look at that.
And this is what they're opening with.
Our favorite soap opera.
That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
So people want to see.
We do, I want to do it on cable.
And our programming for the cable channel, this is a fantasy.
George and Josh's fantasy cable channel.
We're going to copy a lot of the Spanish language programming but we're going to take it up
a notch where it should be.
Where it wants to be.
Right.
You know it wants to go there.
Yes.
They're just right on the verge.
I want it to go there.
They got that whole Catholicism just holding them back.
You can feel the breast just bursting against the shirt, screaming to get out and the
pope is holding them back in because he hates breasts and everything else.
And we've stated that the soap opera that we could make better.
And don't forget about the talk show.
The talk show and the variety show we got.
The show is already on slate.
We got a soap opera, a variety show with singing and dancing.
Right.
And a talk show.
And then maybe we could we could come up with a really good reality show.
I mean that you know so many because they're cheap.
So we have ideas there like one for starters radio.
The radio reality show just put a whole bunch of cameras up in here.
People wouldn't believe it.
They would accuse us of staging stuff.
Right.
I'd have seen this morning with the coach and Todd.
Do you think anybody would have believed that?
If anyone saw Todd bouncing around I'm talking bouncing off and off.
And we made a rubber from one person to another to try to find someone who would
confront the coach, Dan Jula with these sporting.
What did he have like a footballer jersey and a paper plate?
What did he have?
I guess a couple of howmits or a couple of footballs and a howmits.
It's for clients.
It's for clients which ultimately means it's for him because he gets this is all grease.
He greases a client with an autographed tellment and they grease him with a big order.
We all benefit Josh.
That's how you should see it.
You want to be a team player don't you?
Let's see they wouldn't have believed that scene.
No this guy isn't real.
No one really acts like this.
But it is a coach Dan Jula.
Oh that's all I have for you.
Okay.
I walked past him in the hall.
Did you?
I was on my way to the bathroom.
I told you I've been going like a Russian racehorse this morning and today.
There was the crowd all gathered around there and just like I did with Dan Reno in those
couple of occasions remember during the whole Hall of Fame inauguration thing I told my
Dan Reno stories about how he was in the hall and I walked past.
There were all these people there in the hall blocking my way and I had to kind of shove my way
through.
At least I didn't have to actually physically brush by anyone.
There was actually a path through the throng that I was able to get to the bathroom through.
QA and hello.
QA and hello.
I heard about there and just like I did with Dan Reno in those couple of occasions.
That's me during the whole Hall of Fame inauguration thing.
I don't know.
I feel like I just heard that.
That's how it's going to get you don't you think?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I just want to tell you where you get the VCR for free cheap brands my USA.
The what for what now?
The VCR?
Oh.
Cheap VCR is a brand smart.
Like 140 bucks.
Beautiful.
There you go.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
A lot.
All right.
Yeah.
But that's like I have to drive in the other direction.
Don't worry man.
Like I said, you take this with home.
I mean again, I have no sense with the VHS movies.
So I'm not going over the purpose of it.
It's a lot me a VCR.
It's kind of like throwing money away.
I'll give you a hug.
Oh, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Going off mic.
This is a perfect example.
This here is a VHS cassette tape of the most recent Saturday night live that Jen Pudzie taped and copied for me because I missed it.
Remember somebody called and said you got to hear you got to see his Alec Baldwin.
Okay.
I think it was last week someone called and said Alec Baldwin was on Saturday night live yet again and they did a whole Christmas thing with the elves him and the elves doing a Glen Gary Glen Ross speech.
For the Santa and the elves and his hysterical and I was lamenting and I tore my he always does a good job.
I always does a good job.
I had seen it and I was bumming and the Jen here she goes and she makes the copy and so I got to watch it.
Now here it is.
This is why you should have a tape player.
Something comes on, you tape it, you lay it on a friend friend.
You see how that works?
This is something that you still can't do with Tivo until they come up with a handy dandy DVR where you can tape on the fly and actually physically remove a disc and lay that on a friend.
This is still the best thing that we got.
Guess who the musical guest is?
Give me a hint.
Someone we like.
There's your hint.
Someone we like.
A lot.
What genre?
Hot.
Shakira.
You are.
I'm a music man. Get out of my head.
I mean what else is going on right now?
Well it could have been Britney.
Not now, Dave.
Not anymore.
Has she been sullied?
Which by the way, after we saw it, we saw it with the Barkers.
Oh the Barkers.
I tell you what, even Britney.
Mokeler, is that how you say her name?
She's a smokeler.
Let's just go with the Barker.
A lot's up in Milky?
Listen.
You're gonna knock it up with a kid.
I'd be all over that.
Not a problem.
No.
So this is why you should have a VCR so that you can enjoy.
Good point.
People, we're still exchanging tapes here and there.
40 bucks though, that's not bad.
You know what I said?
Now would I be able to record?
I could record about it in another direction.
That's just it. That's what we do.
Until they come up with a handy, you know what I'd really like to get?
Is there some sort of a recording device that I can record on a little USB,
one of those little USB flash memory things?
They got them up to four gigs now?
Is that a show yet?
I'm dreaming.
They probably have something like that.
Get carried away now.
All right.
I like to fantasize about technology.
Don't you?
113 on 560 WQAM.
Wasn't conscious.
Where are the things that want to be?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
We'll be helping you throughHelloAll Potter
I like, have some
engagement and 돈
Crusher to come up with
the money and then the people
that contributed, we get to share. You know what I mean? We get a copy of the glossy book.
What do you think? Um, I like it. Problem is- I thought I had a better nature.
For her to get naked? I know. Can't imagine. I'm like, I know. I'm gonna get- they're gonna run out with every penny. Let's do it.
Oh, I agree. We could like get a tour bus go around the country passing the hat. You know, all these people standing on street corners, you know, passing the hat, raising funds for something.
We can have art themselves in their cult leader. The Shakira voice guys. Go out on the side of the road.
You know, I'll say, hey, we want Shakira to get naked. Contribute. We're having a lot of money. A strypathon. A nudathon. I- it seems I had a better- better campaign term.
Probably that. But that's the work and idea that we have a fundraiser and the people that contribute, we get to share in this foils. And all the rest of you, you just have to settle for our description.
Her nipples are actually, well, when they're hard, they're like the size of a dime. But when they're not, they're kind of like the size of a quarter.
Now, Susan B. Anthony dollar, put a quarter. Yeah, if you haven't paid, then you'll have to go through La Fattura. Yeah. She did that. I think that's the song that she did there.
That's right. The turtle, the tortoise. QA of hello. Hello. Hello, Mr. George. Yeah. Hey, George, about the movies that you have been about before. Would a regular rock and roll group count?
Or would have a movie about a- not a documentary about a real band, but a movie about a fake band, like Eddie and the Cruisers, that kind of thing.
Oh, because I saw it made for TV movie called About the Tentations, which was excellent. Yeah.
No, I'm not talking about a documentary or a mockumentary about real bands. All right. Next time.
All right. Take it easy. What was that other horrible, horrible movie? And it was brutal. It had, I think it had Michael Paray and it again. And Rick Moranis.
Oh, come on. Diane Lane. Rick Moranis. Yeah. Oh, he was brutalizing it too. And Willem Defoe has the bad guy. 50s style.
Come on. Somebody knows this. It's right here. I got it right here. No, not there. QA hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Uh
I just got excited there for a minute.
It happens all the time.
I was actually trying to get through earlier.
I couldn't get through.
I just wanted to talk a little bit about my gate.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I'm the Commander-in-Chief.
We're war.
I'm outraged that anybody would be spreading these really true rumors.
Oh, why isn't anyone lambasting the New York Times for
sticking on the story for a year?
We have posted, we've been posting stories about that,
that same question.
Why isn't anybody, hello, you know, all of that?
I'm just flabbergasted.
I mean, you know, I mean, this is really very serious.
Are you as flabbergasted as the President because they broke the story at all?
Oh, yes.
I've been listening.
I occasionally, when I really wanted to get angry, I'll turn over.
I was listening to a Russian involvement this morning.
Why, why, why?
Because unbelievable.
You know, what the lengths they go to.
And sometimes I, huh?
I'm right here.
Oh, sometimes I've had this vision that, you know, if we could just put our broadcasters
and our politicians on the wide detector and see if they would sit there and...
You're going to have to see.
I would love to see what, you know, in order to run for office or in order to
broadcast over the air, you'd have to like take this wide detector test or something and see what these guys can do.
You know, they have, I've been doing a lot of online catalog shopping and they have these novelty things.
It's like a light detector that shocks you and it detects that you lie.
That's the kind of thing I would like them holding.
Oh, I would love that.
Oh, that would be great.
But yeah, yeah, I'll go on your side.
I haven't been up there in a couple days and see some of the articles that you've been posting up there.
But the question has been raised.
No one has any good answers.
Yeah, I haven't been able to have been able to watch news to see if anyone even seems like everyone's talking about the president.
Well, the big news isn't that.
No one's talking about New York Times, sitting on it for a year.
Here's the good news and you can read all about it is that people on both sides of the aisle.
Because, you know, there are the neocons and then there are the real Republicans and people that actually believe...
Even though their philosophies might be different from ours, there are people that still agree with their views.
There's a rule of law and doing things by the book and you have a lot of Republicans that are also demanding a lot of answers.
And there will be an investigation.
And the minimum I hope that this will help get us to win the OSIC elections and get Congress back.
Well, there might be an impeachment because of this.
You know, stay tuned.
Yeah.
This is Bill Legal and he's admitting to illegal acts.
And the thing about it is that, you know, everybody's saying, hey, it's illegal.
Please cite the law that says that you have the authority to do this and they can't.
Rush Limbaugh is saying that buys the law says it gives them 15 days after a declaration of war to be able to tap without getting a warrant or something like that.
But I'll get on there and read that sentence.
Sorry.
Not a good American citizen.
Sorry.
And then he says that the only, his last statement was that they're not tapping Americans.
They're tapping al Qaeda.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Not only are they tapping Americans, but again, they say, well, if you're only investigating American citizens of Arab descent that you feel might be sympathetic to the Muslim cause and everything, why don't you release the name so that we can verify that you're only monitoring people with some sort of an al-Qaeda connection?
And they say, no.
Right.
Right.
So, and there are people with security clearance who would be able to verify that, you know, there are members of Congress with security clearance that would be able to look at that list that are clear to do so without violating, you know, without violating the integrity of the security of the United States, but they won't let them see it either.
Right, right.
Well, okay, like we'll fit in.
Thanks.
Absolutely.
And then, finally, by 128-560-WQAN.
Awesome.
It's not too late to show your love for that special person in your life for this holiday season.
Sign for a $60,000 luxury card today, and we'll have it delivered right to your driveway with a big red bow on top when he gets home.
Read him with a knowing smile to show your love and care.
You bought a $60,000 card.
What are you f**king crazy?
We can't afford the one we got.
Are you out of your f**king mind?
Where's my card card?
Don't you pay.
Do you pay?
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
Pay.
You're f**king crazy.
Pay.
Are you out of here?
No, man.
Digital cable.
The whole McGillah, we already went through that yesterday.
So Todd Gellerer says that he's got a Sony Digital.
It's a DVD recorder that records everything off the TV just fine.
And we have the problem with the occasional VHS because the cassette tape.
Like the Sony ones or who?
universal that are not universal that apparently will not record. So making copies of tapes
which ain't the idea so much is just being able to record a TV show and hand it over
to a bud. And he said you use the re-writeable DVD so you can just record over one over and
over again. Well that's it. That's the deal. That's the way to go.
The thing to get by Sony, you don't remember the model number. It's got a G in there somewhere.
GRX 300. And they probably got eBay. How old is it? One or two years so they probably got
updated or newer versions of that or updated or I decided I'm gonna start making up words.
Listen wait, watch the one before I light. Oh like I remember. Yeah you know how much I smoke.
I don't know. But I keep watching the news especially when I have to wind up doing the show here
and like I don't know what happened in the English language. Like I guess there was a memo put out
that I didn't get where everyone just threw the language book out the window which just benefits us just fine.
I was all worried about using proper words for things using proper English proper grammar.
I don't have to. No you don't have to anymore because they're not doing it on any of the news shows
on any of the talk shows. You read stuff in the newspaper and like we're posting these stories.
People just their their language is like like what like what language are you speaking? QA hello.
Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey please name me dog. Hey please name your dad too. Hey listen.
Of La Sartura means the torture. I know man I've been saying that for months since the song came out.
You've got the third of all people. People ask me what it means when I say tortoise. Yeah.
But one of the best rock movies band movies the song remains the same. Okay. All right. That's about
and that the real. That's definitely. Yeah but it's like a real documentary. Well yeah I guess.
All right. That's what I was talking about. Like the guy called Streets of Fire. See that's a perv.
Then and Eddie and the cruisers these are the kinds of movies I'm talking about. Okay. All right.
Even though Streets of Fire was you know there was a band in it but it was other stuff going on.
Seriously a bad bad movie a ridiculous movie is like getting hit in the stomach over and over again.
Streets of Fire. It's like you you wonder if anybody making this movie was actually watching what was
going on while it was going on. Like did anybody not notice that this was really stupid that the
dialogue is stupid. The plot is completely ridiculous that no one here is acting good even the people
who are good actors and it's just nin I guess they weren't noticing speaking the high. How high must
they have been? Q.A.M. Hello. Whiston Churchill. What? Whiston Churchill. I think that's the guy that
normally calls up and says Hitler. For the holiday season he's going on the other side. Q.A.M. Hello.
Dialogist. Hello. All right. By the way last time that I was in the magic room over there one of
the sales guys forget his name. Oops. He said happy holidays to me. Oh well he got the memo.
Right. It's okay to say Merry Christmas to me. I'm saying Merry Christmas to the other goyum that I
really bad movie with a band is Chelsea in the pussycat. You know what? It's so bad I didn't even
bother to see it even though that's got those hot chicks in it. Yeah that one girl including
L'Ovario. L'Ovario won the Chelsea won't what's her name? Oh I forget. Well her real brother
there's been a pretty good hardcore punk band. Like he's losing in a really good hardcore punk band.
Called. I forget the name. You're just going to have to do a search play and he's acting pretty good.
All right. But hey George I was the one that called yesterday about the Sony music and they're
putting the stuff in your computer. Yeah. Pretty crazy stuff huh? Yeah I will not be buying
Sony music CDs. Yeah it's crazy. And one of the question I was having in a discussion with someone
not on your religious kick again today. I got out of my system pretty much I feel.
Well I always use you which is probably scary than it has to be in religious as my religious ammo.
But I had a discussion with someone about he believes in the debt penalty but is not for abortion.
And I want to know how it justifies that in the Bible.
How well it first of all it doesn't so there's nothing in the Bible about abortion and when you
look at like say the book of Joshua and all these other slaughter books and slaughter verses where
they tell you to make sure that you don't miss any babies you can see that there's no premium on
a children's life on a child's life in the Bible especially in the Old Testament so there
are there abortion thing they're not basing it on anything but it does say in the Old Testament
that the punishment for any number of crimes is death. So like if you take a life you have to
pay with your life kind of thing. Well not just that see. That's the fact that you was using and I
don't know enough about the Bible. First of all people will always misquote that an eye for an eye
and a tooth for a tooth that appears a couple three times in the Bible but it's never in reference
to murder and a lot of people think that it is Jesus actually condemns that.
When Jesus mentions it it's to it's to overturn it it's to discount it so if he's a Christian
you know you can go to Bible.com all right and then just type in the word I or I for I for an
eye things like that and read the New Testament versions of what Jesus says about that because it's
actually leading up to when he says turn the other cheek and all of these other things that all
these contradictions of the Old Testament he's using that he says you heard it said and I shall be
a tooth shall be for a tooth but I'm here to tell you and then he goes on to contradict it.
Okay so if he's a Christian he can't throw out eye for an eye to support anything because Jesus
was against it all right that's first of all and second of all the Bible don't say Jack about
abortion. So he was like a specific person that says if you commit like you know if you kill
someone that you have to pay for it like your punishment is like your life. Right but that's
whole testament and Jesus overturned that so. Okay. Even though he said that he was there that you
jot or one title shall be in danger of this and that so he contradicted himself a lot too.
Yes all right good luck to you. All right bye bye yeah the Christian just remember it just uh you
know I don't even I already told him I got it out of my system as long as it's death
as long as you can put someone to death it's good by the way I like the death penalty too
for what it's worth QI am hello QI am hello
okay hello hey George hey yeah listen I have a question for you um how do what's the program you
get when you get a download a uh an album that's like all MP3 and to divide it up so it's like track one
track two well there there are a few you can use sound forages a really good program we use it
here like time uses it for production you can do multi-track. What was that? Sound forage sound forage
sound like sound okay forage like the things that blacksmiths make horseshoes on. Okay sound forage
that's probably the best and easiest one although they're like like Roxio easy CD creator that has
a little bit of an editor in there not very fancy but you can use that to split tracks up it doesn't
have the ability to fade and sometimes when you split a track up especially if it's a CD that
where the one track you know flows into another one uh-huh you'll want to be able to fade one
track out and sound forage let's you do that. Oh cool all right thanks a lot. And also it
lets you fade tracks in which is equally important. Oh awesome George listen can I get one
shameless request in I mean that picture on my Christmas list if that the committee will consider
your request. What's that? The committee will submit or you will submit or will consider your
request. Okay cool go ahead submit it. I don't see the one with the rush link out with the tube.
I only caught like a tan that a few months ago and I've just died like finding here the whole thing.
I think it's clean. Okay cool. Now my Christmas was George Femme. From Domino for Biscum. Now I was
going to say real quick now that Todd's here I'm going to have him give you his update. Okay because
Joe I said we're trying to do it. George said we should have updates but I don't know how to
fake and funny and George didn't update so. I don't know what to say. One bright day in the
middle of the night two dead boys got up to fight back to back to face each other do their swords
and shatty feathers but that police and her annoying. Oh I'm going to do a whole update there.
Well we're going to break and he'll get the update. All right I think I should do the real deal
update. I think you should too. All right I tell you what maybe you should do during Howard's show.
Oh just the first one. I mean okay yeah that's it. Good battle right out of here. 18 till 2 on 560 QAM.
This is Rush Wimbaw. Civil of humanity. Talks show host.
Tenroyd suffer. Folks it over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush
to excellent supositories. Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotis you just look
for my picture of a box of supositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIV.
The obesity and broadcasting network. Did we ever get any church music in here? Remember how
we were talking a while back I got to get some uh something spiritual like church music organ
music in here. Never did do that. No you just always good when you're reading Bible passages to
have some kind of organ back in you up. 14 till 2 on QAM by the way. Matthew 538 I just wanted to
make sure that I got the quote right for that guy because you know I got it. What is it? What is
I got to read up is that what we have to do Josh? Read up that's right. I don't want to misquote
I especially don't want to misquote any red ink in the Bible. You got to be perfect.
Tood. You got to be perfect. Is that what you told me? That's right. Hold that thought. Hold that
statement. All right. There's no room. I got to be perfect. You do. That's the second time
you've been up in my head today. People are going to start to talk. Matthew 538 Jesus said,
you have heard it has been said an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth but I say unto you
that you resist not evil but whosoever shall smite the arm that I write cheek turn to him the
other also. And if any man will sue the at the law and take away thy coat let him have thy cloak
also. And whosoever shall come tell thee to go a mile go with him twain means double mark twain
all right. Give to him that asketh thee and for him that borrow of thee do not turn away. You have
heard it that you have heard it half thou said and said see this is why they made up a new revise
standard because all these half thou's are just way too thick. That thou shalt love thy neighbor
and hate thy enemy. But I say unto you love your enemies bless them that curse you and do good to
them that hate you. This is a message for Alpresidente as he wages his so-called war on terror which is
fake and he's not doing anything except increasing terrorism but nevertheless that maybe somebody should
read Jesus's words to him and this is how you deal with people who hate you and maybe there's
reason they hate you in the first place so it's not even go there girlfriend. Do good to them that
hate you and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you that you may be the children
of your father which is in heaven for he makeeth the sun to rise on the good and the evil and
sendeth the rain on the just and the unjust for is he if ye love them which love you and reward what
reward have ye do not even the publicans who the publicans the same and if ye salute your brethren
only what do ye more than others do not even the publicans so he's talking about like politicians I
guess publicans I better do some reading huh and what was that line that you laid on me right
before I started reading you got to be perfect be therefore perfect even as your father which
is in heaven is perfect and that's what Jesus had to say about an eye for an eye for that guy
to go back to his friend and throw that in his face. Tristans hate they hate a lot frequently and
often one of the things that they hate a lot is when you confront them with Jesus's words they
might be inspired to do violence against you for such an outrage QAAM hello hello hello
yeah nothing better to talk about the same crap every time you on the radio you never miss a show do you
yeah same garbage every day every day you never miss a show so so why do you listen every day if it's
the same crap you're not listening you're not listening I'm not buying buying you're a faggot
I'm not fat my fat now you're good to go I mean I got a little bit of a you know
spare tire thing going on here you don't know me as far as a faggot business boy if I was I wouldn't
be in the kind of jam I'm in there you know today but all these barnacles leech in my money and my
life blood away from me at least there's that you remember I made that statement once in a while
at least you gay guy you don't have to worry about bitches and the the guy called up said oh that's
where you're wrong sweetheart you've never met a bitch so you've met a gay bitch I guess that's
a good point but here's another thing so you don't have to worry about that whole odd G I knocked
out my boyfriend now what good know what I mean yeah at least that's safe is she gonna not
gonna make any babies that way QA him hello yeah yeah George yeah yeah that previous caller he was
on to something let's an all fairness you do you you do have a little ball spot going I saw you
the other day I talked about it on the air of the time you didn't see me I know I did you
started to say that you know you don't spray your ball spot I don't spray my ball spot what do you
like I'm a casual cat sprays my ball spot and I'm sure I am you know I don't need to have to be
laying down on the ground then George I just want to do extend seasons greetings and I hope that
when you do decide to come out you just share with everybody in the old lady don't get all
real me all happy right you got fantasies do you you've been
I'm your boy sir listen to your voice right listen to your
sir
yeah yeah yeah
maybe you did a QA hello hello yeah hey what's up so uh my name right now you are in the
right now uh cotton candy was a movie back in like the 80s awful it was about a band set probably
82 go up on to your lip the more stick go to the point where you probably too busy watching roller
boogie oh it was awful and uh one other thing uh I I had two prunes last night at 10 o'clock I
am still gassy I'm still breaking stinky twos all day it's great so if I go out there enjoy
the two prunes I'll do it I'd normally I'd strike up the band and play some sound effects for you
but those were the good old days QA hello hello hello yeah fat gay guy on the radio show
all these guy yeah right how many how many days out there are jealous of you George that's
why they keep on with you man it wouldn't be it's got a guy they saw my income versus
outgo lines uh they wouldn't be jealous I just wanted to that's what a while I'm getting out of here
stop Florida holiday look at you oh right for the holidays yeah unfortunately it's just for that
I know I'm not going to want to come back old I'm going back to my country Chicago I see
and uh yeah I'm looking forward to it getting out of here and I'm going to be leaving Thursday
I'll be listening to you hoping you my place and good uh some good stuff between 10 and 11 it'll
probably be fainting out at about 11 they'll be up there day telling them all right but thanks
a lot George appreciate the happy holidays try not to let you down but somehow I think we might
8 till 2 on 5 60 WQAM if there was a law would be against it
well don't rest new movie from the summer of 1963
if the story of two red shells you were called in the morning
we're all back up in the name and you'll never think what the saying of nature will be
hmm
oh
just
Every night, yeah, those two gay cowboys, boy toes,
In a small chat, came a boy out of her head,
But not that they're living well with that.
No, of course not.
Two till two, five sixty WQI and Howard, David coming up next,
Goldiat Four, Curtis, seven o'clock Ed Kaplan.
At ten, the replacements, I heard of that movie.
Did you ever see it, Josh?
Somebody, a fact-sting, you were moving about a band
with great music, the replacements?
Was it good?
Oh wait, I'm thinking of a different replacements then.
Okay, because the replacements I know is a Keanu Reeves football movie.
Alright.
Maybe we'll get a second opinion on that.
So I did some reading.
Not like our Christian fact checker said that I should,
and I looked up publicans.
Oh yeah, what do you got?
You run into a word, and knowing a publican was a tax collector
of sorts that worked for the occupying Roman forces in the Middle East at the time,
in the occupied territories.
Alright, and as such, they were hated by the locals.
Many of them were corrupt and despised and maligned.
And when you hear references to tax collectors or publicans in the Bible,
they're talking about them.
And Jesus was given a hard time by the Pharisees, the Sadducees,
because he actually associated with known publicans
and one of the apostles, Matthew specifically,
was a former publican before he gave up his job to follow Jesus there.
So you feel better now?
Well, I better.
A publican, you know, hated and maligned.
And these days we have Republicans.
Good people, solid people.
Well, got that turdburger Lindsey Graham anyway.
One of the stories that we posted yesterday,
it should be up there today, has excerpts of his appearance on Meet the Press
or whatever Sunday show he was on, where he was saying that he doesn't know
of any law that gives the president the authority to spy on his own people.
And then he expanded from there.
He just went on.
Read all about it on neo-rodgers.com. Vote on that poll.
Please get the hits for no other reason, because there's no other reason.
What do you believe about Jesus?
704 votes right now.
He existed but was not divine 229.
Don't care.
113 tied with.
Don't know.
113.
What the Bible says, I believe what the Bible says.
104 people, 14.7% of the audience say that.
I hate this poll 73.
He did not exist at all 41.
And he was several different people.
31 people say that.
It's 2 o'clock.
How are David next?
