Hello, or not pretty good on the uptake there, huh? Yeah, when he said, you know, the hair on the head business. Absolutely
Even the former broadcast of it all. Yeah, you're right about that
Big announcement today. We lost the dolphins. What was us? I've actually somebody's in here crying right now
I don't want to say that our operations manager and program director are emotional cripples
I don't want to rehash what happened here yesterday
I apologize to you for like leaving you hanging there because I know what was going on
Well, yes, what that makes two of us and
It was certainly unnecessary for that bizarre and ever with the behavior in their parts to take place
They're just lucky. I didn't get up and walk out. Yeah. I was I was sitting here watching
Yeah, Duff sitting in there monitoring your show and I'm yeah, I'm thinking of myself this is the most repulsive
Yeah, disgusting moment. Yeah, that will never happen again. It shouldn't. I mean if they can't trust you
Who can they trust? Yeah, well, so he can't trust me here is Johnny
Yeah
Well, if Gus for Watts coming in as the dolphins backup quarterback
I think that tells you everything you need to know about this come and see and I don't want to you know
Break the heart of that last guy to call you from Coco Beach
But if I were him I just keep walking straighties and they're saying and they're saying he's they took the deal here
Because he's gonna compete with field he yeah, it tells you what they think of field
Right, and so I'm thinking about the right things here
Here's a looking on the bright side of this thing with the dolphins going over there is 790
Is that everybody on this radio station now will feel 200% free to say whatever they want all
All your sports nerds out there including you and ripped the dolphins and asked deservedly so because if you thought last year was bad
Just wait
You know the one thing about Farat he said that he wanted to go someplace where he had a chance to compete and he has that opportunity here
Which he was denied by 31 other teams. That's all
Yeah, now don't start right off the bat. Well, I couldn't wait taking team shots unless of course you want to
I couldn't wait. Yeah, good
Anyway, I was hoping for uh, I hope you're at ease today and I'm so I'm completely at ease and they were reading ourselves of the disease and life goes on
You know, all right as it should be right. Well, if any nervous Nelly sitting in there
I'm gonna tell you something seriously if they had a group rate at a lobotomies man at that place
It'd be the number one customer on the list. I think if you had been here yesterday you might have walked out
Yeah, instead of anything I didn't see it. I'm glad I didn't see it
Yeah, I had to leave it was so only if you could have heard it if you could have heard what I heard it
Not what I was waiting to talk to you and all of a sudden you disappeared and there come the two of them and it's always in tandem
They're like joined at the hip those two, you know
I got you the operations manager and our junior program director joined at the hip
Well, I will say this our salesman where uh, what's his name? Stiffy?
Stiff. Yeah, yeah, the stiff he's uh, he don't like me now because I ripped him on a year
So he's not gonna come back and talk to me anymore
But I guess I must have embarrassed him yesterday because in the last 24 hours we got three new pieces of copy
Which is more than we've had in the last four years
Nice going there, Stiffy
I wonder where my new copy is I must be lost in the mail don't get carried away. We don't want to overdo it
I was one day at a time right one word at a time
Copy
Anyway, I won't lose too much money today. Please don't it's only Tuesday it's early in the week save the big plunge
Oh, yeah, all this and of course I bet everybody and their brothers bidding on the NIT
That's probably tastes a lot of heavy betting. I don't think so but tomorrow tomorrow
I'm doing my annual NCAA preview show. Yeah, I heard the promo for that and we got about 14 guys coming on for people who have
Office pools and whatnot just for great
You don't have to stock in coming on do you? No good?
I like the dollar
Oh no
Have a great day
Yeah, maybe
Hi
In the Banana Republic, Sammy only in Miami
Bye bye, Dauphin. Bye bye, Volody. I guess we're finally with a wing all together. All right
Rockmark's a face wing to life to receive
Volody in wind
No one's ever seen there on the ground. That's where they'll stay there never in control
And when you say Miami you're talking toilet folders there that Miami Dauphin
Miami Dauphin
Miami Dauphin's number how many teams in a week?
I'm not sure, man. Miami Dauphin
Miami Dauphin
Don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
Bend day in their jocks then they would run much faster and even in
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami
They're the Miami Dauphin
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's number how many teams in a week?
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans
Just 50,000
Sitting in the standers
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch
I wonder how joe robby got the piece of
Emerge and they're the Miami Dauphin
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's number how many teams in a week?
I'm not even sure
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have their feet worth that quarter facts that you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
All he'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain size in there
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's number how many teams in a week?
I hear the crowd
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew
The dolphins have no deep fence and their offences at jokes
Like George Bush heeding pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
Tell always just the point you win there in a playoff race
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on hyzinga's a dweeper
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's number
All what the hell
32
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
Miami Dauphin's
Now they're through
A night out there
There's great work
10-06-5-60 WDQ and happy Tuesday to you
Before we talk about that Dauphin thing which is official today
We all knew about it and I'm telling that a long time ago that we'll be like that
But the big story of the week is a fat boy
He's still alive
Now we talked yesterday about the fact that they brought in all those crispy cream donuts
There were like boxes and boxes and boxes
Josh Cord is straight to 10
He ate 10 out of the 12 in one box
Which is why he's not here today
Places on jury duty again
I'll teach you to vote smart ass sugar shop
But fat boy
We have it on very good authority from no less than the Carmelito
A lot of her name is
Hiya, Tawi
Fat boy ate three boxes of a crispy cream donuts yesterday
Count them that sounds like 36 to me
Does the term
Death Wish
Start rolling around in your mind
Rolling
Hiya, Tawi
Yeah, rolling around on the floor
How can anybody?
I mean I love crispy cream
I can't eat less than three
I might maybe could eat five or six on a really desperate day
Like yesterday I would have probably eaten five or six
With all that aggravation that was posted by our
Operations Manager and Program Director
And our corporate legal
Corporate legal
Joyce
But other than that
Are you there there has to be something desperately wrong
For anybody to eat like three boxes of crispy cream donuts
I mean
Death Wish
Hiya, Tawi
Wrong with that
And of course we have the greatest sympathy for that
Don't we?
No
Yeah
Anyway, radio station
Waxy 790 becomes the new home of the dolphins today
All right
Good
Maybe now we can concentrate on selling the
Meat and potatoes in the bread and butter of their station
And quit with
You know we had the same thing at IOD member those days
Instead of concentrating on selling the talent
Especially when we had the great lineup when Phil was
Had his head on straight and we had all the good stuff going
Instead of that it was always hurricanes
And adoptions
Doffing
And they were selling all this super solace crap
And a post game and a pre game
And then between game and the four hour pre game
All this other garbage
You know I was always anything except those of us who were on the air
Who were supposed to be like the meat and potatoes of the station
And don't forget on the programming side
It like took 10 people for all the different this one and that one
Oh I have absolutely no question about it
Absolutely
Must have networking on all that
But anyway so
Bye-bye to the dolphins man
Is Wayne finally gets even with us
That'll teach us a lesson or two
We need like a hole in the head
The team and the station announced a new
Relent partnership
Which has been expected for several months now
Joe Rose this morning show this morning
On Waxy 790
Let me say it again
Joe Rose before they announced that was all they had
And he's still all they got
Waxy will replace WQAM as the flagship station of the team
The flagship station
The next step will be choosing the announcers
How are David and Jim managed to the games on QM rights
The Unchist Jim Sarni this morning
David will not be back
I don't know
I'm going to go on the air not only ripped the dolphin organization and asked
And they can go back to tell us how he's really a jazz fan
Which he uh that sure you're correct
Okay
I can't wait for that announcement at two
I'll be glued to the radio
Uh man is his fate is not been resolved though it's this
See if they were smart if they had any brains at all
The dolphin organization which I'm sure they don't
Look what they've done with the with the franchise
But they would keep him around
Because mad dog is like the signature voice of the dolphin broadcast
Even though he's only the color analyst but nevertheless
He recently signed a five year deal to do in afternoon show on QAM
And believe me me he's probably having second thoughts like some of the rest of us
And as two years left on his contract with the dolphins
So if he does the games he gets paid and if he doesn't do the games he gets paid
That's the kind of deal I like a lot
Name is being mentioned as possible replacements for Moe and or the mad dog
John Boob Shamby former Marlins announcer as a show on 790
The Booster
I don't know if we ever heard him do football again
I have not no I mean he's he's read on baseball and maybe he would be real good on it
I don't know I'm I certainly wouldn't pass judgment prematurely
Uh Boob's a good good play by play guy although it's a lot different doing baseball than football
But nevertheless Jimmy Cifilis former dolphin is now the sports canker at channel 10
And his weekend show on 790 I'm sure they must be talking about the color
Analyst for that certainly not play by play Jimmy Cifilis now the chance
And Mark Vandermeer now that would be a good choice
From where you and football announcer who's the voice of Houston Texans mark is excellent
But why would he leave Houston an outstanding franchise like that to come to a toilet
Dragging team like the dolphins right right right. I mean Houston. You know, they're they're a new team
And they got the good young team and every now and then they win a game upset somebody that they
Oh, whatever but the dolphins of course are going in the wrong direction. We know that
I mean any team that signs best for rot is their backup quarterback
And then you find out he's not only going to be the backup back challenging for the starting roll behind
AJ touchy feely who's already shown us his
Forplexing and perpetually injured modus operandas. Uh, what can I tell you?
So that's the deal five by dolphin somehow will survive. You know all of these things
We've survived all this time and I guess some hobbles with again. Now what did I do with the pool from yesterday?
Here it is
If Hillary and condoliza were the candidates for president in 2008 who would you vote for Hillary?
We had 17 number 51 vote Hillary a
1334 I leave the country 382 condoliza
196 and I wouldn't vote 139 out of 17 number 51
So Hillary spiced condoliza in his crowd. It's like about the same as it was on the
On the slot thing, you know, and it's well, but uh, and that's our audience
And either audience doesn't really bother voting or else they're just totally non-represented
We have the cream of the crop and the rest of the people out there just we got the creak crop and they got the crap the rest of them
But anyway speaking of crap we got a little Kim on our beaded curtain today
We apologize profusely for that. I have no idea why George was compelled to put that on there
But because she can't make it in favor. Oh, I see. I make it in famous. Not all looking all that great
Not any of it for my personal opinion if you don't know a little Kim then we can't but you up a little okay
Even I know that she's not done any official nudity. This is unofficial nudity. So there's no extra choice
Anyway, zest body wash. That's what I wanted to be sure mentioned today
Even Josh Cordis who's on jury duty again today. I hope don't let me forget tomorrow to bust his balls about that when he comes back
Okay, even he went out and got some body wash
We thought he was not the unmannedly thing to do and the zest I saw a spot last night for zest body wash
And of course I can't think there other than what's the one that's like Thomas lava nobody who has lava
It's like we're trying to take a shower with a body wash. I'd use it
But zest has made a whole bunch of different flavors of body wash
So if that's the case all you guys out there who are really uptight nervous about that in fact look at this new pull
We're doing although body washes at the bottom of the list say real men aren't that insecure
Soap is passé. Soap is old soap is ancient soap is like
Washing with a lard, you know, it's smarmy man lard. It is if it's nasty
But body wash it's it's in the bottle. It's in there and you squeeze when it out you squeeze it out
And then you should go or he and you stand out of that shower and you wash it off
And I remember one judge said that he got out of the shower felt like it was still on him. Yeah, I guess he forgot to turn the water on was the problem
That boy's got problems. But anyways zest body. What now? What did you tell me? He got a devious or something?
I think it's very masculine. Yeah, definitely very insecure that time that very you kept me
And of course Miguel was sitting in his seat today
He definitely would not use body wash. He still likes the hair on the soap. Oh, no, he's Cuban. Oh, that must be it
That's right. He's got to prove his much. He's motor the entire world
So he definitely still a soap man and likes to drop it on it. No, you miss the point Cuban swear all kinds of food fruit
Fruit stuff and how to problem with that you know, I see clothes
No, you know you but he doesn't use body wash. We already been through that with him, right? I got a bottle of the veil actually
In three samples the old man. It's all right old spice. Yes. Oh man. That's for old men
Right 1014 at 560 WQM
I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelli and of the main man by now to sevenths capital mortgage
So before you call any other mortgage company let the main man tell you what you don't know
Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products?
And if your credit's less than absolutely perfect
You're waiting to hear the most famous two-letter word in the English language
No, that's the word if you're not working with the right lender the chances for getting approved are 50 50 at best
So do yourself a favor call now one triple eight four eight three alone
That's one triple eight four eight three loan let the main man in this team put you in a mortgage that meets your needs
Avoid going to the wrong lender or possibly being turned down because you call the wrong number call the main man
It acceptance capital mortgage at one triple eight four eight three loan. That's eight eight eight four eight three loan
And every time they close a loan of forces donated to kids in distress
So why call anybody else? What's not to like avoid the bait and switch call Anthony Kelli into the main man two day one eight eight eight four eight three loan
Holy
Oh
Bar with
We're back in the private room
What the hell?
Dog!
Dog!
Dog!
That's that dog!
Take your clothes off, she is fit!
I'm gonna hold it down, and then I can shoot her face
Take it up a big roll with all of this fat
You don't think I'm a fat little kid, she can't wear it fat
I'm gonna hang out
I'm gonna hang out
I'm gonna hang out
That's that dog!
That dog is kinda moving fat guys
She ain't no other way to hold it dry
That's the shit she's shouting at us
We need to skip one of the towers
Dog!
Dog!
Dog!
That's the dog!
Craig!
Craig!
Craig!
Craig!
So, back boy, eat three boxes, that's three dozen crispy cream donuts here today
And the best part of the deal is he's still alive, is he in the building?
He actually shot today?
I spoke to him this morning over the little fella, so I guess he's in the building
So he's actually back there in sales?
Man, how can he move?
How could you possibly even move?
Practice, he's got practice
Here is the uphold today, what's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your car or your house?
And so far we got to, well let's take a look at the boats we got
I like putting these up early around 8 o'clock, 8-ish
190 boats, and the reason we don't have more than that boat is because there's a whole lot more choices on there
than I'm sure we'll hear from the audience today
Blow up to all 76, butt plug 55, 0.23, car air freshener 14
Now we're talking about those little trees, little evergreen trees that you hang around
I think that could apply to the crown also
The crown?
The crown, you haven't seen the crown?
No, it's popular amongst the brothers
Is it really?
Yeah
Now what about that liquid cherry?
Likewise
Oh, anyway, car air freshener 15, I mean that's just my spouse, 13
Now that was George's pick and for quite a while there was only one, but then a lot of other guys decided
Yeah, or our women I guess, but probably mostly guys
13, so that's pretty embarrassing
And body washes in last place, thank the Lord, thank God
Thank God for spreading the word, I only got 10
I don't think I'm really spreading the word, I think everybody in their brother realizes that soap is past say
And when even being soap makers like Zestid, and I love Zest's soap, that's one of the ones I used for years
What's not to like?
That's just good, I just like safeguards
But now that Zest is making body wash, even the most manly men can use it and feel very, very safe
So that's our choice for that stuff for the pool so far
Bad news from Baghdad again, but just very quickly because I know you're burned out just like the city
A child was killed at least four people seriously injured today when a suicide bomber detonated a vehicle in Baghdad
The bomber also died in the attack
Also, a US Marine was killed in combat yesterday in Western Iraq's Ann Bar province
And yesterday there were five people killed in three different suicide bombings in Baghdad
But other than that, everything is just as Okidoki is Bob Sheeper, which is a weird fight
Last night speaking of Bob Sheeper, I'm done with the CBS TV news
All new people at the CBS Bureau on Miami, bye-bye, nice knowing you
And I don't care Mike Walker from the inquire, I can write all the trash he wants about Dan Rather
I really don't care, I like Dan Rather and I don't care what anybody else says
I watch Dan Rather for years just like I had watched Walter Cronkite for years
I like CBS news, period
But not no more, but after two nights of Bob Sheeper and that Okidoki line and his other
Okidoki and Okidoki and Senator the Okifin Okiswap, that's a good place for him
What a Yahoo man, God!
Plus a good personal friend of the Bush family so I certainly am not going to watch him
I'm not going to watch Brian Williams on NBC because he's a personal buddy of Rush and a regular caller on the Fathas Limbaugh Pillpop in show
So that leaves me with what you said yesterday and I hate to break the news to you but that man can barely speak anymore Peter Jennings
Yeah, I know, but whatever
No, no, seriously, he, he, I don't know how old he is whether he's like 60 or something or what his age is
But he's like about 95, he can barely speak, he's like from them to the stories
I don't know maybe he's got a bad cold or something, I don't know what his deal is right now
I think he's putting himself to sleep
Is that what it is?
Well he's Canadian, eh?
But I watched that last night for about 10 minutes and I thought to myself I've got a real dilemma here now
What, what do I do at 630?
Who do I watch?
What's the story?
They all suck
Yeah, I mean, of the news deliverers I will grant you Brian Williams even though he's got that funny nose
It's kind of like out of joint ear off to the side, kind of like AJ Touchy Feeling
But he's certainly by far and away the most articulate
I mean Peter Jennings is like a dotting old fool now, I couldn't believe it because I haven't seen him in years and thankfully
And she for of course, Okie Dokie
So, no, no, sir, somehow I just can't imagine Walter Cronkite getting a report from some news reporter from Daniel
Sure out in the field and coming back saying, oh thanks Dan, Okie Dokie
Can you imagine Walter saying that or Dan rather even Dan with all his ratherism?
Somehow I can't imagine John Cameron Swazie or Douglas Edwards saying Okie Dokie
But then again, maybe America likes Okie, we'll see
WDQ-YM, hello
Hey, good morning, Neil, how you doing?
When is the, it's good
When is the, hang on, let me turn you down so I don't have an interfering signal
Ok, yes
There's a couple of things I want to talk to you about
And there was one thing I want to mention last because it's probably going to make you angry
Really?
Yeah, oh yeah
And that good old Miami Hate
First off, Barbara Hale was the name of Delas Street, that's the moment
Right, that's the actress who played Delas Street on Fermatian, absolutely right
And of course, don't forget Raymond Burr with you, just in case Moe's listening, which I'm sure he is, yes
Yeah, big deal
And I want to make a comment about a signature voice
Ken Maulden to me is a signature voice
Right, I love Ken Maulden, he's one of the fine people in the world
When I first came down here back in the 70s, that was the first voice I heard and I said
It's a good town if they got a voice on the air like that of course, then I switched to some other stations and well
There you go
Yeah, doesn't the CBC on CFPB Channel 9 have their own version of the Nightly News
You know, so that you could watch that instead of having to see
Well, I do watch, well, I got the CBC right here, I got the all different, huh?
Yeah, you got CBLT Channel today, the day of Band M9 and they did unfortunately in late April, early May
Yeah, but the CBC News number one is almost all Canadian oriented, which let's face it, I'm not talking about Canada
Number two, it's very, it's so dry that you can almost like start gagging, you know what I mean?
I understand, it's about as exciting as listening to someone reach author
Right
Hi, Georgia, the other thing I wanted to get to that, that's got to make me very angry, yes?
No, no, no, I want to, yeah, Jeff, I've seen Jeff high and clearly, clearly there's something wrong there
So what am I going to be angry about that?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I wanted to ask you, isn't a part where I'm getting closer to the Joyce comment I want to make
That's what I know is going to make you so upset
Oh, I see, I'm leading up to that
Let's get to it
Okay, isn't a fart just a rectal belch?
Yeah
Alright, so what's that going to make me angry about?
Well, I'll cut to the chase this morning when you were doing the change over with Hank, something was said that was, I think about Mo
And you guys got, that's number one, there's two
You guys got dumped because the middle of the door he came in and you guys were both laughing and I could tell it was clipped
Well, who dumped that?
I don't know, I don't, did you say something about Mo?
No, I was talking about Dick Stockton and Hank, he fell into the way I, he stumbled on his toe on that, but anyway
Yeah, no, there was somebody else that was mentioned and...
You were so old, I admit, you didn't hear Dick Stockton's name?
I don't think I heard it
Then that would be what got dumped
Okay, that's why I have an idea who dumped it though, that would be interesting to find out
The other interesting thing was at 1021, you were down for about 15 seconds now, you were not off the air
Yeah
There was a solid carrier, but there was no sound and you were going down the stuff over the pole, so I don't know what was...
Oh, then, well that's part for the chorus, I'm not angry about that, listen as long as I get paid, I don't care about that
Have a great day, Pally
See you, Pally
Say hi to Jeff High
27 out of 10, boy, that guy, he must keep a log at 1021, you did this in a 957, now who would have dumped that on, I guess his board off, huh?
I guess, so it was an accident?
No, well, what he knew was an accident, but nobody got hurt?
Right
Oh, God
No, nobody watched it
I have this fact that you just sent me, I want Miguel to do something right now, I realize it's a little bit too much like work, I want you to get up and walk out of the hallway, I want you to look into the other studio where anybody would be monitoring dump buttons, I want you to come back and give us a report what's going on
They're not doing anything over there
You're positive of that
Beacons in here, yes, positive
You're sure of that?
Because I wouldn't want to think that anybody a QM would lie to me, because that would be very much... I'm sure that Greg wouldn't approve of that
Is there recording something in there?
Yes, that's why
There why?
In other words, in switching around to whatever they needed to do, they must have knocked us off for a few seconds
And the only reason I was a little bit suspect there is because there are some things on the pool today which aren't even close to FCC guidelines, I mean, but plug is just a device
You know, it's what you do with it, that's an reassuring report
But you're a Louisiana, but we can still say that
Well, anyway, Rick Faxon says they're doing it to you again when you're reading the results of the pool, the first half of the pool was dumped out and we had 20 seconds of silence
So in other words, somebody we had a technical, although I am wondering who's the one who dumped what Hans said there, because that was very funny there at the end and there was really nothing wrong with it
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't
Oh, you didn't hear it either?
No
No, we heard everything, but which part do you mean? It was all fine
Well, I was talking about Dick Stockton
We heard it
I'm not going to repeat it, I'm going to, you know, well
Anyway, it says what the F is going on, are they going to treat you like Howard Stern and dump you all the time?
Well, I have a very good authority from them from all the powers that be, not that they would lie of course
But that's done, that was a one day disaster and will not be done again
They've already declared all of our show so much anyway, there's really not much left to a worry about
There ain't nothing to worry about
And we'll deal with the other part of it in court where it should have been dealt with a long time ago
234 votes on the pool, what's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your car or house?
That's the pool today, if you're missed they hear it
Now I'm not sure that they were talking about the Hillary kind of Lisa pool got the bleeped or what?
I don't know
But you tell me that it wasn't a bleep it was like somebody hit the wrong button and they're knocked the software for 20 seconds
That's my thing
Which sounds more likely
Anyway, here's what we got so far embarrassing in your car or house, a blow up doll 92
But plus 75, Dillro 31, car air fresher 17, my spouse 16 or body wash only 10
Still only 10 in last place, and I'm sure we can add lots and lots of wonderful things to that
My spouse 16, but that's banned
Somebody QAAM, hello
Yeah, Miguel?
Yeah
Hey, it's Winnie
Hey, what are you doing?
Okay, listen, I heard it was a dick stop that coming
What are you on here?
What are you on here?
You know, at first I just had a dog up in the back of you idiot, you pony-tailed clown
It's not Miguel
Hello
What happened to him?
We're not having a nut
Why aren't you speaking to me?
I'm speaking to you
Don't worry then, why do you keep saying hello like you're some kind of a moron?
I'm going to be a person like dog with a lot of my kids
I said, kill a dog, okay?
Kill that damn dog, what kind of a dog is it?
It's a nut
Well, what's it said to me?
I think we said it was a bandit out in the Redland area
Well, isn't that cute?
You're not talking to Miguel, I mean for quite a lot, what's wrong with you, man?
I sounded like you, I sounded like you
Give me the atmosphere, what were you just telling me?
I heard the dick stocking car was driving back there
I heard the talk about dick stocking, I heard the stocking's name, so I don't know what those other people were saying
Everybody's trying to stir the pot today
These are probably people from 790
They're all as swelled up with pride, they got the dolphin
They got a horse ball team under station
They're all whipped up into a frenzy
Right, right
Yeah, definitely, I'm a build fan, that doesn't matter
And I'm a pay-pick-up fan, so like I said, it's really dolphins, you know?
Oh, oh, oh
My dog's not a dolphin fan either
Yeah, good, he's a little high rate
Well, sounds like you're barking up the wrong tree
Have a great day, Woody
By the way, the buffalo is the armpit of the universe, believe me
Like today, it's sunny here, they probably got three feet of snow in buffalo with sunny and beautiful here
So, just for that
I definitely, definitely, but they got great feet for that
Well, I'm real happy for you
Have a great day, see you on what he said good-bye
Take care of my life
Oh, that was good, wouldn't it?
What the hell was that all of a sudden?
Oh, let's go home, let's call it man
How can you top that?
Then when he started saying hello, hello
We have a little communication problem here at WQM
In case you have a notice, folks
Let's get some more things for this poll here, huh?
The most embarrassing thing you can have in your car or house, besides Woody Graber's dog
WQM, hello
Uncle Leo
Yes sir
Good morning, how are you?
I'm great
That's wonderful, you're on comments out of the 40 thing
I love Richard, went out loud and clear
No, that's not what it was said, that's not the answer
I know that's not what it was
That's okay, so nobody did dump that thing, I just made that up
Okay, we got some trouble makers out there looking to stir the pot
Okay, what's the one obscured by the dodo dodo dodo dodo?
That's it, I'm out of material
Thanks for the good news, pal
567-0560, pound 560 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line
Seems to me like this audience is obsessed with the big stockton
WQM, hello
Yes, I like one number one supersized with Coke
WQM, hello
Hi, I like to be for the poll
Yes sir
An AT track player
What?
An AT track player, okay, AT track player
I've actually done too many of those saying it around
Although we would like to hear a player
And this time I'm in for love on an AT track
I had that once upon a time, really
Wow, yeah, aren't you impressed?
I had yellow on an AT track
Oh, well that's much better than player
That's much better than player
Well, they had a couple of songs, they had one song I liked
Okay, and right away I got to pay a wicked penalty for that
Oh, you're tasting music, man
It's so bad, you and I crack you up
Let's look up the player
What's that?
Actually, this is a group called B3 from Germany
And it's a, all of their, uh, Julio is from Spain
I'm sure
And it's called IO IO
I, oh, yeah, that's what it's called
And they can't sing at all
But for a couple of them look pretty good
So I'm sure that they'd be very big in South Florida
But you'll never hear it because who the hell would play it
Do you understand?
Nobody would play it
That's unfortunate
Because they would be humongous in South Florida
Believe you me, especially in dead county
They'd be big, huge
But, and maybe they do play them
I don't know, we don't listen to that
That's the Gucci, Gucci stuff they play
Who knows what they're playing
I don't know
Somebody's listening, a lot of them
20 me 4, 11 at 5, 60 me
We got Mohawar David
Mad Dog at 4, 7 o'clock
Yeah, UN South Carolina, NIT basketball, man
The NIT, that's the big time
And it, oh yeah
NK after the basketball game
That's our lineup, our award winning lineup
And we just continue showing up against all odds
Here at QAM
And now that we lost the dolphins, man
How are we gonna, how do we continue?
How are we gonna be able to be up and owning?
Man, you know, even after all this time
After I've told you a zillion times, some people still think
It's just a little pqier to buy a bet over the phone
When you call this number 1-800 mattress
The number for dial amateurs
You'll find out for yourself
You've got the most liberal exchange policy
So there's absolutely nothing to risk
That you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else in industry
So once you try it, I'll guarantee it
I'll bet you're a pair of his life on it
You'll never go back to a showroom again
And by the way, speaking of losing the dolphins
What's a pair you're gonna do now, huh?
Panthers don't exist?
I don't know
We don't got the heat
I mean, he's gotta be Mr. Marlon, I guess, huh?
Anyway, dial amateurs will get no nonsense
No run-arounds, no showrooms, shenanigans
Just factory direct prices
And the best brands you know trust and love
When you call 1-800 mattress
You'll be calling the company right number 1
NUMORO UNO
And customer satisfaction
They carry all the big names
And the business they got
Seely, Serta, King Coral, Simmons, Teperpedic, Anne, Sterns, and Foster Hewitt
Nine-Ballam actress offers no payments or interest till 2006 too
So it's an unbeatable combination all the way around
Call the Alam actress today for all the tales told free 1-800 mattress
Yours truly, along with Moe, Jorge, Miguel, Fatboy, and lots of others at QM
I'll satisfy customers with Alam actress for a long time
Call them now or log on to their website, mattress.com
To guarantee yourself the best they've ever had for years to come
1-800-MATTR-E-L
1-800-MATTR-E-L
Rogers, X, Lusica, and Y-60
I was a kid
Oh my friend, just to come on over to my place
Because they knew my mom had been down to Windixie
She'd always have something good to eat
For all of us
There one day my sister found his dog running through the store
Called it, and he guessed it, Windix
Nowadays though, things are getting tough
Ever since Windixie declared bankruptcy, it's been slim-picking for her
Good thing Mama went belly at the pool Windixie dear, it would have killed her
But everybody still comes over to my place
And all over, the cupboards getting bare, we can always look up something good
Windix, come here
It's your real tender, aren't you?
I'll show you something I learned in Korea
Have anybody complained about hair in their food?
Well, just blame it on Windix
When we the first time I guarantee that
14-4-11-5-60 WQM
Here's a fantasy letter it says
From Greg Reade
Formerly the broadcast station of the Miami Dolphins WQM
From the desk of Greg Reade General Manager to all staff
Again, this is a fantasy letter
As you all know by now WQM has lost the rights to broadcast the Miami Dolphins
This decision should in no way be a reflection of the way I have managed the station
My daily attention to detail and my open management styles
Always put a smile in your faces as has my cheerful disposition
In lieu of the unforeseen decision of the Dolphins organization
The following employees should immediately start looking for another job
Josh Dero, Dufflin Z, Curtis Raymond, Gary Sarner, Todd Greck, Jeff High, Troisdrat for George Corso
How are you David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and David and
and David and David van Vovsage
John David Lango
John David Lango
My spouse 18, bodywashed 12, and the ATRAC clear one.
I got to call it in obviously.
WCWAM, hello.
The Roger the God.
How are you?
Okay.
Hey, I was thinking I heard the caller with the dog and that maybe think one for the
poll.
Yes, sir.
A little toy dog where they'd be a little poodle or a little chihuahua.
Got the guys over for the game and a little thing won't quit y'all.
Right.
That's a toy dog.
He's good.
I like that.
All right.
Thanks, Kelly.
Yeah.
And some people put those little toy dogs on the back of their, the back inside the
rear window at a car.
Oh, man, the bubble head dog.
Oh, gee, that is so tacky, so red, Nicky, so sad.
First of all, it's also against the law, by the way.
Is it really?
Yes, it is.
I'm putting any, putting any object in your front window or rear window in the bed.
In any way, block portion of your view is illegal, but nothing to anybody ever gets
ticketed for that.
I never heard a such thing.
But, they all come to QAM.
Hello.
Oh, cute.
I mean, come on.
I mean, come on, you back.
Okay, come me back or not.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you happen to see the God Squad without a full effect on the chat shows last
night, divine intervention.
That's what I'm saying.
Oh, and no question about them, and CNN even had to go on the bottom of the screen.
They're the big thing.
The power of prayer.
And now this whole thing, then come to find out that this Ashley Smith, her background,
she was a real slime ball.
Yeah, well, you know what they didn't bring that up, but the nut case lunatic Bible
bumper that killed all the people in the church, but got a lot of people doing that.
They're not talking about that story at all.
For whatever reason, then, I guess we know what the reason is.
But in this case, we got a wonderful story because she was a slime ball teenager, but
then she found God.
And then this guy just, this brand, it was just having to wander into her and then the
apartment and she turned them on to God and they yaddy-addy.
And all that stuff.
Yeah, it kind of curious in that he happened on her.
And he happened to go to that house and heard that will all come out too later.
I think he was doing that.
He's the divine intervention.
That's right.
The divine intervention is absolutely correct.
And the Lord had that road map in his head.
All the wacko pastors and priests, they're all alone.
Yeah.
And he was reading this top one, number one selling book by this pastor with a flower shirt
that gets 80,000 people a week in California.
It's just pathetic.
It makes me a little far.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good point.
Just like last night, I saw biography, the Abel Lagosi biography, which was great.
And just before that, I'm just channel surfing.
There's nothing on.
I got 700 freaking channels on here.
There's nothing on.
And so I watched 7th Heaven.
Not that it's a good show.
It's an awful show.
I mean, even family was a fabulous show compared to this and family was corny.
But I watched it because there's some hot people on there.
Definitely could be.
But anyway, so now you watch that show?
Just for her.
Did you see it last night?
No, I haven't seen it.
Okay.
So the young daughter, I don't know what her name is, but she's cute.
Anyway, she's a candidate.
And so she picks out this one kid in school of Victor.
He was cute.
And anyway, so finally, she makes a deal with her brother, who she thinks the brother
was shocked up with some.
He's living in the garage or something with his own apartment.
And he made it look like he was just spent the night with some other chick.
So anyway, to make a long story short, she blackmails him and she won't tell anybody
as long as he gets hooked up with Victor.
So finally, Victor calls the daddy, which is you know, the daddy in that story is a minister.
Even though there's all this hanky-panky going on and everybody as his horny is can be,
and the hormones are raging on that show, but daddy's a minister.
Even daddy is horny, to as a matter of fact.
But anyway, so the kid calls up and daddy invites him over to talk about whatever his
problems are.
And the problem is that the parents, the kids' parents want him to go to church and
he's never gone.
Now in the real world, a real person would have said to the kid, but you know something,
if you don't believe in his crap and you don't want to go, no problem, you can still
be a good person without going to do it.
But of course that doesn't happen because on television, even on the WB, that can't
put, isn't that WB or whichever one it is, whichever.
That can't happen though, inconceivable.
Right.
You've got to go to church to be and find God in order to be a good person and to find the
answers to life and all of this other bull crap.
You've got to be one of our customers.
And so as a result, Victor says, oh yeah, I'll go to church.
And he kisses his young daughter and that's it on the cheek and bye-bye.
By the way, speaking to kissing on the cheek, the FCC yesterday rejected complaints alleging
that affiliates of the ABC Television Network broadcast in decent material.
Oh, some a high act.
Now what movie was she in?
A minute, a few.
Now, why does that come to my mind because there was an interview with her last night?
She was in 54 with Ryan Philippe.
Oh, you saw that movie?
Yes.
That was pretty bad movie.
Yay.
It was.
Come on.
Yes, you're right.
Well, of course it was because Steve, almost like I wrote Bell, was that his name?
He was the founder of the partner.
He was the partner.
That was Mike Myers in the movie.
Right.
It was a horrible movie.
And I liked it because Ryan Philippe was right around naked, the whole movie and Miguel
liked it because Salma Hayek was in.
Yes.
He was at El Rey del Aerys.
Huh?
And the old lady was hilarious.
Now the old lady was great.
And then of course the bad part of it is he croaked.
Oh, I shouldn't have told him that.
Oh, you know.
You know, well, of course that was a true story.
I don't know if that's true or not.
Is that part true?
Do we know?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, she was popping a few too many pills.
That was the problem.
Of course, everybody knew it was popping something.
Wonder if Rush ever went to a studio 54 before his time, I guess.
The FCC yesterday rejected complaints alleging that affiliates of the ABC television
network broadcast and decent material last year, prior to a Monday Night Football
telecast, the fact that they were even considering this, the fact that there was even a minor
stimulus about that episode indicates how far down the food chain America has come.
I feel so bad for you.
The segment featured a steamy encounter between Eagles-wide receiver Tyrell O'Hones and
actress Nicola Sheridan from ABC's Desperate Housewives.
That's Nicola Sheridan who used to be on Ots Landing with Pat Peterson.
The commission concluded in a memorandum opinion and ordered that the episode broadcasted
9 p.m. was not sufficiently explicit or graphic to be deemed indecent.
During the scene, O'Hones who was suited up for the game is a lone and locker room with
Sheridan who was clad only in a towel.
Oh, the FCC described the scene as follows.
After he rebuffs her advances, telling her that the game is about to start and that
his team needs him, she drops her towel.
The camera shows her from the back nude from the waist up.
The viewer cannot see her body below the waist.
He responds, all hell, the team is going to win.
We have to win without me.
And then she leaps into his arms.
The scene concludes with two other characters from Desperate Housewives watching the locker room
encounter on their TV who remarked how desperate Sheridan appears and then changed the channel
to the game, repeating the traditional Monday Night Football introduction, are you ready
for some football?
The game broadcasts and commences.
Though federal courts at Opel Congress's authority to regulate the hearing of indecent
speech, the first amendment is a critical constitutional limitation that depends that demands
that in decency determinations we proceed cautiously and with appropriate restraint the agency
said, oh, when's that going to start?
Right, we proceed cautiously.
The commissioners concluded that the material was not patently offensive and thus not
indecent.
The Monday Night Football segment, although sexually suggestive, is not graphic or explicit,
as the order said.
Except for a moment when her back is exposed to camera, Sheridan and Owens were fully
clothed throughout its end.
Although the scene apparently is intended to be titillating, it simply is not graphic or
explicit enough to be indecent under our standard.
The order was signed by FCC Secretary Marlene H. Dorch.
Dorch, she's sitting out on a porch in a rock and chair.
After the segment air, the FCC received many complaints, alleging that it contained indecent
material agency said in news release, as spokeswoman on Monday said, they would not devolve
how many complaints they received.
I would think,
but third, man,
coughs.
Oh, you're generous.
Yeah, probably about two.
Despite the FCC decision commissioner Michael J. Cops chasing the network anyway in a separate
statement, oh, yeah, at a time when recent surveys show that substantial majority of parents
are very concerned that children are being exposed to too much inappropriate content.
No, that I would hope that television broadcasters go the extra mile in exercising self-discipline
when airing or promoting programming that may not be appropriate for younger viewers
he be saying.
There wasn't much self-discipline in this particular promotion.
As stewards of the public airwaves broadcasters can and do better should do better.
A spokeswoman for the network said she had no comment.
Last week, FCC chairman outgoing Michael Powell, his last commission meeting he had said he
would leave the agency this month announced Friday that he'll spend three months as a senior
fellow at the Aspen Institute, a Washington-based organization who stated mission is to foster
enlightened leadership and open-minded dialogue.
Oh, boy.
What?
FCC spokeswoman Janice Wyce says she didn't know who replaced Powell, who stirred controversy
last year when he led the charge against CBS and its affiliates for the Janet Jackson
Booby flat.
ABC of course is owned by Walt Disney who's got bigger fish to fry.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
This is the Neil Rogers.
Okay.
Waterport down.
We like to drown with the waterport down.
That's what you do when your country is run by a fact that there are any Neocon punks.
We like to make the fifth information up and agonize and up for a waterport dunk.
We like to take these in a pyramid pile.
Not to torture all American style.
We like to take these in a pyramid pile.
Everybody is a terrorist and so we must mercenaries to rape a pin of pile.
We've already cowboyed his good Christian cops.
Have no shame about how they make up the talk.
Even if they have nothing to say, occupiers always act this way.
Break the little boy until he's free.
Hey, they're just letting us see the middle of Christian cops.
We call this freedom that we have to spread.
They should be happy that we're making them dead.
Capture makers off the quota of income.
We're scared.
And write it off as college, Frankster, pun.
That's the solid impacts of American weight.
Complex the USA.
Now the insurgents are us.
1103 at 560.
WQM, we got some very good news for you today from the new national inquirer, my Bible.
See, that's one thing.
If Brian Nichols would have broken into my apartment, I'd have the inquirer sitting here.
And I would have held it up in the ear and he would like...
He would have recalled like...
Recorded.
Speaking of Belonga Gosele, that was a good biography.
That's God, I love that channel.
Oh, and look at what's on the back page.
No, remember I told you before to show how they wrote this glowing article of luck?
Kristie Alley and she lost 20 pounds.
Guess what's on the back page?
Oh, the inquirer.
An ad for Jay.
A big full page ad in color.
Kristie Alley is fat actress, premieres Monday, March 7 on Showtime.
That's up there.
Oh, ad, how do you like that?
With that purple outfit she's got as fat as a cow.
And she's even got her finger in her mouth like she's going to start chewing on that too of that.
She's going to cry, don't arrive real quick with that.
Chocolate cake!
And of course the fat is teeny.
She is... I can't... I just can't repeat it often enough.
Maybe I'm going to say it every day on the show.
She makes me gag.
Although fat boy with a three dozen donuts I guess puts her to shame.
Has there been any denial of that?
Have we had any more feedback so to speak on that?
I have not heard a word.
Wow.
I mean, I know that.
Now I'll admit yesterday because of the stress that it showed yesterday in the kind of emotional cripple behavior of Dufflinzi and Clarence Darrell put me like way over the edge.
So I went out to the two Dominion and I bought me a box.
But at least you have, I'll tell you one thing.
In America and I've said this before, I've been in supermarkets all around Europe and the here.
Nowhere anywhere they got the selection of food that you've got in the US.
Which isn't necessarily good because that's why everybody's fat and died.
But nevertheless as far as taste is concerned, variety.
But anyways, so I bought a box of four, score Eskimo pies.
Remember I told you about those?
Yeah.
It's Eskimo pies with score ice cream inside.
Of course I eat them.
Although they're fairly small, they're not the full size Eskimo pies.
They're not like I would say two thirds of the size.
And I ate them.
One after the other side by the end.
Yeah, why?
No, it's depressing.
Well why is it depressing?
I've loved you with this going as great as 108.
That's an absolute number, man.
I'm doing fine.
My weight is 190.
Okay.
But I just, I had the need, man.
I had to get that stuff going in your brain.
And do I have to get my serotonin levels up.
What do you laugh about?
I can relate.
When these people continue dragging you down.
And I don't know what's the matter with Miss Lindsay.
Well, I do know in a social cripple she's got a lot of issues.
I don't want to deal with those people.
I don't want to talk to them.
I've told them this.
I don't know how many times.
She comes in there again this morning.
You know, because if he doesn't talk to me, I guess he's not going to have no reason to
put on his resume and why he continues being in the building.
I mean, you know, and why was it necessary for the two of them to have to come in there together
yesterday?
Have you noticed this new deal like I told Hank where they're joined at the hip, a duff and
clearance and clearance and duff and Jimmy and Danny?
What is it?
Why was it necessary for the two of them?
Like the world was coming to an end.
Strength in numbers.
Oh, is that what it is?
Sure.
Yeah, one day needs strength in numbers when you've got a couple of cowards like that,
a couple of emotional cripples.
Oh, gee, I got a hangnail, Greg.
Oh, Maddie Bell, look to me, dirty Greg.
Boy, what's up already?
Will you please you pathetic quizzlings you?
And when I come back to town very soon, I'm going to tell you right now.
I sure as hell don't want to be involved with those people.
Don't even come around me because I won't even look at you.
Just get lost.
Anybody who would do to anybody else, I told Duff this yesterday on the phone.
I called him the afternoon.
I said, I wouldn't do that to my worst enemy if I knew who that was.
I wouldn't do it to anybody, which you people did to me like four minutes before I'd go on here yesterday.
Like there was some major crisis like the world was, which there was not.
It's just more of the same old crap.
There was no big deal.
But oh my god, like the sky is falling and the world is coming to an end.
And let me say it again.
I didn't put Scott Ferell or Howard Stern on this radio station.
Go look elsewhere to find your problems.
Okay, it's not in our studios.
So while you're rifling through their run a weekend, don't be looking for the solution of that problem.
Now, getting back to the story in the inquirer.
Dick Clark ready to die.
Sources say he's defeated at home and partially paralyzed.
Oh, right.
Now, this is a guy that we used to like.
At least most of us used to like him.
I think Hank liked him, too, as a matter of fact.
Is that what he said this morning?
Okay.
But nevertheless, yeah, that's right.
I don't have to repeat it.
But once he was outed by Michael Moore as being the slime ball that he is,
the exploiter of human suffering that he is.
And then you'll notice very shortly after that, God smoked him, man.
He smited him.
He struck his ass down with a first stroke.
And then when that didn't do the job, the Lord looked down and said,
Hey, let's try it again.
Okay, practice makes perfect.
And what I'm being that was it.
The music icon Dick Clark, the man hailed as America's oldest teenager,
is ready to die, say, sources, to which we can only say,
sadly, according to insiders, the once vital radio and TV legend remains partially paralyzed
and barely able to speak after suffering two strokes in early December 2004.
Now 75 Clark has been in seclusion since returning to his malleable home
after a seven-week hospital stay in insiders' series living on borrowed time.
Dick Clark, as America knows him, no longer exists,
a source close to the beloved entertainment revealed.
The strokes he suffered were extremely serious, not just serious, but extremely serious.
Although it's nearly impossible to get any concrete details out of the family,
it's clear that he's not well enough to leave the house or function on his own.
While initially he couldn't speak, Dick cannot speak on a limited basis,
as in, like that.
But he still struggles to talk and he's partially paralyzed and spends too much of his time in bed.
Another Clark camp insider added,
I think Dick is completely demoralized.
He's doing rehab in his house every day, but his heart just isn't in it.
Entertaining people was his reason for living.
I thought it was making money was his reason for living, making huge chunks of it.
Dick would rather go out now with the public remembering him as being the great impressario
who looked and acted decades younger than he was, and they got a recent picture of him here now.
Believe me, he's making up for lost time.
Ironically, Clark's worst nightmare was that he'd spend his final days debilitated and unable to work.
Dick's greatest fear, especially since he was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes a decade ago,
was that he'd be incapacitated by either a heart attack or a stroke of the source.
He knew that diabetes sufferers are high risk candidates for stroke and heart attack.
Eerily, just prior to these stroke crisis, Dick said that he hoped he'd die while he was still vital.
He built up an image of never ending youthfulness, always felt obligated to live up to that image,
and he never wanted to be a burden on his family, especially his wife, Carrie.
Right now, Dick's life consists of physical therapy sessions that is malleable home and not much else.
The family has purposely been trying to paint a picture that he's fine.
He's just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
And only sufferer to minor setback, but I don't think Dick is coming out of this.
When contacted by the inquire, Clark's longtime publicist Paul Sherpren insists,
Clark is fine and denied that he's experienced any depression or expressed the will to die,
but a neighbor in front of the American bandstand host added,
poor Dick is a shell of his former self, the strokes have ravaged his entire body.
It seems like his wife and three children are keeping a tight little in his condition
because they want people to remember him as he was, not as he is now.
They're hoping against hope that it'll make a miraculous recovery, but one top TV executive told me,
Dick's outlook isn't good. There isn't a lot more doctors can do for him.
Meanwhile, his daughter Cindy's running Dick Clark Productions,
which produces New Year's Rock and Eve, American dreams go to global war, the American music way out of it.
How do you like that? There are some good news for you.
For those of us who find him repulsing and disgusting and a grave robber.
How do you like that? WQA, not there. QA Am Hello.
WQA Am Hello.
QA Am.
See, I was reading too long with Gell, I should probably interrupt it instead of boy, you're reading too much.
Okay, I got a lot more whether you like it or not. We don't really care.
We don't care what you think, smart ass. WQA Am Hello.
This is Andy.
WQA Am Hello.
Hey, Molly.
Yeah.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I got one for your poll.
Yes, good.
How about an autographed picture of Don't Come All down at the end?
Yeah, that's cute.
Well, I got another one. How about Take Girl Magazine?
Alright. Now would be embarrassing for more to these guys since we have like 99% of me a lot of you.
Take Girl Magazine. Get it on there.
I thought this would grow by a leaf side. I thought this was a good poll today.
It is a good idea.
You thought it was a good poll, but sure.
We know Lana.
We know Lana.
Just like that first caller.
He was right when he talked about being just a sour, a South Florida piece of crap,
who we just wanted to steer a bunch of negative and insert a pot again.
And pick up what we left off yesterday.
Not interested.
Well, I got something legitimate to get psychotic about.
Like yesterday, I'll do it.
But I'm not going to like when you snap your fingers, get psychotic on demand.
Okay. Sorry.
WQA Am Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil. Looks like they gave it to you a good yesterday.
But you're going to both do think that.
Thank God.
Got one for you.
A two pay. No offense.
Okay. Good one.
Thank you.
Too pay would be good.
The old muskrat.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Ramble.
WQA Am Hello.
QA Am.
Hey, how are you today?
Good.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, listen, I'm wondering why we haven't been able to find a lot yet.
You think we're still looking for them or we just over there to reach the change?
He's probably having dinner with the Asadie Roe family right now.
Okay.
With Van Banderbush and a whole of the Gonsa Mishboha.
What were you that come from?
What was that all about?
Huh?
I don't know.
Lash of summer.
Yamama.
That's my comment to that.
12 minutes after I've been speaking of finding a bad hair piece in somebody's house.
Here's the deal.
Chuck Alphiri would like to avoid you the embarrassment of putting a dead mouse on your head or muskrat or any of those other horrible looking things.
They all look the same.
Well, not the same.
It's just a matter of degree.
Some of them are embarrassing.
Some of them are humiliating.
And some of them are totally degrading because they all look silly.
But Charlie's got his new skin-like hair system that is 100% undetectable.
That's right.
Let me say it again.
100% undetectable.
It's the natural hair line system that's the best looking piece anywhere in the world.
And the reason it does look like one of those mousey looking things is because it looks like the real hair like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard animal infested your head.
Try Charlie's system for just 30 days.
Lots of 30 months.
And after a month of eating all of the way looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting clawed at and clawed at and just grabbed that, return it for full refund.
So you have nothing to lose but that ugly ballspot that makes you look pretty sad and a lot older too.
Call Charlie today, tool free 1-800-321-2413.
And tell the Alphair refokes you heard about it here on the New York Roger Show to get you your special $200 discount off the regular $800 price of Charlie's natural hair line system.
Don't forget the secret to a great hair system is make sure that nobody can tell you where it wants.
So if you want something that looks great like real hair, this is the only way to go.
Call Charlie Day Tool Free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 around the web.
It's Charles Alphairi.com.
Your sneaks and real Rogers.
The rest of you on 566-QAM.
I've been given it some stories.
Oh, what I think it is.
I know that me and you can do much better go with 6 to 10 and not 5.
I've been given a gentile in the cranky tool.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Step on to time.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the crappy tangerz.
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big fucking Jew.
A Brooklyn High.
I've been raised in high and very funny but you're not my type.
Me and all this crap would blow the way that if we had a fight.
That you'd survive.
You'd wanna hear a gentile and push it tight.
That's crap we just get out.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
No, not 5...
That's the only UK limit that can get it for later.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
The first time!
The first time!
11-19 at 5.60 WDQM.
We got 265 votes, but evidently, Chip, he was probably the first call of this morning, Chip.
What do you think?
What are you eating now?
Not more donuts.
No, they sell it from publics.
Oh, a shallad from publics.
Well, that's nice.
I bet your old friend, Marc Schullo, would be happy.
Remember the shallad behind?
Well, I thought what a hit, salad.
Marc Schullo, would a shallad?
Well, we haven't heard from him in a long time.
But see, I don't forget.
I don't know.
Anyway, Chip, Vax, isn't says, very sad.
This goes to show you what this is pathetic.
I don't give a crap what anybody says.
I talked about doing this poll last Friday.
I told you I was going to do this.
I don't see anything wrong with this.
He says, Neil, what kind of, what the hell kind of poll is this today?
Why not just ask what flavor, barium, andema did you use today?
Who is responsible for this Schmidt?
God blanked Joyce DeHell, it says.
Well, guess what?
I'm responsible for this.
My idea, if you don't like it, Chip, blow it out your behind.
How do you like that?
Your big fat ass.
That's what's strawberry, by the way.
Yeah, strawberry andema.
I like a poisonberry myself.
I know.
What are you all boys?
He was watching you get some Florida.
Just like the very first color this morning.
Yeah, you're going to be my upset.
No, I'm not.
Not the least bit.
Vernon, by the way, who doesn't understand that the Dildo
and the vibrator are the same thing?
What's wrong with Vernon?
What vibrates and what is done?
Well, I mean, we regard this.
Let's not get too deeply into that.
Okay, hey now.
But he also says preparation age.
I guess even though there are many of us,
he would have preparation age around because life is hand in the butt.
Right?
But I guess preparation age would be fine.
Since we're not getting a whole lot of additions of this pool,
and maybe that's because it's such a terrible pool,
it must be Joyce's idea of dang it.
According to Chip, when you grow up already and cut the crap,
Jesus, line nine, you know, this is going to be great.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, do you know who's going to be great?
How are we going?
All right.
I just want to say congratulations for Q-A-M
because the Dauphin Organization blows
and he's a rip of an ass without any repercussions
for the management of the Dauphin Organization.
That's so rosy, correct?
Right.
And good for lot.
I mean, that's the answer.
That's why I'm glad I used to be a Dauphin fan.
Good for lot.
Good for lot, just not a lot.
And if that's part of you should learn the people on ClearChannel,
jumping up and down.
Just, you know, who cares about the Dauphin?
Wait a minute.
What does ClearChannel have to do with it?
What station are they on that one?
No, they're on 790.
They're on that one.
They're on that one.
Certainly shows you like, oh, those A-holes on Q-A-M,
they're on that one.
You know, if they want to dance on your funeral.
Yeah.
And I'm like, here.
You know what they say?
What shows with those, sir?
What shows are we talking about?
We can name names on this station.
We're talking about a parade.
Yeah.
The old Jackass Ron and Paul.
Oh, who cares about that?
Isn't that a joke?
This is a guy that was desperate to get on this radio station.
Couldn't get hired if he had a bag of money with him.
Give me a break.
Ron and Paul dancing on our grave.
That'll be the day.
Guess what, Ron?
We still don't want to hear.
How do you like that?
Or Paul?
Or was everyone a Paul?
I can't even separate him anymore.
Old Paul, ancient Ron.
Castron over, man.
We had, remember the Duff Lindsay calls, the PD Lenny calls.
And I got calls up here from PD Lenny.
Oh, what do you think?
That was when we were going through our 85,000 changes in the morning, which is not all that long ago.
Those calls that never actually took place.
Right.
Because he never wanted on this.
You're a full of it, man.
You hate clear channel like poison.
Why don't you at least for once in your life tell the truth.
You'll lie and sack a crap.
Mr. Ripoff artist.
But anyway, who cares?
As if the Duff and Jorua are success came from.
Right.
First of all, it's been years since the Duff and Ted A numbers on Sunday because number one they force you to carry him on your FM.
And number two, because every game is televised.
And number three, another on XM or serious.
Who's got it, Miguel?
XM.
Next, M's got all the NFL games on here.
So there's nothing there except a hell of a lot of work.
And you struggle to try to make your money back.
And it's basically a lost leader.
So who needs them?
Pack up a salami sandwich, the Duffins, the four and 12 Duffins.
Gmail Pornos, okay.
That sounds fine.
Gmail Pornos.
Sure.
Somebody faxed in.
Inversing.
Oh, here's a poll suggestion.
Okay.
It says, by the way, have you heard the midday show on 790 with OJ McDuffie?
How would I hear that if I wanted to?
Oh, my God.
Sounds like Michael Irvin on a bad day.
What an abomination.
Oh, yeah.
That's that stiff competition rough against there on 790, the ticket.
They got the ticket, baby.
They're in a dream world.
They're fantasizing.
They're hallucinating.
They're in La La land.
We got Joe Rose.
And now we got the four and 12 Duffins.
Okay.
Like I said, all you got is Joe Rose.
I'm never going to knock Joe.
Joe is, we like him.
He's a great guy.
He's good on the air.
He's got a good following.
That's what they got, period.
I'm not one of these guys that's going to start knocking him just because he went across
his street.
In fact, quite frankly, I say more power to him.
I say kudos to Joe.
I like how he was treated.
He was treated.
He was treated not just once, but twice so badly on this radio station that you can't
even begin to imagine the way he was treated, which is probably why his sponsors don't
want anything to do with this station.
I can't, I give second thoughts about the other day.
And now I realize what that's all about.
All the lies he was told in the meetings that didn't materialize and he was just being
strung along while they were making the deal to get stern on you in the meantime.
And that's where I talk about the stern experiment.
Here's another thing I just finally commented today.
Another thing that blew up right in Greg Reed's face, Dan Corporate, okay.
And that is Viabuy of the Duffins.
And they can make up all the stories in the world about where, and like I just said, it's
true as far as the numbers are concerned.
But from a press to East End point, let's face it.
Everything else in sports in his town is like way, way behind.
The offense, the NFL football is head and shoulders above any of the sport.
Not just in this market, but all the markets.
So they can thank the stern decision again for saying Viabuy of the Duffins because that's
what put the nail in the coffin if you recall those ugly days.
Yep.
Nice going.
And of course, the stern still on the air was it a, what a disaster.
What an absolute, and I tried to tell him, I don't want to keep repeating this every day,
but nobody will listen to old Neil.
He's only been in the market a hundred years.
He's only been around a block what he's made in the X-100 years.
Oh, brother.
Oh, I saw him right here.
What was the expression he was the very jackass kept writing?
He was intrigued.
He was intrigued by the idea putting stern, he's intrigued.
Well, how you intrigued are you now, sweetheart?
Huh?
I'm actually really intrigued.
Now that you're a paper tiger.
Now he's got to check with Joyce every couple of hours and see which hand he can
wipe with.
That's the kind of boss he is now.
Straw boss.
See, we used to think that Duff and parents were the, the, the straw bosses.
They're the straw under boss now.
Get it?
Huh?
I'm sorry.
He's got a pecking order.
That's the pecking order.
Get it straight.
Duff.
I, I don't want to see those people.
I mean, what they did to me and he, and he comes in this morning and I, I almost fell
off his chair when I heard that voice.
At least give it a couple of days rest so I can like cool down after, after the crap
that you pulled.
Oh no, he's got to come right back.
Oh, we're not going to be, we're not going to be a monitor reader doing any dubbing.
Like, as if I don't know if I know that.
Why do you think I'm here this morning?
Mr. Psycho, huh?
Mr. Basket Case, BC.
People think BC stands for before Christ.
It stands for Basket Case, Muff Lindsay, the Bluff Meister.
God.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Don't forget your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs
and schmutz and grime and all kinds of bad stuff in there.
So do yourself a favor like I've been doing for over 20 years in a variety of homes in
South Florida and call the best people in the universe dry concepts.
They will really sanitize your home.
Not just your carpeting, but also your furniture, your poultry, your drapery, your area rugs,
those expensive oriental rugs.
They do a fantastic job of dry cleaning, which nobody else in the world does, which leads
them looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new.
And of course, because dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique, your carpets are
dry just an hour and a half after they finish the job.
So you really can, like they always say, clean today and entertain the night.
And no rip offs your scams when you call these folks, which is a rarity in the carpet cleaning
business because they give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start to
win their fantastic job.
Believe me, it would be the biggest favor I can do for if I get you to call them one time.
You'd never dream of using anybody else.
Indeed, Rowan and Appam reaches called dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or online at striconsep.com.
That's dry concepts making carpets clean in South Florida since 1979.
You are listening to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me
people, should come, the ridez these don't come down to a space they don't go I think the land, God's fruit in fire man my ride that I've covered patch I've come back planz, it's well owned alone
I
Guess what else one of us show up George Cortes with the spelling they look at how he's got to pay spelled on that pole today
I looked it up T U P E E to P. Okay, you maybe you looked it up, but you shouldn't spell it right you left out the oh
Okay T O U P E
There you got to pee which I think is ready Indians that was weird. Yeah, he looked it up to P or is right oh
Brother 185 votes on the pool pretty weak. It's terrible pool even chipset. So it must be choices for anything that
Joyce what are we gonna do about Joyce?
Oh, what's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your car house?
Somebody's got another good one a picture of George W Bush. I think that's they're gonna get a lot of votes
blow up dial 142, but plug 119, build 052, my spouse 22 car air freshener
22 someone at liquid cherry to be good body wash 18 a track player 4
Toy dog 3 she male porn to 2 P is got to play girl magazine one and prep a stone have any everybody's got prep a
I mean life is a pain in the ass, right? I don't know
We got to be better than her lady even who's a con say co say you had it right what about talks?
What about what?
Talks. Yeah, what about I'm a dedicated. I know what they are right they're medicated pad
What was that being embarrassing? I mean if you had Roy's
So then what about them? Why would touch me embarrassing? That's what I'm saying. Okay
Judge says California can't beg a band a game. Mary gay a judge will yesterday that California's ban on game
Erie's is unconstitutional a legal milestone that if upheld on appeal will open the way for mostly most popular state to follow
Massachusetts and lying same sex couples to with and Ontario and British Columbia and
Quebec to a dreaded Kramer of San Francisco counties trial level superior court like in the band laws requiring racial segregation in schools and
Said there appears to be no rational purpose for denying merged to gay couples
The ruling came in response to lawsuits found by the city of San Francisco and it doesn't get couples a year go after the California Supreme Court
Halded a four week same sex marriage spree started by mayor Gavin Newsom the opinion had been eagerly awaited because of San Francisco's historical and
Historical rule as the gay rights battleground gay marriage supporters held the ruling is a historic development of Kennedy
1948 state Supreme Court decision that made California the first state to legalize interracial marriage
Today's ruling is an important step to the more fair and just California
There were just discrimination in affirms family values for all California families San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said
Yadi yadi yadi in a part should compare tree and of course the opponents are gonna appeal now
What are they doing to us here just to defy the institution of marriage? Yeah, take a look at that poll today my spouse
22 votes
Here's the facts from Bobby who says my vote for the poll a poll would be a pictures of my fav actress root Paul
I want to be just like her when I grow up
Oh and look at the red dress on the top of his face. How do you criminal?
Explain what I guess yeah, I guess they probably worked on Bobby on the inside kind of turn him around a little bit if you catch my
560
560 pound 560 just like Brian Nichols turn Ashley Smith around or was it the other way around? I'm not ready to sure
Round and round yeah, rounding round they went like Perry Como. He's still dead by the way. That's a good news
First Perry Como and then Dick Clark
Company Q. I am hello
Company Q. I am hello. I don't know. Okay, pal. I got one for your bowl. This is the mad delivery driver. I got one for your bowl
Yes, sir condoms man. Oh, yeah, that's really embarrassing
ah
Church vice-deventy code novel and see Miguel doesn't like my reading these stories, you know here you're a you're a clown
Not good stuff up. Yeah, let me keep taking calls like that. Oh, that's pretty embarrassing finding condoms in your house
Oh, what would the name say? I might be doing something in there. Oh
Brother WQ a.m. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering if any comments little old news now
But don't roll in sedums leaving South Florida market any comments. I don't like what the man that guy was so cool
Man rolling set them oh, yeah, and on the last
We got him we started crying and his last broadcast no, he didn't get any
Julie Yarbo's they go we're gonna miss you. Yeah, and he was thinking I'm a sandwich, baby small potatoes rolling
Steadoms even South Florida. Well, that's big heavy news man
Oh, like I said a little hick town a bunch of hick town just spread out that South Florida
There is no city. There is no core. There is no focus. There's no focus
There's just a much a little bedroom town all interconnected one over here
There's candle and here's sweet water and here's the ranger and here's lemon city and here's a sweet water and here's
What an opalaka and here's a yaki yaka Liberty City whatever you got and plantation and sunrise and sunset and
Sunrise lakes and all of a sudden Hollywood and just a bunch of bedroom towns talk about
Peropheal man. Yeah, it's cereal Jesus
I'm gonna get serious. I'm telling that right now by hook-up by crook
I'm gonna start spreading just like an eagle. I'm gonna spread my wings. Hi. He'll see wings right?
WQ I am hello
Michael Jackson's other gloves
WQ I am hello
Q I am
These are the calls that Miguel's been waiting all day for WQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I got a question for you
This demon George Bush is
Pondering taken away social security not gonna happen
I'm not pondering taking it away is pondering and destroying it exactly. Well, here's what's not gonna happen, sir
If you're over 55, yes, not gonna affect you right, but it's not gonna happen anyway
They read my lips. It is not going to pass. There was a there was a Chinaman's chance in in a hell that it's gonna pass
Here's a guy he doesn't want to listen to my answer
He wanted my comment, but he just wants to keep repeating the same thing and he is right if you're over 55 if they did pass
It doesn't affect you anyway alive right, but it's not gonna pass
So it's a move right see how I want those people likes to waste a lot of call up Al Franken and what's it in Catherine?
I am and you can discuss it you can analyze it with them. Okay, Catherine Lampor and Al Franken
We're really spreading out. He's gonna be in Lubbock, Texas
I think it is I read on the internet this morning
They're in Austin now and they're gonna be in the middle in Texas. They're loving one of those big markets there is spreading his wings
He's just really loves the challenge of radio broadcasting and then in 2008
He's gonna go to Minnesota and run for office
Yeah, and you wonder why the Democrats could win a first election
You notice the elections are fixed and they keep losing them 400 votes even on a pool. That's pretty weak
We had over a thousand yesterday. See how the mighty of falling
That's because we had a major psychotic episode. Yeah, right. I made this poll
What and this poll and this poll is so bad my god like chips said holy cow
What do we come do now that the gosh dang a Joyce a curse right?
There ain't there's nothing wrong with this pool and by the way the poll about what flavor bury him
And what that's gonna be tomorrow as a matter of fact chips. He might want to chime in on that
They come on in
It's been legal for the
Head of Rose wait till games find out how much bearish flows
Tommy moon on the gate
Say I do and then there's no escape two years later
You're in the boys cards back your suitcase head for Logan airport
You'll fight
All night goodby single bars
All family cars now you suffer with us
One wedding ring and how things change
If I do a little strange
Every morning in the same old bed you see those they face until you were dead
The practice we'll be
MA
Can I come just cuz you walk
Careful what you wish for because trust
iend you wish you were without by a great help but
Call you later but it's his great goodbye single toark
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How many cards? How
The Roman Catholic Church in Italy has spoken out against what it says are shameful and unfounded lies in the best selling code novel, the Da Vinci code, which means it's all gotta be true. Cardinal, Tarsicio Bertone, Tarsicio Bertone, Archbishop of general, broke the Church's official silence on the controversial book. See, I like it said in words even though I don't know what a lot of them even mean. See, is this something? I don't know. I love that language. You know, I can't speak it. It's story about the Church's depressing the truth that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene has given as many fans.
I think it was with Mary Magdalene, don't you? Who? Mary Magdalene had a suggest cardinal's wife, that would explain a lot. That Republican flunky, that right-wing nut job, but the Cardinal's spokesman denied reports that the clergyman was asked by the Vatican to hit back at the book. They hit us? We hit him back. Carlo Arcolau told the BBC's news website that it had been the Cardinal's own decision to make a public statement about the book. Mr. Arcolau confirmed that the Cardinal told him to tag a newspaper. It astonishes and worries me that so many people
believe these lies. I'll tell you one thing, Mr. Arcolau. It astonishes and really, really worries me that so many people believe these ridiculous stories, and that worship an old, daughtering man. I love the story that they had on C in a couple of days ago. The Pope speaks. He actually spoke a couple of words. They showed him sitting in the window there, and he's looking out and he's doing the whole deal with a hand up the armpits, the roasted earring, and on the Pope spoke here that he uttered a word. Yeah, that's right.
is it? Give me a break. The Archbishop told Il Dranali the book is everywhere. There's
a very weird risk that many people are reading. We'll believe that the
fables it contains are true. Yeah, I know another book like that. The book's
publisher's Random House were unavailable for comment. The Da Vinci code by
US author Dan Brown has been a publishing sensation around the world and is
still in Vesella list. It's conspiracy theories and thriller style in which two
codebreakers try to track down the truth behind the Holy Grail have caught
the imagination of millions. I wonder if Monty Python is in this one. You think
Eric Is it? They are. It said to claim is that the Holy Grail is really the
bloodline descended from Jesus and Mary Magdalene which the church is
supposed to have covered up along with the female rule and Christianity. Brown
has previously said all of the art architecture, secret ritual, secret
societies, all that is historical fact. How do you like that? How do you like
them, Green apples? Tomorrow, Cardinal Bertone will host a seminar called
Stority of Sands Estority, a story without history to rebut the claims. He's
gonna rebut it. Yeah, he said he wanted to unmask the lies. So we just
could see how shamedly unfounded the book was. The Cardinal has been
deputied to Cardinal Joseph Raxinger, the man known as the Pope's enforcer, and
a possible successor to the ponder. I wonder how many button-man
of Vatican's got on the street, huh? I know we blot.
The third man wants to be a little Roger's.
Yes, we'll see. On 5.60, I am a.m.
Celiana Ross-Latin. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap
made from jewels and lacing into the near roe, okay? I'm gonna use the
hour. Take high a.
The Pope's, my stout. The Pope's, my stout.
God, they've been like trash. The Pope's, my stout. He likes it.
Stuck in mess. The Pope's, my stout. He's a key. He has a
Pope's, my stout. The Pope's, my stout. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I am a skill in. Take this higher fact. Once in Rome, give
him a shot. Don't run bad. Jesus brings out back. Jesus, my
dress is super. Have we never shot a joke? Once in Rome, give
him a load. We've been church-it-truck. The Pope's, my stout.
God, they've been the grass. The Pope's, my stout. He likes his
fucking man. The Pope's, my stout. He's a groovy
man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy
man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man.
He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man.
He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man.
He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man.
He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a gro
He's a groovy man. He makes his neck and eyes the gu сожалению a
ส apart in the fog. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy man. He's a groovy��幫
it. He's a groovy man. He put it in his pocket. He was like a bark, a letter, you
He's like, if somebody hit you over the head with a baseball bat and you're like, like
your skull was cracked open and a blood was pouring all over the floor and then he said,
gee, I'm really sorry I did that.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
That's him.
Are you hurt?
He survived two days in a concrete hole after falling off a bridge at the port of Miami.
Now, David Estegadebia is out of the hospital and talking about how he survived off dirty
water and pigeon blood.
Well, I thought after it said pigeon was going to say something worse than blood.
How did he get that pigeon blood?
Less than two weeks ago Estegadebia fell 40 feet off of bridge in Miami.
Channel 6 reported last Tuesday.
But I sure didn't get him out of this.
He was released from Jackson Memorial Hospital yesterday and his doctor said if it wasn't for
his mental strength and ingenuity, he may not have survived at all.
I don't know how I did it.
He said, all I know is that during those days I was down there and refused to die, I refused
to give up.
Just like us here at WQAM, that's it, David.
Refused to die, refused to throw in the old bloody towel.
Estegadebia said he tried to escape twice by going up an old ladder, but he was so we
can readily enter he couldn't do it.
He said he fell 20 feet back to the ground each time.
Just like that.
Estegadebia had a smashed ankle broken ribs and it collapsed lung.
The trauma was so severe that the skin actually threw on the inside portion of his ankle, exposing
the bone to the air Dr. Raymond Topp said, you.
In and out of consciousness, Estegadebia said he survived by drinking filthy drain water
and pigeon blood.
I hadn't said this before because I didn't know how graphing it would be, but I actually
wanted to drink the blood of a pigeon that I had killed on one of the legends.
He said there was a nest there.
I didn't have any liquid.
I was just so thirsty I needed to drink something.
Pigeon blood.
Freshly squeezed.
Estegadebia was rescued after a pork worker walking by the concrete hole, heard his cries
for help.
Well, thank goodness for a happy ending, finally, for a story like that with it without the
pigeon blood.
All right.
Better pigeon blood than pigeon.
That's what I say.
Well, I hate pigeons, don't you?
Yeah, the nasty.
They sit outside here on my little balcony.
I got a small balcony that would never go out on, but they sit outside and they're
balcony and make those cooling sounds.
Oh, man.
They are.
They know what to get for your birthday next year.
What's that?
Hell it done.
Good.
I could be like Ted Williams without the frozen head, spend all my spare time shooting pigeons.
True story.
For 160 votes, what's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your car in your house?
Blow up doll, 148.
Buck plug, 127.
Dillgo, 53.
You see the common thread there?
My spouse, 26.
Car air for after 25.
A picture of George W. Bush's moving up the light of very fast 21.
Training security forces.
Body wash 20.
Gmail porn 19.
To pay five or not to pay.
That is the question.
Backspeed boys, CD, four.
8 track, clear four.
Clear all magazine three, toy dog three and preparation is finally out of pair of
Royads.
Nothing to be embarrassed about.
Everybody sooner or later is going to have that Roy experience.
Okay.
Believe you me that.
Roar.
Experience WQAM.
Hello.
No more porn.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey pal.
Yes, sir.
About a little lodge jam in the guest bath when company comes over.
What's worse than that?
I beg your pardon?
It's worse than that.
It's going over to someone's house and creating one.
That is bad.
Then you got to tell them it's like, hey, now how do we put that delicately on the pool
here?
Something in the bowl on our pool?
How about how about logs jam in the bowl?
Okay.
Yeah, that's a very delicate way.
I mean, that could be anything right?
Right.
It could be.
We have to speak in code now.
You know how things are nowadays?
We have to speak in code.
Manishtana halalahazami koalhala aloas, koxahois, things like that.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
QAM.
Once twice.
WQAM.
Hello.
That's the vision that he brings a blood from.
I recognize it.
They're all the time.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
All right.
I got a little food in my mouth.
I want to tell you what he eaten.
What do you eat?
I'm sandwich.
What kind of sandwich?
London broil, Borechab.
We'll go.
London broil one.
Borechab is roast beef.
Oh.
And where's that roast beef?
That's okay.
And that's with mayonnaise, I hope.
Oh, yeah.
Ooh.
Mayonnaise, lettuce, onion, and spike meat.
Okay, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I just want to say a few things.
Most embarrassing would be clotted.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Only one-sided love.
No one-
No one-
Why there-
I just allowed my mic in Beader
Stay-
She went to Pickups
I also went to Pickups
I also went to Hartford,
wrote.
Yeah, we're seeing them and people were calling when we heard such a thing
Oh, you see everywhere truck notes. You see them all the time down here
When you talking about truck driver and not so you're talking about the drivers are the thing on the back
Okay, thanks. I'm gonna have to when I come back to town
I got a look for those I never saw those before truck nuts. Do we have any the parking lot?
Let me go if Tommy's got him. He's the only truck. I know now and I went when did that start?
We're back home from I apparently started a long time ago and I hadn't noticed it
You know how?
We missed that exactly. You know what it was like sleeping through disco?
There's a phenomenon when like someone brings your attention something right your attention and all of a sudden
You see the line you start seeing everywhere you start looking for nuts. Yeah, like a squirrel truck nuts
Okay, that'd be a good way to put it on a writer although I saw one on a car as well
But most of you will see the money trucks
And what is the significance of that as it was explained to me it shows that your vehicle has balls. Oh
Yeah, yeah, well guess what I got two vehicles. I have really big ones and I have to put any truck
And therefore you must also if your vehicle has a well, I know
70 Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, yeah, how's it going? Okay, palie? Hey listen
I caught that thing a few about a week or so back with Rolls-Stem. It looked like the biggest huge
The weatherman leaving and they had like a plaque for the guy they're all crying at 1130
You have to be kidding. No, and and at silly. What's the name that the woman?
That I don't watch it anyway
But the other thing was they did that a few months ago with Michael Williams and here's a dive
He's back. So what is all these people they leave they make a big party from they come back now
And also in the dolphins is Jimmy Saffler gonna be one of the broadcasts because that's the same guy to lift that wife at the
All through that one time right? Right. That's right. That's the same very simple as that is correct that Jimmy
Saffler. Oh Jimmy Saffler is right. Yes. Bye. See you
I remember that I was at I and Z in those days in fact I had Jimmy on a show and then I was a memory
He probably don't get that horrible TV show on Channel 10 for about five minutes
I know because I hit him on my show to promote his TV show they hit me as a guest on that show
Oh, how about that? Well, I've been on some great TV shows. I'll tell you that that old candle to the the
Informersials of Mark Jacobson and get off the late Don Cox
Very sad and the Jimmy Saffler show which I forget what that was a call. Yeah, but he never Jimmy Saffler
You would have her guest on either the Joey Reddlet show or the
No, no, no because the Joey Reddlet show they had a cardboard audience right and the
Rixan show sure I would have been invited when I was out of town
They just had no one during the month that was on here. That was really what was that week or what?
There's brother. That was pathetic even Tom jikka said that little time. He called me yesterday at about a minute
Pass to to find out like why isn't invited in the call? He did now how much he's gonna write or not
Well, I have to wait and see you know all depending on the Sun sent on how nervous they are these days
How well intimidated they've been?
Nobody Q.I.M. Hello
Yeah, I was looking for Neil. You're looking for me. Found him
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's a West Palm Beach boy. It would be nice to see
Got on the dolphin Keith Evans. Yeah, he's Evans. I think he played for Seattle. I know you're not a sports guy
Oh, no, I'm not a sports guy. What do I know about football? That's right
I know
Okay, I heard you mentioned he seven was another stricted pre-agent. He's from West Palm Beach
So they'll be a connection and the other thing
Two days ago maybe yesterday you were talking about ponytail
Right I hear the ponytail song sure no problem
I remember when I remember when Jeff Cohen used to be our friend
With
Jesus
We are fighting, we can see die at where it's right back
It makes you look so sweet, what is love?
It's death, rollin' in, it's ponytail
It's a curious ponytail, let's wave with the wiggle when he walks
Waves with the wiggle, with the wiggle when he walks
Waves with the wiggle when he walks
I'm not a sports guy, I've only got the NFL package
Every game will be Sunday on here and never miss a whole bunch of games
But that's okay, I'm not one of those sports nerds
And he's right, I wouldn't know Heath Evans from Dale Evans from Heath bars
But these are good, Palm Beach County boy, why?
Heath Ledger
What are you talking about?
You just want to hear the Saudi-owned voice now,
We're just mumbling words and names and making guttable sounds
Come on, contribute something important to the show
Let's hear about the dolphins now, they're going to go 5-11 this year
They're going to be improvement over the last season
What do you say?
Sure, with a quarterback duo like that, they ought to be dangerous
Just for right, you think he's a quarterback but he's not
He is bad man, he is just
Remember when he first came in with redskins, he was going to be the next grade
He was going to be the big deal, the top banana
Turned out to be he ain't even the peel man, he really blows
Hey, even after all this time, some people still are a little uncomfortable about buying their bed over the phone
It's a piece of cake man, when you call 1-800 mattress
The number for dial amacres, you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy
So there's absolutely nothing to risk
Did you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else around in the industry?
So once you try buying your mattress by calling these folks
You'll never go back to a showroom and waste your time and money again
You'll get no nonsense, no run-around, no showrooms, you're not against
Just factory direct prices on the best brands you know trust and love
And a great night's sleep for years to come, all of these things
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling the company right number one in the world
And customer satisfaction and all the brands that you know and love to sleep on, they got them all
Seely, Certa, Simmons, King Coyle, Temporpidic, Sterns & Foster, you would take your pick
And now dial amacres offers no payments or interest until 2006, so how can you beat that?
Call dial amacres today and get all the details called 1-800 mattress, yours truly, George McGill, Moe, Factboard, a lot about this at QM
Satisfied customers who wouldn't dream of buying amacres any other way
Call them right now 1-800 mattress to log on to their website
macrace.com for a great night's sleep for months and years to come
1-800-MATTRES
CYSTEM MEAL ROCKETS
EXCLUSIVELY
I ain't always mean to get call like this
Hmm, better put better better
Shining down
And it went for a teeny-ton and splitted idea
A curse made me alex baby
When am I getting like this nerds
Doing jelly craic cause you're big and round
I like to consider myself quite a little long
You're still pretty in your lane riding shirt
Hey, I can tell you I'm sexy in your triple ex-braco shirt
Actually, I don't look scary
It's warm, caring, sexy, evening
I'll see what to do if it's ever hit me show
Go, curse, take it off
Shut up here, you little bed and stop eating
All that rock cookie, oh
Go, curse, take it off
Coney, don't mess your dick and shy
You're angel out through the snow
Go, curse, take off
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
And just go
You're still pretty girl
And you got that all over sex
Oh, you're sexy, alright? Just like a whale
She's a whale of a gal, I'll tell you that
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
Coney, don't mess your dick
David Aronstein, LA journalist and blogger
Clearly, some high-placed individual in the Bush administration was waving him in
Whether any sort of other waving went on has yet to be established
Oh, says David Brock found her the group
Media Matters for America, another queen
Which tracks right wing bias
I think that's the real number of the issue is that
There wasn't somebody in the White House press room
Who was conservative and asking questions that were loaded
It had more to do with the deceptive aspects of it
I don't think anyone would have been able to anticipate that
If Talon is a legitimate news organization
Why not use Guckert's real name and give them a permanent pass
Complete with an FBI background check
Plain by the rules has worked fine for the DC-based gay press
Washington Blague reporter Luchabarro Jr. has had a permanent pass to the briefing room for years
I've never been called on by Clinton or Bush in the presidential press conference says to borrow
But I'm usually called on by White House press secretary Scott McCullough in during the daily briefings
To borrow ads then McCullough is also answer questions after briefings
Conservative frontets including Anne Colter have been over backward to exploit the gay twist of the story in order to malign Guckert's critics
On CNN's reliable sources John Heinricher, a rep from PowerlineBlog.com
The right wing website that was one of the first to question Dan Radd is eventually discredited to report on Bush's
International Guard Service called the exposing of Guckert flat out gay baiting
Clearly any questions regarding gay baiting should be directed at Mr. Guckert himself responds
Erinstein as he did so regularly
Blogger John Erovosness who was on the CNN show with Heinricher also smells hypocrisy
The only gay people conservatives are wanting to embrace our Murray Cheney and a hooker
For perhaps someday they'll embrace the rest of us
Guckert may need some embracing about now at press time he was trying to suggest his suggestive web addresses
Asking 15 grand for hot military studs.com
And he takers all how about how many percent maybe 30 cents maybe 50 cents
We think okay so I was speaking a 50 cents and this is I mean this story man
They're just beating us over that and but but just keep noting we had a car on this earlier
Keep noticing I haven't seen one anything today about these seven people I got shot by the good quiet church girl
And guy in the Milwaukee area in Wisconsin nothing about that but this oh my god
It's it's a revelation. It's a religious experience is right yeah Ashley Smith
They had her passed through on they had the altar boys they had oh brother his family
I was family right the whole look of the gods of my spa
Shackled and surrounded by 19 officers in a cinder block jail room
The suspect in a rampage of up to judge and three others dead appeared before a magistrate today
Was informed that authorities plan to charge him with murder excellent fry his ass
I'm shocked now his last meal of course will be pancakes with real butter
Let's hope oh yeah ain't your mama Brian Nichols appeared before Cobb County magistrate Frank Cox on the same rape
Charged he was on trail for a Friday when he escaped from another courthouse Nichols spoke only once at the ring when Cox
Accumapant any questions not at this time he said not at this time we're gonna get some more than nice pancakes
Officers lined the walls of the room during today's hearing authority said Nichols had been alone with a female deputy Friday
Did you see that did you see the depiction of that nope he was alone with her he stole her gun
And then he shoved her into the cell and locked her up and then he just marched into the courtroom
Shot to that the judge presiding over the case and the other two people and a partridge in a paratrooper and then just kind of walked out of the courthouse
During the five minute hearing today Nichols Nichols looked straight ahead didn't make eye contact with anybody in the room including the judge when he spoke to him
This is the judge the new judge that's alive as a put them all eyes
Cox was brought into here the case after all the judges in Fulton County excused themselves because of the relationships with judge Rowland Barnes and the other victims
They brought him in shackles today
Maybe they hand him just jammed down jammed up and jelly tight or how about that thing goes I just can't believe that thing about those truck balls
What is it truck nuts truck nuts? Oh, I'm sorry truck nuts. Yeah, well whatever they call I remember Ron Tugnut
He's a goalie in the NHL if they were to start a play again. How was Panthers doing? Oh, yeah
We love the Panthers will they play again? We'll get you to a broadcast
Oh boy poor guilty. Let's see. Let's take a look at this old guilty. It's preempted
We got you. I'm South Carolina basketball and I T seven tonight
You were listening to me. You were watching
I'm gonna be a police commissioner on 560 15
At 2 a.m.
Who's your American either?
It was correct. It's democratic idols
I've known you had a set of tracks with a look of knowledge
I just can't believe you're not the police tonight
They also want to get off. Yes? Yes?
Get off. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Do it. Do it. Indeed I did have 200 sexual relationships. Do it. Do it.
Democratic Idol on Fox this fall.
See me for who I really am. Thank you my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. 1245. I don't think he's going to be too happy about this latest development.
We got some stiff competition for him. Now that party radio is going off here
and all that great techno pop, Europop, pop in your pants music has disappeared.
Well I mean today's the day we lost a dolphin so it's from that change to my QAM.
Sure. Let's do it.
First time this is good on AM as FM. It's all like muscle down.
Techno. Right? High-pops.
As Noah said, pop goes the reason.
What do you think? About what the original?
Three decades after forming in a double in high school and still on top of the music world
you too was ushered in the rock and roll hall of fame. Oh my God.
joined by the OJ's perfect flage the pretenders and buddy guy. Who the hell is buddy guy?
That guy over there. I know guy Mitchell. Who the hell is buddy guy? Who a big one on it?
Miguel do something worthwhile for once. Buddy guy. When you finish looking up how you spell out 2p
or maybe that maybe that was too pack he put on there. When I'm being embarrassing to find too pack in your house
probably don't spell too good by now. In hours of befitting rock legends
you too's induction came after midnight and this is so fantastic.
Maybe we were to a gusty up crowd at the Waldof history by performing four songs
joined by Bruce Springsteen on I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For. Like a voice.
Springsteen recall going with the whose peat towns into check out the competition when
you too is performing London Club seeing a lead singer who single-handedly pioneered the Irish Mullet.
What does that mean? Mullet the hairstyle. That's what that means. I thought Mullet was a fish.
Well right it's named after the fish. He pioneered the Irish Mullet. Oh God.
He saved us from this but he described how U2's four parts equaled a much greater hole.
That's what they W and much greater hole and said it was the only band at last 20 years where he knew all four members names.
This was a band that wanted to lay claim to this world and the next one to Springsteen said
Bono the Edge Adam Clayton and Larry Mullin Jr. Our Quirton and Larry Mullet Jr.
are quickly sunday out of Venus for a fall concert tour making U2 one of those rare acts
still to 400 of the music scene at the top of its induction to hollow flame.
U2 hasn't lost its creative edge since forming his teenage years starting with rock anthems like Sunday Bloody Sunday
which was one hell of a bizarre movie with Peter Finch exploring American Roots music,
performing introspective ballads like one and reaching the top with beautiful day.
They suck. They suck. They bite the big one. They are prophetic.
Yeah but they're humble.
Yeah yeah Springsteen Poe and of course Bono wants to be he wants to be like the head of the UN he wants to be of this and I like of course the guy that first put in there who hates the UN.
Springsteen Poe funded Bono, Gene's designer, soon to be World Bank Operator just playing operator,
Salt of the Brooklyn Bridge, soon to be the mastermind of the Bono Berger franchise.
One of the best and most indeeringly naked Messianic complexes in rock and roll springs to the inside it takes one to no one.
Reported retorted Bono born in the USA My Ass that man was born on the north side of Dublin. He's double in his play here.
The OJs of course now there is a group. See the rest of these people we can other than Buddy Guy who's Buddy Guy? Blue guitarist.
Electric Blue.
Don't know.
The OJs are best known for their work with Philly Soul Produces Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff but the gospel style singers are actually from Cantino Highell.
Backstabbers was a huge hit in 1972 along with Love Train and for Love of Money, other one on Song.
Oh it just love love the Love Train and Backstabbers too.
Backstabbers is rated QAMS, that's our theme song. The Backstabs are absolutely.
After Philmclam showed them in wild tusses during the 70s the quartet were simple black suits to perform on medley including each of those songs.
They were in...
I'm going to be ill.
They were inducted by Singer and they were using the word very loosely Justin Tinkerbell.
Oh my god.
Anyone who's ever written, producer, performed something soulful stands in the shadow of these giants Tinkerbell said. The OJs.
And he oughta know.
Y'all, is he a music maven or what? Does he know his music or...
No.
How I'm convinced by... he was on something the other day like for about two seconds channel serving and if that is a one little fruit cake I mean one little Tinkerbell.
Am I right? Come on.
A little Tinkerbell.
I mean he never got close enough to Britney to even see what they all look like. Can't give me a break.
Percy Sledge's voice has been the inimitable backdrop to countless Romanic encounters.
The Southern Soul Singer is best known for his 1966 hit when a man loves a woman.
Don't we have a parody on that?
When a man loves a drunken pig or something like that?
No we got it.
When a man is a woman, he gets his dress and women slow.
Well that's a lipstick and put on any hold.
Here we got that. Then we also got it.
When a man loves a drunken pig, he takes this man to be your lawfully wedded husband.
Oh I'll be damn straight about to say your word.
Oh Lord.
It's the heartwarming story of a man deeply in love with a woman who can really pound him down.
Oh right you guys.
We're off that pool table.
Bye.
Bye.
Bucks up.
See when a man loves a drunken pig.
Oh.
Oh honey.
Are you having more casuals?
Oh it's just a surprise.
It means again.
Start Friday at three o'clock is everywhere.
Singer Rod Stewart called a one of the best performances I've ever heard and I'm sure you've ever heard Percy Thlege.
The pretenders come from the same rock generation as you too.
Ohio and native Chrissy Hind has been a tough, pretender role model for women singing,
brass in pocket, precious and back on a chain gang.
The band formed after high-moved, the London would be part of its fertile music scene.
She sold her down with drummer Martin Chambers after guitarist James Honeyman's cut and Pete Farden died as drug casualties.
Drug casualties, or at least how unusual, a drug role.
Yeah, very, very, or a great rarity to understand that.
Anything else in here worth a while?
Probably not.
Oh yeah.
Buddy Guy dominated the Chicago Blues guitar scene and he was offered in the hall by some pretty decent guitar players themselves.
Eric Clapton and BB King.
BB King, he's still a second dead blood sugar man.
He goes home today.
Diabetes.
With his diabetes, that's right.
Musicians, industry professionals and yearnless vote on the inductees.
Hall of Fame members are permanently enshrined in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland.
Oh, Ohio.
You too, my ass.
That is sad.
5-6-7, what are you playing?
Oh, it was the pretenders.
Oh, the pretenders.
But I was just pretending.
How about the platters and the great pretenders?
Just...
Okay, I'll find it.
What's the most entertaining I embarrassing rather?
I'm embarrassing thing that you could have in your car home.
Some of these could be entertaining.
571 votes.
Truck nuts, by the way, is still got to be.
I think you just made that up.
That caller.
You should have heard the show because call after another saying, oh, how could you not have seen these?
They're everywhere.
You guys, you're on truck nuts?
Well, no.
We were just talking about...
No wonder Joyce is all over our house.
Yeah.
I just think on Greg.
Like she hasn't seen them.
I just think on Bluff.
The most embarrassing thing you could have in your car house?
Blow up to all 158.
Blow up to all, I know who's probably one of those.
Buck plug 141.
A picture of George W. Bush's climbing to ladder 58.
Dildo 56.
She mailed porn 34.
My spouse 29.
Car air freshener 27.
Body Wars 21.
Log jam in the bowl 10.
Oh, that's bad.
Jam on it.
2p.
A 2p8.
Backstreet boys of the CD7.
8.
3.
3.
3.
6.
6.
3.
3.
3.
3.
3.
3.
3.
199 courageous woman.
I know W.
Look at who's the mother?...
What's the Chun.
And the Zhi would have killed her.
He is the mother and the woman.
So tells me can be a devoid of cards he opens for抢唱 string to give her the
He's the mother and the mother and the mother.
And also wants to establish them off.
Bill Taylor.
Yeah, routine. Yeah, I can't indeed couldn't sing a lick, but I mean
Yeah, that's true they sure
Yeah, he had to hate we were mentally of his hitman
Okay, great he was doing real well that we got to that didn't he?
He said something about Percy was a melon head or something like that now what he said something like it
Something like that. I was speaking a melon head former New York police commissioner Brune Karek
Who looks like a real melon head to me?
Accepted thousands of dollars in royalties from a book published to raise money for the families of heroes killed in 9-11
New York Daily News has learned
Karek contributed an 11 sentence forward to the book of the photographs titled in the line of duty in which he praised police and
firefighters who desperately fought and struggled and bled and died in a noble effort
There is a story beyond words a story of bravery fidelity and sacrifice a story that must ever be forgotten
Karek's royalties on the book have so far told almost $76,000 sources told the news the deal came about when Karek was engaged in the year long affair with the book's publisher
Judas Regan in contrast former fire commissioner Thomas Von Essen who also wrote an introduction to book
Receptive zero is if it he knew not a cent
Von Essen directed Regan books to include his payment in his charitable donation according to publisher's spokesman
How do you like that?
76 right what a slime ball and if anybody really believes that Rudy Giuliani's got a shot in a trinumins chance in hell again elected
He's got Bernie Karek around his neck like a giant noose
You are listening to Neil Roger
Boy it's the one to two hour good English in a reporter remembers
I'm then rather falling
But I will look back at my long distinguished career as a reporter for CVFU
I can assure you that every fact and tonight's tribute has been checked and we checked by our CVS names
Prodigies the best of the business
My story begins in a small town in Texas
Where I was born the son of a poor black sharecropper as captain of the football a small and ice-hucking
I graduated Magnum signal super com laude after graduating with the top of my class at Harvard
I joined the army and earned several purple hearts, which I later asked John Kerry to throw away for me
After touring China as a ping pong master I returned home to run across the country twice invent the smiley face and start a large shrimp company with my army buddy
Luke Tenet man
I purchased CVF's in my name is sixty-two and hired myself as a reporter after the death of Walker Crunkat in
1992 I ascended to the throne anchor of CVS even years within where I remained until I
Alone made the decision to step down after I was Duke by my producer into airing a false report which I wrote and now as I pass along
The torch lit by the likes of Crunkat and Merle do another battled hard and journalist probably Katie Kirk
I lived with one word
a rich and two words
Bites me and that's part of our world the part that brings
Come down brother
bitch
102 at 560 just come down to any boy
Here's a fact from Alex chronic Alex who says hey, no, I believe the show Jimmy several was on back in the day
It was called PM magazine no because it was not a PM show was a morning show was like 11 o'clock in the morning 10 o'clock
Something like that nice tri Alex. How about an up dog bits?
I hope you know
That kind of inspired me the one I was talking about first he slides in the
Probably had with the fruits, but that would be a good pull to take somebody who belongs in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Who hasn't been in there?
Okay, but the problem is I just did Google on it
Mm-hmm and it's got like the inductees for this year, which I just got to tell you and the inductees for 2004
But I'm looking for the all-time inductees. I can't be finding it
Hmm now you know it's got to be under summer. It's on their own find it. Find it. Please pretty please
That'd be good pull that sure be better than the one that Joyce is gonna try to make his due tomorrow
Whatever that would be right I have no doubt have to be a humongous improvement over that Joyce bitch
Dominic you I am hello good morning afternoon
Good evening. How are you?
Hi, I have a couple nominees for your poll. Okay. One is something that I hazard. I'm a little embarrassed
I have a clay acen CD. Oh no a clay acen CD that could be the that could be the winner
Yeah, but he's a good thing a mom. Yeah, right
And my husband I have to put this delicately used to have an inflatable sheep. Oh, no
It doesn't have any more. How about you? He's a little sheepish about it now
You sheepish about lots of things. How about he is it didn't last long he popped it
And the sheep to
Have a great taste. We are clean up your act a little bit please. I'll try clay acen CD you got it
We got it don't you remember when we had the inflatable sheep in the studio for a long time?
We did we had one remember we had a sponsor that sent us a bunch of novelty items
No, I must have had one of your people my my people are Clansier than night would I want to wear sponsors and we did live spots for who sent us a bunch of
Normal teas we don't mention them any more because they turned out to be intense
They turn out to be one than for Mitch. Oh
Yeah from from video puke. Yeah, oh brother
You mentioned that when oh Mitch from video waves. He's another one. I don't think any of these people are IOD people
my correct about that I know I take that back he was a sponsor I would be he was but
somewhere along the line after post q a m uh... started uh... he and andy from
Hollywood and Greg from port St. Lucie and point and beach and all the places didn't
the three of them become like uh... bunkbuck buddies or something yeah they did
right also remember because he brought in a guest once before we knew that he was
crazy yes he Italian iceman and he brings them into the studio
uh... yes
uh... block it from your mind and i don't know and i remember very well now you
bring it all of these things back in a big rush
five six seven oh five sixty i've said the pressure from yesterday we're
gonna recover from that
joys and bluff
and clearance
he and you know you know it's like
carol says like a little uh...
like senior wednesday in the little you know like a little doll in in dust pocket
you know
which quite frankly like a crush it because he hates them like poison and is
very bitter about the fact that he lost a big chunk of his salary
because they made the clearance into the sports program to read the
you know the pd cuz he's a sports nerd
but nevertheless it's always the two of them on the phone in the studio side by
side like they're joy like simeis twins
you know that i have a lot of yeah right that's obvious
i want you to say i want to make sure video a
good inflatable black sheep
and he was the black sheep make no mistake about that
w.a.m. hello
a meal yes sir
you saw a little bit of my thunder and one of your previous segments about that
uh...
prisoner that
got that guards gun and killed all the people in the
vehicles yes you got to know his name and brine nicles he's a superstar now
yeah i actually smith
don't you think that the prison system like that would have
some sort of protocol where they're transferring a prisoner into court with
all the
now
on the news last night they were interviewing a lot of people who will work in
the land court house they were all bitching and screaming and moaning about
they've got the worst security and citizen creation embarrassment and it's
always been that way and so now the focus of course the spotlight is on them
so for a while to make it look like you know but they've always been very
like that ridiculous the walk walk a prisoner into court like that when
everyone else that goes into court has to go through
uh... the metal detectors and the gun screeners and it's ridiculous and that
would have
by putting them in shackles that would have never happened
yeah well they did today needless to say
all absolutely they did it today and i'm with i think that i'm not going to
bring those dead people back with me i'd like to judge no it's not but it's
gonna change the protocol that they that they work by and in that state and
and probably down you know and that everyone else is still
and by the way since they're all what's up about actually smith and what a
hero she is yeah where was where was god when he was been shooting all these
innocent people
hope that our house read the bible man must have been actually the good news
all right spread the good news i've got protected all those other people that
didn't get that's right that's right for example five six seven oh five
and come to find out that she's i don't know what i did with that sir i think i
smith can't it rightfully so but she uh... had a very as a teenager she was like uh...
i'd take me for a record press a very checkered past
battery she was arrested for battery a speeding with nobody deal but but just a
whole bunch of stuff she was a teenage a piece of turd is what she was
but then she found the lord and so now let's
meet her pastor and the author of this best-selling New York Times book
and let's talk about god oh god give me a break man you people in a mass media
would talk about a sellout i know what to the biggest sellout to and of course
you see the interesting tie in there between George w and the god squad is
they're all the same bunch totally sold out or speak of that like in here this for
readers of the bible confused by its archaic language such as its use of the
term stone for a former execution rather than the effects of smoking dope help
at hand
it's like that that we got about that you can get so twice in one night
one of the world's most widely read by both the new international version has
been modernized by team of fifteen american british scholars and is published today
yeah
your hand on the good book
gone is the word aliens which the academic style isn't very likely associated
the minds of the average generation with extra terrestrial's it is replaced with
for a nurse
you know them for a nurse
like you guys for example both right well not me go well he's still for
even the term saints is deemed to be too ecclesiastical and has been banished to be replaced
with gods chosen people the virgin Mary is no longer with child she is pregnant pregnant
and to the dismay of traditionalist who will suspect a feminist agenda
inclusive language has been introduced throughout
were the original read when god created man he made him in the likeness of god the new version
says when god created human beings he made them in the likeness of god
for those unfamiliar with the punishments needed out in the by the way speaking of
uh... human beings in the image of god since we all watches um what's that show i was just
talking about before seven heaven seven heaven you know the young cop whose wife had the baby
and everybody's coming to visit the kid and everything else right you know he used to be
maybe one of the best looking people i've ever seen in my life and now the ugly stick is starting
he is aging poorly in order to say he's turning he's in that
in that definite turning phase believe me losing a real quick right now he's getting old like 23 24
what yeah it's ancient i'm just telling you that's what happens to guys it's like what's his name
from that uh... that stupid ass movie about the uh... in his daddy we sent off to africa whatever
that was what was that movie man i got rid of jason get rid of okay don't know i'm movie i'm talking
about no sure you do was a real piece five six seven was a period piece oh five sixty and
five sixty and leave a rise in the singular wireless lines w k u a m hello hey how's it going
okay pali this is jay me the air freak cargo southern you know that's why i think you know great
w k u a m hello i get my friend w k u a m hello rock all dot com will show you that thank you
lineman and i'll get all right i got the list i'm just doing it done in two pages before i do
good i needed let's see he doesn't believe you and then this is meaning me back to george me uh... bumper
nuts dot com i'm really not uh... you know i can live without it okay i believe you i have no idea
i have never seen that's the good part of it is that you were didn't know what was all about either
you were like way behind the time as soon as they point them out like this is something that i
desperately to cut her up my already overloaded brain with about about uh... bumper nuts and uh...
whatever else this is you know you just have it live truck nuts i haven't lived
now now what happens if they like scraper along the ground it makes parts parts really
12 minutes after one at five sixty w k u a m when you shop for quality foodware great selection
professional service immediately pops into your mind just like magic one store brandy shoes and
common beach because for years and years brandy's has been offering you that unbeatable combination of
the best prices in town friendly sales holds will make sure you get a perfect every time and the best
selection of men's and women's top brand shoes in the world they got them all rock ports floor shum s a s
spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more and with brandy's humongous selection you could
bet that boy and many bells likes both on it that whatever style you pick out you're going to have
that they're going to have that size in the shelf on the thing ready to slap on your feet brandy's
open daily Monday through Saturday night and a m till nine p.m. every Sunday 10 to five you find
brandy's at twelve ninety north end of a highway and pop it up each it's always worth a trip
and this week is especially great time to buy four shum at brandy's because this week you can
take twenty percent off on all great men's four shum styles so be sure to get your ass into brandy's
this week or do your shoe shopping online at brandy's shoes dot com
you're listening to me and you go to the rangers exclusive ways on five six
two eight and and say cheese
good enough hey man hey who's this it's such a half hey i was in your restaurant and it smelled
like up dog what is up dog i don't know what's up g yo yo yo get it no okay
yeah
you're just speaking with like the place catering order hey ratchard yeah i was in your restaurant my wife and
i and and she was commenting as i was then it smelled like up dog like what up dog
what is up dog now what's up with you g get it
hey
yeah hi a gizantite hey i was in your place and it smelled like up dog what's up dog
and not much what's up with you g
yeah what's up dog what's up in dog yeah no
no i'm busy what what you want your place smelled like up dog okay bye get it
yeah hey how are you how's in your place and it smelled like up dog what is up dog
i don't know what's up with you g get it
i'm easy ain't you it's one seventeen is to him now you fast me a couple of pages here right
two pages right but that's it that's all of them that's it i put the columns all in one page
there are two pages rock and roll hall of fame and reason what is this early influences that
like a separate category categories right i think they both come out all right because uh yes
okay good performers uh early influences and what's this oh i non performers what what does that
mean i really don't know a lot about that like non performers they get funny odys oh sam phillips
and Phil speckin was like producers i i would have said right uh side men chat actins uh fluid
creamer well yeah we're gonna do this tomorrow i already got it written out you know another one
desperately ought to be on there and is not and i double check and triple check and quadruple check
Jim Krochi shamefully don't you agree with that some might say i would disagree but some might say
that it wasn't rock and roll that he was a folk ballad singer something like that you know there's
a million excuses for people not being on here get out of here get out of town i love our Johnny cash
he wasn't a rock and roll singer he was a country man country he's in there he's in there
so we have a buffalo springfield in the medley of their smash after all it's worth they were rock and roll
but they had one ahead i have issues they had one ahead yeah but it was an anthem
oh am i gonna have to find that now for what it's always they don't want to hear that
now that we do they ought to want to hear it they ought to want to be one they hear it
go back to the sixties man and wake up wake up and step the daffodils they're innocent people
dying every day we're butchering all of them people over there and erect your brothers and sisters
and sons and everybody's dying over there and nobody gives a flying craft and guess who's
gonna be at paulzone tonight you're gonna die when you hear this i guess what the topic is on
paulzone on cn at eight o'clock tonight you're gonna like jump out of that chair and hit
me get one of the baseball bat when you hear this actually split the purpose driven life that's
the name of that book you know that she was reading yeah yeah she was reading it or you know
something i forgot that this this this that boka brine made for me thanks a lot boka but there's
something with your equipment man better check your goods and since it is Tuesday where is his
stuff this week uh it won't play in the top machine here for some reason in fact it doesn't look
to me like it's gonna play in the bottom machine what's going on over here huh what is wrong with
this for what it's worth oh Jesus Christ exactly are you sure
okay that's it i went through all that effort just for that and there it is and let me look it up
into book okay let me look up buffalo springfield and see man i'm maybe my memory because i played that
on the years of district in 1979 i would say that's my guess i did i say something 69 uh buffalo
springfield oh 67 i'm way off what do you plan oh and it's another wreck way this one's by humber
dink that's inkelberg humber dink the composer not the modern singer
february 1867 it was uh let's see seven weeks uh let me wait for the chart right at number seven
and that's it that's the middle of their smash buffalo springfield and they're in the rock
and roll hall of fame now i'm sorry i am so sorry but that really frosts my ass even somebody like
me who knows so little about music point to our audience because i'm an old part while my taste
is terrible and yadda yadda and i've heard it in a million times and guess what are we don't care
let me join you in your ignorance because who the hell is Solomon Burke hey i think he was full
cousin the Abraham Solomon it's other performers Steven stills neo-deon Richard for a bruised palm
or doing martin the yadda yadda okay so because Steven stills and neo-deon were in the group
buffalo springfield therefore they were inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997
i got news for it there ought to be a revolution about that you know what people ought to be
phoned up and uh pirate off about it shouldn't they right they ought to i mean if you want
crossbeast stills a nash huh there you go and young and old hope of course it just went out
yesterday so okay it'll be here today sometime i'll keep my eye i'll keep an eye out for us
and of course cause these skills and ash are already in there right and then we're back to the
same year on 97 like i said
those are the days that's before everybody was like neutered talk about truck nuts man
and there ain't any real ones anymore everybody in america's been pretty much neutered
they've been neutralized and sanitized and iodized memories to sell that salt you didn't do it
in the cell salt when you were in school no they may be called candy bars no we sold salt salt
how what more than iodized salt that's kind of bizarre actually what well selling salt that
be like selling bread or any other staple that doesn't well there you go we used to sell salt
i don't know why it's a many years ago when i was a little teeny kid in school we have to go
door to door yeah we sold salt to raise money for some crap i don't know it was new back then
yeah right what was new what did i tell you about him huh maybe in Cuba it was
remember salty salt flashmen over there in Tampa used to do the sports
remember old salty salt no it was on tv in Tampa a hundred years ago well how did we get
off on this crap oh it's because they got the rock and roll i'm glad he called it that was good
see we got our own poles they're one that joy is gonna force upon us like he was gonna have us
tomorrow how many sheets of toilet paper to use each uh movement have you had a little
willy-john yes fever right i don't know and never have a little willy-john fever into morning oh that's
it really that was little willy-john well i mean it was a peggy lead did fever a lot of people
do little river band little Richard who was not in here i mean little river band is not in here
but little Richard is no no little Richard is but little little little willy-john i guess you're
gonna have to google it maybe didn't make the top hundred i'm sure he did fever okay maybe
maybe just had a bad fever by the way if you ever get all you folk now is the biography channel
on any of our cable done oh there it is yeah number 20 in 1956 i'm looking under uh the wrong
thing little willy-john that's the number 24 and 1956 fever also peggy lead and the macois had
fever and never recover from it ever the macois hang on slupy they got some strange criteria for
the thing on the stupid i would be surprised if the macois get in there one of these days too there's
so many marginal people wait till oh my god wait till the audience finds out all of these people
who are in and then a lot of people who are not right they're gonna start this is gonna be a
revolution baby Clyde they're gonna be marching on Cleveland they're gonna be uh making sorry for
that mistake on the lake i'll say they're what a horrible place of course i haven't been here in a
long time how can i make a judgment like that huh i was to Cleveland like twice in my life and
well what a horrible place god but a long time ago early sixties could be great now you think
and then i was back there in 71 we drove all the way to Cleveland we got a tip on a horse at
north field park outside of Cleveland the name of the horse was mr. z got it i got it mr. z
he was i told us during many times he was number one in the fifth race i had to winters in all the
first four races but was winning real lightly because we're saving all of our money to pile it up on
mr. z he went off at three to one he started out fifth and he got away in the middle of the race he
was fifth and he finished fifth not too good it's a long ride back to Detroit i'll tell you that
mr. z and then of course i met that obnoxious mr. z at pop it over park and i'll never you know i
always connected to losers losers mr. z mr. z go away mr. z and by the way fat rich hated you like
poison rest in peace what's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your house i feel like i'm
drugs or something i like i'm doing mushrooms i feel like incoherent and this must be like the
aftershock from yesterday morning maybe this maybe you're having a stroke no get out of here
stroke this no what's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your house or your car blow up
doll 163 butt plug 153 they're pretty close to close for comfort picture of George W. Bush is
climbing up there 86 dildo 58 she mailed porn 41 my spouse 31 car air freshener 27 log jam in the
bowl 22 i hate winners of bad log jam no two that's the worst body wash 22 which is silly backstreet
voice cd 9 to pay eight dolphins member videos 7 prep 8 6 play girl magazine 6 8 track player 6
truck nuts 5 toy dog 5 and a clay acon cd is already got four
students will help you
here
It's exclusively on 560
U.A.M.
Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna work.
Come baby
Overpeend the Frozen
Huh, type with shabby
Now noise
Sup
I grab a weighty nose down on a hot summer day, cause the AC don't work no way.
The sweaty pressure of our seats comes to smell and gets the dusty work in the whole day's time.
I'm a back-to-be-five, the shiny graphics smell like live, and it's my coffee-genic due to the sudden Washington quit on the road.
The whole day, we're over the Democratic Jerry Jerry.
The AC don't work no way.
I will shop at you, going over to people things.
The AC don't work no way.
First of all, it's the area we fancy to be busy to the whole day.
26-year-old Phil Mojaro David.
The former force of the dolphins coming along at 2 o'clock.
Like I said before, there's official day in case you missed it.
790, the ticket-waxy ESPN used to be where we're not in any more radio.
They got the dolphin broadcast, which means our talk people, our sports talk people, are going to be traction-dolphin-organization like they deserve it or so.
So I can tell you, no more restraints, take off the restraints.
Speaking of turd and assess pool, that's dark times.
I realize that Miguel, first of all, don't want to hear this.
And you especially don't because it's from Cabernet Hillbob, not Blue Dot.
Oh, yeah, I hate that site.
The rant, Doug Thompson. He's the best. He's my new hero.
Another turd and assess pool. That's the headline. It's on our website.
Or at least it will be when Josh gets out of jury duty.
Is this just going to be a one-day deal? Do we know?
Should be.
For people with a modicum of intelligence, the question has never been asked whether or not Tom Delay is a crook.
How anyone with an IQ above that of an average plant knows the Texas Republican is on the take always has been.
The only real question is how long it will take brain-dead Republicans to finally admit their scandal scarred house majority later is a political liability last to go.
House figure Dennis Haster, dispirited in a polling campaign to protect Delay at all cost, even with mounting evidence that this typical Texas good old boy politician is for sale to the highest bidder.
By doing so, Haster, and his politics above honesty policies, proves the GOP is just as corrupt as they look the other way political machines that have controlled Congress since the horse in buggy days.
Delay's sorted reputation already swirled by a grand jury investigation into his influence peddling and money laundering schemes took another hit last week for the revelations that he is family and staff took a $70,000 pay off from Indian gambling interest for his help in killing legislation they didn't like.
In typical Delay style, the lobbyist laundered the money through the right wing national center for public policy research which then used the funds to pay for a junk at the Scoutland for Delay's family and staff.
Powerful Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff also under investigation for influence peddling arranged the trip.
When confronted with a new allegations, Delay pulled a Michael Jackson publicity diverting stunt, checking himself into a Bethesda medical center for what is staff called minor fatigue and heart irregularity.
That brought a lot of chuckles from Washington insiders, Tom Delay can't have a heart condition Joff won lobbyist because in order to have a heart condition more must first have a heart.
After and his minions have tried everything to protect on Delay from the inevitable, reading the House Ethics Committee of any Republican within a ball is to question the majority of the U.S. crimes and ramming through new rules that will script the committee of any power to take action even if they find wrong doing.
Meanwhile, back in Texas, Travis County prosecutor Ronnie Earl has delaying his sights. With indictments of three delay competence already in this pocket, Earl says he'll follow the truth wherever it leads.
This isn't about politics, Earl said it isn't about Democrats and Republicans, it's about cops and robbers and the abuse of power. Unfortunately, it's all about politics and the abuse of power.
The Republican leadership in the House will use all the politics it can to protect Tom Delay and the House Speaker, then the statute will continue to use the power of his office to protect his deep henchmen.
Tom Delay ain't the only thing that stinks in the Pukrid Cesspool called the Congress of the United States. He just happens to be the most current turd to bubble up to the surface.
You perks, you know what I mean about Doug Thompson, you'll mess with him, he's the best, he's great, but that is great. Even though it is on Capitol Hill's view like Tom, a website that you for some bizarre reason have nothing but hate and revolts high or that's it.
Boy, can you imagine the number of names where you have like we might have to do a four part around that thing. It's supposed to be really upset about that.
A lot of great people in groups that should be in there, but are not. I think Jan and Dean belong and everything now that I think about it, I think I was right.
Sure, why not? I mean, it couldn't sing a lick, but they had a lot of big hits. Isn't that what it's all about? I got issues with some of these other people.
Let's take a look at some of the ones that are in there. I don't want to like tip all, huh? Clyde McFatter.
Hey, don't be not in Clyde McFatter, baby, that's before your time 50s, he was great. No kidding. He was. Well, she loved me.
Labyrinth Bakers. Who? Labyrinth Bakers. Well, that's that's old old. That's also 50 stuff. Hank Ballard. Hank Ballard, the Midnighters, baby. In fact, didn't Hank Ballard? What was he? What do you do? The twist before Chubby Checker? I don't know.
Why why are you going to be doing this today? This is tomorrow's show and now you got me just like the audience. I'm always knocking in for like doing stuff for the next days.
He's pulled and now you're doing the same thing to me. Harold Ballard, former owner of the Maple Leafs, finger-popping time. The twist. There we are. Tonya. Okay, good. All right. Now let's see. Wait a minute. When did Chubby Checker do the twist? Let's see who had it voiced.
I mean, when anybody if you said the twist, would anybody say, Hank Ballard, Midnighters? No. No, they say Chubby Checker. Now Chubby Checker's got to be in there, right? Chubby Checker is not in the Hall of Fame. He's not.
Ah! And Hank Ballard in the Midnighters is R and oh my God, that's enough to make me want to puke. How about the Suhi, Ertagund? Look at all the hits Chubby Checker head.
Now let's see, 860, just a minute. And 718, there are no wait, and 829. So he beat him by like three weeks. Chubby Checker beat Harold Ballard in a minute. And anyway, look at that. The Hucklebuck Pony time. Let's twist again. The fly.
They released the twist again in 61 and went to number one for two more weeks. Limbo Rock. Just a whole list of stuff here.
And Harold Ballard in the Maple Leafs and Hank Ballard in the Midnighters. They had the finger poppin time, covered the twist and had a big hit on it.
Let's go, let's go, let's go. The Hootsie Cootsie Crew. Let's go again. The cut in a walk in a switcher room. The swisher room. Some kind of...
Yeah. To me. Kidney. You're right.
I think we need a lawsuit on this. Don't you? Let's have some justice, baby. Let's have Larry Justice. Let's have him drag his old ass back into it. What do you say?
Oh, here we go. He's old enough to remember all of these things.
You're a senior of Peter Rogers. The rest of you can run, dude.
You're a am.
Your butt is wrecked. You've seen his film. You'll even purchase the dayglow velvet memorial paintings at the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you'll think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more.
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversation. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes.
Hello, baby. This is Elvis. I want you to come over right now and take me a big peanut butter and then a sump.
A big little butter and then a sump. I'm really good with the diet.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments.
All of these are my pieces of Elvis. The other is the Elvis.
I want you to bring over a couple of large cars. Don't make it three. Don't make it six. Double cheers.
Yeah, I'm hungry. I'm a little bit hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
I want you back. I want you back in my life, baby.
I want you to wait back. Would you pick up some donuts, please?
Make your drink, don't.
Crullest genius day this too.
I love my baby honey glows, don't. Without them, I can't do.
The Elvis tape.
Available now. We run stores everywhere.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
We've got two and we've got most ended by two of Mad Dog at four.
And then you have basketball and I see you. I'm in South Carolina at seven.
For life of me, I just don't understand little Willie John.
Hey, I mean, he had, you know, a hit on fever in 1956, but that was a middle of his smash.
I mean, little Willie John is an obscure as a poopy compo.
I say it's politics, man. You know what it is?
Well, little Willie John, what kind of politics did he have going on?
Who knows what he alerts?
I mean, what is his crap? Wait till tomorrow.
Right. Now, let me ask you, the Del Vikings on here.
Oh, and the Del's are on here, of course, but not the Del Vikings.
Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly.
These people must have musical taste in their tush.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
Those phones are just smoking, aren't they?
Don't you Q.A.M. Hello?
Charm, butter.
Yes, see what I mean?
I don't think I want him on no more.
You know what I'm saying? I'm just really tired. What's his name again?
Yeah. Well, that was actually someone pretending to be here.
No, no, that was him. Oh, no, that was trust me.
Dero Dero Dero Noski.
Who is it? Dero Dero Noski.
Oh, Dero Noski.
Oh, Dero Noski. We're tired of you.
And we're not going to put it on you.
We've got 17.85 second delays.
Okay. So we're just really sick and tired of you.
Just, you know, somebody other idiots we don't care.
But in your case, get a life.
Go back to your security guard, watch guard, house or whatever you're doing.
Your dog, house and get lost.
How many QAAM, hello?
Thank you, Neil God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, buddy guy, I drove him in a town car in Murdo Beach.
Very, very cool, Oki guy.
When he was a kid, he got himself some chili.
Who?
Opened it house of blues for James Brown, the blues brothers.
Who?
Who?
Who?
It was very cool.
Very cool guy.
Oh, buddy guy.
Everybody got him.
But it's just like BB King, another funky diabetic.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
He's, he's, he's stabbing it right now, man.
He's stabbing it four or five times an hour.
And his finger too.
Five, six, seven, oh, buddy guy, he was talking about.
That's the reason we didn't recognize it.
Because we didn't know who he was before.
We still don't know who he is.
And quite frankly, we don't care.
Not that we want to be disrespectful, but we just don't care.
WQAM, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got one for the poll.
My smelly old mother-in-law.
Your mother-in-law?
That's excellent.
Okay.
My mother-in-law is fantastic.
That's going to go zooming up the list, don't you think?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Absolutely, man.
My mother-in-law.
Absolutely.
You watch.
You mark, mark it down right now, right on your wrist.
I'll mark it down.
Put it on the list you got there with that rock and roll hall of fame craft for tomorrow.
Now, let me see the Del Vikings.
I want to write down some of my own on this list.
Because that's just, it's just ridiculous on the face of it, man.
Now, it rages.
You don't think?
I do.
I mean, this is important heavy-to-be stuff.
This is the music of our lives, man.
This is important.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I sure enjoyed your show over the years.
And I'd like to say a quick excerpt from a song just to hope that it cheers up your day for you.
No thanks.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, George there?
Yeah, he's here.
I sent him an envelope last week.
Did he get it?
Well, my Jesus prayer rod?
Yeah, I got it.
It doesn't matter if I could plug it up on the wall.
Okay, pretty funny, huh?
I like it.
I posted it.
Did you see what it says?
You stare at it.
I'm not just thinking about the guy with Jesus.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I go to people with houses.
I go to these old people with houses and I see him hanging up once in a while.
Yeah.
Well, it's kind of leaves something on the radio.
It kind of leaves a little bit to be interpreted, you know?
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know what he's talking about.
I'm saying that it doesn't translate well to people.
It doesn't work real well on the radio is what I'm saying.
Well, let me hold it up to the microphone.
Yeah, hold it up to the mic.
And then tell him to call you at home in a two-minute,
and he'll be waiting for you.
What do you say?
How many QAMs?
Very Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, man?
Good.
Hey, I know you have no topic, but I know it's kind of fallen under the radar, but I
do feel like you're going crazy about that Terry Shivell.
I talked about that before.
I actually want to go on.
I'm sorry.
I would be like, they're rushing to pass all this freaking registration.
It's like, what about all these abused kids at home?
I mean, it's correct for you.
Hey, listen.
I don't care about abused kids.
I don't care about abused kids.
Think about anybody else.
I don't care about his Terry Shivell.
She's the post-it-child forward to stick to tune.
I mean, I've been sitting back, like, washing with absolute disgust.
You just have me.
The direction that this country has been going,
unless the four years ago is correct.
That's the whole of the correction.
Yes.
Just the overall feeling of just incolourants, you know, those disguised as, you know,
four, thinking, people, these right-wingers.
I still see tons of bush stickers on.
And I've nothing but the intent for these people. I mean I know like I said I know spawn is a radar
But every way she would go out and rerid or buy a copy of fair night 9 9 11
Yeah, and just refresh all your memories. Yeah, maybe one of my 1984 by George Orwell to the movie and the book and take a picture of those two
I was quite a good pair all my friends
When you go to Amsterdam, and if it's a lot easier brother
Oh
Brother and they're really just amazing to you don't you just find it astonishing?
Remember a rough Edwards in that TV show for 100 years ago. This is your life
And of course that describes this show for so many of you this is your life. I have no life
560
