They back to a toasty 28. It'll be real nice.
You get used to it.
You dress for it. Yeah. By the way, Denise Potman, somebody
ought to tell you how to like give you a knuckle sandwich and just shut you up.
You know, rumor hated him like poison for among many other reasons,
but the fact he would constantly talk too much while rumors tried to do the play
by play in the same with Davis straighter. He's probably going to kill that man
before the season's halfway over. Panthers finally played a good game last night.
I watched quite a bit of it. And by the way, if there was 14,000,
they must have been hiding in the toilets. But anyway,
and he just won't stop talking. And there's nothing worse than when a goal
is being scored in the color guys got up up up up up. And they're like,
shut up Denise. Okay, nobody wants to hear your crap. You dumb frog. But anyway,
he has used a dumb frog. Probably was tested by the gallon. He probably got a
hose. I watched a little bit. You watch what? A little bit of the game last night.
Really? Yep. Had a trick for Nathan Hart and nice
going Nate. Then I watched the heat game. Yeah. And to be honest with you,
I fell asleep. Oh, well, there you go. You know, you know what? I had a long day
Monday. Decided to be at the stadium at four o'clock. That game Monday night went
four hours. It wasn't over until almost one o'clock in the morning. And then I
had to go do interviews after the game. I got back to the hotel. I was a little
left at two. And that's that's enough. Yeah, I mean, I liked the job yesterday.
Yeah, I took yesterday off. I deserve it. Well, I think I'll take today off.
Meanwhile, mad dog. I'm the guy with the bad contractor out here. Yeah, I was
trying to figure out he works two hundred and twelve days a year. Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah. Two twelve out of three sixty five. So if you take the weekends off,
that's a hundred days is two. I figured it out. He gets twelve weeks off. Yeah,
that's right. Makes our deals parallel to win significance. How many weeks off do
you get? I get six weeks and then I get the summertime deal for two days a week.
See, I get six weeks. Yeah, that's it. Well, that's it. Yeah, I mean,
I have a deal. Six weeks plus all these other isolated days that you don't know.
No, no, those count towards the win lighting. There would ABC. I go in and those
count towards my six weeks. Mickey Rooney slots club. No, here is that's part of my
really. Yep. I get thirty vacation days. I think you are the interesting thing.
I tell you who's got mandates even beaten. That's our sales department. They get
three hundred and sixty five days. Yeah, well, that's a different story. Wow.
That's just called Jake. I have never seen anything like what's going on.
Now it's it's a disgrace. Maybe they're working for a cross the street.
Maybe they're moonlighting over there selling a dollar a holler. I don't know,
but I see a cross the street get quoted all the time now. Yeah.
That's what I heard that the story on the local news channels. Oh, and oh,
Jay McCuffey said this and said, well, Rosencrantz said that and Dan La Bastion
all over the place. And they still have no audience. They still got a chair.
Maybe nobody's reading newspapers either. Now they read them. They just don't pay me
attention, which we've known for a long time. Let me say it again. When sixteen
ninety or whatever that nineteen hundred on the dial, the Ferdinand or South Florida
went on the year very jackass and a hero put it on the front page of the news.
Yeah, they had more testies, distraught and Jim Barry. I Jim.
You're a bunch of other silly people on there. And they still didn't see how long that
lasted. It's kind of like the newspapers take the light and try to like a bash
Ross. You know, I think it's because of you and me. They hate us like poison.
Well, I know I'm not popular there. And the feeling is mutual. Who cares?
The hero's hated me since I first came to town. I had the audacity to rip them
and ask. And ever since then, they've been trying to like rip. Who cares?
Yep. Remember the thing that Mark Fisher wrote? Remember Mark Fisher?
No, I don't. He was a reporter for the hero they went to Washington to the post
no less. But anyway, I was in the hero TV book on a Sunday and they wrote that
thing. They had a picture of me on the cover with the tears coming down my
eyes with the phone and no calls. And the premise of it was it was going to be a
real glowing piece about my big rating. And they just sliced me an ass in there,
you know, and then they kept dropping to take the picture. They kept dropping
these glycerin drops down my eyes in the front of my face. I then practically had
to take a bat in that crap by the time I got done. They must have been laughing
or ass off. Glisterin drops? Yeah, to make it look like I was crying, you know.
So I can do that in a press conference too. No, Pat Riling, yeah.
Crocodile, the whole thing was a crock. Why is it? Why is it when somebody gets
fired? They can't just say you're fired at it. I said the other day, they ought
to bring in Donald Trump. You're fired at it, okay? Or maybe Moke do it. You're fired at it.
They don't do it. They don't do it. Yeah, I can. As opposed to this crap. Well, for personal
reason, that's a crock of baloney, okay? And all these people on here waxing so romantic
about all these such a family man, give me a break. He got fired. So just like Shula got fired.
Well, there was a great line. Who the hell wrote it the other day? Well, the difference
here is that he left money on the table. If he was fired, he would have taken all the
money. Who's that? Van Gundy. He got fired. Then why do you leave a million dollars on
the table? You can ask him. I don't know. You're fine. I mean, if I was fired, yeah, I would
certainly want to take what's coming to me. Well, you're taking it to face value. Maybe
there's a little something something that doesn't meet the either. I thought I don't know
that we know the whole story. Maybe somebody slipped in the Mickey. Just like the mayor,
they slipped him the Mickey when they built that arena down there. That's for sure. It's
like elephant. It's beautiful. A arena up there in Broward. Too bad there's nobody going
to it. Boy, last night you see, they hit the National Telecast. I'm a hockey package
last night. So unlike if it was the Panther Telecast, they weren't showing all the tight shots
you know, or the ice. So you couldn't see the stands. And several times during the game
that I went, I was watching they pulled back and they showed the nearly empty vacuum
stand. I mean, there was nobody there. It would be like 4,000 people. So when they put
14, I guess whatever the attendances, they put a one in front of it. You go to games up
there. Huh? Do you go to games up there? Absolutely not. No. The ticket prices are ridiculous.
And I got a nice big, I got the same TV as you got. Why do I want to go to the games?
That's not a bad building, is it? The air candidate center. Yeah. It's not like
me believe gardens. It's lacking an atmosphere, but nevertheless, it's it's miraculous
what is an old post office. I was in that building. It's miraculous what they did with it.
And it's also miraculous that the raptors such as they are and they leave both play
in the same building. No problem. I like that. Didn't even have a separate building because
of some big fat egos. No, actually, I enjoy watching the games at home. I get to your
Joe Bowen and Harry Neal who are two of the very best. Now, don't hear a gildy. It's
the way it goes. Oh, okay. Dave Strader was calling a good game last night. I think
he finally broke out of his cocoon. He was excited when a panther scored, which is
where it's supposed to be with the knees. Seriously, I've never heard a guy that motor
mouth is pop up up up. Why doesn't somebody in the organization tell him to put us sock
in and already shut him up? I got one of guys trying to do the play by play that is not
the time to be a talk. I got a great story. I don't know if I got time here about a nightmare
ahead last night. Hey, we're on your year. Yeah.
Airby nightmare. I've ever had, which I don't have that many thank goodness, but is about
this business. Airby single one. And last night I had a nightmare. Do you ever have a dream
that like in like a soap opera just goes in chapters and just keeps going on. If you
feel like you were dreaming it all night long, well, that's how this was. Oh, yeah. I
know what you're talking about. And I'm doing an appearance for the station at some place
right next to the stadium. And I'm like in this store where they got all these mannequins
and all the people are shopping and they're crazy. And then I have to carry the amplifier
to go up to do the broadcast myself because Duff had a sore throat, which that part is
true, by the way. And I think that's what stimulated my nightmare. And I'm leaving the
store and this the manager, she comes out, well, what's wrong with you? You're not going
to allow those mannequins over and you're bumping into people. They're even how to behave.
I thought to myself, you're certainly bitch, you know. And then the next thing I know
I've been the press box at the stadium to do the orange ball game on QAM. And Clarence
is sitting in front of a microphone. One of those old fashioned mics with the kind of
like wiggle around the microphone at circular thing. And he's facing away from the
field and he said, this is hours before the game. And he's saying they're screaming
doing play by play. And I've never I've heard about Ernie of Carter used to call a racist
imaginary before the race. Yeah. Well, this is what Clarence was doing. He's screaming
any alley. There's no game going on. And I sit down and I think the game is going to
be at 720 at 730 and it's already 720. And I'm in a cold sweat. I got no lineups. I have
no idea who's playing what. And then the engineer who's like some imaginary person who doesn't
exist. He's given me a hard time because I haven't set the amplifier up right now. I'm
supposed to do my own engine hearing. It's just it's just when I see your dream. Yeah.
Oh, every nightmare I have about radio. It's either either about being a dish jockey. And
my record is ending. I don't have another record queue up. It's always about being unprepared,
you know. I had a nightmare about radio with you other day. Yeah. I dreamt that they
brought Gary Bruce here as program director. Really? Now what would that would be worse?
Gary Bruce being there or somebody resigning a new deal.
Do do do do do do. Did that happen? I had no idea. That's what I'm saying. I'm conjecturing.
I don't know what we don't get told anything. You know, we're in the dark. Of course,
this is the stale Roger show anyway. So that's the new deal, the new line. Oh, I have no
idea what's going on with that guy. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he starts pretty
soon. I urge everyone who's listening now not to listen to the show that precedes me.
It used to be the other way around you know. That that to me that was the first. I never heard
anything quite like that in my life. I urge everyone who's listening not to listen to the show.
I don't know if you could stand that much of an audience fall out. Yeah.
You probably have to go find real work someplace. I mean, that would be a desire.
Yeah. All those listeners dropped out like losing OJ McDuffie's share. Well anyway,
we covered all of we covered all the bases on your first day back.
A couple more days. How'd it go on vacation?
Geez. What happened? It's been a long time since my last vacation. It was in October for
Christ's sake. Oh, geez, you need one. You're right. Yeah. New one badly.
I may take a day or two. Why are you sure? Encounters against your six weeks now.
I know. They count. Do they really? They keep track? Clarence informed me.
What I had left the rush for the rest of the year. They really? Yep. How many you got?
About 40. I got about one. It's only 18 days left. 17 days in luck in the year.
Okay. And that guy's actually working today again, which is three in a row. I don't
know. I just said the days is last day for the rest of the year. For the rest of the year?
Yep. Get out of here. I'm not. Would I kid you? Today is his last show for the rest of the year.
Today is the 14th of December. This is what he said yesterday.
Oh, no. Wow. What a deal. I'm redoing my deal. That's what they say.
I just got to. I'm going to hold a careline beastly.
Man, that's that's not good. So what do we got to do? You're going to be going to?
I'll be going all next week. Georgia will be there with you. Yeah, that's okay.
I'll be going all next week and then I'm coming back. What's crazy? How are you?
How are you? Working on the 26th, which is the official Christmas day. It's Boxing Day here,
but I'm working on the 26th because of so Georgian. Go on vacation.
I wanted to take that day off because I'm in New York to 25th. Yeah.
Well, we'll make up a ballgame. I'll call the orange ballgame. That's a good idea.
Or Claire or Clarence can call it. Yeah. That was some dream, man. I could have made a full-length
motion picture out of that dream. He's sitting there in front of his little sanctioned microphone.
He's came out. He's up at 20. He's up at 1 o'clock. And there's no game going on. It was just it was
amazing. He just off his rocker. That's right. Well, I was working Monday night and there was no
game going on. I know that. That's for the answer. Four hours of no game. Oh, God. Look at that.
It's already time for my first break. So listen, have a great day. You're welcome. I'll give you
a regards to everybody it would by in this afternoon. Oh, please do. I'll be at the door at 30 seconds past
the clock. Don't lose too much. I'll try. Okay. I'll still be on it. You too.
Hi, this is Red Deer Annie Molar. Eight Lanacos Mortgage is the only mortgage company in
South Florida, the same location since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch
and ready to help serve you. If you want a free cruise, don't call them. If you want it,
terrain on a sunny day, don't call them. If you don't want the paid closing costs, don't call them.
If you want great rates and you want to be treated with straight stock, call them.
It's in day call 059440733 or in Broward of Arm Beach at 954 987 8077 for a Atlantic Coast
Market, ORBB. That's Orange Bull Basketball or is it double-header basketball
ball featuring coach Leonard Hamilton's Florida State Seminole's,
co-inc at the Court for Nebraska Cornhuskers, followed by your hometown hurricanes,
challenging NCAA Final Four Powerhouse Louisville's Cardinals in their legendary coach. This
is the most disgusting program ever everyone to complain to this station.
Ow! What's the matter, honey? This hard crusty snot is impossible to dig out. It hurts.
That used to be me, but not since I discovered boogies. Boogies? You mean by the beijies?
Oh silly. Boogies. It liquefies dried stubborn snot on contact, so it slides right out.
Here, give it a try. Okay. Now blow.
Hey, boogies works great. Take a look. I'll say it works. Looks like you picked me a winner.
From now on, I'm going to get boogers better with boogies.
All right, 10-14 already. It's way past their first break. How do you like that?
Yeah, I like it a lot. I think it's way past our last break. Isn't it like about 157 already?
Hey, the little thing is when you deer to compare, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand
of vehicles in the entire USA. And it's not Florida. The only Ford dealer you want to be
shopping at is Armstrong Ford of Homestead. Now the holidays are here. Maybe your car was
damaged. You just want a new ride. Well, now is the time to get on down and see our good friend,
David Rich, and let him put your ass behind the wheel of a brand new Armstrong Ford. And now is
the good time, too, because right now at Armstrong Ford of Homestead, they got some fantastic
offers and incentives waiting on you. Get $1,000 cash back or financing as low as 0% on a
Ford 500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cash back on Explorer expedition. How about $2,000 cash back on
a scape and $2,500 cash back on focus certain restrictions applied? And when you buy a Ford from
Armstrong Ford, you'll also on top of all of this great stuff get their exclusive tires and
batteries for life program. David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee the best
price and because it's a locally owned and operated shop, it'll treat you so good you won't even
believe it because they want you to come back again and again. You won't get a better deal on
Ford anyplace, no bait and switch, no phone, any deal. So call David Rich at 305-247-51.
Problem times me want the Neal deal. Armstrong Ford of Homestead, 307-25, South Fixie Highway,
just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the wicked web, ArmstrongCars.com,
then drive a few miles extra to save yourself thousands and millions of dollars at Armstrong Ford
of Homestead. This is Neal Rogers. This is 5.62.8. Oh my God, Gage. Gage.
Oh, God, oh, God. Yeah.
That was good. Oh, man.
Neal Rogers, weekage from 10-2-1-5-6-2-8-8.
Here's what's happening online at WQAM.com. Enter the American Express, the
Prices Right Holiday Trivia Game to improve $100 American Express gift cards this holiday season
on WQAM.com. The American Express gift card, instead of one place, it's good all over the place.
And that was happening online, a service of
2AM.
Every Sunday, QAM presents the Leo Pregame Show.
Power has got a passer rating of 60. Can I put that in terms? Maybe our general items
will be 9-21 right now today. 9-21 for 92 years. Precisely the point I'm trying to make with a
passer rating of 60. If you've great women, one through 10, 10 being the highest,
Rosio Donald would be a 60 if she had a pass. Oh, great. Good, good. And you're 9-3 with
Rosio Donald. Right in there with WP Goldberg. Please, give me Paul Mueller. Give me Rosy.
The real Pregame Show. This Sunday at 10. Here on Sports Radio 560, QAM.
The Miami Heat Show featuring Pat Riley, Randy Fond, and all Miami Heat players is on one
station. This station. President must make a suit he resorted game.
The shooting every Wednesday at 8.30 with Hank Oberg and the Miami Heat Show,
exclusively on Sports Radio 560, QAM. When it comes to sports, we're the authority.
Ryan, you're on WQM. With our heat going on, we'll share coming back and everything.
Players like Antoine Walker are going to get wide open jump shots. So maybe when
Shaq comes back, things are going to work out better for our heat and everything. I'm just
curious, what do you think about that? Maybe it's his vision. Maybe he needs to go to Pearl
Vision Center. It closes at about 7 o'clock and go in there and get his eyes tested.
May he get some lasex? I think they only give that the horses.
Not lasex, the lasex. Oh, I'm sorry.
I would even apt into the four sports radio 560, QAM.
You're a bastard.
He's
and he's not a white man.
He's rather than deep right.
The elders are not in town. They're vertically bloodshrained.
So
what a pain.
So
car Christmas trees.
Your botanical friends.
Much more of this to do.
I'll need a defense.
Yes, girls are now free women.
When they're under 10.
But in the beginning.
What we all see man.
We must be so careful.
And not to get far.
The things in the home that are under my side,
Because our creatures grow viciously.
Your fail is achieving a deep-ish insane.
If you want to be a DC insider,
Then start calling hookers,
Sex-care providers.
So we can't call this great fun.
It's not the main reason why we're going to go back.
What the hell do you expect?
10-21-560.
There's a little something for the people who like Fox News and Bill O'Reilly.
I noticed even the last couple of months of NBC News last night,
They started to catch up with the ABC.
There's this big flat going on between those people who call a Christmas.
No, there's not.
There isn't any flat.
Nobody's objecting to anybody saying Merry Christmas or Happy New Year or Happy Chinooka or Happy Holidays.
It's just in the contrived bunch of crap to change the subject.
And a fundraising scheme.
Change the subject and send out all the fundraising letters, fall well in Robertson,
All these other crazy goyms and send out the fundraising.
And we have to battle the ACLU and all these organizations are trying to take their Christ out of Christmas.
And of course they carry it in other STEM.
And they want to take their Christ out of the schools.
So of course Christ don't belong into schools, the public schools anyway.
Because you know, there are a lot of people that don't believe in Jesus in the public schools.
Well, you better Mr. or else.
Yeah, or else we're going to get your ass.
It's just pathetic.
And so then the mainstream media in this country continue in your country rather,
continue missing the point over and over again because they're scared to death of organized religion.
And so all of this hatred that's caused by all the religions came out of my genius.
You know, I know it's my God.
It's Joseph Smith and him tablets and it's Buddha and it's you know,
Alon, all this other crap.
That's what it's all about.
But you people in the media are just scared of your own shadow.
Well, somebody might be offended by that and Jerry Fell will much start a campaign.
Yeah, right.
Yamama.
Well, this is pretty marginally interesting that the chronic and cocoa fact is this morning.
AOL member Polis morning has the Afghanistan and Iraq wars been worth the monetary cost.
No, neither has 55% Afghanistan has 24% yes, both have 21% and only Iraq has,
so might they only know 1% have the wars been worth the cost in lives.
No, neither has 62% Afghanistan has 19% yes, both have still 19% because Iraq has his got.
Like like across the street 0% like Joel Saad Joel a fine bird Spinebird 0% pretty hard to have a 0% anything.
You know what?
Yeah, how many Q.A.M. Hello?
All right.
Can you say?
Yeah.
You're fair.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hey, keep it coming love.
No, Q.A.M.
I'm too nervous.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, the whisper is nervous today.
How do you like that?
No, that was not right, but that was the Cuban whisper.
Yeah, whoever was their bosses in the room.
Oh, WQ.A.M. or their wife.
I remember a call like that Q.A.M. Hello.
But the Neil Rogers, how are you?
Okay, sir. How are you?
Happy, uh, dinner, a holiday.
Happy to Luca.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, okay, that was a just call to wish me a happy, uh, Anuka.
So we did the poll yesterday and I'm glad it happened during the show so that people we could have eye and ear witnesses to it.
The creeping nice job.
By the way, Eric, he's got the, uh, the asterisk and the a creep on there.
Nice to have an ass.
Correct.
Don't risk.
Ever get your free pond?
Anyway, I got my coupon and my coupon.
My great poop on.
Yeah.
So you don't have to get the same pool we had done before.
And the interesting thing is that it was creeped even worse than the first one.
We took 1667 votes the first time.
And then we realized we left a whole bunch of people off here including far out.
We did it again.
We did it right.
1492, I cut it off at that point, put the new pool on there.
1492 was a very good year for Isabella.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality or show it last 25 years,
is we put so many people on there, but it takes me till about 130 to get through this list.
Randy Rhodes, freaked.
374.
I would say the accurate number would be about 80.
Because during the show, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all of a sudden,
all of a sudden, I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
I was like, what's the point?
Thanks, crackpot.
The crackpot.
The perfect Christmas gifts for the strung out junkie and your family.
Available now at the Bob Marley Parry's in the early store.
Speaking of crackpot, don't forget to mullmice there coming up at 2 o'clock.
10.33, 27 to 11 o'clock.
Here's the poll anyway.
No wonder why there's long polls on it.
Yep, you've got it.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality or show at the last 25 years is,
Randy Rhodes freaked 374.
When in doubt tossed that one out, totally bogus.
At least 250 pony votes again.
Who do you think was responsible for that?
Yeah, you know, I don't know.
And that wasn't the only one with some pony votes on it.
We'll get to that very shortly.
Maybe her fan club.
Phil Henry, 218.
Are you sure?
Jim Mandage, 155.
Last show at the year for the Mad Dog.
Today, be sure to be glued to your radio between four and seven.
I'd tape it and listen to it over and over again every day.
Get out to.
Rick and Spud, a susan, Rick 120.
George had 83, a very solid day rock solid.
Rock solid.
He asked me a fifth play, actually fourth.
Well, we'll never know what her real number is.
That's the sad part.
Hank Goldberg, 58th, a Humper.
Scott for Ralph 54.
Not nearly as much as some people thought.
They thought he'd go zooming up there to compete with the big boys.
Well, you better be fucked if you're going to compete with the big boys.
So Kimbo said, you beat him by a mile by the way.
Bob lasted her 50.
Do we believe that?
No.
No.
So evidently, that idea had about that little mechanical yellow bird.
A little bird.
The drinking bird.
Yeah, the drinking bird that pecks back and forth and rocks back and keeps pecking on the keyboard.
evidently, that was going on over there.
But I said her 50.
No chance.
Jazz McKay 28, Rod and Rod 20.
And the reason I say that, I didn't think on the era for a zillion years including in this market.
So Jazz McKay 28, Rod and Rod 28.
Herman, I'm being a Mcmean 27.
Micronary 25.
Jeff DeFloris 24.
Mohar David did it.
It had 20 votes.
The first time we did this, only 18.
Wow.
At Kaplan 17, Big Wilson 14, Ricky Tiki Shaw 13, tied with Castanova 13.
Unlucky number, Paulie.
The booster had 11.
Lenny Martez, Joe Rose, Alice Rantell, each had 10.
How'd Alice get 10 on here?
And the first time we did this thing, we had a lot more votes on it by the way.
Alice had two.
So I meant to dose.
Must have been a lot more gay voters on this.
Dan LaBasterd, only 8.
Boy, I'd tell you when Lenny Martez beats you by a 2, you really got problems, Danny Boy.
In fact, he's tied with a crow and crate wording in sunny Fox.
Dan LaBasterd.
Boy, not too good, Danny.
The big rock solid.
Oh.
And got 7.
Joseph Yankees 6.
Now that's most amusing.
The most, your favorite local radio personality.
Wait until he hits that transplant, man.
He'll be dangerous.
Dave Capreda, Joy Reynolds, and Jerry Wittner, Alan Burkeville, called her 6th of
P's, Don Cox 5.
Tom Liches, the Big Fat Dead Larry Kent IV, Greg Viedel IV, Stan Major IV, Steve Cain IV.
Wow.
What did Steve owe having the first one?
08.
And now he's kind of slipping down on the pole.
John Broward III, Robert Young III, Lee Fowler III, they're all dead.
Bill Tanner III, Sandy Payton III, they're alive.
A tooth brow exponent who died in my dream last night, by the way, mate, that's an omen, you think?
I wouldn't be surprised if a bulletin comes over during the show today.
Alice Bennett croaked on the radio.
Would you see who they signed on XM?
I forgot.
Some nobody.
Does nobody have a nickname?
Not following that.
Kimba Bo camper, Norma Kent, Jerry Williams, and Steve Geldie Yeltsin had two apiece.
One for Davey Gravy line, my spindle.
Let's play trivia.
You don't want to have a good time.
What's wrong with you people?
Ernie Sochin had one Shirley Peters Drew Michaels Alan Courtney had one in Bill Smith one, you believe it?
No.
And no votes for only two people.
Debbie Ellis and Joyce Kaufman had the big deal.
Oh.
How do you like that?
Norma Kent had a pair.
What was that name?
Somebody called in the other day from the light bulb yesterday.
But boy, that was something.
Somebody nobody ever heard of.
That would just caught me off guard.
Yeah, I forgot.
Through me for a loop.
Uh oh, speaking of getting thrown for a loop, students arrested for oral sex in classroom.
Oh my god.
And Jacksonville no less.
Oh, I'm crackers up there and going to cut into that.
Sure they were crackers.
I'm talking about the residents of all of all.
All right.
And then great residents of Jacksonville, man.
Them good old Southern Yahoo, a nose pickin' boys.
That's the crowd.
Three first coast students are facing criminal charges after a teacher says they were involved in oral sex in the classroom.
Oh my god.
Christopher Lame 18 is accused of paying a 16 year old girl to perform the act on another boy at Sandlewood High.
Now that's an interesting thing isn't it?
Right. Maybe it was an oral exam.
Or maybe it just likes to watch.
Those two are under-aid so first coast news is not releasing their identities.
Sandlewood administrative military first coast news is channel 25 and whatever it is in Jacksonville.
Sandlewood administrative saved the act having under a table under a table and a large classroom full of students so the teacher had limited visibility.
But was probably trying to get a better look.
The news is catching even veteran educators by surprise.
It is not indicative of any school in Dubal County said acting principal Jack Shanklin was acting pretty bad if he asked me.
I've been an education a long time.
I've never seen a situation like this in any educational setting.
He said all three students have been assigned to alternative schools.
And so maybe the alternative will be a different kind of sex which of course we can't say on the air but nevertheless.
What do you think?
Okay.
That would be an alternative anyway.
Anyway, sitting here you go oral sex under the under a table in a large classroom full of students.
Well, maybe there's like biology class maybe there's like a little lesson going on there you think could be.
And here's today's pool.
Well, we've got so many pool.
Let's try to slow this whole deal down.
What do you say?
I got tomorrow's already fast era coming so I'm so far ahead of my pool strategy.
8.59 our goal is a thousand during the show so I think we got a pretty good shot.
Don't you it's safe?
No pressure.
No stress.
8.65 they're coming in in chunks.
The holiday season is a pain in the ass.
196 all about commercialism.
192 no kidding.
My favorite time of the year though.
118.
All right.
It's okay.
74 not great but okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
74.
A pile of Schmidt 70 that was my vote.
It's a pile of Schmidt.
But Mary Hanukkah and happy Christmas.
It's fun.
54.
Remember WFU and it's fun.
My most hated time of the year 53 to expensive for me 49.
I hate this pool.
Look how many votes that's got.
3rd man told you and a time to pick out 29 because I guess the beast didn't see the pool.
29.
I 865 already.
We'll have a thousand by 1130 I would guess.
And then after that you run your own whatever you like.
5670560 I got a whole big pile here today including oh I forgot Jesus.
You forgot Jesus.
I forgot about the problem with you.
Yeah and even the baby Jesus.
Now I forgot to mention with Hank Lee a thing about very jackass today about the big
Marlon function ahead last night.
Well we're getting to that in fact it's good I didn't because we don't want to like repeat
because that would be like stale material.
We don't really stale.
It would rather be a Jewish.
WQYM hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing, Pally?
Okay, Pally.
Hey listen that name is a guy mentioned yesterday Diane Ray.
Yeah.
She got her start on 103 cheese.
She was an FM broadcast.
Never heard of her.
She was a FDF, F-T-L.
Yeah.
And then she did a, she actually did about 15 years ago a layoff in Playboy where they
did female, uh, jocky, DJ, and job broader.
Yeah.
She was good looking girl.
She didn't say too much but she was a lot of looking.
Well there you go she had a body for TV that's good to bet she was in her light bulb.
Let's go on, buddy.
Okay thanks.
She was that light bulb with all the modicones you know it.
With or without the cheese.
Yeah very jackass right.
It's Marlon's fans make their voices heard.
Look at them that will take 45,000 calls too coming up.
And then of course the mole master, my close personal bud coming up at two rhymes with
what do you think about that?
A pompadopark racing and poker's got all the gambling actually could ever want featuring
live harness racing in the great poker card room.
Pompadopark is open every Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday.
And best of all I've mission in parking always free at Pompadopark.
Come root home a winter from the rail range of poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments
every day.
Also of course I'm all casting each and every day seven days a week harness throw
bread, highlight racing from all across North America every day starting at noon.
And post time at the Pompadopark is 725 the card room opens at noon.
So come and you'll find dining in the top of the park.
Restaurant every Wednesday's dollar night like tonight would draft your hot dogs so does
more just a bucket piece.
Kevin Wallace is back at Pompadopark and how's it going?
Wally?
Wally Hennessy is back to a and Brucey Ranger unusual crowd of a go in.
Pompadopark a black south Atlantic boulevard on power line road for more information call
954 whatever happened to such warner man when we need him 9 5 sterling book 954 972 2000
and Jackie Mo or their website Pompadopark.com.
Don't forget the poker room or the card room opens at noon today and live racing tonight
and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday 725 at Pompadopark.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
Stay.
Oh, you can Miami town.
You have 560 WQKL.
Frosty the snowman was a code name for this guy.
He was selling drugs okay cocaine for the people who would buy when down to the village
to seek new clientele like Gallagher said I don't do the drug I just like the way it smells
but our friend met a tragic end when one day he was stopped and after he had made the
deal it turned out to be a cop.
Oh, now he's in prison making love to other men.
No, he isn't gay but he had to pay for being the end.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Look at the condictor.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
Pompadopark.
That's when I put that amplifier under my arm and stormed out there.
It was knocking all the mannequins over in the shoppers and that bitch came running out.
What's wrong with you?
Don't you know?
Yeah.
It was very interesting.
Too bad Miguel's not around today.
He loved this story.
Latin dramas today view in English.
US audiences will soon have their own English language versions of Latin America's
theme-y telenovelas.
Of course, they don't realize that Miami we already got there.
Not in English though.
Right.
L.A. base 20th television plans to make over the Latin melodramas in English with a North American flavor.
Keeping largely the original scripts in the format of the hour-long episodes for 13 weeks.
They're going to mess it up.
They're going to edit out the juicy parts.
I see.
The juic parts.
Coming up next year, versions of Columbia's Table for Three, Mesa Patatrice, and Cuban
hit Fashion House Salida de Nocee as part of a series of 20thful-called desire.
20th plans to remake three novellas per year under the desire banner.
Latin American telenovelas have been for decades dubbed in the myriad languages and exported
around the globe, reaping billions of dollars in revenue for their producers.
Nevelas teresum binathuaylan, Mexico for example, enjoy huge following and countries as far
flung as Malaysia and Croatia.
That's where they flung it.
But the format has never been really tried in the USA where daily soap operas continue
printing in every evolving plot lines and characters.
An eye-time drama so quickly shows the viewers working on their schedules.
That made the English novellas may now work in prime time where they're largely
aired on Spanish language TV and Atlanta, America said TV program in Consol Luis Eshtrata
was working in Hispanic TV.
It's tough enough for people to commit every Monday to Friday ashtrata said,
that's why many series have kind of fallen by the wayside because people just don't
have the time to go back to what everyone had been interested in to see if it takes
to be audience or not.
Well, they have all those skinny scenes like you're talking about.
Right.
Those hot people on there for sure.
You know what they'll do.
They'll trim it.
No comment.
Here you go, let's start now.
Again, start dumping him shy when he throws some of that stuff in there.
Get that finger sharpened up.
You got it.
Get that button all cranked up because he just out of control for the holidays.
Save it for next week when I won't be here.
Nine hundred one votes already on the poll.
I don't like this poll either to be honest with you.
Let's get rid of that.
Now, huh?
You don't like it?
Let's try with it.
The holiday season is a pain in the ass 204.
All about commercialism 197.
And Jesus, of course, don't forget.
And the Virgin Mary and all them pine needles.
And of course, the Chinooka and the menorah and all them candles that will burn the house down.
It's my favorite time of the year.
The holiday season, 126.
The holiday season.
You can't get more generic than that.
It's okay.
77.
Apala Schmidt 74.
Fun 55.
It's so much.
Are we having fun yet?
Oh, yeah.
It's my most hated time of the year 53.
Too expensive for me 51.
I hate this poll 35.
A time to pick out still only.
I hate to take away $2.29.
56705 60.
We're going to the very jackass thing in the Marlins.
Very bad news about the fans are getting really hostile and rightfully so about it.
I'm surprised that they didn't have riots there.
They should have.
They should have been just ready to lynch those bastards.
Who the Q.A.M., hello?
Q.A.M., yes sir?
Good morning.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
All right.
A couple of things.
I didn't know.
I'm gonna for president for was better at that I read the favor to 20 years
Really sex though. I think he had a cold. He's not really sick. He had a cold
He's a back home already getting ready to play golf again. He's only 92 for Christy
two years old
Second and in fact, it was the same as his IQ go ahead
Low request, Jared's will you play a little still Henry?
Was that all you can eat Negro?
We've never had a
And what's the other one? What is that?
Knackin on Jesus and all you can eat Negro right?
Quit makin on Jesus and makin on my boy, okay now I'm not gonna play that again
We'll play at the during the holiday week like on December 20th holiday week
Yeah
What's wrong with you? Are you anti the rest of the world everybody else in the world celebrate?
Europe and Canada celebrate Boxing Day that's on the 26th
That's gonna lower you there so here they don't have to say well
We'll give you off the 26th because it's Christmas falls on the Sunday because it would be a holiday anyway
It's Boxing Day a the 26th everybody goes out in the street. They start boxing there shadow boxing course
Kind of like somebody we know you know always shadow boxing with the universe
I'm gonna punch you in the nose everybody no matter who it is
I don't like you. I hate you like poison and you're stale and you're old and you're disgusting and your wings fell off into parking lot
My daughter thought it was a hoot
Be sure and have the beast tell that story to my brother. Don't be forget because I'm alright. I think I read it Dave. Yeah
But I guess Motel to story about how his daughter saw a guy in that parking lot and
His hair piece fell off
I mean talk about the popcorn and Kettle Tink that is just unbelievable
WQ a. M. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
a couple things last night. I win them and was on a half time and I don't think I've ever
Quick your cowboy
He's got these sound like watercrunk height
Oh, it's awful and actually another thing you were making fun of cruises yesterday with the beast
It is the most fun time you can have what we got yeah, okay
Give me a big kiss for us to five six seven oh five sixty C's a basketball guy and then see the connection there Mickey
Erison yeah, we're not fooling anybody palying the most fun time you could ever have get out of here
Would a stale food with a
Vachalism and everybody getting raped and murdered and stuff like that and getting lost at sea you have a good time man
Right what's that to like yeah?
Call like being a prisoner at sea the prisoner of a Zen ascenda
You have a good time and then I'd like to be you know how fast you backtracking over there
Oh, and a gambling and we are slots. I mean it's great. I said yeah, but how much of the payouts are not
I mean about that the payouts are virtually nothing because there's not that much money going true from the same like a couple hundred people on the damn
Ship or however many there are how much how much do they got to pay out?
Not much
It's like a suction cup for your money baby, but you have a great time see with me
I like like going to get on a plane and going somewhere that I enjoy whether it's Rome or Amsterdam or Berlin
And if I don't like the weather there at the time or whatever or the crowd of people
I just I just go where else I want to go see what I'm saying
But if there's that kind of big fat ass
Leaky ship out there in the middle of nowhere. It's kind of difficult to do that
Maybe that's what those people did they just jumped overboard
They were like trying to swim to a different venue because they were getting like a board
Somebody Q. I am hello
And they're like you know and pretty good pali
Good movie recommendation go see broke back mountains with Eve Ledger. Yeah, okay
Well, it was got with the body and it was really actually I think you're like it to be serious. Okay
And I just got back from out of town. I just know from there that you enjoyed still like anti-bush
George Bush that is you know anti-relation you guys are boring as ever still yeah, and you're still listening
So we thank you so well. We're flicking on the station. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah flick this okay go flick one in your
Boyfriends eye enjoy that gay cowboy. Yeah, enjoy your fan cowboy movie too
Yeah, we're still anti-boy and guess what so is most everybody else in the whole world not just America
But so is most everybody else's they better you better get with it okay nobody would nickers and two piece bathing suits anymore guy
Get out of here still anti-bush and boring. I said yeah like somebody's forcing not only forcing him to listen
But he takes the time to call me with a movie recommendation about some you fairly movie okay some bunch of gay a couple of heroes
Who are you kidding man go back to New York?
All you New Yorkers man make me want to vomit
W. I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's him this table beer place for now?
Pavell burr is retired now payable beer people beer. Yeah, he's hanging out with Aaron Burrant ran for two speaking of gay
I'm not neither burger. Yes, neither burger to you
I love the beast. Yeah, get out of here another big hockey fan in soft water. We love the panthers
Cuz they have been here. Yeah, I know the crap boy. You talk about a phony town man phony is a $87 bill
They're winning enough people and I'm building my state you could add your own section
God that was just scary when they pan back on the national telecast and they showed their place
You could you could have gone bowling in the aisles in that place nobody would even notice much less got hit by the balls
Nobody q a m. Hello
Q a m
I know what you say now
That's first all right that was outstanding. That's the kind of call we like you at least it was honest anyway
So just like you know like that or making some good old sound like that
Nobody q a m. Hello
Good morning. How long is to you happy generic?
Whatever you love your show and thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. We love your call
Well listen, I also want to thank you for putting the Pentagon strike UK video on your website
Right have George look into the links for the the world according to Bush because I think they're dead links now
Okay, but if he could also you can with your they are dead and yeah
Georgia's always on top of it
If you could add some information about that's what animal you have to say what is it?
WPC 7 which was the other building that was demolished on right eleven
Uh-huh. I think you'd find out if that building was able to be pulled according to its lease order very silverstein
Then maybe the other buildings had chargers in them as well
Secondly
If I have you know I respect your opinion and I want to know how if my research about 9-11
Link Mossad and Israel how do you go about right presenting that gently and you know politically?
Nepidically correct way you don't
You do you see any connection to Mossad?
When I hear you're gonna start though with you're call up Randy. She'll work it out for you
Okay call up the goddess
We're not creeping our pull though work out some conspiracy theory or call up Alex Jones at prison planet
There's the reaching up and like some fantastic whatever the hell it is who who now knows
One thing for sure I can tell you this much
You never will never know the truth about much of anything because governments lie they're there to swindle manipulate
Load the pockets with money your money for primarily, and that's it. That's what it's all about and thank you again
Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices and quit crashing your president
It's fail
This is the new launcher show
So
Any questions the doctor that perform the surgery on
Jake Feetless thumb. Mm-hmm. If you need a same doctor that perform the procedure on your two pay
The doctor who performed the surgery would think about that
What's his name Klein?
Feetless doctor. Yeah, I don't know where you I don't know who you use you use George Colwell. I'm not sure
I think I was a doctor in me. I'm not sure where you went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it
Not sure well bottom line is it the doctors can't tell all in days will be out
No, you know, you're not sure somewhere in least a month could be up to eight weeks
Somewhere in there while they're in the world you're in QM chasing you're on QM
We don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard
Not the national guard no national guard in Iraq. No, there's no national guard. No
It's 11.02 blood. I sure is getting a little stale. You know what better stop playing at 949 votes on our poll today
Marlon fans make their voices heard riceberry jackass some season taking orders attending a Marlon's function took out their frustrations over the team's payroll purge on
President David Samson
How do you like that? All right?
They're a frustration or angst and you know what they've had said
Yeah, that's about all he can say we did it
Kines must match with David Samson or Ira Winbag. We want it with a series. That's a oh no
Kines must match you a Jeff Garcia David Samson or Ira Winbag anyway
What was built as a party for the Marlon season or very jackass as a
Party for Marlon season ticket holders evolved in a way sometimes competitive
Vent session for the squirrel fans last night at Dolphin Stadium and I was in a broadcast the orange bowl
Maybe that's why that what I was all about. Maybe that's why there was all that angst in my nightmare
Fans peppered President David Samson with some angry questions
Boone each other at times and expressed his pleasure with the dismantling of the roster and the decision to explore relocation
Some of the estimated 650 in attendance year to fan who told General Manager Larry bean fest
Mine fest that he was excited to see the team
Another grabbing the microphone accused owner Jeffrey Loria who was not there of being carpet backers
I'll support them whether they're in Memphis or whatever city that Loria wants to room for baseball that was met with cheers and booze
I appreciate the emotion Samson said I appreciate the fact that you feel hurt and burned
Jeffrey wants the teams to stay more than all of you
Among the highlights of Samson's time on stage
Boca attorney Larry Korman drew cheers when he accused the Marlon's a feeling a minor league team and major league prices and said every season ticket order
Would love his money back
Samson said we were considered the most disappointing team in all of baseball in 2005
It's not likely traded the 2070 anchies
Offstage Samson said the team has received fewer than a hundred refund requests which the Marlins won't grant
When one fan said he doesn't see how the Marlins are committed to staying if they're visiting out the city Samson said
Five of the last seven stadium deals were done in cities where the team started to be located and then didn't the first thing
I said the mayor of San Antonio is you're not our first choice
And then how he speaks I think that's not too bad of a David Samson. Yeah, you're not our first choice
So it's answered again ruled out building a stadium without a retractable roof to save money
He received lighter pause and introduced but he was booed when and tried to explain how the fan support is risen under laureate
He said he didn't see people wearing Marlins gear in 2002. Oh, man Marlins gear sound so queer
When once he jetted the Marlins sold the team to Venice Rail and media to mogul Gustavo's his narrow Samson said
I'm sorry. Do you work for Miami City manager Joe Ariola?
One fan blasted Samson for his tone of voice. Yeah
That's kind of a bad tone of yelling we we're all you've got look at how you're talking to us
Samper was responded look how you're talking to me. That's not how a conversation should go the fan and left he stormed out
Sounds like a really pleasant Marlins are gathering with their faithful
Asked about ideas to help raise money for a stadium Samson said local government suggested a ticket surcharge
But the team opposes that we've looked at the legal implications of doing a stock offering
After the session Samson said it would have been a problem
We had five people here apathy as far worse than negativity
Samson's negotiations are ongoing with Wayne hyzing about building a stadium next to Dolphin State Manning
We want a resolution quickly
Don Trail willis scottal Wilson Vinefest in general manager and manager Joe Girardi among others who addressed the fans
Well, we got that Joe Girardi press conference we can play
After Girardi said only will Willis and McGill Kerber are assured of jobs
Vinefest said I have to agree with disagree with Joe a little bit Jeremy her meter will be on the team in a right field
Vinefest who said he's looking for help in left field center field and second-based tool fans
You need to have faith hopefully in me in this organization even our track record right
Yeah, they've been winning a lot of the tracks. So what I'm hearing the top of no part well. So there you go. Not good
56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines
WQAM. Hello Q a.m. Hello. I think I knocked one off and six. That's good. WQAM. Hello
Got a thick finger today, which is always a good idea
WQAM our last call hello
Yeah, who cares what the world brings of us and you
Who cares about what the world thinks of us and you and you
Let's let's think about that the doctor who performed the operation
On J-feet work
Man, you could have driven a Mac truck you in area
Well, they were hitting that button, you know over and over again waiting for that thing to build up and the audience too didn't happen
56705 60 pound five 60 and you've arrived in singular wireless lines. Let's get with it. Okay. Let's get on to it
Let's get the story. I got a whole big pile here as usual
Which is really you love and there's no McGillor one to give me a bunch of crap today and be a contrarian
Both still you know, I think you should take as many calls as as we get
Oh really? Yeah, okay. Well, let's save my throat. I got like a little bit of a scratch
Not getting sick around not before my vacation, but a little scratch
By what only gets me when it gets to be about any below you start getting little scratchy
WQAM. Hello
Hey, Neil. I wanted to see what you think about this you know a cap one kind of stays out of the station politics
Good for him
Well, I think he's been taking shots at the moment
Can you set a song you play on his rejoin? Yeah, those little darned little darned with the background theories are going
Even the diamonds are picking our wasn't the gladiolas
That's funny. That's very uh margillian music any K he keeps his nose clean man believe you may
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound by Sir George says let's take every single call that comes in
Right, I think that's a great idea. Uh shy agrees with that too because you don't have to screen him
Sure
Are you eating food in there today or what?
Well, we ordered some but we haven't started eating it yet. Well, what is it? Tody?
I'll be damned. Well, it's a good thing you're didn't do it when you actually did do it
Yes, then proud to be stupid. Well, I got him to throw that bread in a waste basket
It may have saved it probably about a few seconds. I've added about 30 minutes seconds to his life
I'm making him through that bread away. Just thinking how much more food he can eat though
He also they know what a bread from how he's today as well, so
Run that by me again say that again. I think my ears must be getting flooded. I can't believe I just heard that
Yeah, he just ordered scrambled egg whites and ham but no bread
Oh no bread. So he said he ordered bread from how he scrambled egg whites and no bread
You see maybe I'm getting to them, huh? I think you are
I'm getting to him a little bit because he's finally realized he's got that wedding coming up a bride to be a
A young lady that actually will get close to him
I'm not sure they're actually doing anything but get close enough to like a pretend
She's gonna marry him and that if anybody has seen him that's quite an accomplishment
So maybe he would like to live long enough to enjoy it another couple of months WQ a.m. Hello
Hi, good morning. Good morning
Yes, let me say good morning. I beg your pardon
Speaking to me. Yes, you are
Oh, yeah, no glad you're right to me. There's no Santa Claus kids
There's no Santa and then up or Jerry fall while he's gonna be coming to your house
Pally and knocking your door down about to your clock in the morning because you're messing with Christmas
Okay, you're taking Jesus out of Christmas. Oh, no, I just have sat out of Christmas Santa Claus has got nothing to do with religion by the way
No, and the fundamentals can't stand it really boy Satan Claus. He he is to Christmas what the witches are to Halloween
There you go. What's your name?
Of course you're a very w.w.a.m. Hello. You imagine how big Shaxe dumps must be
WQ a.m. Hello
Good morning. I really think a lot of time beg your pardon. No, neither
The old good morning. Good morning
Two things I'd like to tell you there was a major tragedy of Uncle or tone
Wolfies, folks
That's what I heard. I had the report yesterday
I didn't mention it because I didn't even know there was a wolfies and bokeh
I'm sure somebody is totally not too happy about it. Hey, yeah, and another thing
Scott the horn boy had a second child and I always thought he was gay
No, I never thought he was gay and I didn't know he had a second child and guess what nobody cares, but beside that
How do you like that? Okay
Everybody is gay. According to this crowd everybody's gay except whoever happens to be calling at the moment
Everybody else is
Madi Cohen believe me
It's really amazing
Be sure and see that the fag cowboy movie and also be sure to see the
Capote movie with Philipsi Morahop and Thomas some Michael whatever's in there
Supposed to be really good. I'll pass on that. I have no interest in and you know you never even saw Truman
Capote did you? No before your time when he used to be on with Merv Griffin
I think there was a reason for that. I used to be on the TV talk shows
Well
He wasn't just gay. He was like several steps beyond that whatever whatever you take 50,000 steps beyond that
Altragate he was just ultra
Pragic and he was a wonderful man
And I guarantee that your friend Lynn Samuels I bet you she's a big group a groupie of Truman Capote
I bet I would think so
For a minute after 11 at 560 WQAM
It's that most wonderful time of the year unless of course you hate crowded malls long register lines and parking hassles
Make your gift giving easier for you and your loved ones this year give them a
Dollar mattress. I'm so excited about it. I can't even say it a dollar mattress gift certificate
When you call 1 800 mattress you can order a dollar mattress gift certificate aid in nomination at a great new bed
Will make make a perfect gift at last for years every time they hop on it or do something on they'll think about you
When you call 1 800 mattress you choose from Celi
CERDA Simmons King Coil Sterns and Foster and Tempura P to kiss well
Maybe I suffered some water damage in your beds from the your hurry hurry cane
Maybe you need a bed for those last minute unabited holiday guests whatever your story is
Call 1 800 mattress you'll get same day delivery from 8 in the a.m. till 10 in the p.m
And as always like for years I've in Tonya you still get to pick the date and time for living to fit your schedule like 10 to noon
1 to 3 any 2 hour window that you pick and dollar mattress shows up 99.7% of the time on time
The right number one of the world for crime customer satisfaction
Just about everybody QA including yours truly wouldn't use in dollar mattress for long time
You ought to be doing the same before those guests arrive and you still have time call 1 800 mattress
A log under their website mattress.com
Easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last is because it stands for sensational stew
Pandas saving
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.62.8
I could love to watch boobs and butts in biting
You
2018 at five sixty w. And there's your president
We will never back down well there you go
There's your president with his daily speech trying to give us America
We the war in Iraq and we buy it yet. No, we're still not buying it W. Sorry. Don't be bush-mashing now. It's boring and
Don't be knocking religion whatever you do. But go to that gay cowboy movie
Yeah, but be sure and go and see that gay tag cowboy movie
Yeah, that guy he's probably a you know in the closet is that movie about cow polks?
Well
While you're in T.O.N.A about lads and lices I'll tell you that
Customers at the tropical smoothie cafe in Wellington got a fright on Tuesday when they spooked
Their burst through one of the stores windows there because you see the picture was in the paper
Yeah, yeah happens all the time
It happens all the time well
Play the other day. We're at around one ten p.m. at the cafe on Wellington trace when the buck showed up in the parking lot outside
And when buck shows up man everybody runs for cover
Deputies believe the animal lived in nearby wooded area
They think he was spooked by a passing car and fled to the cafe eventually leaping into window and breaking
Maybe he just wanted a smoothie do you ever think about that? It's possible. Yeah, or a salt lick
Or maybe just wanted to lick something six surprised people rinse out of the store, but nobody was injured
It was an accident, but nobody the hundred pounds deer suffered a concussion
However, and one of its antlers broke off. Oh, shut they grow back
He suffered a concussion how did they know that how did they know when a deer got a concussion?
You know, they shine a little light light in their eyes and see the pupils die late. Yeah, and they say how many fingers am I holding up right?
State game officers who estimate the animal is two or three years old used to tranquilize your darkness of dated
Then deputies and game officers put the deer in a truck and send them to the bush wildlife sanctuary in Jupiter where the deer will recover from its injuries
And then be released back into the woods
Well, that nice. I'm at least they didn't take bandy out of the woods
Now shoot at this time. I call you lots of guys out there. Well, you know, they overpopulate
We got to go out there and shoot the bandy man. It's pathetic
To show how much they are
Really impress me what I tell you by 1130 we'd have a thousand votes. We got a thousand tree
Beautiful that great. I just give it better than the holiday tree
The holiday season is a pain in the ass to-to-to all about commercialism to-to-to we got two with to-to-to
That great outing we've ever done that before in history mark it down take a picture
Take a picture of it two two two and two two two
My favorite time of the year is also it's got 137
It's a pile of Schmidt 87 you can smell it. It's okay 85 to expensive for me 61. It's fun 58
Yeah, let's your hair down relax smoke a big fat one my most hated time of the year 57
I hate this pool 42 and a time to really pick out 30
Two so two days in a row. I'm actually had an hour to the beast life now. I'm really proud of myself, right?
No new entry on the last hit or blog today by the way
I don't see what the big simises. I mean if I want to read that every day whether I'm in Toronto or I'm in the
Eastbimming Michigan
Aren't I entitled to do that and what were you uh, displeased about it or anything that you know?
I know nothing. I uh, didn't I say I'm grateful at least I got to hear the news and to read some of that
So it scared me back in reality
I guess it's so fun to tell it that way because it's not important that you succeed
But that somebody else dies before you do hey stop with it off his material. Oh, I'm sorry
I don't know if we can play this game. I just leasing
Did you see something else box was a normal man with a nice home a lovely family and a cushy job with his father-in-laws company
Normal that is until just three weeks ago
Hi honey. How was your day?
Somewhat of an esoteric Monday I feared will end up being but nonetheless
Let me see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability
Alan boxes suffering from
Bob Lasseter disease
Are you feeling all right Alan? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else seems to see
Or at least cares to admit that they say Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system
causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs. How was you today?
I don't want to talk to you. What's more Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression which is actually contagious
God just listen that voice. I want to jump off a building
You're the lowest of a low your ass snake your ass scumbag
Please send whatever you can do to post office by one 800
Devon port iowa honey it's Friday night. You know what that means
Betching and mourning it's screaming and hollering. Please help
Wow
That's something having her dead and I've been to about a hundred years
Now somebody will say oh that was import taste save Bob Lasseter disease with his diabetes. Well, you know what
I'm sure he would find it even he would find it if he's in the right mood most amusing
I'm sure he's listening right now. Hope you're feeling better today Bob or not. It's case maybe
23 past 11 at 560. I'm just a cranky old bastard. You know, that's why we got me and
I'm back to back cranky old Jews man. All the way. I got better here
WQ I am hello
We were talking yesterday about the baby groovy line and what happened? What do you mean we were talking yesterday? You called this show yesterday?
And what um you could remember exactly what happened that I did and the way I remember you telling the story
Was that he purchased a house one day
They made him in the park and I have to next day in fire and that's where you're
Saying don't buy a house
We used to say that all the time. Uh-huh. That's where he
To party companies without the first day on the house one day
We fired the next day in the park and lot down by a house. That's right
Thank you baby. He's okay though. He didn't because anyone in the like that internet this can whatever
He's never sandy
Really more real he's syndicated man. He's all over the world. They be great
I'm the only talk host in America that's unlike one crappy station. That's it
Thank you
Thank you
Remember that now baby groovy line he they hired him in here. I can't like the next day right
Because they lie to you like crazy. Oh my secure is this gonna be okay because I'm gonna yeah
That's right. I remember it's starting to shape into my mind now. Uh, should I sign the deal? Should I uh?
Yadi I'll go ahead no problem
In fact, they did the same thing to build calder which is probably what the help put him in the ground
Same thing
He signed the deal on the house and the next day. I think it was at iod. I'm not really sure
I don't remember exactly where but that's what this business does to you
That's why we have nightmares about radio those of us who work in a business because it'll kill you. It's a killer business
But they're building if the business don't kill you he will know your president
Your dumbled president five six seven oh five sixty oh you're still bush fashion man. It's so boring
Yeah
And he takes the time to call the show that that was so good. Yeah
WQ I hope you enjoy your gay cowboy movie sir. Yes sir
I don't know. I'm right. Hey
Uh, I think I got a lot of car. I mean he's got a lot of me. Yeah, well, okay
Now what was that? He wasn't saying any words that I understood. Oh
Well, guess what I hit it anyway, right? I think I heard Hitler in there somewhere. Oh, I see five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty. I think I've got news for a man some of your some of your people some of all of our people
But I mean it's just a hey, we don't know who that was there
He was making up words
Was one of your people all right. They're all my people. I didn't say Cuban just one of your people in I see as in
Like that. I'm okay. Well, you know, you you catered those intellectuals and of course
Yeah, that was right there. Our right side by each talking way over our love. Hey
WQ a who I am hello good morning. Neil how are you good morning. Yes, sir. It sounds like a real call here
Uh, yeah, you've got this is a real call. Oh my god
Anyway, um, of course a few days ago was the 25th anniversary of the death of John Lennon
Yes, and I was just curious as I find you a real interesting guy been listening to you forever
Could you tell us where you were and what you remember if you remember what you were doing?
I was on the air. I was on W. Snews when he got shot. Yeah
And what about uh, John F Kennedy and Robert Kennedy if he would
John F Kennedy when he was uh got assassinated. I was working. I was working two jobs
I was managing a record store in Rochester, New York midtown records
And I was working in a guy came in the story said you people have radios
I said well, we have we have when we don't sell him. He said no. He said the president just got shot
And so I was working nights at WBT in Batavia
So I asked the manager if I could leave early and go to work and I got my car and I drove to Batavia
See if I could help which of course I couldn't because what did I know?
Yeah, when Bobby Kennedy got shot
I was at WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan and I don't uh, I have no because it was like it was like at night
It was like a night in LA and we were like sleeping by that time because it was midnight in the east
So I that's all I remember about now we can't forget Martin Luther King. Do you remember that one?
I don't remember where I was
Okay, do you remember you were?
Yeah, I was in bed in my apartment in Miami Beach and my dad came in and said
You know they just shot Martin Luther King and I said who is he?
There you go that was about nine years old. What did I know you know? Yeah, exactly
He would have said they shot Larry King then you would have known then I wouldn't know and well growing up here in Miami
I always knew about Larry King. He was only on channel four. He would have said low me $50. Okay, pal. He thanks
Thanks for running through history there. Whatever it was. What was that all about?
27 past 11 where were we ready to look at more? Huh?
Who did more for the dead community
That's a good pull some day. We got 10 30 that's WBZ on your AM dial
103 WBZ Carl D'Souza they've made her Jefferson K
Jay done
Larry Glick. Well, what a great season that used to be when radio was worth a cramp
And I was just reading you know XM has got five million subscribers and series has got two million
That's all I got even with Howard starting on January. I think I got two million subscribers. Well, what's that?
I don't know what is that? That's that's an a country of 300 million people
What's the big simmiss with that so far, you know?
Oh, we got two million subscribers and we just signed a poopy copo and
Carmen Miranda do like a great old. Oh, I think they just signed up on XM Bob Dylan
To do what he's gonna be a dish-jockey
Oh the him and I just could do a two-man show wow maybe between the two of them you could hear a word
I doubt it 28 past 11 at Q.A.M
I've been telling you by dry concepts for many many years
I've used them in my homes for over 21 years now because they are the best in the business
They always do a phenomenal job and with the holidays here is it time to make the call to have your home sanitized
And not just your carpeting either
dry concepts also specialize in a post-recleaning leather cleaning drapery cleaning or you'll rub cleaning water damage restoration
Pedotr treatments mattress cleaning of those nasty dust mites and so much more in fact speaking of dust mites during this month during December
Drought concepts has a special offer that will keep you sleeping like a baby no matter how clean your home is and it's almost impossible
to eliminate those dust mites
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies and believe me dry concepts will make them go away forever
So do yourself and your family a favor read your home of dust mites today by calling dry concepts
Whether it's your carpeting your postry or expensive leather furniture drapery or any other rungs or this month's special dust
My cleaning these are the people you want to do business with because you can't beat them
They do a stupendous job. They give you a written fair guarantee price upfront and then at the end of the job
They give you little rows and you give them a check and everybody walks away with a big smile on their push
And they brought in the Palm Beach is called dry concepts tool-free
1 800 248
5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 or log onto their website
briaconsets.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69
Fuck it in and hold it
3 million dollars
Ray Kay
Baby Nell
Says that they want Katie to wake up and reading news
In high heels you make small and small
A freaking 80
But that's not enough a little Katie
Cause she sings a little new
And got to the point
They'll make her mind up real quick
Mad Lauer wants to choke her
She's fed up with Mal Wilkerson
And her name is Becky
Katie Curry
So will she leave and be seen
When she think I'm out of jail
But break me out of jail
And even if there's anybody else who the brain believe you me I'm cold back there if stepbitch is on there
Anyway speaking of John Dingell
Just celebrated 50 years in a house of representative the third longest in history
How do you like that John Dingell
I was thinking of John Dingell married Halle Berry
Speaking of what that make her
Halle Dingell Berry
What that would be bad
The airwaves they are changing here's that story that you seem to be so fascinated by
Bob Dylan
Singer of sorts songwriter former counter culture figure in voice of a generation
He in my voice has had another line to his
What is that oh to his resume? Okay. It says rsu m his resume radio DJ Washington post rsu m
That's him
The enigmatic troubidora sign out a host a weekly show on xm satellite radio the DC based pay radio provider
He'll select the music offer commentary interview guest in the answer email from listeners during the one hour program
Which will start in March xm said
You know
That goes on about the battle between xm and syrias and about the big names
They're hiring and yada yada yada and of course about all the out-of-work people at the hiring too on syrias because everybody else in the business got a contract
yada yada
And it says xm and syrias essentially are battling for the same pool of potential customers
Those who like radio enough to pay about 13 bucks a month
I wouldn't pay 13 cent
And in many cases buy a new radio for about 50 bucks for scores of channels which are mostly music and mostly commercial free
And basically the essence the crux of this story in the post is that the Washington Post is that
There just isn't gonna be it'd be like the old American football league in the NFL and eventually they'll merge and at some point
How they just can't have yeah, it's not gonna be financially feasible to have too
So they'll merge and I'll be like all jambled on together jambled live
They'll jam on it and then you can hear our Lynn Samuels on there wow
And she didn't lick you lick you miss drudge how do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 George wants me to take a lot of calls. I do have a I got so much good stuff
I got Helen Thomas's article of the democrats had some courage dive old CEO resides
After charges of fraud litigation see if he's a crook then why should we doubt that he helped just that you promised up bushwin
Ohio yeah
Man faces 50 years for sex with bride 14 now see this is just a turnaround of the story I'd yesterday about the teacher
37 years old whether you got knocked up by the 15 year old boy
Cell phone banded please guilty
Doug Thompson the rant I got a lot of and I got marine doubt W won't read this
Don't you think those are all and also
All right, scary will play and Dick Clark. It says I'll make an appearance on the New Year's Eve show this year
76 they're gonna wheel him out like a little lump on a chair like Kate Smith you talk me into it. Let's have some of those stories
No, no, but you said no you said we
Yeah, that's right before you take it take every call that you not say that he did say that every call it comes in you said take him
So the goalie had good stuff as soon do I know do I ever not have good stuff?
You know stale or limited? Oh, it's like last year's
Stay all right like last year's maca. It's her stale
That's why they call these stale ranger show I got news for you more you want to start talking about show material and about numbers man
Oh god nice piece though Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, palie. How you doing pretty good?
Listen up. It's really stock is far like a rock as you look and I'm a
Shareholder if you look at what they're gonna pay hours turn like five years a half a billion dollars, right?
I'm ready for five years hundred times earning to have you made a profit if impossible for the thing to say above water
It's absolutely impossible. No, how many
How many children they gotta have just to pay his salary?
Okay, so the guys is they're forget about them. How are we did?
They wanted me bad, but then of course the beastlies helped to see a life fate or maybe it was just a bunch of crap in the first place
You know maybe one morning Stern woke up and said oh, let's get that bag from Miami on here and then they owe a few days later. Well, it's not I
Think it was the bad mistake. I made though a redoing this contract with Joyce and with the Caroline
Now with Greg. Greg's name is not on my contract, which is probably just as well if all those rumors are true
WQ.A.M. Hello
Not there. That was bad. That was great Q.A.M. Hello
I
Like a looks at this button. You know guy like put my thumb on it and the button to yeah, it's a good feeling
WQ. I am hello. Hey, how you doing pretty good? Hey, I got two things for you. Where were you when
Mone first didn't say Dory and
Who did mo
Yeah, I got a shameless request. Yes, can you play the Bill Clinton these all our fun shoot
Where I did some the problem. I think we can actually play that let's see. What is that called is called Elmer and Clinton and Bubba and
Elmer in bill
Before I play it, I'm not really sure you recalls there's something who we might well, I think it's good. Yeah, right
I
We've come out with your hands up now shift
Please why isn't it Quentin? What are you doing out here? I'm on the prowl
So am I am hunting for webbage really
Well a hunting for rabbits is nice, but I'm hunting for something a little more gratifying than rabbits
more gratifying than rabbit was that mr. President
labor
That sounds very exciting
Beaver's have such a nice help. Yes, they do and a big wow tail
Round ass you get a lot of that and a voluacious appetite for wood
I got enough wood in my pants to feed our me a daikers. Okay, like I said
I was willing to let the first you know
The first very passive walling and I'm making pardon a thousand gold
No forget about that I I jammed on it
I think I was probably an Ojon provocateur. He's probably recorded and listening to the lyrics over and over again
Don't be trying to push your crap over on us. Okay, because we got we got 17,000 different delays
So speaking as shy leave you and I says really Jewish boy from New York
What is it that you did speaking of who did Mo?
What were you doing with him up there? I mean in the business. I never worked with him up there
Well, I don't understand and I must have this all backward
I thought that you worked with him in some capacity up there
You were a producer of there for somebody did and that he had you come down to work on his show when he
Pushed out that I mean when Zack moved on now I was already down here and I worked with him down here
That's the first time I ever worked with him first. I ever met him actually was down here
Do you understand this Georgia you want to know that he's speaking is really again? I don't understand that it's capable
Wasn't that we know that we were getting peddled that he brought shy down from New York to work out to be a producer
I don't know if I brought down from New York was the story that he didn't bring you down who told you this
Well, he brings a lot of people down. That's what I meant
Who told me that yeah, why did you get the story from?
That exactly what I heard well, what did you hear? Let's back to Surround those that they got this guy from New York
Yeah, producer. I see
So in other words when you work this show on this station is the first time you ever worked with him that is correct
Oh, so no wonder you want to be with Hank
It's 19 till noon at 5 60 W
2 a.m. When you're shopping for shoes comfort and fit and value that's the three ingredients said it's all a boot
So do this smart thing especially during the holidays man
You can go stock up on some great gift ideas or for your own fat feet get over to Brandy's for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style
Is shoes in the top names in the shoe business. They got them all they got echo floor shine rock port
S.A. S. Mephisto new balance and be sure and tell them when you go into that burkley center by they will pee in their pants laughing at you
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got to customize fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time
Just ask for Arnie. He'll take good care of you
Brandy's even specializing wide wits for people like the beast who got real fat feet
Brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value in selection
Like I've been telling you for a very long time always think of Brandy's you'll find Brandy's at 12 90 or federal
Highway and Pompano beats Brandy's is open every single day of the week Monday through Saturday's till 9 and every Sunday till 5 and this week
Is a stupendous time at Brandy's because you can take an extra 20% off on selected men's and women's styles choose the top names again
Two S.A. S. Naturalizer floor shine spherry and rock ports as well
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week to save a ton of cash or do your shoe shopping on their website
Website at brandy shoes
Is Neil Rogers
This is 560
Let's wait for
Radio big shot
We've asked the time away in the game
Radio
And you see our ratings for the last book
Yeah, I know
You're
What you're
Back
No
But you
Are you
No
I got
I think about
I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
Don't care what you do
You got a way to
On the
Roasted cuts to go
There's a lot of pet producers you know
That's right what you got
You won't wait for
No more
But you
Don't wait for
No more
Bro, that's
I don't understand
You can leave from a truck while you're in Volkdale
That's it
You made a rating
You just like
Straighten your fat ass out
Throw a
Make the food out of your mouth
That's right
That's right
No more
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
That's it
Everyone
One more time
And don't forget
We'll have the Move Mai Meter
Oleo
The same
Yeah
How
Mommy
example tomorrow you got like Joseph Gackie at smoky bones and don't forget what
Joseph Gackie sucks okay I'm going to my pile I'm not going to
pay any attention to yours bad as Miguel you're diverting me from my pointed
ground you know I love the story that was just I know that but you said you
should take every call and shy was in a he was a witness okay I'll
rely for you because he's in Israeli we never like yeah right and Israel
now can correct me if I'm wrong about this because never having been there and
having no intention of going there uh Israelis would speak Hebrew they don't
and most Israelis don't understand the other should my correct about that
that is correct why is that is the anti-Semitic or something what's that all
about because they speak the real Jewish like no real German only is
I got nothing to do with those people that is you crowd yeah I guess what
Cox a hoist really all depends which part of the world you're from
because you know Israel is either from the European side of speak
yetish or at least on one so actually speak Arabic as well Arabic
oh I'm actually they speak very quietly very quietly speaks softly and
carry a big mizza anyway senator Stevens puts his
decency bills on the back burner well thank god we can take a sigh of relief
shy of relief after people TV providers announced plans to create separate
tears of family friendly channels and we've got the current rating systems it
appears that in decency inspired legislation would be put aside for the time
being senator Ted Stevens for our bison Republican from Alaska told reporters
that if the new cable plans are satisfactory the four potential anti-discency
bills will be put back on the will be put on the back burner they're on the
back burner okay they're burning but they're in the back they're burning
everybody's at home according to Hollywood reporter Steven said I'd say no
need for legislation now we'd have to give it a chance to work and see if it
works we're not going to start regulating the industry to the extent of saying
people can't produce these things that I don't want to see because there are
people out there who do want to see them well how about that that's pretty
what a minute of course both we ought to prevent those from being taken into
the American home so they can be exposed to children to the extent possible
there you go we don't want kids to like the the Godfather stuff like that cable
provider such as Comcast in time Warner have agreed to look into creating
digital cable subscription packages that eliminate certain stations from those
tears such as MTV oh thank god we don't want you to see MTV and Comedy Central
oh we sure want you to see the Daily Show additionally the TV rating system
will and we certainly don't want you to see South Park and those party month
little kids okay that's the last thing that anybody needs to see when you agree I
agree I mean it did pervert all of your kids I'm I feel so bad I just discovered
that you know I think of all the thousands of times I could have played that I
am upset about that well there's always time I know and this way the TV
rating system will be further scrutinized and possibly brought in line with the
movie ratings MPAA had Jack Fallendi who really considers himself he he is like
such a big shot and you can't believe it oh yeah Jack Fallendi agreed to
assist in the ratings effort but warned that neither the Congress nor the FCC
can strip away from the people the right to choose whatever they want to see
here or watch that's what you think Jack it's in the long term interest of this
country says to make sure the Congress and regulatory agencies do not intrude
in the rights that are writ large in the Constitution they will not it
let's get a writ this guy this phony baloney the chief executive officer of
electronic voting company die-bold who once famously declared that he would
deliver Ohio for president Bush and did by the way has resigned effective
immediately immediately if not sooner you ought to see a picture of this guy
bald headed looks like a real far-bissing with a bow tie you know I'm saying
far-bissing that's what they say in Israel isn't it all the time yeah I bet
you Josh I bet you shy don't even understand most of you this word and now
you understand you this I do not let me bite away he does not you're a
maple-leaved jewel man you're not like that this is really you're getting about
it he's the real deal you see the real yeah you're just getting to me I'll speak
Hebrew to you no thanks a lot of all that right I taught a knife and a
handle my own stuff like that boy you got to eat a lot of deli to get all this
you know that's why it's why I've been using deli so much it's funny to like
to write all those words real nice not a nice to choose lenses with sour
tail the board of directors in Wally O'Dell mutually agree that is decision
to resign at this time for personal reasons was the best interest of all
parties the company do chairman sent a statement what else resignation comes
just as after reports from Brad blog calm that the company was facing
imminent securities fraud litigation surrounding charges of insider trading
once a crook always a crook it also comes on the heels of a roster interview with
cyborg insider who raised new allegations of technical woes inside the company
as well as concerns that die bold all I want you to listen very carefully
the bank up your radio boys and girls forget about sandy clause as well as
concerns that die bold may have mishandled elections in Georgia and Ohio
who
die bold CEO Thomas Swardarsky will take O'Dell's place it's been a very
challenging year for the company Swardarsky said we're beginning to make
progress to improve some of our performance issues we do it's our cost
structure by dressing in efficiency our manufacturing supply chain and
software development processes and instill price discipline throughout the
company a in a story last week roster a recounted allegations made by a
die bold insider who said he's like she had become this illusioned after
witnessing repeated efforts by the firm to evade meeting legal
requirements or implementing appropriate security measures and who
was the double and put corporate interest ahead of the interest of the voters
I've absolutely had it with the dishonest of the insider said lasting
while E O'Dell the president die bold who just said bye bye the whistleblower
went on to explain behind the scenes tactics of the company and officers
there's a lot of pressure in the corporation to make the numbers we don't
tell you how to do it but do it O'Dell is probably the number one
culprit putting pressure on people to source said the whistleblower also
quite the murder of the company was of city areas had mishandled a 2002
Georgia government to our election and voting in Ohio this year
die bold spokesman David beer I wonder if he's getting a running bear remember
running bear and a little white dog
the i was supposed to be a bit of the charges i've heard is a sterling
reputation in the street where said it's a hundred and forty four-year-old
company to serve on the best companies in the industry especially
but public it's not like that especially by right wing for a business
finance and say for a person like was shot or know what that means what's
that you want me to get the definition of far-bissen okay okay didn't you
work with the door door door him yes that's far-bison that's all you need to know
okay here's the other look at that 1100 votes I just cranked the baby up over
there in the eleven hundred round the nose that's beautiful in the nice thing
that's nice I mean we didn't have a huge head start because I start you have to
keep on our website man because you never know where that new polls gonna pop
up there let no fool right now and I don't like this pull it all kind of boring
it's not a for usual say you like to wonder more though okay can't wait huh
can't wait you're right the last two hours if you want calls and last
to ours you take them off here how's that well I don't know if I got two hours
worth of stuff here but I just I want to get to tell my cramp please do
I mean a more in dog column which these people would have to pay to read is the
Pentagon spying on Americans if only Democrats had some courage by ancient
Helen Thomas who for the old bitch and the rant by your friend Doug Thompson from
Capitol Hill blue and stuff like that just a sampling there for you to what
you're appetite and those people you have there let me tell you it's noon I
mean the rushes on now Al Franken is on right now Franken don't take no stupid
polls the boy if he started it could only be an improvement a lot of good stuff
to be done of course don't forget the juice and what's the Sid the Goldstein
Berg cramps what I have to do these sports craft man about Shaq and and
Gus Farad and Gus Farad and Farad and Farad Shaq the holiday season is all
about commercialism 253 a pain in the ass 245 many of these are the correct answer
by the way my favorite time of the year 147 will happy a holiday to you know
or otherwise or very a religious whatever you like a polished meant 97 it's
okay 89 come see come saw men's amenza to a Spencer for me 67 my most hated
time in the air 63 it's fun 62 I hate this toll 46 how about I just hate
everybody let's put that on there too I mean everything and everybody let me
oh let's do it and a time to pick out 35 this is me a Roger this is 5.6.Q.A.
barg Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
you look at what's the real thing on a head that you're saved
on the 4th day of the holiday that's cool my parents came to me
wow because you can't eat 3 of these shirts
3 of a fake in trade-off things at trade-off song no
3 of a trade-off I made it out of play and when the water was
an babe.
And I can be it ceo
and I would like to like
in a whole of
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing.
If I were rich, my husband's got nothing I can song every year.
In front of my family.
I sing.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah, not bad.
My parents made me sing.
Seven greasy rockets.
Good.
Good by rubber rich men.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Hi, is this a cut?
On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Nothing that I want is seven greasy rockets.
Good by rubber rich men.
Where is my Christmas tree?
My enclosure can't be free.
I have the shirt, can't sink in tradeles.
And a picture of my family.
Burn me.
Oh, I'm gonna cut.
On the fourth day of Hanukkah, by the way, it's the festival of lights.
Isn't that what they call it?
That's what they call it.
The festival of light in Iowa.
Anyway, I just changed the pool.
Did you?
I don't like that first one.
I don't do what you say.
I did.
I just changed the pool.
You might want to put a little note in the box.
I don't know if Eric's listening probably he is.
But something on our stats page looks very alarming and disturbing to me.
Like the hits.
Too many hits.
And I think you're the one that's taking him.
I know.
Like almost nonexistent.
It doesn't compute with the rest of what's going on.
Everything else under his fine.
But there's one column.
Just maybe Eric wanted to take a puke at it.
Just a little heads up for Eric in between Bicid and Sandwich.
So the final total on the first of the pool, 1127, the holiday season is all about commercialism.
262, Panini S248.
My favorite time of the year 149, a pile of cement 99 and a partridge in a pair of three.
OK, 91.
Too expensive for me, 68.
I'm most hated time of the year, 64.
It's fun, 63.
I hate this pool, 46.
A time to pick out 35.
I hate everything in everybody, too.
Oh, it's too bad we need to get that up there a while.
But anyway, here's the new pool.
You looking at it?
Yeah.
You taking a peak at it.
Now, I know we did this once before, but not with all these great choices on it, though.
The last thing most guys want to be called is...
Well, let's look over here on there so far.
The feminine three.
Oh, my God.
Dufairy.
Dumb three.
A wannabe one.
Petty one.
Wimp one.
And the other choices on there are phony, a loser, a whole.
Beautiful, a crook, liar, coward, fat, ugly or fag.
Got that?
Got it.
Can we leave one for those?
Let's see.
I think you were left one off there, Eric.
We're going to have one off after fat.
Was pretty.
Why is he pretty on there?
Speaking of pretty.
Oh, it is on it.
No, it's not.
I don't see.
There it is.
It's got one vote.
Yes, pretty.
Redifion was one.
Eric says they're using a new hosting company for the stats page.
And he will send you an email later about whatever issue you may be having.
Well, they're not doing it right.
Well, he's on it.
Okay, leave it to me.
See, Eric's the one that gets its rate now.
But I'm always the eagle eye, man.
I got my eye on it.
The evil eye.
The evil eagle eye.
I'm always right on top of that, baby.
Look at that.
It's all the way up to minus six already.
It's almost like a 20 degrees plus Fahrenheit.
Not exciting.
Man faces 50 years for sex with bride 14.
Expecting couple cross-state lines to marry.
Falsit in Nebraska.
A 22-year-old man faces up to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty yesterday to sexual assault charges, filed after he impregnated and then married a 14-year-old girl.
If it was good enough for Jerry Lee Lewis and she was his cousin by the way back then, was she 12 or 14 or whatever, then it was good enough for this guy.
She was like 13 or something, yeah.
Who Jerry Lee Lewis is a cousin?
Right.
At any rate.
Matthew Koso legally married the girl in Kansas after she became pregnant.
The girl 14-year-old Crystal Koso gave birth August 24th of a girl, Samara.
Sentencing was set for for birth at the 7th.
Legally married, who were in Kansas, even though they were in Nebraska, sitting across the state line.
Now it's interesting that Kansas being in the stone age, being way back in the dark ages of the human race, isn't that amazing that they're like all whipped up into arms about all this stuff in the textbooks and
intelligence design and all this crap.
And yet I think it fits right in.
Sure.
But just like Joja, if you're like five years old, you can get married as long as the parents say, okay.
Right.
You got a nice big fat dowry, why not?
Or the other way around?
But they didn't evolve from monkeys.
You ever been to Joja?
Yes.
I have.
Don't insult the monkeys by the way.
The gender, maybe they evolved from Davy Jones.
For they sure smell like it.
The case generated international media attention when Nebraska Attorney General John Bruning filed first-degree sexual assault charges against Koso in July.
Koso's trial was scheduled to begin Thursday, as in tomorrow.
Bruning said that Koso was a friend of the girls half brother.
They could start to sound like that.
That's right.
Oh my god.
He's a friend of the girls half brother and began a relationship with her when she was 12.
I ride.
Nebraska requires people to be at least 17 before they can marry.
State law also prohibits people 19 year old of her having sex with those under the age of 16.
After the girl became pregnant her mother gave permission for Koso to take her daughter requests to stay lined to
Hayawatha, Kansas.
Hayawatha.
There is no minimum age for marriage in Kansas.
None.
As in, maybe that's why there are so many fetus huggers.
They may be like to marry one.
We like to marry my fetus, sure.
Or maybe you could marry an embryo.
Yo, yo.
There is no, no, that's faculty.
There's no minimum age for marriage in Kansas, but state law requires anyone under 18
mind to marry to have permission of both parents or a guardian or a guardian angel.
If there's no parent or guardian, permission from a judge is required.
Here come the judge.
Koso's lawyer, Willis Yosel, Yosel, has said that the girls mother and Koso's parents
had proved to the marriage.
The girls father hasn't lived with the family for some time.
Oh boy.
Kansas governor Kathleen Sabilius recently said she was asking legislators to establish a
strict ban on marriage involving anyone under 18 to 16.
The governor said the legislation should also be tender requirement for parental or judicial
consent for those aged 16 or 17.
Oh look at that.
Our poll is starting to take shape now.
Fag is rushing right to the top.
Would there be any doubt?
Well, I would have heard feminine.
Well, Fag and feminine both seem to be doing very nicely.
Thank you.
How about Truman Capote?
What you called him?
See, I never had the plighter.
Well, wait till you see the movie.
You will watch the movie because you like Phillips and more Thomas Hoffman.
I will.
Uncable for free.
The most amazing, the last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 13.
A feminine 9.
A phony for dumb four.
How about a dumb fat phony?
That's like short fat phony.
Fat four, a loser three, coward three, pretty three.
See, I told you that.
Guys don't want to be called pretty even if they are pretty.
What if they have a pretty mouth?
No, I'm not talking about pretty mouth.
A whim three, a wannabe one, liar one, ugly one, a-hole none, beautiful none, and the crook none.
So that's interesting.
Pretty three four, but beautiful would be okay.
What a beautiful guy, you know.
But pretty guy.
Oh, pretty, uh, get sweet me about that.
Is the Pentagon spying on America?
Yes.
Oh.
Absolutely.
A year ago, at a Quaker Media, now they actually had a piece on this on the NBC.
Last night, they did you watch five?
I was, I said, I saw it.
I saw it.
He's got two sets of teeth on the bottom.
Did you ever notice that?
Like a shark?
No, I didn't.
I just noticed.
What in the front and one behind?
I'm on positive with that.
He's got a, I'm headed for 18th.
Like a phony.
He's got a fat on his head.
A year ago, at a Quaker Media House in Lake Worth, Florida.
Oh my God.
A small group of activists met to plan a protest of military recruiting at local high schools.
What they didn't know was that their meeting had come to the attention of the West Military.
A secret 400 pages of Defense Department document obtained by NBC News.
And, listen, Lake Worth meeting as a threat.
And one or more than, remember the meeting and it wasn't San Diego and Fair and High 911?
Remember that with the cookies?
Yeah.
Well, they had those dangerous cookies.
One or more than 1500 suspicious incidents across the country of a recent 10 month period.
This peaceful and occasionally-related group of people being called a threat is incredible.
How do you think it means?
It means gray blood.
It says, Evie Graschow, a member of the Florida Group, called the Truth Project.
This is incredible.
It means gray blood.
As Group member Rich Hirsch, it's an example of paranoia of our government.
He says, we're not doing anything illegal.
The Defense Department document has the first, inside looked at how the US military stepped up intelligence collection inside this country since 9-11,
which now includes the monitoring of peaceful anti-war and counter military recruitment groups.
I think Americans should be concerned that the military in fact has reached too far since NBC News Military Analyst Bill Arkin.
The Department of Defense declined repeated requests by NBC News for an interview.
A spokesman said that all domestic intelligence information is properly collected and involves protection of defense department installations, interest and personnel.
The military has always had a legitimate force protection mission inside the US to protect its personnel and facilities from potential violence.
But the Pentagon now collects domestic intelligence that goes beyond legitimate concerns about terrorism or protecting US military insulation to critics be saying.
The DOD database obtained by NBC News includes nearly four dozen anti-war meetings of protests, including some that have taken place far away from any military installation, post a recruitment center.
One incident, so-called incident, involved the database, is a large anti-war protest that would hide and vine in L.A. last March that included effigies of President Bush and anti-war protest banners.
Another incident mentions a planned protest against military recruiters last December in Boston and a planned protest last April at the McDonald's National Solution America's Heroes, a military air and seashow in Fort Lauderdale.
The Fort Lauderdale protest was deemed not to be a credible threat and it column in the database concludes US group exercise and constitutional rights.
What a concept!
Talk about a retro concept.
243, well back in the day, you know, 243 other incidents in the database were discounted because they had no connection to the Department of Defense yet they all remained in the database and Uncle Sam is got his eagle eye on your ass.
This is New Roger. Welcome. This is Parties TVQAS.
The Fort Lauderdale protest is a very popular protest against the United States.
George, this is an excerpt from your speech earlier in the week. Every new citizen of the United States has an obligation to learn our customs and the English language.
Dude, you can't even speak English.
Well, sometimes I'm mangled English language, I get that.
Sometimes it sounds like you're in skintin and like you're speaking bulk in or something.
Maybe I need to learn to communicate better.
G, you think?
And as any of you wonder, how far a mastery of the English language can take you?
Just look what it did for me.
Abu Gaur is great.
Who?
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Sturks to people in the Astridone like Capitol.
While half the National Guard was in high-rise.
He's cut funding for their nebby's, looters causing and our deeds.
In a room, we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway, a one-wiker we drained a lake.
I'd even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was a case named in Crawford.
I guess next year they'll mean no money grow.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
Well, guess who was one of the witnesses for Tukis execution in California?
Man, a cross-bite.
She's so ridiculous.
She makes for Roldo look like a serious journalist.
That's how Lutukrish is.
Not only can she speak, but she's always there to the sport.
I thought he looked very mean and very...
Pretty said, but you know, it's an MSNBC is desperate.
And that's obvious.
Helen Thomas is the Immacrets are desperate too and she happens to be...
Absolutely correct.
She says if Democrats only had some courage.
I don't want to start reading a whole bunch of stuff here.
But you know what I'm going to do?
Start reading the whole bunch of stuff.
There you go.
I'll wrap.
And then we'll take some calls later on in the SN, which is where most of them belong.
Oh, and somebody flashed and I would agree with you.
I'll just have to call it the P word.
Oh, you don't go ahead and put it on there.
You would agree?
No doubt.
That's what we call the P word.
Can't say it though.
Even though there was a character in a very famous James Bond movie with that name,
but we can't say that neither.
Somebody better tell out how we can't...
The character of the soprano still.
That's right.
Big P.
Ever take a big P?
Yes.
If Democrats only had some courage, Washington is about time that the Me Too Democrats,
especially those in Congress who vote with the Republicans so often,
stand up and be counted.
Helen says too many Democrats are tipped away around the major issue of spacing our nation afraid of venture out of them.
This is a big mistake at a time when the nation is begging for true leadership.
We're begging over here.
Democrats with the courage to be leaders could have a field they pointing out
that millions of Americans like health insurance and that 37 million are fallen below the poverty line.
Soon they will no longer be able to claim that theirs is a caring political party because they won't have any evidence that this is true.
Take for example the case of Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, please.
Instead of endorsing universal health care, a topic she knows a lot about.
Clinton is busy co-sponsoring with Senator Robert Bennett, Republican Utah.
A lot of our desecration of the flag.
Has anyone burned a flag lately?
It burns.
Clinton is a leading contender for the Democratic presidential nomination,
which might explain why she's busy pandering to conservatives instead of staking out a leadership role on more important issues.
The Democrats lack a political courage as lifehoters with the choice of Republicans who call themselves that,
and Republicans who call themselves Democrats.
The result the GOP gets a free ride.
President Bush has been weakened this year in the allegations of corruption among GOP leadership have heard the party.
Democrats have a golden chance to hammer away at the mistakes made by the Bush administration,
and to support Representative Jack Murtha of Pennsylvania,
who has made a dramatic and courageous call for the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq within six months.
Murtha's House and Senate colleagues should rush to embrace him.
Instead, many of them are scattered to the winds, carefully parsing out the distinctions that they claim proved that they're not like Murtha.
The Pennsylvania Democrat is a newly minted dove he was in the Marine Corps for 37 years,
and had such post-size to the Pentagon brass that some believe he's speaking for many of them in his call to win the war in Iraq.
Murtha argues that will confront less terrorism if the US ends its occupied pace to have Iraq.
He also frets that the US military will be caught in a raki civil war if it stays behind.
To the alarm of the right-wing Democrats, Murtha has been joined by House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi,
who's endorsed his plan for a pull-out from Iraq within six months,
but most House Democrats are taking the marching orders from Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois,
chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and Representative Stenny O'Hoyer of Maryland,
the second ranking House Democratic leader, who believe in a go-slow strategy.
It was sad to see Emanuel and his cohorts fail to endorse Murtha,
despite the realization that Congress was able to build a good and endorsing the war,
the Emanuel led Democrats fled when Murtha took a strong stand.
They also put a damper on howardine after he said on Monday that the idea we're going to win this war
is an idea that unfortunately is just playing wrong.
White House press secretary Scott McFellon said Dean was advocating the US should cut and run and retreat.
Dean changed his tune on Thursday and proposed a strategic read-of-plow-in-the-160,000 US troops in Iraq over two years.
It's possible to imagine the twist marks on his arms left there by Kim and Democrats.
On the domestic side, the Democrats should put a put on a whale-lighted marquee,
the fact that the Republican-controlled Congress plans to save $50 billion over five years
by cutting food stamps, student loans, and by slapping new fees on Medicaid recipients
of using child support enforcement so much for compassionate conservatism.
At the same time, the House on Thursday passed tax cuts totaling $95 billion,
sending a clear message that the budgeted deposits will continue to grow.
The Democrats should learn from the cowardly lion's story and the wizard of Oz,
the King of Beast War and Courage and Limited.
Light-wanted Courage and Limited, life is sad, believe me, Missy,
when you're born to be a sissy without the women verb.
There's still time for a Courage Trans blankly for the next election.
Helen Thomas hopes in praise, actually some of the rest of us put the whole of your breath.
I love that line about you.
You could see the twist marks on Howard Dean's arm.
Yeah, from the other Democrats.
God. And of course from his far-bison wife.
All keeps saying far-bison, shout out and know what that means.
Oh, it does not.
Well, we give him a good example.
109 votes on the new poll, baby.
I'm really, I'm so glad I discovered the thing that I was already flipping out when I looked at that thing on our website.
See, Eric, he makes these changes.
What have I got to do with it? It's only our show.
He's doing a wonderful job, but nevertheless I look at that thing and I think,
what's that? You know what I'm saying?
What he says?
Well, I don't, it's too technical.
We don't want to give him one of the air.
It looks bad. It's like, you know, but everything else under is just fine.
So who cares?
Who cares how many hits we take unless George is the one taking them?
That's right.
The last thing most guys want to be called is,
Fag 28. Did we add the, oh yeah, we did add that with a capital P.
I see.
The P word P, like, for the planners, like he said.
The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 28.
You Fag it.
A loser 14, a feminine 14.
Coward 12, dumb 10, FAT 8.
You FAT Slob.
A phony, you know, six, Wimp 5.
The P word for a P.
Pretty. There's another P word for it.
A wannabe 3, liar 3, A whole 2.
Look at that. We got two words on the employer and we can't even say one of them we got, it's a sad.
Crook 2, ugly 2, and beautiful, none.
They all want to be called beautiful.
This is a meal Roger.
The none.
This is 560, you fail, Fag.
Whatever the heck it is and the people that call in,
they're just like them like that they run the year.
What a court, the weed, and they're high and they're high and being as terrible.
For years that I've been looked at listening to 6Pen and MS here.
Goodell.
This ex-miss, you don't want to offend anybody on your holiday gift list?
Ha, ha.
Give them the new politically correct, non-denominational holiday record.
This is a memory non-denominational celebration.
We wish you a memory non-denominational celebration.
We wish you a memory non-denominational celebration.
And the upbeat change of the calendar.
Who could possibly take issue with songs like these?
We know all my life, like in the December.
Yes, we take in the new home, out of Christmas.
We bear among your flesh, all green, turn among your flesh.
Make me everybody happy.
Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today.
And have a happy, feelin' the blind.
I was 31 at the generic radio, 560 WQM.
Mad Dog from 4 to 7 following the mole-meister.
He'll be on 2 to 4, moman, moman, moman, moman.
And we got that hurricane stuff that nobody cares about.
And camp on a 10 after we get that out of the way.
Because it's contractually obligated.
How many QAAM? Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
All right.
I was just so I came back today to share a satellite thing
you're talking about, other.
Yeah?
Stern was on the show today.
And I guess Walter Sabo works there now.
Walter Sabo?
Yeah!
Oh my God!
Hey, look at him big.
He was talkin' about him, mod.
Today, like, you know, gushin' all over, and wall.
Walter Sabo is doin' this great.
No, no, no.
So, maybe he could play that song for me.
Oh, that is just unbelievable.
I thought you'd know.
Walter Sabo is involved with Syrian?
Get Syrian, man.
They're gonna be dangerous, man.
Oh, yeah, man.
Hey, guys, I'm off the all day.
And back to you, pal.
Happy generic Christmas, over.
Have a happy Christmas and a merry-y-off,
how do you call it, or whatever.
Happy birthday.
Walter Sabo.
Oh my God.
How's Karen Gay?
Okay, do it.
He's those who forgot.
What a thought.
Hey, Walter.
You're parents.
Yeah, Walter Sabo.
We look like a sedan,
but what the hell is that, like, up in the recall?
I got the tickets.
It's actually not on my hand,
but could I think if you were rainy or snow?
I'm gonna do Sabo, baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I hear your concerns, this woman.
And God, I think it's something you,
but you're the best old,
I'm the best old,
and a formula,
I've got the power to hold in your control.
Where are you going to go,
as you,
wherever I have a way to get to your own show,
at a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting alone.
Just as long as you can stroke people,
come on, say, Bob, baby.
And you'll do anything I want to do to you.
I'm your consultant woman,
straight your name,
and I desire you.
I'm gonna vote you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna dance like I can,
and we'll dance.
That's why I'm a consultant,
because I'm just an ass.
Oh, yeah.
Man, he's just an ass.
Woo!
What a quick finger.
I'm the first on the end of that one.
Right, that one.
But I wasn't prepared for the ass at the end.
Right?
The whole thing.
Oh, man.
Anyway, that was beautiful.
The last thing most guys want to be called is
158 votes already.
What do we change as a noon?
Their boots?
Or 11?
Felt like noon.
I think it's noonish.
Last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 39,
effeminate 19.
How about you fairy?
A coward 17, a loser 15,
the P-word 12.
Now, see, there are several P-words on there,
which I can think of when begins with like PR,
which is nothing like a bad PR.
But I think, now, what's that very popular cat food,
Pussin' Boots?
Is it a cat food?
Yeah.
Anyway, 12, dumb 11, fat 9,
a phony 8,
wimp 7, liar 6,
pretty 4.
What a pretty guy.
A1, a B3, ugly 3,
A2, like Walter Sabo,
crook 2, and beautiful 1.
Yeah.
Beautiful 1.
A beautiful guy.
All the time.
You haven't ever seen a beautiful man?
Well, that's not what I was asking about,
nevertheless.
You know, once this man gets the show down to the gutter,
there's no getting it out.
You understand?
Joyce, hey, Joyce, come in here and drag his ass out.
What does Jack read responding to Bush again?
Bush made his, uh,
a rack pitching in today.
Democratic Senator Jack read from Washington.
That was so wonderful with that affected British accent,
because it's seen in international,
because they're cutting back out expenses.
And so the summer chasing this crap.
Oh, God.
Give us a break.
US ranked number six among countries,
jamming journalists through court,
said, we're number six, dammit.
Who did more?
The United States has tied with Myanmar,
the former Burma.
I don't even know if I'm saying that right.
Is that how you say it, Myanmar?
I'll take your word for it, my name.
Well, it used to be Burma.
You know where it is.
It's like, it's jutting down there.
It looks like a little, like a cow's uterus.
The former Burma forced this place
about countries that are holding the most
journalists behind bars.
Well, what else does it look like?
I think utter, the word you were looking for, but...
I see uterus.
That cow's utter.
Oh, it's the other utter thing.
I'm sorry.
I said uterus.
That's bad.
I don't think I've ever seen it.
I mean, it's the other thing that's hanging down.
All right.
Well, what do I know about that stuff?
Now, it came for recently, not much.
See, I told you, once you've started, there's no turning back.
Okay, you read it.
How's that?
You read the name, sir.
A cow's uterus, my ass.
Wow.
According to a new report,
I think I'm ready to protect your lips.
Well, we got something we all are going to wind up in jail.
I'm going to have to have this show.
Man, no more stale Roger show.
I'll tell you that.
Nothing's stale about this show.
You can almost smell it.
I said, W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm sorry about George having a p-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neal, I got one for your poll.
Yes?
Squawning.
There's a lot of guys out there who hate to be called squawning.
Really?
Oh, my God.
It's like a major blow to the ego.
They're not big and strong or squawning.
Especially when they're called by a woman.
Okay.
Two million times a land.
Thanks, Kelly.
Thank you.
Squawning, you got it?
Well, that's...
Squawled that on there is squawning.
I don't see too many squawning guys anymore.
Not too much no more.
You used to be a lot of squawning guys.
No, it's probably more.
I know.
Stupid question.
How do you sell squawning with like a W?
With a W.
SCRAW and Y.
Squawning.
Kinda rams with punk satani and brunny.
Opposite handbrake.
Oh, I like your paper towels though, brunny.
Right?
Yeah, that's gonna be our pool next hour.
What's your favorite brand of paper towel?
Now, after that turlid paper, Mr. Whipple, actually, you know, I found that some generic brands of turlid paper are wonderful.
They're really comfortable.
You're welcome.
Somebody cue I am.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
You?
Yes.
Hey, it's Calvin.
Calvin.
For my 10 years ago, what's got on the beach?
Calvin and Ian?
Calvin and Ian.
Yes.
How old are you?
Oh, my God.
How are things?
Okay.
Well, the reason I'm calling today is back on the beach again in Fort Waterdale.
But the reason I'm calling is that you're calling earlier.
The guy you called earlier to complain about you talking about Bush?
That was Ian.
Oh.
It was Ian calling.
He's just keeps talking about both Black Mountain and you talking about Bush.
That's all he talks about is Bush now.
Well, what does that understand?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's all he talks about is Bush now.
Well, maybe he changed his interest.
Maybe he changed his interest.
Wow.
I know a lot of guys who talk about that on-stop.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is $5.62.
$5.62.
$5.62.
$5.62.
Sit for a while.
I'm dying on the hand.
You and me, we come from different worlds.
I like to wear my sideburns with my own curls.
Something I'm crazy.
They wonder why.
I go out dressed like this because I'm a rabbi.
But there's nothing I can do.
Oh.
I'm happy I was born with you.
Look at me.
And it's very plain to see.
I don't believe in Jesus Christ's divinity.
I will eat, not to close your cow.
Of a potato pancake show wood.
It's a spy right now.
But there's nothing I can do.
I'm happy I was born with you.
Total behavior.
Put on a little hat and dress up really strange.
And I'll spend the afternoon searching my couch for change.
I'll call my best friend's house.
We'll go out for my meatballs.
Then I'll tell him that I've put my wallet in and he'll pay for me.
I can't help it if I'm stingy.
I'm happy I was born with you.
Total behavior.
I'm happy I was born with you.
I'm stingy.
I'm happy I was born with you.
That was bad I should have dropped it.
That was bad I was born with you.
There's no thinking about that cow.
You do this.
That's people eat those.
People eat everything.
1246-14-1 is almost that time.
Maybe the moment he is got a simulating show for it.
We have Mad Dog's last show of the year.
I can't go over that.
Can you believe it?
We know that.
It goes to prove what you've learned all the time.
The chronics just when you think they're long gone.
They resurface.
Imagine of all things to be product.
I have no life.
Ex-deputy cops plea and get three years probation in BS.
Oh, records falsification case.
Just in.
How to off the press.
BS O-deputy Edwin Aureus, who today falsifying police records,
was sentenced to three years probation.
For making up confessions that included blaming burglaries on a dead man
and a guy who was imprisoned at the time of the crimes.
Aureus 35 left the Brewer County Courthouse by a side door
without answering questions after entering his pleas
and agreeing to become a state's witness against his fellow cops
and the two year state attorneys investigation of the BSO.
Deputies in properly clearing cases.
In June, he was charged with five felony counts of official misconduct
for closing out by exception open burglar investigations
through untrue confessions.
They were untrue.
Wednesday's plea agreement called from to admit to three misdemeanor counts
and receive a year of consecutive probation per week.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
His attorney, Hilord Moldov, said they were going to fight like crazy
to keep Aria certified as the law enforcement officer
and hope that someday obtaining a job with another police department
they're going to fight like crazy.
Ready for that?
I'm ready.
Hand over fist, tooth and nail, as in do not go to jail,
probation, suspended a sentence.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the year.
I've got to read the year.
I can't do it.
Oh, you can't.
I mean, I got a scratchy throw, man.
I got him right on the edge.
Back to way from the edge.
I think I'm about sick the last couple days before
vacations over the whole day.
Kind of like Jai showed up on hour and a half late on Friday.
Probably was busy casting that check.
Nobody, Qion, hello.
Qion.
Can I see the nail?
Speaking.
Hey, Niel.
I'm going to tell you a quick story about the Stanley Dancer.
It's still here with you.
And one thing.
Do I have any idea?
Can you hear the radio is clicking to the opposition?
The late great Stanley Dancer who died not too long ago.
Yeah.
What's the load?
I don't think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the year.
Thank you.
What?
That was already losing consciousness.
Well, no.
I mean, we have four people in the audience who know anything about harness racing.
And I don't want to tell the story again about how Alan Fickleson brought Stanley Dancer to my table.
And I'd cost me a lot of money because he thought I was Hank.
I wanted to talk to me about football.
And I was trying to bet the one horse.
And then the four broken fat rich had the two over the seven eight nine, etc.
Nobody cares.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Niel?
Okay, pal.
Hey, happy holidays.
Yeah, I got one for the ball for you.
Yeah, okay.
I don't think there's any man like he called Wip.
You know, Wip?
Wip?
Okay.
You know?
F?
Okay, see, connected the...
Oh, you can't connect the dots.
Oh, wait.
You connected the dots.
What's down there?
Okay, Wip is okay.
You know, you could put the whole thing on there if you want to put the Wip.
I'm here.
Wip and Wip.
Wip, okay?
Like Wip's creed.
A lot of guys like it.
Like being Wiped.
And Shane, so?
And Shane.
And tied away bag.
But, don't, don't, don't, don't.
All of these things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, I tell you, we sure had that square button working fever today.
I don't know what that's all about.
It's all about those, huh?
Let's be shy.
Yeah, it must be shy, but then it must be the Israeli fact.
You know, devious and dangerous and perverted stuff like that.
Bring it out of them.
I don't know.
I saw those Israelis on that thing on BBC, or CBC.
Yeah, I just, I don't know any of those people.
I don't know who any of those people are.
And seriously, they're not like any Jews I've ever known.
I've known a lot of Jews in my time, like my family, all the way to hell with them.
But I just, I've never been any Jews like those people.
It's a special breed.
And that's why, that's why it's so bizarre that the Palestinians and the Israelis can't get along
because they're basically the same.
You know, they got different fairy tales, but other than that, they're basically the same.
They're all circumspect.
Right?
Right?
Yeah.
And they're like semites.
Yes.
Right?
And they're like, you know, dig holes in the sand to build whatever the sand cancels or whatever they're...
It's the same.
5,000 years have been killing each other.
I guess they keep doing it because somebody told them that, you know, tradition is good.
Why do we celebrate Hanukkah?
I don't know.
It's tradition.
God wants you to kill those people.
Exactly.
He told you so right in the good book.
God is a loving God, but whatever you do, don't miss one of them.
Okay.
I believe one out and cut the babies out of the womb, too.
I know what's going to happen if that's not true.
And watch out for the cause, uterus, whatever you do.
I can't believe it.
I don't know.
It was good.
It was good for a couple of yucks.
What do I know from you, the rest?
I don't know.
I need to complicate it.
You'd ride.
Yeah.
It's not in my league.
It's out of my category.
Thank God.
And of course, there were probably times you were thinking the same thing would have been, but nevertheless,
our house is in particular.
I can think of the last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 59.
The P word is moved up to...
Not 30 men.
You're like that.
The feminine 25, coward 25, a loser 23, a loser.
Dumb 13.
But nobody wants to be called a loser.
Dirty, dirty, dirty.
A phony 11, fat 9, whip 9, liar 8, a wannabe 6, pretty 6.
Ugly 6, beautiful 4.
A hole 3, crook 2, whipped 1, and scrawny none.
I don't know where that was coming from.
I think that I just made it up.
Doug Thompson on the rant, published a little bit of a little blue, who was one of the best...
I think I like his comments more than anybody.
He's great.
Because he really just...
He don't hold anything back.
Just rips ass.
Does that beat a brother the bush?
Well, he does, and we like that.
Although it's getting potterous, you know, according to a...
And you know that it was a crime.
Yeah.
When you know that?
Nor's life guards.
Good God.
You fairy.
As the dank reigness of late fall and early winners settled in over the nation's capital,
a winner storm over its own rage inside the White House.
George W. Bush's senior adviser, frantic over what to do about the president's plummeting approval numbers,
argued over conflicting strategies.
The president's intent to use veterans' days, rallying cry for the war in Iraq,
felt flat on a skeptical public, and attempts to pay Democratic Congressman John Murther,
and honored Vietnam War veteran on patriotic practice approval.
In conversations with the White House, AID's GOP advises and others close to the Bush administration,
all of whom insist on anonymity for fear of retaliation from a president who views such actions as treason,
a portrait of a White House torn by turf battles and finger-pointing emerges.
Yet amid all this debate, a classic case of good cop, bad cop, political strategy emerged.
Presidential chief of staff Andrew Card, considered one of the sainter voices within the administration,
argued against attacking Murther or other planned attempts by presidential political guru Carl Rowe,
to paint Democrats as cowards for opposing the war in Iraq.
Card instead pushed a plan if it pushed on the road with the new series of speeches,
where the president would admit some mistakes in the war in Iraq,
but argued that the U.S. must remain committed to the war and see it true.
The plan angered Rowe, who never wants to present, to amend error.
Admitting the states as a sign of weakness, Rowe argued.
The only thing George W. Bush has left at this point is his leadership.
His steadfastness has resolved. You can't weaken that with a we were wrong strategy.
Rowe wanted to step up attacks on Democrats, castigating them for advocating withdrawal from Iraq,
and painting them as un-American for opposing the war.
We've tried that card shot, back it didn't work.
Rowe argued that the plan would work if the White House didn't quit changing strategy
every time new pull numbers came in.
Bush forced to choose between conflicting plans from two thruster days,
decided to give cards idea a try.
His first speech met with lukewarm views, but his pull numbers showed us like bump.
So the White House booked more speeches, with Bush showing determination
mixed with just enough admission of error.
But Bush wasn't ready to let the Democrats off for daring to oppose him on Iraq.
He told Rowe to find another venue to attack opponents of the war,
so Rowe protted over to three ten first streets southeast,
home of the Republican National Committee, and pitched an inflammatory website ad that showed Democrats
slunking away in surrender, called retreat and defeat.
The ad shows Democrats waving the White flag on Iraq, and has brought instant condemnation
from both Democrats and Republicans.
The Republican Party's latest ad is a shameful and disgusting attempt
to distract the American people from the problems in Iraq,
the Democratic Senate, Daniel Inuay, Congressional Medal of Honor winner from WDW2.
It may improve the president's political fortunes, but the American people on our troops will pay the price.
South Carolina Republican Senate Lindsey Graham is equally outraged.
I don't think it's appropriate.
Howard Dean is wrong when he says we can't win.
It doesn't mean he's not a patriot.
John Kerry wants to cut the force by two thirds.
I think he's wrong, but it doesn't mean he's not a patriot Graham says.
When asked if the exit would be pulled Graham responds,
yes, I don't want to have a campaign about who's a patriot.
I want to have a campaign that would unite the country, find consensus on Iraq,
and talk about our political differences in terms of making it stronger, not weaker.
Sizz Inuay, I hope that President Bush realizes how shameful it is
to play politics for what we really need his leadership,
and that he'll direct his party to take down this anti-medially.
Or if you can't do that, in this case, Karl rove did what he was told.
He found another venue to use what has become a favorite ploy the president of the US cast anyone who opposes his policy as a traitor to the country,
which of course is...
We say on this though, it's an old smirror and sheer smirror tactic,
maybe smirror and smirror.
And that's all they do.
Everybody, Paul O'Neil, you name it.
Everybody's anti-American, everybody is a traitor.
They're hurting our true karma.
Yeah.
They're hurting them morale of the truth.
This is so old, man.
I mean, if it's not, they were in the same crev...
Oh, you're hurting them morale of the truth with these demonstrations.
Yeah, I'm sure that morale is really wonderful.
Okay, we keep getting these phony reports from these retired generals on air.
Oh, yeah, I was over there and the morale was very, very high.
Yeah, there's among those guys who are still alive.
Right. And it's still got all of their body.
It would be if you'd tell me he's just shut up.
That's right.
If us, Kami Pinkos would just...
And like what's his name says, the lifeguard,
if we just lay off Bush already, it's getting really ponderous.
In fact, it's getting a little stale.
This is Neil Rodney with the Bitcoin.
This is 5.62 AF.
That's the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
And keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism.
In the tradition of Edward Amaro, see it now.
5.60 WQAF who presents now, see here, with MoHOWIT David.
I'll see here.
Not a new gig here.
And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is told.
Now see here.
Who did more for radio?
Neil Rodgers or Hoeyboss Garandasin?
Now, again, here's my last view.
Are you guys all right?
I'm all right.
I said Hoeyboss Garandasin.
That's who?
But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radium.
And at pipe smoker, he ain't no mayor.
Why Hoeyboss Garandasin sang nice song?
Oh, he had a few miles to you.
Listen here.
Are you guys all right?
There you are.
Don't think I was talking about not an image.
Why sure?
That there that's Neil singing the disparaging songs about the...
And then a bag of doornail, he writes them in the Neil's sing them.
Now you know he's queer, but real men don't sing.
And another thing, Hoeyboss Garandasin, was a lot better than Neil too.
That there's what made him their best.
On the next installment of...
Now see here.
Who made a better cup of coffee?
Mrs. Olsen or Jackie Robinson?
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for more indignants.
And now see here.
That bear over here.
One or two at five, sixty WDQM on the Steel Roger show.
We got the new and refreshing and the man who's going to reinvent talk radio the most
Howard David show at two, mad dog at four.
And after that, forget about it, at least till ten.
Moreen Dowd writes, W won't read this.
Maybe so did he read it to him, Moreen.
What do you think?
Maybe not?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
He's not going to be a good guy.
They can try to frighten people with
talking about how to dream of a new
Islamic caliphate.
They're latest attempt to scare
Americans in the supporting the
war they ginned up.
Whether or not it needed to happen
the president told the anchor,
I'm still convinced it needed to happen.
The bubble walk can even counter
the himself and not notice.
W is contention that he's informed by people
from all walks of life as a joke,
as is his wacky assertion that he can reach out
to the public more than Abraham Lincoln
because he has their force one.
Lincoln actually went to the front in his war
with many balls whizzing in his arms
and he was going to be a good guy.
But that was many balls.
A musket balls.
Oh.
No funny turkey from a musket balls.
Can we say that?
Nothing more.
No funny turkey for Abe.
The president may fly all over
all walks of life and air force one
or drive by them and hide behind dark
tinted windows.
In his bubble he floats through a
comforting world of doting women,
respectful military audiences,
loyal Republican donors,
and screen partisan groups with protesters,
Democrats, journalists, critics,
and coffins of dead soldiers,
kept at bay.
He's probably even been shielded
from the outrage of John and Stacey Holley,
both American veterans,
who were shocked to learn that their only child, Matthew,
killed in Iraq,
would be arriving in San Diego
as freight on a commercial airliner.
Jack Murth of the Hawkeys Democrat,
close to the Pentagon,
has supported both wars against Iraq
and the Bushes, has been brained against the Bush isolation.
He told Newsweek that a letter he wrote to the president
making suggestions about how to fight the Iraq war
was ignored for seven months,
then brushed off by a deputy undersecretary defense.
Even after he went public,
he still didn't get a call from the White House.
If they talked to people he said,
they wouldn't get these operas.
Mr. Murth are told rolling stone
that the administration's deafness had doomed Iraq.
Everything we did was mishandled.
Plans that the military in the state department
had in place, they ignored him.
The military tells me that when they were planning the invasion,
the administration would let one of the primary three-star generals
in the room.
The president's bubble requires constant care.
It's not easy to keep out huge transities like Katrina
or flawed policies like Iraq.
As Newsweek noted,
a foreign diplomat was startled when
Secretary-State Rice warned
him not to lay bad news on the president.
Don't upset him, she said.
Heaven forbid, don't burst his bubble.
Here's your money, Dodd today.
Tommy Pico, she tells it like it is.
Like I said, don't ever watch your MTV.
She's horrible on TV, but her columns are great.
She's stagged with this.
She just did not go,
well, keep reading them to us.
Okay.
Keep reading them to us.
And that was the new column, by the way.
That's from this morning's New York Times.
There was something new as opposed to like olden stale
like from last week.
We don't want to be stale.
We want to keep it fresh.
Keep it fresh, Neil.
Keep it fresh.
Nothing stale.
I understand if it's, huh?
Fresh and crispy.
Right.
Because if it's still, it can smell it.
It stinks.
291 votes on the new poll.
You see, and I changed the poll.
That was bad.
I shouldn't have changed the poll.
Yet.
Oh well.
I did it because I looked on that stat thing.
I thought, boy, there's something wrong here.
They must hate this poll.
We're not going to, and then come to find out that
Eric has been, you know, playing fast and loose
with some new outfit on there.
It's got like a new system.
So for like everything.
For every hit we get on there, like it's show.
For every 10, which shows like we get one or something like that.
Like I don't want to say.
I think he's trying to declate my big ego.
I like the hits to be exactly where you want it.
Yeah, all the hits all the time.
That's what we want, Eric.
All the hits all the time.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's wood behind him.
Live donkey shows.
Yeah, we have live donkey shows for your, uh,
rectum.
So get right over there.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil. How about cheap?
Cheap is good.
Now for your poll.
That's what I'm saying.
Cheap is good for the poll.
I remember saying it was good.
Thanks, pal.
All right, buddy.
Cheers.
All right.
Right?
Nobody wants to be called cheap.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Unless, of course, they really are.
They're almost proud of it.
Unless it's their identity.
Like some people I know.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
Please, give me that Q-T-U-T.
Hey, I'm Nick Donalds, Neil.
Yeah.
And I just ordered a big Mac, budget-freeze.
Okay, good.
I hope you choke on it.
5667-0560, pound 566, didn't even rise in a singular wireless line.
I hope you choke on it.
Some other food too, while you're at it.
That was utterly ridiculous that W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Polly.
Yes, sir.
How about put George on the pole?
Put George on the pole.
Last thing when we call it is a jackass like you, sir.
That's your buddy.
That's your friend.
Sure.
Mm-hmm.
Boy, get a life.
I have no life.
Oh, what a bulletin.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
O-V-C-S-M-O-R, the pipe smoker, the mad dog, or Henry H.O. Goldberg.
Oh, O-V-C-S-M-O.
I like that.
That's pretty good.
That's great.
Nice job.
That's Ginger and Henry at a deal.
Well, he used to be Ginger Rogers.
Now it's Stale Rogers.
At least he's changing his mind.
Oh, little, yeah.
At least it's something new now.
Stale, I don't want to keep it fresh.
Not now, like those dingal berries and that bags, old and stale.
How much do we have 300 votes?
There's Jack Murther again.
You've got to separate terrorism from the insurgency.
Terrorism started in Afghanistan.
Terrorism, we attacked Afghanistan.
Everybody supported what we did in Afghanistan.
The world supported what we did in Afghanistan.
And we went in to Afghanistan and started to clean that.
Then we diverted our attention to Iraq.
Whether it was no terrorism before, no terrorist camps, no nuclear weapons, no biological chemical weapons,
and none of the things that took us to war.
We go to war, and once our lives are scared, the interest.
We don't go to war to start democracy in another country.
We go to war for one reason.
They keep making sure they don't have to.
There's a lot of security.
They're going to kill people.
They're going to kill people.
They're going to kill people.
Cut that old toad off of there, man.
Cut that Kami Pinko toad off of there.
That bitch.
Uh oh.
Boss accent LA causes multiple injuries.
And there are four dogs got lost in Seattle to this week.
Uh oh.
So they cut him off with the excuse being there showing some stupid ass boss accent in LA.
Like that, like that's a big bulletin, right?
This is used to cut his ass off.
How come they didn't cut bush out after like about 30 seconds, huh?
Shut up, Kami.
Right.
Why do you hate America?
How much time we got?
The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 76.
Fags are out in front, man.
Oh, I thought Fags were in.
Well, I can't say where.
I know.
Thought they're supposed to be out.
Oh, that was good.
Just out of nowhere comes this voice.
Yeah.
They are supposed to be out.
Let's out all of them.
Okay.
All you faggot's out there.
Stand up and be counted.
Tommy Cruz.
And how about you, Miss Fudge?
The Fudge report.
Fags 76.
A P word 43.
Look at the way that baby is moving up there.
Huh?
That is an utterly ridiculous.
Coward 29.
A feminine 28.
A loser 27.
Dumb 14.
Fony 13.
Lire 11.
Even Greg can't handle that.
And of course he knows that.
Fat 11.
Wimp 11.
A whole 7.
A lot of B6.
Pretty 6.
Ugly 6.
How about pretty ugly?
A width 5.
Beautiful 4.
Crook 4.
Scrawnee 2.
And cheap.
Just one honor.
307.
I put that under two soon.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't think they like the other polar.
It was nothing like spicy to it.
You know, the holiday season.
It is boring.
Very boring.
And very stale, by the way.
Yeah, right.
Last year's fruit cake.
I asked this, I think, when you were on vacation.
Do you know anybody who actually eats fruit cake?
No.
But why do people keep giving them men?
You're going to spend the money for them.
Maybe they're cheap.
I don't know.
I think they are.
They're cheap.
They must be.
I think they just have the same batch.
Yeah.
They just keep giving them a round.
You know, people keep giving them a round.
I'm laying out.
I think I had that nightmare last night for a real good reason.
I think it was like a warning.
Like a signal from God.
Oh, God.
Man.
I mean, I'm sure once in my life I ate a piece of fruit.
First of all, they're so damn dry, you know?
Yeah.
They got like dates and figs in them and like, oh, we end there.
And dry.
Like candied fruit.
Do you like like candied fruit?
No.
What do the girls do?
They're just like green things that are in there.
Oh, that's a good question.
I don't know.
What do they come across?
Pomegranates.
Hey, parmiss.
Talking about me?
No, seriously.
What are they?
I don't know.
That's what I asked.
Well, somebody will let us know what's in a fruit cake.
Okay.
We got plenty of fruit cakes out there.
I'm sure.
113.
Are you or something?
That's a good one for the pool.
Fruit cake.
All right.
Huh?
I mean, that doesn't necessarily mean some of the other things on here.
You fruit cake.
Pomegranate.
Pumpato park racing and poker has got the gambling action you want.
Featuring live harness racing in a great poker card room.
Pomegranate park has opened every Wednesday, like today.
And every Friday and Saturday as well.
And best of all, like always, admission and parking are free at Pomegranate Park.
Plunger gut set on Walling, Hennessy.
Well, good luck to you.
And Kevin Wallace and Brucey Ranger and Daryl Bear.
And even Dave Ingramham, if you're really dangerous.
Come root, humble winner from the Railoranger.
I poke around the smoke-free card room with tournaments every day.
Also, of course, cymbal casting.
Seven days a week at Pomegranate Park.
Harness through a bright, high-rise cymbal casting action every day.
From tracks all across the nation.
And North America even would buy in in the docky year races.
Post time is 7.25 at the P.M.
The Cardroom will visit noon.
Come enjoy a fine dining in the top of the park.
Restaurant every Wednesday, like today.
It's dollar-night tonight.
With draft beer hot dogs sold in lot more.
Just a bucket piece.
Pomegranate Park is easy to get.
They're either lost at turnpike or I.
95.
It's just a blocked south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the racing schedule, you can call 954-972-2000
or visit their website at Pomegranapark.com.
Plunge your guts out at Pomegranapark and don't forget.
Slots coming soon, baby.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.62 A.M.
And pit god.
They're fun game.
They're old.
They're the California prune.
When you're getting old and gray.
And your time's to pay it every day.
Give us some rest.
And that's for sure.
And so for you, we got the cure.
Just eat some of us.
Eat us every day.
And then flush your clothes away.
Don't you know that they're ankle and they're tasty?
You never knew so it's so crazy.
Yeah.
X-Wats is nice, but it's don't wake fast.
Just eat some food.
You'll have real blast.
Underbody, yeah.
I'm a party, if you eat us all this money, hey.
I'm a party, I'm a party, I'm a party, yeah.
California prune.
What a way to go.
So, one 18, a cure and now let's see.
Definitely the last thing any guy wants to be for a two is my bitch.
All right.
Well, look at that.
That's from the University Dodgs, this fact.
It's mostly Kimba Bull camp.
Well, I tell you, you think anybody else over there listens to the University Dodgs?
I know, I know they do.
And how in front, that might be it.
Maybe it's it's University of Zangando.
You know that drug addict cow from Dan Dow.
Yeah, you never ate it, Dan Dow's right?
No.
For the clothes of that?
Well, that's good, that's why he stole a lot.
I ate it at the black angus.
That was a bad place.
I'm 441 and you always a good place, once across the street, and it's not there no more
of course, because of that changing neighborhood.
And what that was it that restaurant begins with a sea.
Oh, geez.
There's one still around somewhere.
Where at?
Or you see there all the time.
It was a steakhouse right across the street from Dan.
Well, not right across, but like just on the other side, and 441, like South of Sunrise.
Chucks, that's it, Chuck Steakhouse, wasn't it?
Look up Chuck Steakhouse.
You never ate a Chuck Steakhouse?
No.
That was a damn good place.
I mean, they're not a real out like Ruth Chris, not like a real upscale expensive, and that's why it was good.
That's back in the day before I was making the big bucks before I could afford Ruth Chris.
5670504 Shot Dead in Boston Rap Studio.
And then rappers, man, are they teaching the kids a good, a good, a good, a classy example of how to live your life.
Four main were found fatally shot in the rap music studio in the basement of a Boston home police say today in the city's deadly shooting more than a decade.
The killings lay yesterday in Boston's doorchester.
Neighborhood pushed the city's murder rate to a 10-year high as 71, and Mark Boston's worst shooting since the massacre in Chinatown Social Club that killed five people in 1991.
Police superintendent Bobby Johnson said the latest shootings in the basement music studio of a home did not appear to have been random in the area was not considered a trouble spot.
Police said they didn't have a motor for the shooting.
But you know what?
Oh, Jay McDuffee says boys will be boys.
There's nobody says the juice.
Him and said the kid boys will be boys.
You know what I'm saying?
Whatever that means.
Three of the men were found dead on the scene in the fourth out in the hospital.
Two were white and two were black.
Well, that's good.
You know, we can't make it into a racial thing.
You can't even set up.
Yeah, miss it up.
All were in their early 20s.
Witnesses told police a heavy-set man fled the scene after the shooting.
A heavy-set man.
Maybe it was him.
Who do we know who's from Boston who is heavy-set?
I think he got stressed from being forced to get on the scale yesterday.
He probably flew up there and went nuts.
I don't want to mention no names, Beast.
You see, this in his mind, I don't want to go through.
Well, let's do what he's there tomorrow, right to his ugly face.
The Beast.
I mean, I remember the first time I saw this kid go Brian London.
I thought, who's Brian London?
Right.
Like, oh, that's the Beast.
He's not actually got a name.
Boston's been shaken by a wave of gun violence.
Two things are up 34% from a year ago.
And by the way, so is Toronto.
It actually went about 70 murders this year here too,
although about five times the population of Boston, but nevertheless.
Far-run related arrests have jumped 38% in the 18 to 21-age bracket.
Of the total murders this year, 46 involved guns.
Same here.
I think they got about 58 or 60 gun shootings.
Because mostly from Americans, the guns are coming from America.
I say, those America loves their guns.
We love polishing them and trying them and loading them all off.
And then shooting them in.
Yeah, all over the place.
America loves guns.
You know what else America loves?
Boobs and butts and blinking.
And cell phones.
Oh, yeah.
The 19-year-old Virginia woman known as the cell phone band.
It pleaded guilty yesterday to bank robbery conspiracy and fire from charges.
Now that we know this story, they got the picture here.
Remember that famous picture where she's standing at the teller's cage?
And she's got this phone door air.
I'll tell you, boy does she have a lot of hood spa, huh?
Yeah, she does.
And it's kind of amazing.
Candace Rose Martinez, who gained notoriety for robbing vans yet,
don't sound like always really to me.
Candace Rose Martinez gained notoriety for robbing vans while talking on his phone.
Face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Oh, jeez, he could be the next prison bitch.
She'll be sentenced, March, third, and federal court in Alexandria, Virginia.
She pleaded guilty.
Martinez, a community college student before her rest, also agreed to waive all assets purchased with proceeds from the robberies,
including a car, a big screen TV, furniture and clothing.
I wonder what kind of big screen TV it was.
Wouldn't it require me to mindz wanna know?
All right.
Was it a Sony or some other brand?
Martinez admitted the conspiring Dave Chatton, a chapter of Williams,
throughout four walk, Lockovia bank breaches in North Virginia.
Williams, who was on the other end of her car, her calls drove the getaway car,
he previously pleaded guilty.
Authority said the two got away with 48,620 bucks from four,
who had up to between October 12th of November 4th.
According to an affidavit file in the case, Williams was a former Lockovia employee, aha.
And three of the holdups, cameras kept at a woman talking on a cell phone,
as she presented a box containing a note to tellers.
In the fourth robbery, she didn't carry a box,
but displayed a handgun and had the teller a note.
What's in the box?
Court records detailed one of the notes, which was taped to an empty box.
On October 22th of end of the present note, that said,
you've got 40 seconds to put all your money in the box,
don't make any sudden moves.
The robber then asked the teller to put all $150 bills in the box,
saying, I need you to empty all the drawers, you have three.
Growing impatient, the robber protested, you're taking too long, you've got 40 seconds.
And now you've got about 30,000.
30,000, see 35 bucks from cash from Martinez,
Chancellor Virginia Department.
I wonder if there was any Chancellor Lacey there, but there was.
As well as a cellular phone box, a high school year, a book at computer,
some Louis Vuitton persons, and a digital camera.
Yep, there you go, be messing with us, man.
You've got to slam your ass in the slamer for a long, long time.
This is really amusing to me,
because then I have a story, I'm not that long ago,
a couple of months ago, from the National Inquire,
it said, Dick Clark was like a vegetable.
We were dancing a Kazzaski to a resource site.
I'd like to show, I know it's about the Kazzaski.
Not really.
I don't think you're even Jewish.
I mean, shyly be, you can't get a more Jewish name next to,
maybe Abraham Solomon, my grandfather, but nevertheless.
And by the way, since we're seeing all these things on TV now about Jesus,
and they're all pandering to the religion of the American,
when we're going to get a show about Abraham,
when we're going to get a show about Solomon.
All right.
And then I'd like to know when we're going to get a show about Abraham Solomon.
Okay, my grandpa, that's Solomon, he was a pimp.
Yeah, there you go.
And when we're going to get a show about Holy Moses,
oh, you know, they had that movie,
whatever happened to Moses.
I'm sorry.
Mariah Carey, no, seriously, you never know what a Kazzaski.
How about the horror?
The horror, of course.
Well, Kazzaski is just another Jewish dance, man.
You better get with the dance people, huh?
Don't know yet, you better start to do the dance.
I'm going to do it at night.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Wait a minute, do it, do it, do it, do it.
You should be doing that by now.
Isn't that the way they do it?
Let me hear horror?
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Like that's where they came from.
I think I just saw the mystery.
Who does Mo?
What?
Huh?
Do it, do it, do it.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do it.
I'm telling you that, that, that, that, that.
Okay, you think I'm making it up.
You'll see.
Mariah Carey, that's really scary.
She's got one gigantic breast in Middle of her chest.
Mariah Carey will perform live from Times Square on ABC's Dick Clark New Year's Rock
and Eve.
It'll mark the first time in the fort at 34-year history of the year in special that a
singer is performed from Times Square.
Carey will join co-host Dick Clark and Ryan Sequest as the final, as the final meds of 2005
are counted down and the fame ball drop begins.
The 76-year-old Clark, long a knee-ears-y tradition, who've been making his first TV appearance
in Suffering of Stroke last December.
Actually, there were two strokes.
The second one was very severe, but think he'd be lying about this.
You know, he's fine.
Okay?
Hillary Deffel-Hausdor.
Hillary Duff will host a West Coast portion of the show, including artist, the bangles,
Chris Brown, Sean Paul, the pussycat dolls, Sugar Land, three doors down and three eleven.
Deffel also performed.
Well, maybe that's why he's been doing all that, uh, ju-fair, all that, uh, in the bars,
the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, karaoke.
karaoke.
Right?
Kind of scary that karaoke.
The mouth-mice is.
He's going to perform.
Sure, Opus Todas, he'll be up by then.
This is Neil Roger.
This is five sixteen two eight.
This is five sixteen two eight.
The fourth greener radio is what the new boy, U.A.
Hey, you look different.
What you do?
I am the one in the change of color.
You've got a hair color.
No, I didn't change my hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
You've got a hair color.
All has the green.
The first of its kind.
And my team of physicians say,
I'm gonna be fine.
I'm gonna wake up
with a new set of lips and eyes.
And I'll be better this year.
I'll be right here.
My features will change.
But I'll be the same race.
When doctors baby's giving me
my brand new friends.
It's gonna be like a wall with every day of the year.
When I get my new bed.
I've got a brand new bed.
Look at my brand new.
I knew you looked different.
Okay, 133.
And of course, then I tell you we find out about fruit cake.
And I googled it.
Oh, good.
I've got a whole article here about fruit cake.
And of course, what better show than to have it on here?
It's not even a stale fruit cake like a new fresh one.
Still don't want it.
It says,
somewhere in the recent past,
society took a turn in a longstanding
how they traditionally transformed into a joke.
How do you like that?
So complete was this societal change
that those during the speak up for
or to defend fruit cake were virtually stoned by an angry mob.
Good fruit cake lovers were outcast rejected and ridiculed
by popular culture.
So vitriolic was the anti-fruit cake feeling that those
of the different views were forth to quietly seek out others
who liked them.
Still appreciated the fruit cake.
So in the outcast began to fight each other.
And so the fruit cake subculture was formed.
It may surprise you just how many people number themselves
among the fruit cake underground.
Oh, I know a lot of fruit cakes.
Just tell a fruit cake joke through a group of people
and carefully watch the reactions.
Oh, yes, they'll be likely more than one or more people
in the group laughing nervously trying to blend in
without making a scene.
Wonder if anyone will overcome the rescue
or be the famed fruit cake.
Other evidence says the amount of the fruit cake out there
in the world that it is spreading.
Right now, someone somewhere,
or maybe even someone you know,
is enjoying a dense, moist piece of fruit
and not laden's spirit wrench cake behind closed doors
and probably feeling a little guilty about it.
And so as I can tell you after extensive research
that the movement is about to come out of the basement,
not the closet, but the basement.
Fruit cakes about to become the next great thing
in the world of special occasion food items,
and it goes on in audio-audio.
Here's the recipe, basic fruit cake.
You ready?
Okay.
Third, a cup chopped dried cherries.
Two thirds of cup dried cranberries.
Well, that's what we like all of that.
Two thirds of a cup of currants.
I like currants.
And so far, there's nothing green already.
I think the fruit cake we're getting has got
some green weenian or some.
There's some, maybe it's a little bit.
Two tablespoons of half a cup plus two tablespoons of light rum,
all-purpose flour, baking powder, salt, ground cinnamon,
eight tablespoons of butter,
melts like butter, brown sugar, eggs, milk,
unsolvered molasses, and the chocolate chips or chopped pecans.
Was that pecans?
Whatever you prefer.
How do you like that?
There's nothing green in there.
So we're getting airsots.
We're getting maple leaf fruit cake.
Hmm.
Because I know what you're talking about.
I'm like, you know, a little green thing in there.
Like, they're like gelatinous green.
That's right.
You know what's like?
It's like those green candies, those,
the different color, what do you call fruit gum candies?
Right.
It's gummy candy.
Gummy candies.
They've got those here.
Gummy's is a Canadian candy, eh?
Want some gummies, eh?
Alright.
Yummy yummy.
Let's get some gummies.
And go leaf scoy.
They want to give me a little bit.
How about that?
It's a miracle.
369 hosts on the pool.
The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 99.
99.
The P word 51.
A loser 34.
A feminine 33, coward 32, a dumb 17.
As in, like that.
A phony 13, liar 13.
How about a dumb phony liar?
Fat 12, went 12, whipped 9.
A whole 7.
Ugly 7.
A wannabe 6.
Pretty 6.
How about a pretty wannabe?
My bitch 5.
Beautiful 4.
Crook 4.
Squally 3.
Fruitcake 2 and cheap none.
I guess they don't mind.
I guess that's an excuse for me and cheap.
You don't want to say?
What do you say?
Well, if you don't mind being called cheap, then they used to go ahead and be cheap.
I don't care.
Come in whatever you want.
I'm cheap.
I got no money, man.
That's a good excuse.
But you know, when they open a wall and the moss do fly out.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
You don't want to begin to imagine?
Here's line 9, one of our very favorites, QAM Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Tally.
Hey, I heard you talking about the blob the other day.
Is he still around?
He didn't croak yet, dude.
He didn't croak yet.
No, he's working on it.
He's been off the air for six years.
He's, he's illin'.
He's illin'.
Speaking of him, his name was in a newspaper article while back there.
Your name was off the win.
And they were talking about satellite radio.
Yeah.
Probably the last bunch joining up with Howard Stern on the...
Yeah, I saw that thing, yeah.
And how come they don't hire Bob?
Bob is not ready to go to work.
He's not going to be going where.
He's in bad shape.
What about you going over there?
Well, we had a discussion about that.
And the fact of the matter is, but it would be, but it will be.
And I'm still here, you know what I'm saying?
But normally, they talk about it.
They talk about it again.
They don't want to pay anybody any money.
I think you've powered all the money and the rest of it is just all window dressing.
Yeah, what is he making?
$100 million a year.
And now they can...
$500 million.
$500 million.
$1 billion, okay?
To go on a year and talk about boobies.
Yeah, what's he going to do with that damn thing?
Probably even Robert's not going to get anything, you know what?
No, I should get something.
I can't say it.
Okay, good luck to you, Paul.
They say hi to all your friends in the West Coast.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, pound, 5, 60.
Now, what was that about that utterly ridiculous thing?
The uterus?
Yeah, what about it?
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
I just want to let you know that for the fruit cakes, those green chunks are probably green-died
maraschino cherries because they come either dyed red or green.
You are absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
You're right.
Now that I think of it, they are.
But much blotch and have big anything else.
Thanks.
I would have died.
A cherry green.
You ever seen green cherries?
No comment.
No, no, seriously.
There are green cherries.
They die them.
And you ever see the little elf that does it at Christmas time?
I don't know.
I get that would have told you that's what it says.
If they were dyed.
They die, die, ain't no.
Oh, I bet you're in the Seattle West there with all that juice stuff, die, die, ain't no.
And of course, Shia is looking up.
What's that mean?
That's from Paisa.
Yes, see, wrong holiday, man.
It's from Paisa.
Right.
Let's get some of them.
Paisa, Dickie, candies.
Oh, this crap, man.
When is the world going to grow up?
It's too late.
And like I said, do the best you can.
Live a rich world.
I do the best you can.
You can't get laid out whatever you like.
And that's it.
Plenty of guts out of woodbind at the Pompato with the wherever you want.
And have a good time.
That's it.
It's all I can tell you.
Because all this gnashing of teeth and moaning, you know, what are we going to do?
And we've got to have an election and fire right there.
All of us have crooks.
Don't you understand?
There are a bunch of crooks and whims.
A bunch of cowards.
Maybe like 10 people in the whole country.
We've got any balls.
We thought Barack Obama was going to be the new shining star.
And he like wimped out on that cable TV.
So, oh, yeah, we got to protect everybody against themselves.
Against those words, you know.
All those people in Iraq that are dying every day.
It's not bullets that are doing.
It's not bombs that are doing it.
They're dying from words over there.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Let's get down to business.
We know how it is.
With the holidays, these are the punks.
You can get the idea of this sighted to do step out of caretaker.
You can spread the legs of joy surrounding you.
It's a kid who comes to beat sense here.
Comes to beat sense here.
Comes to beat sense here.
Some funnoda is now.
My mummy would not hold their pride in to my mouth.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
Can you go round?
That's how the good boys are getting high on a high holy day.
They are better stay home.
Do you drink hot water in your mouth?
I don't drink it.
I drink regret chewing.
I drink dried.
Good G grade bounce.
Say, do high boys.
I shut up and dally.
 usual place.
You are not supposed to obey our intention to do it.
It's a 147.
This is shocking what they just sent to me.
This is like a soap opera going on.
I would help blob-o-lanceter.
Is that derel?
It's a derel?
I just came in and you may have already had this.
Worth a look.
I haven't seen it.
Actually, blob-o-lanceter is not mixing me by name.
So I think I inspired him or maybe who knows.
Should I read it?
Sure.
Since we had the soap opera going on.
The lanceter posted it on his blog.
It would have been about 81, maybe 82 when I first heard near Rogers.
I was absolutely blown away.
I never heard anything like it.
The guy was smart, funny and compelling.
He talked about things that were important to me.
And then he said so much to that.
He said so much better than I could.
I was hooked.
Rare was the night I wasn't glued to the radio hanging on his every word.
I was working at WKQ.
S at the time, kiss.
I was Bobby Clifford.
The afternoon drive country jok.
I never knew that.
But I dreamed of being a talk show host.
It was an impossible dream.
Impossible because no matter how hard I tried, no one took me seriously.
Skip, I had a couple of years.
My life had been turned upside down.
Divorced no longer Bobby Clifford.
And through a bizarre set of circumstances.
I found myself almost living my dream.
If working at a pig of a station on weekend, my scouts.
WGBS in mind was the third of three talk stations in the market.
And out of desperation, hired me to do work at a time spot that nobody listened to.
But as fate would have it, the man I idolized heard me and thought that maybe just maybe I had something to offer.
One night after his regular shift, Neil sat in with the overnight guy Bill Calder.
And at some point, a car asked Neil, who among the couple of dozen people that talk shows in Miami, he'd like to have dinner with.
I just had to be listening when he said, Bob Lasseter.
I couldn't believe my ears.
Not only did he know I existed, but he said that he thought I was worth sitting down with.
It was the golden age of talking Miami.
There were a slew of really good people on the air.
But here was the best of the best list uttering my name.
Oh, there's that uttering, you can see.
All the uttering my name, uterusing my name.
I was floored.
But it got better over the coming months.
Neil waged an on-ear campaign urging his station W.I.N.Z.
to hire me.
Holy Schmidt.
To make a long story short, they eventually did.
Well, I tell you, this is shocking that he finally, I mean, look, I don't need any credit for anything.
But it's just the idea that, you know, everybody wants to paint me as this evil ador.
Well, we haven't got to the end of this yet, though.
I eventually got to meet and work with my radio god.
I continued to work weekend evenings, but several nights a week I'd go to the station,
sitting in the control room just watching and work learning from,
studying at the feet of the man I considered to be the master.
That they came when I finally got the chance to work full-time, but the job was in Tampa.
So I took all that I had learned, in particular, the ability to speak from the god and the monologue, and set off on my own.
I became the near-roarges of Tampa, a radio god.
I've said it before, and don't hesitate and say good-now.
I owe my success to Neil.
He stuck his neck out for me, and allowed me to learn from him.
But this almost brings me to tears, almost.
Is this amazing or what?
It's amazing.
Well, it's certainly a turnaround from yesterday when he was hostile with me.
I mean, like, what was that all about?
Now, what's the date on this?
It was December 18th.
It was December 18th.
My good fortune in Tampa brought the opportunity to go to Chicago,
but then turned into a two-and-a-half-year nightmare,
and this is where things between Neil and I turned dicey.
By then, Neil had moved to WIOD and Miami.
The station was owned by Cox Broadcasting, which also won the WIAT in Tampa.
Cox decided to samlocast I would ease line-up on as you win.
I would be kicked assed in Miami, but the samlocast just wasn't working in Tampa.
So Neil suggested that Cox harm you to do mornings that as you win,
thinking I could help the rest of the day in Tampa.
First and foremost, I ain't no morning man, but I did okay.
The problem is that I wasn't able to transfer my audience to the other day parts,
in particular the show that followed my Neil's time slot.
Anyone who ever listened to Neil knows that a major part of his act is to back another show
as it's his trademark.
Being a student, I also adopted the technique.
The problem is that no one in Miami ever really gave Neil any smit on the earned return.
Neil would say the most god-awful things about his colleagues and almost never had anyone retaliate.
That isn't till I came along.
At the first sniffing was at first the sniffing was relatively low level,
but slowly intensified, it was pissing me off and I was getting to him and he had taught me well.
It culminated during an on-air campaign you'll conduct it every year for a Miami area homeless shoulder
that year he was starting a vested Neil CD and sales were lagging behind previous years.
While the CD was not being sold in Tampa and my show was not cured in Miami,
Neil blamed me for not pushing it on my show that infuriated me, it was absurd.
He'd rag on me during his show and I returned the favor on mine.
It just escalated and escalated until I blurted out something that hurt and embarrassed him,
hurt and embarrassed my mentor and idol, whatever that is.
It would also serve no purpose to repeat it here,
we're probably the only two people remember it anyway,
but things between us have never been the same.
Do I regret it?
Would I take it back if I could?
Of course I would.
It was the only, it was only stick, nothing personal.
See, you're taking this very personal.
But it caused a rift at last of this day.
So now I have a new reader here on the blog, the man whom I owed my success to,
the man who I admired idolized, the man who I had a very public falling out with,
for whatever it's worth, thank you to you, I'm truly sorry,
that things turned out as they did.
I am.
Hi, you're like, huh?
I'm choked up.
Are you gagging on?
I got pretty nice.
That's pretty nice.
I'm like, I got like a tear in my eye.
Then I ever say anything evil about him, I said he was boring.
I mean, I mean, coma inducing on him.
Oh, remember, you were retaliating over the...
I don't remember that thing.
I don't remember the effort of anything.
He probably must have made a bigger deal out of that than I do.
I don't remember anything other than just regular Neil Rogers brand,
fun that you were having with him.
I don't think I remember that.
He wasn't just ragging on me at us.
He was like, he extended everybody else, Randy and Rick and so on.
Whatever, but that's not important.
I didn't sound like Stick, maybe we're just slow coming from his end.
It didn't sound like anything to me.
But he was the Neil Rogers of Tampa, which isn't, you know,
you know, he did go to W. Wallace in Chicago, which haven't only didn't work out.
I never worked in Chicago.
I never worked on a 50,000-month legendary station in Chicago,
like he did, so there you go.
So what do you...
I guess I have to absorb that now, while I'm sitting there with a good machine,
or else afternoon, I have to think about that.
But that was pretty decent, you know?
That's pretty nice.
That's lighty white. We should call him up.
What do you mean we should call him up?
How do we gonna get his phone number?
I'm sure he'll, I don't know.
Yeah, but he's gonna be dead.
No, I don't see...
There you go. Try to make something good,
a right away he's gonna be dead, so...
Is he gonna buy his own admission?
You are the uterus of the universe,
the 40 books,
the meal rusher,
the cousin,
your e-band,
your e-band.
You man.
You pay...
You pay...
I've been drinking,
I've been driving so long,
I can't see why he's strong,
and he totally slams
by the time I get to feel his.
But the cop didn't see my point,
so I need him in the front,
what a ten-year long.
Forget the wishes, all I meant,
I just need to say a bondman,
to get me outta here,
so I can have more,
he can run,
like a real stone cowboy,
get the liquor up,
and doing that 103,
like a real stone cowboy,
get the nymphs' equations,
with people I don't even see,
till they put their handcuffs on me.
Like a real stone cowboy,
your friend,
till the booze is the only thing
that's gentle along my mind.
Like a real stone cowboy,
getting hold in your court,
we're driving while I'm blind.
Like a real stone cowboy,
getting all liquor up,
and doing that 103,
like a real stone cowboy,
bye bye bye!
