I
Is a maniac
I hate this song absolutely I agree they play that song at the often games all the time
That's another reason that's a going yes and those silly cheerleaders are all those who are not dolphins man
They're on the way oh yeah, I had a guy called earlier today
He's expecting to see the dolphins and Denver in the playoffs. Oh, yeah against each other
Again right no question about it. By the way what happened that Kansas. He Denver game last night
I've been watching Kansas Denver just crushed them
Did you ever crush Kansas City? Yeah, they Denver looked like a different team from the one you see
Boy when I said parody man the league is just mostly just bottom feeders this trash
You know I was saying that maybe Ronnie Brown's game against Denver wasn't so bad because he didn't run very well against him
Nobody's run well against them. They're run defenses very good. Yeah, but they suck Jake plumbers a joke
But never last night I'm glad I didn't watch that he wasn't last night. I'm sure you didn't have to watch much of that game last night
It was over in the first quarter. It was tomorrow. And he made the last night. I didn't miss any Marlon runs
I guess then miss AJ Bernadkin sent home didn't miss Jack McKee and say I'm all finished. I'm done Jack was on with us today
Yeah, what do you say is he gone?
Says he likes managing oh and what the last thing he said to me
I said it was good avenue with us this year Jack. I enjoy talking baseball with you which I do and Jack said
Hopefully we can do it again next year. Well, I'll be damned but I don't know he hasn't decided yet
He said he still might change his mind, but they might make their minds up his mind up for him
You know he only turns 95 next year. He's just like PC Stangle us bring chicken well
He wants to be this the second oldest guy ever to manage if you manage really one more year you can do that
I'll be damned well if he doesn't do it you and I can go in the managing
In the world enough a movie if it comes on your TV do not watch it under any circumstances
There was only a couple weeks ago
I got sucked into watching because it said it had four stars. Yeah, Garden State piece of crap
Oh, I hear that's awful and last night I watched the movie had three stars on the bottom thing and I
Cutter from the beginning unfortunately. It was the worst most depressing piece of turret
I've ever seen called the anniversary party
You know garden state is about where I grew up
It's it they filmed it in this in the town where I grew up. It's here in Hill. I thought garden
No, that's garden state racetrack right
Well, that's all I know
I know what you're laughing about I've been there mister. I've been there too. Yeah, I went there when I was in high school
Used to go opening day. Yeah, I'm talking about for a harness racing
They built it they built it with the idea of putting casinos in there because they thought that they were gonna get to permit
The book casinos outside of the land of city and so the interior was just really glitzy and beautiful and never materialized
Of course, they went out of business. Yeah, Sanito now, but garden state
I think it was filmed in the north Jersey where I the area where I grew up and
Every year. Yeah, so people have told me you got to go see it. It's about your hometown
North Jersey considered like a T-neck or tenor fly around there at the yeah, my roommate from college was from tenor fly
I know what it is a horrible place. I would been South Orange. Oh
Anyway, Jennifer Jason Lee Allen coming and a bunch of other big names actually Jane Adams John C. Riley Parker Posey
Yeah, they're all in this movie anniversary party. Do not watch it. It's highly touted a lot of stars
I'm reading the reviews online. I wonder if these people are taking the same ecstasy that the people in the movie were taking or
Some other kind of drug because it was just putrid just putrid and by the way anybody out there if it comes on your cable
The dog comes back home at the end it goes inside. Okay, that's it. Yeah
That's the end. Yeah, that tells me everything I need to know about that movie the dog comes over the end dog is
The word for that movie just a piece of crap on the guy the husband
His gets a call from dad and his sister that he wasn't returning her phone calls committed suicide and he's upset
That's it. Okay, and they're all stoned off the race on ecstasy and they're all like trying to drown in the pool and it's just
Man so bad. They're no words to describe it and it's highly touted
Highly touted. I just don't get it. So Denver beat the crap out of Kansas City
Well Kansas City must be really suspect them. Yeah, they look bad last night. They're quarterback was bad
They couldn't run them. Yeah, horrible. He looks good to me
And they couldn't throw the ball they couldn't run a ball rather they were just bad
You can answer my you can pull one on our pool today my pool question is sports oriented
Okay, never did this one before we did who's your all-time favorite South Florida athlete?
But this is just in general generic who's your all-time favorite athlete?
Now let me give you what we got so far. Okay, out of the first two and ten boats Danny Boyd and Marine or 67
Which makes sense in South Florida? I hate sports 65. That's our hostile people out there Mickey Madeline 18
Willie Mays 13 Babe Ruth 10 Bobby or 10 Wayne Gretzky six
Shack five say it again. Oh Bob Greasy five Mary, a little me four Tiger Woods three
And I put him on there even though I don't consider golf to be a sport but never it's a game Tom Brady three and Johnny Barra one
I was my vote my favorite athlete is Pat Bounds, Wella
That's bad well, at least you didn't say Gary Bean anyway. You know what's interesting?
Give me a real name. Yeah, you know what you know something
It was it as soon as you said it the first two names
Place in front of me one was magic Johnson. I always enjoyed watching him play basketball all right
And the other name was Manel and that was who I like growing up. Yeah, you know, I did too
Manel was my favorite ball player now my favorite player was Hank Bauer same team but yeah number nine
Oh Hank Bauer was great. Yep the general. He was a hard-nosed
Clutch real-clutch guy. Yeah, he was great and tremendous fielder. Yeah, he had a great arm. Oh phenomenal
He was a guy who was remember they had the brawl at the Copic Abana
Yeah, and Bauer was was there and of all the guys were involved in that bill
There was Billy Martin man all a couple other people of all the guys
I wouldn't want to tangle with Bauer would be the guy. Yeah, he was marine. Yep
Real hard-nosed tough ass guy, but but that Adam's died. I like that Adam's actually I hate to say about it really didn't care for him
Would you believe that was that was the one for would you believe?
Yeah, I didn't like that show. I didn't know that Mel Brooks wrote that show. Did he really that was in the orbit today
That's what convinced him to play the role that Mel Brooks is still alive, and he yes
Yeah, and his wife and his name and bankrock. Yeah, she died and bankrock died. Yeah, no a few months ago
Did she really yeah, so many people died? I can't keep track anymore and bankrock died
Yes, who not only started but also wrote the screenplay for Fatso. Did you see Fatso? Yeah, sure what a great movie was classic
Fantastic
In fact, we had the guy what what was the guy's name George?
They don't tell you lot a lot of the other guy richy carol
Was his name Richie Karen Richie Karen. He called on the show one time where somebody had him calling
Yeah, that was a classic. Yeah, but Mel Brooks but Mel Brooks created get smart with somebody else who was a very famous comedian
Yeah, I don't remember who that was well
We'll find out who'd be composting me like that soupy sales exactly
Well, that's about it
Don't go to New Orleans by the way the air is unfit to breathe and the water is unfit to drink and the all kinds of stuff going on
Okay, I'm going to York Thursday sounds like there's not much better there. Why's that the air is not fit to breathe and the water is not
Drink oh, well, we know that they're the seriously
I said that's a George before the show this morning that there are a lot of people in New York
Gonna wind up dying from infecima and other
Bronky old diseases because in I love them, but nobody wants to talk about that just you know keep it quiet because it's a lot of lawsuits
It's becoming okay now you doing the show from other fan. No, I'm doing a show from a place that's not too far from Belmont because that's where I have to be
Friday makes sense
Probably have a runner to take the best
You don't have to do that I could make the best myself and watch it on TVG
There you go, but no, I there's a guy up there who has a studio in his house right in your garden city
I'll be now what a concept having a studio right in your house
Exactly and so I always go there and then Monday I'll be doing a show from Charlotte from a station and then
Tuesday I'm not gonna work
What does that mean it's a Jewish New Year?
You know I would like to show it is Tuesday. Yeah. I don't have next week's schedule here
So I don't know from that and young Kipper is the following Thursday
I'm gonna become very Jewish this year. I think I'm gonna start taking the Jew holidays off. Why not sure what you think I
Would why not yeah, I'll sue their ass for religious discrimination if they said mess them with me
Hey, I work on promise, huh? I always work on Christmas
I'll make up for what those days. I work on the a goi show holidays. That's a way to do it
Yeah, they have far fewer than we have you know a KET speaking of our conversation yesterday about Siddler Levin
It was really very amusing because every Jewish holiday
In fact, what the heck was the receptionist Levere was that her name was the black receptionist girl there very nice
Young lady and everybody including her became Jewish on the Jewish holidays the place was a ghost town
Yeah, only those of us on the year working nobody else there
Well, I have this game the cover Monday night in Charlotte
Then I'm gonna fly back through the day. Well, that's depressing about the Denver beat in the crap out of Kansas City
That means that the whole league is just garbage
Which is good news for me because it means the Patriots of public anyway, although without Rodney Harrison
I see he's out for the season that I think that's important. That's really important. That's crucial man
He's great. Yeah, he was great career threatening. They said this injury. Yeah, it's not good not good
Well, we want to give everybody else a fighting chance. Yeah, now everybody thinks it's off and it's a waltz in because everybody's getting hurt
I was just with that just have a quarterbacks that Rothas burger said that Tom Brady is by far the best quarterback in the league
Not just the best quarterback, but he says by far the best I had a question this morning asking me if Brady
If his career ended today, would he be in a whole of fame and I say yes, I would agree
I mean sayers played five years and went in the whole thing
Mm-hmm, but this guy how many Super Bowl that he would or how many championships did he win?
He didn't no, but in this case, you know, you look at Brady
Not just
The Denver we know it's all about the championships. I mean Danny this winning how many did he win? Oh, that's right Henry
But he broke all the records. Well, yeah, I understand that but no, I'm not doubting he belongs in there
But I'm just saying when you win three. Yeah, it's like I'm doing it
Nobody wants another Joe on that note
Did you say nobody wants another mo?
There you go again
Starting up with a moe my sir. I get all agree
Well, the OJ on provocateur
Okay, have a great day and don't lose too much. Yeah, you to see it around
Oh
Oh
Michael
That's my bad and already put that on there when I put on magic and magic John's and of course Bobby wants you're all the other
Basketball grades Dolph Shays Bob Pettit
Anyway, it's 10 13 already 10 13 I mean we gotta do a great point
It was a long crossover with a Humper there, but we had a reminiscent about Don as Johnson. What's his name? Donner?
I can't believe that band craft died nobody told me did we talk about that? Yeah, oh my god
The order you get the harder it is to keep track of all the dead people
I know that's a lot of you come to next one. It's hard to keep track
That it's easy at that point and
Bankraft died holy moly I got a man on your best known for saying you wait the only oh my god
Now let's see. There's a movie that charged it and see fancy. No, I didn't know you think he'd enjoy that
I don't I don't know I love food. Yeah, you I think you'd like it
I don't know you buy it though wait for it to come on cable and tell him to watch it for free
Oh wait wait for it to come on you've got our cable for years. I'm not gonna buy him no more movies
He's just you know
In fact, I'm gonna get the anniversary party probably like that
I'm trying I'm gonna save you folks two and a half hours of the worst wasted time of your life
You have a better time just picking your nose and lint here out of your toes or something
I'm serious the worst piece of garbage the anniversary party three stars my ass. Oh
God and Jane Adams who I thought was very very funny in happiness and she played basically the same kind of character here
I wish you was married to the guy to play the loser cop and
What you call it I know yeah, right, but she was very funny for like about half an hour
And then it's it it was also morbid and depressing and just oh man if you're in a really sour mode
And you want to like get suicidal on a kid yourself
Be sure and watch the anniversary party and here in team to put you over the eight. I don't need to see
Those all comes back in the end by the way
He's gonna go to the house the movies or 1015 at 560 WQM
How
The season premiere is here it's about time with his lowest approval rating ever George Bush stars in
The biggest loser
Easy to understand
But I am sometimes I'm mangled in with sling
President Bush is overall approval rating it now stands at just 42 percent the lowest it's ever been George Bush in the biggest loser
And you are one foot medical loser of children and our grandchildren are grown from body parts
Amen 20 after 10 we got 274 votes on a pool the what's your who's your favorite all-time athlete Dan marino 89
I hate sports 76
How would you voted? No, I voted I didn't there was somebody had already voted by the time I did
But see that's not exactly accurate because I don't hate it. I just don't care. Oh, you hated
No, it's like who's your favorite Fred chef who is your favorite French chef? I don't care. How about what's her name?
She's dead. What's her name? Oh come on the old bag Julia child. Okay. No, she wasn't a French
Mickey Mantle 26 when he made 14 baby roof 13 Bobby or 13 shocking a hockey guy
And I would agree although my favorite is Johnny Bauer a Wayne Greskey 10 needle nose Bob greasy six Tom Brady six go Tommy
Michael Jordan 5 Shaq 5 who was that?
Tiger Woods 5 Mary, let me you thought for magic Thompson one and Johnny bars got my vote and nobody else
I'm sure but who cares it was great the biggest problem with South Florida. That was our point yesterday
1957 votes. How do you like that?
Mm-hmm. What you impressed? Okay, the Cubans 454 the Cubans
Biggest problem in South Florida. Of course those are the ones who don't listen to this show. Yeah, too much hate
334 the drivers now. What did you tell me about the guy from Radio S. Seoul?
He was in the other something recap. Yeah, he was here yesterday morning with DJ lies talking about his campaign
That he's gonna be running for mayor and then he was on the news. I see so he's actually speaking in English. Oh, yeah
I got a note since you met him. I met him when they brought that poster in remember
They brought a big
River of paper wasn't a poster would say a
giant portrait. Yeah, and they huge
He's a monster. Nick. Yeah, he's got my vote. I'm gonna support a man
I'm off for a whatever's name is Enrique anybody named Enrique is okay as long as he doesn't have that big mold
Gotta be that much hate in South Florida. That's the biggest problem 234 said that the drivers two eleven
They suck heat and humidity 196 the politicians 152 can you say crook New Yorkers 144 hurricanes in tournators
125 those hurricanes they suck too many old farts only 101 boy that number should have been much
Much higher than that median ages death plus 80 too many Bible from for 64 nothing wrong. It's paradise 56 only 2.8 percent
That's pretty weak not the convincing journey got 39
Journey glorious step on 26 the near Roger show got 20 too many red next 18 in French Canadians
Solamente D.A.C. C.F.A.
Is that right right right? I forget at what point yeah, obviously you're safe with 17
No different languages they start in the teens changing the young Sam right or say keen say the ACC
ACC at the associates of that anyway very close front can even so lamented a 17 so anyway the big news of course don't Adam's is dead
You believe I see how sad that I didn't watch the show I hated that show so I don't know that line
Would you believe I didn't watch that show?
just to buy it that's fine
I didn't I just he leaves me a limp. I just didn't think he was funny
I didn't think the show was funny. You're not supposed to say that the guy just died. He was great
Don Adams the right voice committee who started the fumbling secret agent Maxwell smart in the 60s TV spoof of James Bond movies get smart
Is died he was 82 he died of a long infection late Sunday at Cedar Sinai Medical Center
His friend and former agent Bruce two-fells said yesterday
Adding that the actor broke a sip of your going has been in L. Hill health ever since a lot of
Celebrities they fall down like Bing crossby fell through a stage or something
I never came back which is fine with me
But as the in-f agent 86 of the super secret federal agency control Adams kept your TV viewers with his
Antics and combat in the evil agents of chaos when his explanation is failed to convince the villains or his boss
He tried another tech would you believe is what he said?
Of course it became a national catchphrase. I guess I missed that
Yeah smart was also prone to spilling things on the desk or
Person of his boss the chief actor inward plant. I wonder if he was kind of Robin Platt the Canadian jockey smarts apologetic
Sorry about that chief also went to the American lexicon the spy gadgets which ate those of the bond movies were popular feature
Especially the pre-cell phone to the pre-cell phone telephone in the shoe
smarts beautiful partner agent 99 played by Barbara Felden was his brain
He was dense and a plot romance led the marriage in the birth of twins later in the series
He had this prodigious energy so as an actor working with him was like being plugged in when electric current fell
Incephal New York he would start and a scene would just take off and you were there for the ride
Adams was very intelligent
He said according to the suit of the satiric show that had comedy geniuses Mel Brooks and Buck Henry behind it
He wrote poetry and interest in history
He had the other side of that doesn't come through next well smart done in person with anything but bumbleings
Adams had an amazing memory that allowed him to take an unusual approach to filming she said instead of learning his lines ahead of time
He would have a script assistant read his part to him just once or twice
He invariably got a right but didn't stop people from placing bets on it
How do you like that get smart twice from on the Emmy for best comedy series and
Three Emmy for Adams's comedy actor. How do you like that?
CBS picked up the show but the ratings fell off as the Jo seem repetitive. Oh no kidding no Schmidt the show that's done in syndication
In a cartoon series in 95 the Fox Network revived the series with smartest chief and 99 as a congresswoman
Elected seven episodes
Adams never had another showcase to display his comic talent
And words to think about let's see who was born Donald James Yummy in New York April 19th 1923
The actress father was a Hungarian Jew who ran a few small restaurants in the Bronx in
41 he dropped out of school to join the Marines to became a drill instructor
Requiring the clip delivery that's during the Welles of comedian. Where's the thing about his uh, I don't get it get what about the cartoons about
I thought that was in this story
Are you heard
Horrible for a kid oh
Although they made a booty out of it
After the war he worked in New York as a commercial artist by day doing stand-up comedy and clubs at night
Taking the surname of his first wife Adelaide Adams his following gruesome who is appearing on the edge Sullivan and late night TV shows
Build Dana who would help them develop comedy routines cast him as a psychic a Dana show, you know
Bill Dana Jose Jimenez see my name that led to the NBC contract and get smart
He was married in divorce three times had seven children and served as popular cartoon voice inspector
Gagget as well as the voice of Tennessee Tuxedo
In 1980 appeared his Maxwell smart and a feature from the nude bomb about a madman whose bomb destroyed people's clothing
Don Adams is that okay?
The time like flies managed going around
That like flies in a rack too, but we better not talk about that as better business
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
In celebration of black history month CBS television proudly presents
16 average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on earth
It's survivor at Compton who will survive that drive by
boating
As the two tribes
And the my baby daddies
Compeat for the immunity bling bling and not get voted off the hood
The pilot by a two and a half light man on CBS. I see somebody put very bonds on there
I can't imagine that might be Josh Cordis for the uphold today. That was me. Yeah. Well how can we even vote for him yet?
Because I can't you somebody can only vote once. Well who voted in there George didn't vote. No, nobody's building
You know what some oily boy. Oh, I somebody in the building is on our poll holy moly rat man. That's scary
321 votes on a poll who's your all-time favorite favorite favorite athlete? Okay?
Danny boy Dan marino. They love you Danny. Okay. They wish you'd come back. You know Gus Farat
105 for Danny. I hate sports 80 Mickey Mantle 29
Where's my grandma used to call it Mickey Mendel? Will he May 16 Bobby or 16 baby Ruth 15
Michael Jordan 13. He's gonna zoom up. He might actually win it Wayne Gretzky 10 shak has got seven
Hey, I had to break the eyes news to you shak, but Michael passed you like you were lean prone flat out right on a court
Bob greasy seven bohada boring guy Tom Brady seven tiger wood six merriolamu five lamia
Magic Johnson four arm. Sorry. That's a cloud lamia and merriolamu
But Johnny bars got appear somebody else voted for old Johnny and Barry bonds so far has got the big oh
But he'll get a voter too. Oh, he only used that cream. You know he smeared a little on his back
And then he got it ballooned up to like 800 pounds and starts plugging all these home runs
Right a travesty that is there ought to be an asterisk next day's name if he actually breaks the record
Which I guess eventually he will that's just a disgrace
Hank Aaron and baby Ruth weren't using like no they weren't smirring no steroid cream on there back
Don't worry anything else. If I baby Ruth, he was busy
Making a lot of beer and eat a lot of hot dogs
Before we do the anything else
EPA test is privately telling people the world lenses off the charts
So anybody out there that was planning on going down there like you know sympathy vote spend your
You know vacation money down there not a good idea. I would watch anniversary party before I go there
I'm clean. Yeah that movie is so bad. Oh
And you read some of these reviews like this one by Steven Wong man you talk about being Wong. Yeah
This guy like so are those guys three out of four stars and he must be under payroll, you know
Jennifer Jason Lee Alan coming
What's your name Jane Adams that played in happiness? She was great in happiness
And she was great in this for the first half hour
She just played the same character real four-learn real desperate real sad sack real
loser body language. It is just just a pathetic excuse for human being
But then after like it's a two and a half hour flick. It's over two hours and it just goes on and on
150 minutes so like it's almost two hours
Man if you like that movie you're easy or you're just stupid
Anyway CBS news is running this from their guys in New Orleans. What says
The teams working in St. Bernard parish, which is now in enormous toxic waste dump are waking up with sore throats
Another respiratory ailments privately the EPA testers have told them
That all the pollutants and environmental toxins are way off the scale
No one is looking to stay there very long
In other words when in doubt get the hell out
If this is true there must be an immediate stop to any plans to repopulate and an immediate full scale investigation
Into the EPA and why they're holding all this back meanwhile the associated press is that the sludge and everything else that was stirred up by the new flooding in New Orleans
Because of Rita and they have no idea if the rainy breaches at any hazardous sites just more
Reveal the slow things down says New Orleans environment watch whatever that is
So just watch don't go just watch figure to watch. There's a brownie brownie. How do you think he brown?
With all due respect I do not want to make this part of this so I can't help it to
Alabama
Mississippi or governed by republican governors in the
Louisiana's government of democratic. That's that's not an issue with me. No, there you go
CBS is important and former a FEMA director who is testifying before congress right now about his incredible ineptitude and about lying on his resumes and about being absolutely
Emotally unqualified to be director of FEMA
He is continuing to work at FEMA full pay with a September 12th resignation now taking effect for two more weeks from now
Said Homeland Security Department spokesman Russ Nakie
CBS news correspondent Gloria Borgia reports that Nakie told her that technically brown is still on at FEMA as a contractor
And he's transitioning out of his job the reason he'll remain in FEMA about a month after his resignation said the spokesman is the
Agency wants to get the proper download of his experience. Oh, yeah
During that time brown will advise the department some of his views on his experience with Katrina
In other words, he's investigating how he screwed up
You understand this kind of like what I was going to do in California, but then change his mind after you won the election in a landslide
I'm going to investigate after the election is over. I will investigate all these charges against me and of course
No, I won't
I also said yesterday should have sought faster help from the Pentagon after her came Katrina hit and accused the state and local
Officials are constant infighting during the crisis
According to congressional aides. He's testifying right now and better be put a boop put about before the past committee
Also on the other side of your screen and there's your president arriving in Bolmont, Texas who just said I forgot
Yeah, he's doing that. We don't like that thing. That thing when that speech he made yesterday when he just lost
I mean just just lost and I thought he was just going to give up and turn around and walk away
There. Yeah, that was that was scary. That was really scary. Okay. Let's get some more names for this pool
I'm sure that everybody listening except for you people that hate sports like poison you anti everything people
Is got a name for the pool favorite all-time athletes 344 so far and recently don't have 500
Because we haven't taken any calls yet to get a whole bunch of other names on there like great athletes like
Al-Kayline who and like
Gil Hodges and Gil Segal what about Gil Segal from the Camilla South
5670 560 pound 560 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines
I wonder if we're going to have jockeys on here besides P-Val like maybe Jerry Billy or Gary Bean
How about some hard drive or Rick Scorchino? How do Joe Marsh Jr.? That's right. How about Brad Kramer would be good on that random
April's now we're talking Chris Christoff a Ru WQA M hello
Hey, no, how you doing pretty good? I heard you cross over with Hank today Francis. Oh here. Yes
And I'll give you my my listing for care on the pole just a second
There was Hank was talking about Pennington real quick
This is how desperate the New York Jets are they signs Vinnie test of Ernie today. Oh my god
He's the new man because he goes out for this maybe they can sign over Joe Willie back up again too
I'm glad he can really play
My book for the pool the man I followed throughout
Being a young man won four straight family cups never get any credit Billy Smith. He's the man
Billy Smith
Thank you, bro. It's he's still with the organization by the way
He used to sit before the games right where my seats are at the immaturity there
He used to come up and you know he'd watch practice and he would sit like just a few seats at the other end of the row and
Once a while, you know hello, good by depending on what mood he was in and we're not with the Panthers anymore
To be honest with you
I don't think he's with the island is either but I know for a fact he's not with the Panthers anymore
I'll be them. Okay, Billy Smith you got it, man. Thanks, bro. See you Billy Smith get him on another hockey guy
It's amazing for a market where nobody cares about hockey. We got several hockey people under of course
I put most of one or but nevertheless getting some votes. I mean even even George knows Bobby or or who
WQ way and hello
Pretty good
You know one of my athletes I thought when I was a kid was um
while Alzeito with the Raiders right
I thought he was a crazy man. Yeah, I kind of like watching him play. Yeah, okay
Thanks
Lyle Alzeito he's gonna get a lot of votes. No, I know who that is
So we were junky dead. Yeah, he's he is dead. Yeah from steroids
Right, that's why I said classy guy. That's why I said that very classy. I guarantee he didn't smear his on his recto like very vanzo
Hey, Barry you fairy
Okay, what we're gonna hold much of names on here don't panic
We'll get like thousands of names on here because they're thousands of athletes
I'm sure somebody will probably vote for Kevin Wallace
Maybe somebody will vote for Joe pay view junior or even while I can't see but I sure doubt it
This is Neil Rogers
Donald Rainer this is
you
Holy
Makina this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
That's
Can
oh
I can't run across the shoulder, but pictures of people being helped by the man.
I got to help them last time, hopefully Rita.
The rocket may I inquire to sleep, when are you going to wreck my property?
Just in the big Q&A news department.
Oh yeah.
Do we have a news department?
Yes.
Who may have been arrested and charged with the mafia-style killing of sandwich, chain, gambling,
fleet, founder, Constantino's Gus Bullis for years ago as state law enforcement official
said today.
Anthony Ferrari was taken because it is North Miami Beach home last night, said the
official is spoke on condition of anonymity because the charges hadn't been publicly announced
yet.
For Lauderdale homicide detectives arrested Anthony Mosquitielo, 67, at his Howard Beach
home in New York late last night.
Ferrari 48 is being held at the Broward County jail.
Both men were charged with first degree murder, conspiracy to commit murder and solicitation
to commit murder.
They're going to be in court today.
We got a picture of Anthony Ferrari here.
He looks like a really scary kind of a guy.
Yeah.
A very scary guy.
Ferrari.
Bullis was ambushed after he left his office in Fort Lauderdale.
Fort Lauderdale, February 16, 2001, was shot to death after two cars stopped.
But a beam.
Bullis 51 was a Greek immigrant who made his first fortune with the Miami-Sub sandwich chain.
He later founded some Cruz Casino's gambling fleet, who say a little charges last month
against criminal Washington lobbyist Jack Abramov.
How do you like that?
It all kind of like fits together, like a Greek puzzle.
Whatever that means.
Okay, let's get a whole bunch of names on here.
Let's not daily down here today, because I want to get 75,000 votes on here.
The only way to do that is get everybody's favorite athlete on the pool.
Everybody.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, this is WQAM?
WQAM, you've got it.
That's the one.
Yeah, I just call it.
I got a name for the pool.
Okay, what's that?
Big buckets.
Big buckets.
Yeah.
Okay, you got it.
Big buckets.
I didn't like the way he said that to well, but big buckets, just so we can say it a whole
bunch of times.
Right, or like, buckets.
Now, a big bucket, what's wrong with that?
He was a hello player.
The bear is big buckets.
He is a hard-knows guy.
Goi, you said WQAM.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I think he left somebody off.
Well, that's the idea.
That's what we're talking to you guys.
Okay, how about Muhammad Ali?
Muhammad Ali?
Well, what's not to like about that?
He's no cashist clay.
He's no cashist clay is right.
Thanks a lot for that.
Okay, take care.
Muhammad Ali, we'll put some boxes on here.
For all your real old parts, how about Joe Lewis?
Let's put him on it.
I need a box.
My Tyson.
My Tyson.
My Tyson be good.
I bet you've got some people.
If somebody likes Lionel Al-Zato, I guarantee you we got people like Mike Tyson.
Iron Mike.
What do you say?
Keep it up for these guys until you are.
They're on there.
Oh, boy.
Surly.
You're that Surly because you know, you have to put a lot of names on this pool today.
You can't put Surly because of his sunburn.
Now that's flaking off of his face.
Oh, really?
What?
He ain't purred today.
Looks like he has leprosy.
Oh, well, just wait till it starts.
You can start getting them big blobs on your cheeks.
And your face too.
Back to him.
You can be smirred.
Maybe very bonds alone.
A little bit of that steroid cream.
You can be smirred on your blobs.
WBQYM.
Hello.
I'm Glamiel.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
Let me say something before I give you my choice for the pool.
Go right ahead.
Because it was something I was going to bring up to you.
How you're always saying, well, you know, we don't have so many pool wheels out there.
Who is this?
We don't.
I really think you do.
I just think you do.
Well, as you know, a lot of these ones are in the water.
No, no, seriously.
I think a lot of the pool wheels are still in the closet.
Yeah, oh, I'm sure that.
You're good.
But I really believe at least, I'm serious about this.
At least 30 to 40% of the Neorodgers audience is human pool wheels like myself.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
I'm totally calm.
Well, that's good.
We want everybody, man.
Except maybe some of those Jamaican guys, they can be dangerous.
Okay.
Let me say.
Let me get Jackie Robinson for the pool.
Jackie Robinson would be great speaking of dark, complex guys.
And in clothing, Uncle Neil?
Yes.
I never said no, no, no, no.
Okay.
How about Yogi Barra?
Because I'm thinking when he said Jackie Robinson, the first image that comes to your mind is that a world series.
I think it was 52.
I'm not positive when Jackie Robinson stole home and they always see that picture of.
I think Mr. Shrylach was the home play on par and called him safe.
Maybe not.
That was the empire.
But anyway, maybe it was the summers.
But at any rate, there's Yogi who puts on the tag and Yogi went ape smith because they call Jackie safe and he's jumping up and down.
And that was even before he met the Aflac duck.
Even George, those Yogi from the Aflac duck.
Oh, yeah.
You know Yogi Barra.
Come on.
Sure.
He's all those commercials.
5670560.
Count five 60.
We have Muhammad Ali.
Did we put him on there?
I hope you did.
Come on.
Okay.
Just remember, I can't help it.
You're sitting there in the sun and get yourself fried.
Working up a nice carcinoma or a melanoma or whatever you're working on.
It's burned.
Yeah, that's right.
Fried.
Why don't you just stick your head on that flavor wave and put the top on and see if it works real good.
Maniac.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
I have two for the poll.
Okay.
Lance Armstrong.
Lance Armstrong.
Big in the news lately, man.
I'm tired of hearing about him.
But nevertheless.
And Brian Piccolo.
Brian Piccolo.
Well, there you go.
I bet you James Conwood agree with that.
And Gil Sears.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Brian.
So even in another one George knows because he's seen a movie.
Right.
Well, 100 years ago.
Right.
I remember James Conwood.
And what's his name?
Dies.
That's about it.
That's all I remember.
What's his name?
Died.
Gil Sears.
Yeah.
560560 and Brian Piccolo.
That is.
Brian Piccolo Park used to live right next to it.
I beg your pardon?
Brian Piccolo Park.
The station will used to be right next to it.
Out there in Pembro Pines.
Piccolo Park.
Brian Piccolo Park.
What station is that?
This station used to be right next to it.
Oh, you're talking about when you had that we're in the trailer.
Well, I was in there.
I just went there one day.
And I walked out of there.
I thought it was like in New Orleans, man.
It was talking about a festering sea.
What a dump.
It had a folk.
What a dump.
It was the funky palace.
You had to see it to believe it.
That anybody would be.
And that's why when Norma brought me an ed building from my tour.
My grand tour of that building.
And I saw all the stained carpet and the stains on the walls.
Look like guys were peeing on the walls.
Like Billy Carter been there.
Something.
The carpeting was on the walls.
Oh, God.
What a toilet.
I thought to myself, this is Greg Reed, man.
He can't complain about his idea.
And then of course, come to fight out.
It's the beesleys.
What do you expect when your whole family is sitting up in a tree playing the banjo?
My God.
What a mug won't be placed.
That is a toilet.
And now of course it's palatial compared to what it was back then.
And even now it's a dump.
In fact, you were just telling me this morning that there's a real funky smell in the video stuff.
There's some died in these rooms or something.
Obviously.
Where's the beds?
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
What about Sugar Ray Leonard?
Sugar Ray Leonard's good.
How about, I didn't think that the media could get any more blatantly partisan.
Yeah.
But they did not even have one picture of the protest we can.
That is correct.
I didn't see five seconds of coverage on the protest.
Not one cease-band for it.
Right.
Isn't that pathetic?
Yeah.
I'll mention, not to mention we don't see any stories including live stories that they're set up through the satellite over there.
It could be showing us the conditions in Iraq and what's going on over the bloodshed of it.
We don't see anything about that.
You wouldn't even know that there's a war going on.
That is correct.
You didn't see the rest of the crop.
What we see now is a lot of water in New Orleans and these hearings going on.
But it's a good diversion.
Screwed a Robert.
Amen.
This is Robert.
This is a Mikey Brown.
Downtown Mickey Brown.
Brownie.
Hey, Brownie.
You did a heck of a job, Brownie.
I think about some other set of disaster planning that didn't pose these huge extraordinary risks.
And it can't be opposed that way and expect the results to come out any differently than they did.
It was just saying that the coordination effort, if it was the object of FEMA,
it would be a wrecking over the course.
Riff them an ass, okay?
Like this is really going to accomplish something, okay?
Make every a lot of people feel better but not going to change nothing.
The fact that you got a sewer over there and you had a bunch of cronies put in there
in charge of saving people's lives.
Emergency preparedness.
Safety, safety, safety.
I'd like to get a hold of that a little bitch, okay?
I'd like a steve or bag.
And I'm talking about handbag either.
Peter with it.
Yeah.
Make her sniff it.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Richard Stammer.
Oh, yeah.
He's a real athlete.
He's a real doctor.
He's a real doctor.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, he's got a couple of names I want to add.
Yes, sir.
Want me to tell you?
Come on, stay.
Well, is this Stan Worthheimer?
No.
Oh, and then that's what George was saying.
Didn't sound like Stan to me.
Go ahead.
Maybe Stan Major.
No.
Go ahead.
Paul.
We don't care what you name as Paul.
So, what is it?
What is it?
Glen Royce.
And Jim Thorpe.
And Jim Thorpe.
Jim Thorpe.
Boy, that's a, you must be older than me.
I'm only two.
No, I'm not.
I'm an immodiate.
I'm older than every Barbie.
Me too, okay.
Thanks.
But I'll play you rock it for any time.
Okay, I'll bet you will.
Okay.
Who you want?
I'll kick the crap out of you.
I'll show you a thing or two.
You a young whipper snapper.
By the way, what's a whipper?
I invented old Paul.
Okay, so this relaxes.
Jim Thorpe.
And who is the other one?
Glen Royce.
Ah, okay.
I mean, we're asking for your opinion.
I mean, we can't tell you who your favorite athlete ought to be.
I mean, this is one of those.
We're going to, oh no, that's not the right answer.
There is no right answer.
It's your opinion.
It's like saying, what's your favorite color?
Red.
Oh no, and that can't be it.
Whatever it is, it is.
Some people just have crappy taste.
Probably some people saw that movie the anniversary party.
I'm like that too, which those people need to be taken out.
Let's call Pat Robertson, put a hex on him.
Call up what's your name?
The witch on passions.
What's your name?
Witch.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hey, what's up?
Okay.
Mizzogi Simpson on your pole.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Yeah, if you look past a double murder, then the spousal of you.
He was a great player.
There you go.
What question about a man?
And that goes to, should tell us a lot about him and a lot about you too.
So we got La La, I'll say, there went OG on there.
A cool Nicole.
Right, we know that.
Yeah, you'd be, oh, we still have an open invitation to come on this show.
Anytime you want to call in, I know, Jay to admit it.
That's the only circumstances we'll have.
You can go right there in the studio.
We had a nice machete there that George and Sheryl alone, yeah?
Right.
It's not sharpened, but I can fix that.
Yeah.
Does ours to plan?
And having specifically chosen New Orleans because of the potential for California.
Oh, how about why are they going through this dog and pony show?
Like you guys said before, we got all this really important stuff
that the public needs to be seen.
And instead, they fill up all this airtime with his garbage as if we don't already know.
This is strictly a hack.
This is a guy that was absolutely 500% unqualified.
Didn't know his ass for my elbow.
Didn't know as of Thursday afternoon that the day before there were thousands of desperate
starving people and dying people at the convention center.
He didn't know not an okay, because he's bunked, but he's with the president.
They just like all these other losers.
We have to have all these hearings.
And by the beat, but it will, but about wasting your tax dollars nicely, by the way.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your buddy, Bobo.
Any questions?
Come on, everybody.
I've seen a red flag in game.
I bet you I can play the plane.
For the nephew Hurricane.
President Bush.
First bullet in the woods.
An antithenical push.
Feind fire in the woods.
Back boots.
Everybody play the plane.
Maybe naked, go baking.
An antithenical fake.
Feind fire in the making.
Making.
A plane game.
Who's your all-time favorite athlete?
That's our pull for today.
We're going to get a zillion people on here today.
That's good.
We got 430 votes in the first hour.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
We have a lot more than that.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-E-W-J-L-L-U-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-I-S.
L-O-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say
5.6705.68 will be a lot of names on this poll today. This may be our longest list ever, which is good. Keep you off the streets.
441 votes. Your Lewis don't have any yet. That's because that spelling is most amusing. That's one of your best all-time best.
Isn't that what they call boob boob? Boob. Boob. How? John Boob. How?
WQAM. Hello.
Hello. Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm one for your bowl.
OK. Larry Zonka.
Larry Zonka. OK.
I'm out there in the very next.
Yes, he is.
I think so.
Thanks, Pally.
Larry Zonka. Old Zonka. He almost got Zonka. Maybe he ran into what's his name?
He's new to Zonka. Let's make a deal. Mane and Mane Hall. Great Canadian boy Mane Hall.
Good Jewish boy. Made the ton of money. It gives a lot of money to charity and stays out
everybody's face. Mane Hall. I like that. Retire and stay out everybody's face.
Let's speak of that. They're bowling for Columbine. I started in two nights ago.
Yeah.
And that Dick Clark thing. I sure hope that isn't true about him coming back for new years again this year.
I was sure hope that's just the swishful thinking.
Because we're hoping that that second stroke really kicked him big time.
Now what, what a bastard. You know what I'm saying? He's in the van.
Close it are. Close it are. Not where we're behind Swayby Heights kids.
We'll close it are.
Bastard.
He's a crap man. Fony baloney.
Speaking of baloney, Maroney and Larry Williams in short fat fatty.
By the way, did you talk to your bald head a friend yet to just straighten his little ass out?
Yes. You didn't speak to him. Is he?
Does he understand now?
Does he understand the end of September from whatever date he just conveniently picked out of his hate?
Everything.
Yeah. You better get with it bald.
Okay, well chicken act because you know you and I are days in numbered in probably single digits.
Old and feeble. Okay, so you better enjoy him like you can.
Don't be no pressure in anybody. Don't be like hyperventilating.
Oh, that's his style. Oh, he's you know.
When you deal with crazy people, that's the way they are. Right?
Yeah. Well, you have to deal with it bad with the good. Well, people are very talented like him.
They tend to be a little crazy like that.
As you well know, WDQAM. Hello.
Neil, one for both.
Okay. Jeff Gordon.
Jeff Gordon. Okay. In fact, we got a great fit about Jeff Gordon that I'm sure everybody will only hear about.
And that's it. That's the one. Jeff Gordon, man. That NASCAR stuff. That just sends me right to the old bull.
How's your buddy Joe Castello doing? Do you tell him to quit calling me?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I'm serious about that. Hey, Joe, it's not personal. I like you.
But I just don't like when people call you and they have nothing to say.
You know, you called me. What do you want? You know, I don't like saying that.
No, I used to say that to Rimmer all the time. You know, you called me what say something.
You know, what was the purpose beside you?
And your bugger, your bugging hell out of me. You're just sucking around again using me as a human prop.
Oh, God. In fact, when the panthers, when we had the older Reno,
and he and Denise Pfeifein used to televised the games from behind where my seats happened to be with my luck,
not the first year, the first year my seats were crossed the way.
But then I got seats like we have much better seats. And their broadcast table was like,
you know, during the whole game, I looked back there and he'd be like, you know, winking and blinking and not.
And so then the end of the period would come and he'd get up and walk out.
And he'd give me the, yeah, come on. Come here. Come here. I'd have to go back there and shmuz would hand in between periods.
That because you wanted to talk about anything because you wanted to aggravate Denise Pfeifein who hated me like Poison.
So the fact he was talking to me, just a way of aggravating you, Denise,
because he hates you, wishes you would croak a horrible wicked death.
Just every phone conversation I had with this man would you have for him or at least 90% of the conversation was about what a motor mouth,
cop and how dumb he was and just ripping an ass he hates you.
So when Columbus straight check, it's come to town Denise. I hope you have a real warm reunion.
You frog. WQAM, hello.
Neil God. Yes sir, speaking. How about you, manage.
Jim, manage. There's one. All right. Amen.
That's lovely, Neil. Thanks a lot, Kelly. The former tight end.
A lot of guys formerly were tight ends and back home.
459 votes on that poll. Let's take a peek and see who's going to do it.
Is there any doubt any boys going to win? No. 133 because in South Florida, 134 even as I spoke in mid-sense, he got another one.
What do you say about Jimmy Cifalus besides bad broadcaster?
I hate sports 97 Mickey Mendel 39 Michael Jordan 29. He's moving right up on Mickey's ass.
Hey, Mike, maybe a loan of his liver. What do you think?
If you use a liver, Babe Roo 21, Muhammad Ali 20 will amazing 19.
Bobby or 18 Wayne Gretzky 12. It's amazing to me that we got how many hockey players on this list?
Let's see the percentage of votes. We got Bobby or Wayne Gretzky.
It's 30 votes, about 30. Johnny Bowers got three. That's 33.
Any other hockey player? No. So like about 8% of the total 462 hockey player.
I don't see anybody putting us two barns on there yet or Joe Serella.
He was on the bottom of a pile and he was in the grass of football. He bit the rest of the finger off.
Nice going there Dick. Thanks a lot, Colin.
Probably it's after 11.560. Did we put the Johnny with on there? He's going to get some votes, Joe Willie.
He could play, man. He could drink too. He could play. He could drink.
Come on. Are you picking on the old guy what he's done? Now just because he made a fool of himself.
Joe has been a tough season for jet fans. What is it mean to you now on a team struggling?
I want to kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling.
I want to kiss you. Thanks Joe.
Yeah. You've struggled that Joe made that by the 4th decade team.
Well, some of these guys have time. Yeah. They were struggling. They were struggling. Oh, brother.
Well, then he go to Alabama. Ain't you from Alabama? Yeah. That's Joe.
I know he went to Alabama. He played quarterback at Alabama. He's from Alabama. He's a good old boy.
Eliterate. But he's your head at one big year now in 69, man. If you go open up a big mouth, you better come through.
See, that's what I say in this radio business, Joe. If you're going to open up a big mouth and talk a big game, you better come through with some big, big numbers.
Okay. You know what I'm saying? That was another one talks a big game. But you better come up with some real big juicy fat numbers.
Okay. If you're going to start opening up a big mouth. See, I got big fat juicy ones and numbers, too. That's why I can open up a mouth.
But people like Joe, but it's got fractions that most of his numbers begin with a. That's not somebody to be open up mouth about radio and about sports radio and stuff like that.
Joe, you quizzling, you idiot. You simple. You're very 1113 at 560 WQ AM for years. I've been telling you about my good friends and dry concepts.
The very best carpet cleaning company in the world. They do a lot of other things besides just making your carpets look brand new.
They can save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars. They do a lot of other great stuff for you to. They specialize in drapery cleaning, a full string leather furniture restoration, macriss cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, pet-ordered treatments and water damage restoration to dry concepts can also clean and restore your tile and ground quickly and efficiently.
Their professional staff is always improving the survey with the most advanced cleaning techniques ever discovered.
And during this month, which has run out fast during September, take advantage of the summer system number two package and water damage special with dry concepts, too.
Dry concepts from carpet clean to tile and ground cleaning the only place to call.
And they'd grab it into Palm Beach's column tool free. And once you use them, by the way, you'll understand why I've used them for over 20 years in all of my homes.
Call 1-800-248-5071. No ripoffs, no games, no scams, no tack-ons at the end. They give you written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their fantastic job.
1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, it's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Hey, it's Howard. How it's bam.
Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I'll have the...
Shoot, shoot, shoot!
This man suffers from a rare form of Tourette syndrome called G-rated Tourette.
Ah, that comes with a vegetable.
All try the...
Con-con-con-con-terrette.
Symptoms of G-rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms.
And for an appetizer?
How about the...
Shucks, Shucks, Shucks, Shrimpuck?
Unfortunately, there is no cure for G-rated Tourettes.
Would you care for a salad?
Yes, the...
Heck, heck, heck, heck, how salable, wait, you know what?
Make that a...
Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dosh, Dosh, Dosh, Dosh, Diori Grissel.
Okay, that's one...
Deg-Doh, Deg-Doh, Deg-Doh, Deg-Doh!
Great, Sal.
The good news is, G-rated Tourettes isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourettes.
The bad news is, it's a lot more annoying.
And for desserts.
Oh, I'll have the...
Bunch, bunch, bunch, bunch.
Maybe that's what the big O- is going, because he keeps saying,
they were breaking the law by failing to move along and began making a rest.
She in 48 was the first taken into custody.
She stood up and was led to a police vehicle while protesters chanted,
the whole world is watching.
She in 24 year-round, we know that.
She in was among several hundred demonstrators who marched around the White House yesterday,
then stopped in front, began singing and chanting,
stop the war now.
They were all chanting, stop the CCA deal now.
And the job she's saying, what that's the part I slept through?
The demonstration is part of a broader anti-war effort.
We know that represented from anti-war groups.
We were meeting yesterday with members of Congress,
urgent and to work to end the war and bring the troops home.
But their troops, you weren't about downtown Mahi Brown.
Great job, Brownie. Count, you're doing it.
And your girlfriend got it, good yesterday.
My girlfriend, Olindy.
Yeah, look.
Army PSC, Lindy England, who's smiling, poses in photos of detainee abuse at bagged ads.
Aburgar, rape prison.
Made her the face of the scandal was convicted yesterday by a military jury
on six and seven counts, to which I say,
all right.
Even though she is being scapegoat, it nevertheless,
if anybody deserves it, she does.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah, I agree.
England 22 was found guilty of one counter conspiracy,
four counts of maltreating detainees,
and one kind of committing an indecent act.
She was acquitted on a second conspiracy count.
The jury of five male army officers took about two hours to reach his verdict,
her case now moves to the sentencing phase,
which is being heard by the same jury starting today.
England tried to plead guilty and made it the same counts
she faced this month on the same train on the slow sentencing cap,
but her judge threw out a plea deal.
She now faces a maximum of nine years in prison.
Oh, she's going to have a great time in there.
England wearing her dark green dress uniform stood at attention yesterday,
as the verdict was read by a jury for him,
and she showed no obvious emotion afterward.
As for comment after the verdict,
the offensive attorney kept in Jonathan Crisp said,
the only reaction I can say is, I understand.
How do you like that?
I understand.
All right, well, what do you expect?
England's trials, the last for a group of nine army
reserved as charged with mistreating prisoners at Aburgar,
in Iraq, a scandal that badly damaged the US image
in the Muslim world despite quick condemnation of the abuse
by President Bush.
Two other troops were convicted in trials
and remaining six made plea deals.
Several other soldiers testified at England's trial.
They were anxious. They were singing, I want to testify.
56670, hear that phone?
I do.
56670560, pound 566 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Let's get every athlete who ever played the game on here.
Let's get Phil Resuto, the scooter.
Let's have 10 Williams.
What about 10 Williams, huh?
Okay.
What about Roger Clemens, do you think?
I'm just thinking of people that are going to get a lot of hosts
because we can only take so many thousand calls between now
and two o'clock.
We can't get everybody, but I'm thinking of people who are really obvious, huh?
What about Stan Musil, or is he really curious to call him Stan Musil, right?
Isn't that a lot of stuff?
What about Ernie Banks?
That's Madam Musil.
Oh.
What about Ernie Banks?
Let's play 10.
I'm just naming ones that I think Josh knows who they are.
They can spell.
I suppose to Joe Lewis.
That was bad.
I don't see Joe Lewis on the bottom anymore.
Maybe he ran into Max Schmeling.
He must have a voter to it.
Did we take him off or put him on to me?
Me, Spellah?
Joe is still spelled the wrong.
So if you want to vote for Joe Lewis, the boxer we got it spelled wrong.
And Eric is like dawdling on it.
L-O-U-I-S.
Okay, Lewis.
Not like Lewis, the corn sure is special in deliverance.
God.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
There's an underrated actor for a Ned Baby, man.
Is he good or what?
Q-I-M.
Yes.
Not there.
Covered Q-I-M.
Hello.
And we're going to go two for two now.
Two.
Let's try three for three.
Q-I-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up?
I got one for you.
Larry Bird.
Larry Bird.
Okay, one of the obvious people ever to walk to face of the earth.
But I have to learn.
And it'll get you free refill at our betters.
There you go.
Thanks, Pallee.
What about habilitics stole them all?
That Johnny most.
Anybody that would criticize Johnny and Johnny Moch has got to be just jealous.
That would be an idea.
Here's one from Bob and Poor Lauderdale.
How about Jesse Owens because he made Hitler look like an a-hole?
Life out eight-off did a good job of that himself.
But Jesse Owens is good, and he was a great athlete too.
36 Olympics in Munich.
Wasn't it in Munich?
Okay.
As long as we're putting X bears on the pool, how about the greatest?
Walter Sweetness, Peyton.
Let's get Walter Peyton on airs his gray in Coral Springs.
Is that gray or is that gay?
And also, here's the headwrecking of somebody a lot older than me.
Please consider Joe DiMaggio and Lou Gehrig.
It says, thank you, Moldioli.
Another Moldioli.
Hey, this is the old people station.
Have no fear.
Okay.
Nothing wrong with getting old.
It happens all of us.
This has Joel.
Please consider Joe DiMaggio and Lou Gehrig on air.
Yeah.
Then you can you spell Lou Gehrig right?
GEHRIG.
I don't want to black come blood out.
I'm gonna get out of here.
You're down.
That's what I heard for the count.
You and Joe Lewis.
560, 560, 560.
We're gonna have a list of about 50,000 names on here today.
A little bit I ever suspect.
Did you?
No, what?
We got 500 and 7 vote.
We'd have a lot more than that if we had everybody's favorite on there.
Yeah, but we don't.
That's why we keep taking zidians across today.
Instead of reading like a whole bunch of stupid ass.
And I want to read a whole bunch of stupid ass stories because I got a little headache anyway.
You know, probably because my blood sugar was like 700.
It's really high.
Because I went out and got the Ben and Jerry's last night.
You should never have Ben and Jerry's ice cream at night, huh?
My blood sugar is that good today, huh?
Why'd you do it?
I felt like it because my addiction to sugar was kicking.
Not for any special reason.
And then making it even worse than I found that movie The Antiverse Repartee.
I think that was God's punishment for being an advent and Jerry's chocolate brownie.
Brownie, huh?
It was an honor for the hearings today for Brownie.
And so I was inspired being psychic as I am.
I thought, let's go get some brownie stuff.
Chocolate brownie, fudge, whatever.
It's not really, very good.
You ever have that?
I've got that I've resolved.
As much as I love Ben and Jerry's, they got some really crappy flavors.
It's, ooh, some really nasty stuff.
I'm starting to turn just a little bit like I told you that it's where a Hogan does, man.
With that banana nut.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
What do you got?
Here's an easy one for Josh's stuff.
How about Carly Stromsky?
All right, excellent choice.
All right.
Thanks, Pally.
Carly Stromsky, can this fella, it's got seven wives and three Z's in it?
I guess I'll have to Google it.
I met him once.
You met Carly Stromsky?
He was in the back at IOD years ago.
Wow.
And I had no idea who he was when I met him.
Yeah.
Or what?
Sport he played it.
But I knew that he was a jock because I'd never heard of them.
Boston Red Sox, baby, great sluggering.
You also met Kurt Gaudi.
I did.
The former voice of the Red Sox and also the voice of A.F.L. football and a whole bunch of stuff.
Kurt Gaudi.
I met Kurt when he was in there that night.
I thought, who show was he?
I guess he had to be on the sports talk show because we only had one.
We only had two hours of sports talk on IOD because we figured two hours a day repeating the same stuff every day was more than enough for the sport hold.
And one is Neil Rogers.
A rat.
This is 516.
King Fade.
The hammerino.
The hammerino.
Both of them sport holds today's celebration.
Your association in two of the sport hold of fame.
Number 13.
Find fame.
Winning a mind to the age.
Inch of Calmanoa covered over his performance, it's no one else showed up their play.
You were even in a house, McCree.
And made a pretty woodman.
Right after the 60-year-old.
And the Friday's in there.
Joe Phillips.
And no contract.
You hold us back.
After the pick, the band of men.
Oh, the band's going to win.
I gave my hand every shot.
It's 11.30.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
We're going to have to go back to the end.
I'm going to have to go back to the end.
We're going to need to reminisce bri .
We're going to read wheat transferring as much as arrowhead
One more time is here.
right here.
Get down to housing area,
Second time of isictivh
Buick
I can't see and lie
When they fall the friendship that whole thing made me feel sick
But I felt better when they voted out that chair chair
They really were a bitters by phone and
Can't believe it's night if you weren't in front of the chair
And then those like that ain't for law that's how it puts me back
What's in this case that I am not over in yet
I really like how we funny children play these games
Here we went and we think when we tried to vote out scene
But couple doesn't freak you loose a thing
First can't believe Maggie won't be brothers with
I'm too much for done now
But when they made it fair well
I can find a son with a son
I'm just putting down the star of secret words of big things
Can't believe Maggie won't be brothers with
Love me for a 6 if 5 60 WQ AM somebody says on the facts here how can we forget Greg Lucianus
You got that a Greg Lou Guinness
Yeah, it's spelled either way
And as long as we're going to put him on here what about Mark Spitz
What do you win like six school medals at the Olympics in Mexico City like a hundred years ago Mark Spitz
Then he became a dentist
So if you want to get drilled he'd go see Greg Lucianus or Mark Spitz
At any rate let's say you're gonna put Mark Spitz on here or not
It's up to you
We're just gonna forget it
All depending on how depressed you are about your personal
Now did we ever change Joe Lewis or is it still
Yeah, we could
Oh look at that nice go on Eric okay he's a little slow
He put a couple of them below me and Swiss averages aside just long enough to change his spelling on that
So what do we got so far let's read the list down so we don't care a whole lot of repeats
570 votes
Who is your all-time favorite athlete?
Dan Moreno 146 nobody can touch Danny and quite practically who'd want to I hate sports 107 Mickey Mabel 43
Michael Jordan 37 Michael if I have to hear that Michael crap one more time you know that
That's a one thing that Bob that
That's the fact that they covered up his suspension from the leaf from the one here that he supposedly went to play minor league baseball
Remember that?
Oh come on that wasn't a suspension
Josh what do you mean he actually played minor league baseball?
That's what I'm saying Sarah Soda wasn't
I don't remember he was well
Okay because he said out of season I don't think he said out at all I think there was some gambling thing involved there there that was the rumors
And then of course remember his daddy they found him on the side of the road date somewhere in Jersey or somewhere
Yeah, yeah some really suspicious in that whole deal but nevertheless don't talk about such stuff
My heaven I'll leave 35
They brewed 26
Willie May is 21
Bobby or 19 Wayne Gretzky 13 needle nose all somebody hit him
Go cry go to the mentioned cry Wayne Shaq 12 Tom Brady 11 that's the man right there magic Johnson 10 Bob Reese 10
Roberto Clemente 8 Arriba Arriba Maria Levitt 8 Tiger Woods 8 too much
Jim Manage Mad Dog's right on Tigers ass he's got seven Larry bird five hey Larry you turd
Lance Armstrong five Georgia Armstrong don't have any there is Gerald Siddler
I think put it on the Maple Leaf here is the news of greatest diamond there's Rick five
Let's see Lance Armstrong five O.D Simpson four Yogi Berra four Dick Fuckus four Larry Zonka Zonka three nice going Zonka got rescue there last week
Damn near died Jackie Robinson three Billy Smith three Johnny Bowers got three Jim Brown's got a pair he was great man he was so good it was scary
Lou Gary to Joe to Maggio Joe Joe's got two
Thinking of him being in the same room much less than the same bed with Marilyn Monroe is so scary it's just oh
What about the other one Joe name of two?
Yeah like Arthur Treacher what a Arthur Miller right yeah she probably would have done Arthur Treacher she just was in ugly guys
Anybody anybody who pal to sugar Ray Leonard to Lyle Alzeros got a pair he still Shmurrin it
Thurman Munson one Cardiostrip ski one Jesse Owens one Walter Peyton one Sandy Peyton don't have any bitch Ted Williams one Glenn Rice one Mike Typhon one Joe Lewis one very bonds
Is got one Josh's vote no somebody else and no votes yet for Mark spitz Greg Lusainus John Mac and Ro Roger Clemens Ernie Banks Jeff Gordon Jim Thorpe or Brian Pickle
No votes for Ernie Banks oh my god what is with you people who must not have any Chicago people out there probably not how about Ryan Sandberg
How about Mark Grace what about Greg Maddox he just turned 96 how about those marlins by the way is it official night
It was for nothing last night or they Houston winners it still one more before it's official
What?
And we'll have that for you tonight. There's a reason to tune in we got the mole myster with two you got mad dog at four six thirty
Marlins on Drek and then at 705 the Washington National eliminate the Florida Marlins from any possible playoff a wild card
Hope's and any K follows the baseball game a J Burnett he was showing the door don't let it hit you in the ass on the way out trouble maker big mouth
But Hank says he had Jack McKeein on this morning old Jack says he may just come back in next year he may fool them all
WCYM hello
Hey, who else yes, I am will you please put a couple of things could you put on John L.A. please?
He's John L. Way okay. He's a great football player and he has a superbow ringer to the show for it
Yeah, we talked to consecutive one thing is it now?
In the now he had a color earlier that called loud. I was a little or rather loud. I was able to get his career as a professional football player at
Then for Broncos and he fought a exhibition fight with a tassius Clare. Excuse me. I'm a dolly. I don't know how many people are aware of that
But anyway, thank you so much incidentally and he's been watching this
These guys are raking this poor brown fellow over the cold
I feel so sad for brownie not
Twice the time you know, it's just a window dressing just they put on a dog and pony show
Agreed but I mean they're getting some they're getting some licks in I mean this is his proudest moment
But he looks bad good good. Well, you know, you know what check my ears to say Q.A.m
Just lick them have a great day pali
Yeah, man, okay, and now what's that said that would be for us are doing those great
Foner's those interviews on a morning show and if I would have just supported it he'd had a 40-year all your fault
That's your suck Chuck a lot of work went into that show WQ. Why you never notice Q. I. Am hello
Reggie white alright that scramble soup man. That's the best
Reggie white got several bits about Reggie white not too complimentary by the way
Yeah, there's a fart sound in this bit. I'm not planning. Oh, okay
Just I just played a little bit of a dare
I played the other one I started just a little season I played the Jeff Gordon is gay Ben of course not
Yeah, well, I got even better news. What's that?
Inside radio just called they should stop faxing
All right, so in other words the acknowledge your knight and Tom Taylor called person Maria somebody call. Oh, yeah
Some chick call good because I'm sure he's not obviously he's not the one that's faxing this stuff
But thanks a lot Josh. You're the best man that thing is in the mail
I'm gonna go out and get that movie. I'm gonna get all or George told me this morning don't get hospital for him
Because he won't like it don't get him anymore movies see George is not your friend
He pretends to be your friend if he was your friend you'd have that big screen TV already that HD said right
Not he's been talking about this is how I hate him. Yeah, just just like my friend Dave told me George talks behind my back
He talks behind your back. I think that maybe Mo had a point about the George
I've been telling people you were a bag of for years now. Yeah, I think Mo had a point about you, you know what?
But he did the right thing
He backed off because
Oh God, you know seriously
I would make the effort of writing the book not to make any money because it wouldn't sell out many copies
But just for the satisfaction of putting it down in print so people would maybe somebody might believe it the stuff
That's gone on there these last eight years forget about IOD forget about Disney puking in the waste basket all the other good stuff
But just just the stuff these last eight years on this supposed radio station is absolutely
Unbelievable. It's amazing. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Nelly. Yes, sir. How about Joe nameless? I
Said him a little while ago. I don't think put him on here. I guess we didn't put him on yet
Okay, bye. We're waiting to see if he could still play because the Jeff needed quarterback. You didn't put Joe name with honor yet?
Yeah, I did
I'm busy. I don't always got three votes
That's so well when we just got don't have a computer. Okay, maybe hanging out with Hank five six seven oh five sixty
Town your favorite athlete of all time. What by the way speaking of Hank?
I went out to the magic room here during the last break or whatever
Well, you were like in twin stalls there side by side not exactly by each nothing quite that fun
No, I think in the hall and he was listening and he reminded me that it was on his show that Carl just Krimsky was on and
So there so I was sitting on Hank show training when I met Carl so there's the rest of the story. Well, I'll be dang
Five six seven and then he also say boy Geary's an a hole. I bet you mentioned night a few more of that particular occasion
But I we already know the Hank. We know how that's how he feels. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
Yes, sir
Q.A.M. Sounds like us. Yeah, I have a name for your poll. Okay, journey
Let's get it on there right away journey
They couldn't sing but they sure could play here's one Cal Ripian says Maurice lawyer listener for a hundred years
Thanks Maurice or is that Morris? Maybe that's Morris give you think could be maybe Sandy give
Let's say your thoughts on a man who's this from to can bring the Democrats back to the White House
It says his name is Al Gore. You know, I'm thinking that the other day I was thinking about that
Get what were you? No, just the coincidence if you think about it then we get this fact
Well, they were talking about this the other day the fact that he is maybe positioning himself to
For another comeback. Okay, it says he's been packing people in his speech appearances
He's been packing it. He isn't always has been anti-war property now in people pools
People find the understanding listen to a conversation regarding global warming
But screw them over they stole the election and I'll green
Al Gore consumer you better off now than you were eight years ago Americans love a comeback kid
He's got a website Al Gore slash the dash o8.com
Now what does that say remember lockbox? Yeah, really funny them, but not so funny now very good. Thanks a lot
Palai. I'm all for that. I think Al Gore could beat anybody they put up including
John McCain with his cheek all puffed up there a Rudy Giuliani who's got his chief of polies hanging around his neck
Like a Albatross remember Albatross Harry Harvey Stanley to answer
Bob Greasy and Joe Mingre will we got Bob Greasy on their mean Joe Green for the pool. Okay, probably some Steelerschmuck
What about Terry Bradshaw? They don't come no dumber than Terry
Huh, he loves his sushi. What do you say? Let's get Terry Bradshaw and even though I hit him like poison
I can't really make it personal can't make it personal. This is business, and I don't want to make it personal
Okay, so you got a Terry Bradshaw mean Joe Green got it. We got it
We got a list of 50,000 athletes on here. They man there's gonna be so many jocks drafts hanging on that website
It's gonna smell really bad rancid 1156. What about Tim Horton man? He makes a hell of a donut
Wow, you know something seriously being here most of the time
It's like I'm on a different planet. I'm in a different world. It's just the whole the whole mentality is just so different
It's I don't know just like that PC saw I'm blowing for Columbine where he came to Canada and they talked about all the guns that are around
But nobody's shooting each other and he went to Sarny Ontario population 80,000 and they said when's the last time you had a murder here
Oh, we had one about five years ago in Windsor you had one here now not in a long time
Just and although we do have some shootings now
We got some folks with guns who shouldn't have might I want to get into it?
How did you sleep last night in a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation?
If you were then half Americans we're for getting good night sleep most nights one of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable
Supportive mattress like a great new Simmons V duress queen said from our good friends at Dallamaatris
This Simmons V duress features individually pocketed coil so you won't feel your partner moving during the night and now priced at only
599 bucks for a limited time only so pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress right now and tell me what the
Neal deal that Simmons V duress for just 599 bucks plus a portion of this deal at every Dallamaatris
Purchase will be donated to her king Katrina relief and when you call 1 800 mattress
You still get same day delivery all across out Florida and you choose from the deepest selection
You pick the date and time for delivery any tour window that fits your schedule you pick it noon to 2 1 to 3 etc
And Dallamaatris shows up on time 99.7% of the time. I've used them for years
They always do a great job and you can depend on it too
So if you want to make the easiest piece of shopping you've ever done just pick up that phone right now and call 1 800 mattress or log
under their website mattress.com guarantee yourself a stupendous night sleep for years to come on a bed from Dallamaatris
1 800 MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for Stanley Dancer
This is Neal Rogers
This is 5.62 A.M.
Hey I'm from Elyana Rush Latening and I like scrubbing my slug really ass with soap made from jules
And listening to the new R.O.K.A.M.E.S.T.R.
Take care!
We want no bad relations and like we gotta be real life
Because with no hesitation they love to pick up life
To want no bad luckation and love game was a tight state
The bush in the station wants to stop what they create
That's a hell of a mistake
Say no real need no dealing with no career
A rag is bad enough and we're dealing with no career
I say all best that is to come and just scrub your
Or we might just regret dealing with no career
dealing with no career
dealing with no career
12.03.05.60 WQ.A.M.
Happy Tuesday 2 years, September 27th
I notice a lot of great athletes picking the favorite athlete
were number 27, Darryl Sittler, Frank Mahabalich
Who else?
Any football players?
Great football players?
I don't think so, I think I can pick up
No, not great.
In fact, the great number I guess was 32
Jim Brown, what's his name?
Gil Sears, Did you?
Was Walter Peyton 32?
34.
That's right, 34 was also Bobby Mitchell on the same
Brown's team with the great Jim Brown
Boy, that was some team.
They had a crappy quarterback though, milk plum.
Well, what a fruit.
This is going to frost your ass.
A man who immigrated from Kenya, can you believe it?
To the US found prosperity beyond his expectations on the day he became a US citizen, George?
Something for you to think about.
How did he do that?
Shortly after Moses Bitok of West Des Moines took the oath of citizenship on Friday, last Friday,
he discovered he had a $1.89 million winning ticket from the Iowa Lotteries Hot Lotter game.
It's almost like you adopted a country and then they netted you $1.8 million, he said,
Monday's he cast in this ticket, doesn't happen anywhere, I guess, only in America.
And Janie Americans, Dave Black was singing, only in America.
But our city took the citizenship, both at the federal building in Des Moines Friday,
and went shopping with his family.
They stopped at a gas station to check his lottery ticket from the September 21st drawing.
For some reason, I'm calm, he said his wife Lee and either screamed.
She was screaming over there.
The top 40 officer at the Iowa Correction Institute for Women in Mitchellville said he does know exactly what he'll do with the winnings.
But a college fund for the couples for your old daughter Mindy is Utah priority.
Here I thought Mindy was only on the guiding light and only came back for Camios once in a while.
The doctor was to receive his winnings in 25 annual payments.
Oh, see, this is the American way again, about $52,920 a year for 25 years after tax.
See, they don't do that, Harry. They don't play that game.
You win a lot over here, they give you a check.
The whole amount, no tax, no games, no BS, and they just give you a check.
Any kind of gambling winnings, in some look, I think that I have any, but nevertheless.
That story reminds me of it. It's like, you know, people have played a lot of heavy duty and they've worked their guts out.
Maybe they get like six bucks or ten bucks and never hit anything.
It's like sitting at the casino playing the slots all day long.
You're pouring $100 bill after $100.
You're pouring thousands in and all the regulars in there, and they're all losing and losing, waiting to hit something.
And then some schmuck comes up and plays them a good machine next to you, man.
And sticks a $20 bill in.
And about a thing, here's like a three grand or something.
Bastards. Spikes in Parker, Colorado, I'm assuming that's how you pronounce that. Spikes, speaks.
I don't know.
Spikes. He says, what about the greatest athlete ever to play in South Florida?
Pavel Burry. Jesus get with it. He said, love you in school. He's, well, hey, you know what I'm sure he is.
And we did take that poll. The greatest athlete ever to play in South Florida.
And the damn Reno beats him hands down your pants, but people don't know from Pavel Burry, okay?
They don't know Pavel Burry, from Pavel Demetri, from Pavel The Dog.
Okay, they haven't got any idea what that's all about.
That's South Florida for you, man, although they do like Bobby Orr, thank God for that.
Danny, they're not going to come close to Danny. They just, they're obsessed.
Let's build monuments to Dan Marino, okay?
156 votes and Mickey Mantles got 46.
Wow. Even a mad dog in the same league with that.
What about Joe Rose?
Just because he's over there on the evil side with the evil doers. I mean, we can't put Joe Rose in there.
All their journey just got a vote.
Joe Lewis still has only one. That's because that would take an ingest you once.
Old Faris, I mean, real, real, even older than me. And that's that's ancient, with no from Joe Lewis.
WCYM, hello.
Yeah, I need like a two feet of pole.
Okay. Lawrence Taylor.
Lawrence Taylor, good ol' LT.
And Pele.
And Pele.
Ariba, Ariba, Pele.
Arkey, that's Pele.
Okay, thanks.
You got to Pele, the great soccer player, and LT.
We got that OJLT bit.
Yeah, what is that called?
Cocaine Batch.
No, it's called...
Wrong.
Oh, we're evidently.
OJLT Show.
What's the old weighty of five 50-cevl.
Who I am?
We get this stuff on this.
It's an old Eilato.
We have an LT and I'm like, Lurven bit.
With intro by Lenny Martezno, dog.
Hey, that Lenny, man.
Is he a broadcast there or what?
Just amazing to me.
Line nine, WQAM, hello.
Crunkle Meal.
Yes, sir.
You are the only thing I miss about South Florida.
Well, what does that tell you?
What a horrible place it is.
Thank Neal God for the Internet.
Neal God!
Exactly.
I have an addition to your...
Where are you calling from just out of curiosity?
I am in Columbus, Georgia.
Columbus, Georgia.
Ooh, that's kind of scary.
Well, my $275,000 house here would cost about $600,000 in plantation.
Right, like I said, that's where the good life is, man.
The affordable good life in Columbus, Georgia.
And I get an A&T.
That's not close to entry, is it?
No, it's about an hour and 45 minutes south of Atlanta.
Oh, I see.
Because if you're too close to entry, you might get a visit from the Beasley's one of these days.
Okay, what do you got for us, Pali?
It's not a person, it's a team.
The 1980 US hockey team.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
I guess you don't agree?
I mean, well, it's not a question whether I agree.
It just isn't the answer to our poll today.
It's like saying Swiss cheese.
You know, it's fine, but it just don't fit, you know?
For people, do you believe in miracles?
Yes, I do.
And I'll remember it well.
Say how to L.
I sure will.
I haven't heard anything about it.
Do you believe in miracles, George?
No.
Oh, well, you should for quite a while.
I know that song.
Yeah.
I don't believe in magic, but I love it.
I love it.
So long and spoonfuls.
You love it and spoonfuls.
You will eat magic.
That's it.
No, this song.
Oh, yeah.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in miracles.
Columbus North Coast Normale
Tampa.
Oh, yeah.
He's the best, man.
Oh, he's the best, man.
Yeah.
suspension, um, hello.
He's the best, man.
Yeah, hey, you're young for that great show.
Hus Nederlanders.
Bacon or Brackford sandwich?
kana Jan van Kennedy
Wayne Jefferson
put them on the pole though.
Dear Islanders, John Tnelli.
I wouldn't put them on the pole.
I would need her.
I would put Mike Palma here on there before I put him.
Oh my God.
Mike Palma here.
And I think that Howard D need to come out with a slogan like,
remember how they have the 9-11 scare things to get pushed?
And obviously, they should have pictures of the flood.
And then, Condi on Broadway, and they should say,
while you were drowning, they were out clowning.
Yeah, that's I like that.
And shopping for shoes.
Don't forget those great $7,000 shoes, man.
Yeah, so good.
Yeah, great.
And I look at the photo hockey shoes.
Say goodbye.
OK, we love the maple leaves.
And I'll tell you one thing.
I found out who the new coach of Ottawa was.
I haven't been paying too much attention.
It really distressed me.
B.M. the spokesman, even George knows the spokesman Brian Murray.
What about him?
The spokesman, he's the coach of the Ottawa Shenators.
And they're going to be damn good.
They're kicking a crap out of the lease
in the exhibition this season.
And it looks like they got one hell of a team.
It wouldn't have be something.
Not thanks to him, though.
It's thanks to John Schmuckler, the GM.
We got all these guys.
Give him a soda back two years ago, and a foot frozen pond.
There's that Leafs TV, baby.
Let's put some of that audio on there.
That'll kill us for good.
Anyway, old B.M. Brian Murray, the spokesman,
we won't have him to kick around no more.
The spokesman.
It's 12 minutes after.
And the Panthers are going to be good, too.
But I don't see anybody paying any attention
or having any interest.
The hockey season starts in a week.
Gully will be, I don't think we got a Gully.
I guess, is resting up his voice
for the beginning of hockey season, wouldn't you think?
OK.
Well, I would think so.
He's like probably, you know, he's
like standing in front of the mirror
with him intoning and having some energy.
And I voice all straight now for hockey season.
Here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford
from Armstrong Ford at Homestead.
I'm doing the wrong spot.
You know how you do it?
You go to see Chuck Alphieri.
All right.
Huh?
Wait, what?
I said, if you want to save a lot of money on your hair,
go to see Chuck Alphieri.
If you want to save a lot of money on a Ford,
go to Armstrong Ford, but that's in the next hour.
I'm in the wrong hour.
No, it was the right spot.
Yeah, well, somebody just faxed me
to log in the wrong order.
Or probably I just put my pile together in the wrong order.
I don't know.
I wonder a lot of stress, a lot of pressure.
Don't ask why.
I'll just make up an answer.
Like I started to say on the moments
of Go Before Chuck's stuff, he's hair in the middle.
Here's your last chance to save thousands
on a brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford at Homestead.
They've always treated everybody like family.
And now they want to extend an offer
to you to join their family.
Nationwide Ford has extended their Ford family plan a few more
days through September 30th.
About third, man.
And right now at Armstrong Ford at Homestead,
you get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company
employing their families get.
Not only do you get employee family pricing,
but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires
and batteries full-life program.
How can you beat that?
And for a limited time with any new car purchase,
you also get a color TV for free.
All of these things.
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up the phone right now called David Richardson 305,
247-51-12, and talk to him about this fantastic Ford family
plan.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else in town.
No bait and switch, no phone details.
And this fantastic offer is only waiting for you at Armstrong
Ford at Homestead.
You'll find them at US1 at Southwest 307 Street
just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on our web, ArmstrongCars.com,
and then give David a call at 305-247-51-12.
He'll tell you all about this great Ford family plan.
Throughout a few miles extra in Save Really,
a ton of money, a Schmidt load at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.L.
Stay tuned for the Fire Detail.
At 5.60 WQ.A.L.
I got some excitement for him.
I'm having a good day.
All right?
Now we're just excited.
You probably won't care about it.
Exciting minutes.
I'll be right back.
Give a little nod, Sponge-Key.
Watching my yacht break.
Those Key West residents left the turmoil.
I'm dying over here.
Stromanly six strange.
While my front-board swings.
Those whirling clouds are beginning a boil.
Evacuation time in Ritaville.
I'm staying because I don't find me a soul.
Some people claim I should run from hurricanes.
But I know.
Reasonsy water salt.
I don't know the reason.
Someday I'll be at school.
Oh, GodOMOLO NETTHEMY.
and read a bill. You ferry. A lurch and people to run away from it all.
But I'm gonna stay through this arena. Her came cuz I know. Oh my god.
Reason C, water solves. So my package has been delivered. I remember I saw this morning how great UPS is. I just was tracking it.
I tell you that's kind of interesting when you track stuff like from UPS or FedEx online. Yeah. Maybe I mean you know I'm not exciting but it's kind of interesting.
You don't think so? No it is interesting. I just got a package handed to me too just since you said that.
Really? And who's is it? It says my name on it but it doesn't say where it's from. Oh well what's in it?
Sorry my wife. What's in the package? Anyway somebody faxes my message is named before. Oh Steve Friedman. All right. Let's hear it for Steve.
Well this isn't the same Steve. Maybe this is I don't know. Well this guy's in Louisville Kentucky. Anyway the Jewish boy Steve says a favorite athlete Al-Kayline Detroit Tigers.
It's not Al-Kayline okay? He didn't make no batteries Josh Al-Kayline. I imagine to be for when you didn't put him on it.
It's my fault because I didn't like press it Al-Kayline. First time the Tigers offered it made $100,000 contract he traded down saying he didn't think he was worth that much.
A real pro 110% effort to regain your absolutely correct. Great outfield or great hitter Al-Kayline. A real credit to the human race. Got it? We got it.
Now speaking of amusing not that it's JET I told you that S in JETS just stands for suck. The death suck lately.
And this article is just verifies what the guy said before because I almost didn't want to believe it. So I'm using and said it's shades of 99 with the role we first.
Vinnie Testy Verdi is returning to the JETS and will attempt to lead them out of one of the darkest periods in their history. In a 2 p.m. news conference Testy Verdi 41 will be reintroduced to the team in city that witnesses for
the effort 1998 season immediately following the 99 opener which is season ending Achilles injury crushed the JET Super Bowl hopes.
How fitting then it says that Testy Verdi will attempt to pick up the pieces for the JETS who have lost Chad Pennington and J. Feeder for the season with shoulder injuries.
When you lose J. Feeder Mr. you got some real tourists. The JETS also worked out Doug Johnson and Jesse Palmer and Jonathan Quinter they may shine one of them too.
How do you like that the Jets J. E. T. S. S. as in suck. So what does it mean with someone send you to him stone. What is it a tombstone. What do you mean by that? It's a pizza.
Sonic is it a pizza? No, it's a sonic tombstone. Yeah, I think it probably means I'm dying out of the way. You think it's a threat? Who is it from? It doesn't say.
Oh, maybe I know who probably sent it to you. Here's the a poll who's your all time favorite athlete Dan Marito 161 I hate sports 118 well too bad.
We like this today. It's a good perversion diversion Mickey Mendel 48 Mohammed Ali 44 Michael Jordan 44 Michael. That's all Michael to you.
A Bebrew 28 will he may is 22 Bobby or 22 greatest hockey player who ever lived by far. Shack 16. Who is it?
When Gretzky 15 Tom Brady 12 looking back. There is his number 12 to how do you like that Josh very impressive. He was he is Bob Reese 11 Larry bird 10 magic Johnson 10.
Mary LeMia 10. How about since everybody in their brother all the Queen. I mean all of us are talking about Rob Marciano the weather guy and CNN all the ladies and those of us who maybe.
How about Rocky Marciano the great boxer. Okay. You don't think I do before your time. But he sure was great. He was he was huge with his cauliflower ears. Roberto Roberto Clemente 9 Tiger Woods 9. Yeah, some athlete.
Jim Mandin and you know you were joking before about putting drivers and jockeys on here George but I'll tell you one thing there.
A lot better better athletes than golfers. You're going to use the word. If you have to use the word athlete. Right. I mean golfers are athletes like I'm a brain surgeon.
Jim Mandage 8 OJ Simpson 8 and Lance Armstrong 8 what a trio. Yogi's got five big but kiss five Jim Brown 4. Jackie Robinson 4. Greg Lusain is 3.
Thurmond Munson 3. Willie Joe's got three. He's coming back. He's going to be the quarterback for the Jets when old Vinny can't cut it. Yeah, I hate to say this to you.
I never thought Vinny was any good Josh. I mean, you know, well, he really never was. No. But that's a hurricane guy you're talking about.
Hey, he's no Geno to Reda. Lyle Alzeiro 3. Larry Zonker 3. Billy Smith 3. Johnny Bowers got three. Old number one. Journey. You've got a prayer. Lou Gehrig 2. Joe Demand is your two Ernie Banks 2.
Ted Williams appear. Luke Powell 2. No relation to the booster. Sugar Ray Leonard 2. Pale is got one. Mean Joe Green 1. John L. Wade 1. Mark Spitz got one. There you go.
Carlisth Rimsky 1. Jesse Owens 1. Walter Peyton 1. Jeff Gordon 1. Glenn Rice 1. Mike Tyson 1. Joe Lewis 1. Barry bonds 1. None. Rocky Marcy. I just went on Alcayline has none. Lawrence Taylor. None. Joe Rose. None.
Bob Elbury has none. Terry Bradshaw, Cal Ripkin, John McEnroe. Roger Clemens, Jim Thorpe and Brian Piccolo have none. All we did like Piccolo's restaurant on the beach back in the day.
That's when Jim Alton tried to get me to go home with him one night and I said, I don't think so, Jim. He was trying to pick up the waiter. He's dead now. Jim Alton. So I think we can say that I'm pretty sure he's dead. Even if he's not dead, I still said it. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Tom 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. What's a good dinner though? How many QAM Hello? Yeah, I thought the meal please speaking. Oh, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. Yeah, I got I want to vote for a vertical menu. I mean growing up as a kid. You know, I died in that tragic plane crash. You did.
I'm a commentary region. Yeah, and he was one of my favorite ball players. And I'll say he was never never after a large salary. Always was a team. You know, player. Yeah, big heart. So mark me down for a burdo. And I appreciate it. I've got to down and Bob Prince is high too. He's thinking who? Oh, he's dead too. So we can't, you know, he didn't care. 26 past noon at 5 60 WQ. And we got the moment. The rumors are sent George a tombstone to this.
This is me Roger. Is this guy, Rummer? This is 5 60 QAM. Yeah, there goes that audio vote. Oh, don't tell me, okay? All right, we won't tell you.
Lake. Oh Neil Rogers is right there. Cubs suck New Orleans thought it had been spared the worst and then two major levees broken slowly the city filled with water. The city that sits below sea level is now under sea. Officials estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor's been asking for everybody to stay a prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friends and loved ones out there. Yeah.
It's don't you know me? I'm dying on the air.
Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad. Very bad. Last night we didn't know the half of it. We are still learning just how bad.
What I saw today is equivalent to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia. There are places that are no longer there.
I mean, everything is just flooded. Everything. The whole city there right there is people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aid to one another.
We're hearing lots of stories like that of people assisting one another.
I just send all the people down there. They're picking up the pieces.
I'm a train to call the city of New Orleans. I'll be gone by only time when the day is done.
Tonight I ask for your prayers for all those who agree.
Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best.
I ask the American people to join me in saying a prayer for the victims and their families. God bless.
Abu Gharab.
1232 at 560 WQM. He's down there in Brownsville. Brown knows in Iran. Is it in Brownsville? He was somewhere else.
I don't know.
I mean, what are the begins with the B? What's with the B? He's somewhere in Texas.
You've got that. You know, remember we did the pull about one word described as bush the best.
Yeah. I've got to defend it and answer it. I don't think we've even put it on there. You know what it is? Because I looked at him.
They showed that clip of him being given the tour, the Grand Tour. They never stayed in damage there in Beaumont.
You know what the word is? I give up. Pathetic. Pathetic. He really is.
He's failed at everything he's ever done. You know, they spoon fed him. They put him in oil business, the baseball business.
Every business he ever went into, he failed. And then they stole him two elections and again he failed.
Yeah, but why do you hate America?
Former FEMA director Michael Brown told Congress today he made specific mistakes in leading the initial federal government response to a hurricane Katrina.
But Brown also blamed state local officials for government failures. Not that he wants to point to finger anything like that or play the blame game.
Brown told a special congressional panel that Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blankhead and New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagan were not coordinating their efforts and that he should have done more to persuade them to do so.
He suggested that the FEMA agency had gotten a bum rap because many people incorrectly believe it serves as something of a federal rapid response force.
FEMA is a coordinating agency. We're not a law enforcement agency. He said wait, wait. Now wait until you hear this. This line will just make you do wild things in your pants.
It is inherently impractical, totally impractical for the federal government to respond to every disaster of whatever size and every community across the country.
Brown said in other words, this one no thing. Every time somebody gets a hang nail, are we supposed to be there?
That's right. Stand and go to feet.
It breaks my heart to think about the disasters we respond to as FEMA and to think about the disasters we also don't respond to, he added.
Oh my god. Democrats want an independent investigation out on the control of majority Republicans largely boycotted the hearing.
At the end of the day, I suspect we'll find that government at all levels failed to people losing enemies to be an Alabama, the Gulf Coast, the Committee of Chairman Tom Davis, Republican of Virginia.
Democrats mostly boycotted because they needed just a white wash, just a bunch of crap, white will waste our time with this.
700 and 7 votes. We're not going to make 1000 today because we're not pushing for it and plus we don't have enough names on there, which we will. We got 7-11.
Let's go there. Let's go get a big gulp. WQA and hello. WQA and hello.
Yes. I was asking you know, it's probably Johnny and I just isn't on that poll.
Johnny and I just told number 19. You got a month. Thanks a lot. Thanks.
Johnny and I just how come he's not under Johnny you? Huh? Yeah. These people are compare a patent manning to a Johnny and I just need mental help.
OK. In fact, Payton man. You notice how the Colts don't score any points this season? Josh is just getting by a defense.
Are you saying that he's not good? Oh, no, he's good. He's not no Johnny and I just there's a difference between good and great. OK.
I mean, I haven't a disagree with you. You think he's a great quarterback, Payton, Sandy, Payton Manning?
I'm pretty sure he set the record for touchdown passes last year. So, so what? What did he win?
Oh, you have to win a Super Bowl to be good. Why do you have to win championships? You have to be in a big dance.
Did he go to the Super Bowl? Did he even play in the Super Bowl? No. You better learn your Johnny United's history, Mr.
because you sure don't know it. You know Jimmy York from Bobby York. You better start to getting on the Glan wagon.
You better have clearance to touchdown and give you some sports history when you have some real boring spare time when you're like watching the hospital with George C.
Scott. I'm going to go out and get it just to piss off George. All right. Yeah. I think you like it. I think you're real like it. I mean, it's a, you know, it's, I don't know.
Actually, what I'm going to do is I'm going to watch it again first myself and then I'll then I'll decide whether I'll send it and take its temperature.
Yeah. I'll stick my thermometer in there and see if it's got a fever.
WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm not in the position for the Paul being a high fan. I'm surprised Bobby Hall is there.
Bobby Hall, the old number nine. He was a man who really brought up even though it's, you know, to his peak in the late,
early, once he retired, waiting to win down. I mean, I'm a great, I won't use that. I think he was good. He could really shoot it, man.
No, and well, I don't want to hear it. But I'll probably be very popular out. Even though we use it out. He probably had a lot of work to be around.
Who is an Arnold Palmer? Yeah, he would. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's a crusty old far. We'll put him on there for Arnold Palmer and Bobby Hall. You got him?
We got his eyes are putting Arne on there. What about Jack Nicholas? He's around. We'll see. He'll give votes, especially in South Florida. He and his whole family are probably hurt for him.
You know, I don't want to go through the whole thing about golf again. It just, it's just a tremendous incredible waste of time and money and effort. You know, and the crowd is all hushed. You know, it's just, it's just a makes me nauseous.
But it kills some good time. I guess for some very bored people WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil, how about Mark Dufur 20th? How cold are they? Rick Blair?
Anybody else? No, just. Okay. Just as a can't leave those. You can't leave. I can't leave. I can't leave. I can't leave. Too many for me. Okay. We don't want to list. We want one. Make up your mind. Okay. Make up your mind. Who is your favorite all time athlete?
I couldn't give it a list. You know, I could have said a whole bunch of people Frank Mahabalic and all kind. I could have put my buddy Ray Whitney on there.
But I didn't. I voted for old Johnny Bauer because that's the ultimate answer. I could have put Francis O'Hara on there. Another old guy, a great driver with the Hazel Park in North Irland, the Wolverine race.
I had a whole Francis O'Hara bar cast a lot of tickets on a little Frank long since dead 72 man. There's an athlete not some got a wanders run on the golf course like the Tiger and Arnie and Jack Nicholas. Those blue nose a holes, but nevertheless I was good about Bobby. Hello. Let's get a bunch of hockey intensive.
Oh, hockey season. Let's get room around the phone and have a. In fact, when I go on vacation in the couple of East Georgia is going to be doing a hockey show with Jeff Rimmer every day.
Oh, WQ I am hello. Yes, I want to speak to you speaking. That's not news. It sure is. It looks like me. I just looked down at its mind. It's me. I'm teaching a lot of you.
Just another little house of going. I've been down here about 15 years now. I'll be damn. Yeah, we're done. So I will keep a space open for you just in case you change your mind. I have a joke for you. We don't do jokes. We still don't do jokes. Have you got a name for our pool? Yes, Jerry Cohen. Jerry Cohen.
Jerry Cohen. The jockey. The jockey. Yeah. Hank doesn't know who it is. Jerry Cohen. The jockey that was in Florida. Yeah, correct. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your round. How's it going? Gary Cohen. I know his brother Marty. Yeah.
Good for years. That's going to be one of the most bizarre calls because I keep. Don't let me forget tomorrow. I'm across over with Hank and bring up that thing about Gary Cohen again. Well, I'm sure it's probably not related. David Cohen was writing California now, but there he goes. But hockey and horse racing. And we told you on the pole yesterday the other day, man. We don't want to hear about hockey horse racing or homo is the three ages. No more of the three Hs. Okay. Is that what they said? Hockey was number one horse racing number two and a homo talk was number three. This is me.
Oh, I'm making a deal. I'll tell you that.
Busch took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned. I bet you've ran a second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was female.
Broken levies. FEMA was nowhere inside. FEMA. Even with warning, FEMA's boss wasn't bright. When the storm was over, water was everywhere. But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
Yeah, they beat FEMA. No, but contracts. They went to have a burden. FEMA. Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt. When it's rich people hurting. I'm dying. I'm here. FEMA.
I'm 46. You're going to pee in your pants when you hear this next thing. I would have passed along to you. Well, the second thing. First of all, I hope not because I really have to go. I should have gone to the break. Well, trust me. You will. You'll just you won't even have time to go. 745 vote. Who is your favorite? Why did you go down and pee now while I do the poll? Oh, no, it's not that bad. Oh, or just dribble on the floor there. I got the waist basket. You're all time well, probably couldn't make the smell any worse than that studio from what you tell me about that. Right. Dan marine. No 170. Nobody's going to touch Danny boy. Would it was real funky lips?
Call a Flamer Man, Dan Marino. He could play. I hate sports 123 16 and a half percent of the science just like that. They don't like it. We want it. They don't want it. We like it. They don't like it. Michael Jordan is tied with Mickey Maddo 49. Mohamed Ali 47. He's right on both their ass. They brew 31. They be rude. Willie Mase 22, Bobby or 22 19 Wayne Gresski 15 Larry Bird 13 Tom Brady, old number 12 is that 12 Roberto Clemente. Lancer Armstrong. Bob Reese
He attacked a woods 11 apiece magic Johnson and Murray Lemieux 10 apiece. OJ Simpson's got nine. Maddogs got eight. All right. Yogi and the dick. Buck is six apiece Jim Brown five.
James Jackson. I don't know. I guess you said I got the Josh. I called in. I put it on. Hulk Hogan. The guy called in with like 900 votes. I heard like three of them. Oh, I say it was one of them. Tony. You're said. These are all have none. Tony. You're said. Mark Dupor. That's another one. He said Arnold Palmer. Bobby Hall. Rocky Marcy.
How about Rob Marcy? I know I vote for him. Joe Rose Terry Bradshaw John. Matthew Roger Clemens. Jim Thorpe and Brian Piccolo. All of got the big. That's kind of surprising. No votes for Terry Bradshaw. Isn't it? Why? Why is that surprise? Because you want to hold much of Super Bowl.
Even when he's ever been taught us with the Steelers. We're here in Florida. They don't have any Steelers fans down here. The hell they don't. I haven't seen any. Your mama. No, she wasn't one.
Anyway, here's the thing that it was going to make you just you're maybe already know about it about kiss. No, what about it? Oh, here we go. Hang on tight. Hold on loosely.
Looking to immerse yourself in that Southern Rebel country music. No. South Florida's country music station WK ISFM. Kiss 99.9 is launching this week.
A high definition radio station that will carry a mighty cry of what Kiss Marketing Director Sandy Sloan calls a hell yeah attitude. Hell yeah.
Yeah, like that. With this format, you're just rocking out the whole time. Flo and said we'll be playing a lot of that Southern rock that doesn't have a real niche songs. You want to hear but can't find in South Florida.
Well, that covers a lot of territory because if you can't find a song in South Florida, that means that something anybody want to hear. So we're going to be having a lot of Molly Hatchett.
Well, I'm going to tell you right now that's Traction likes of the almond brothers van Charlie Daniels van Leonard skitter Travis Tritt Toby Keith.
And thanks for being a junior. Kiss plays more mainstream country to a tomb Sloan set. Whatever I don't know what that means called Gretchen 99.9 the HD station is inspired by the South title of Redneck Woman Gretchen Wilson was released in the latest album all jacked up this week.
Is that question Wilson? No, it's not a kid. Oh, they're in skimmer. I can't hear.
No, I don't want to hear it. I like learning skimmer. Just fine.
Yeah, it's okay. Are they still dead? By the way, the guys have died in the crack. Yes.
The station owned by Naples based Beasley Broadcast Group is one of some 200 HD outlets across the country, including Beasley's Power 96's Dancers and Electronic Station and National Public Radio Affiliate WLRNFM's 91.3 Classical Music Station.
HD is cutting it cutting in technology that offers crystal queer CD quality sound, but the signal can only be captured if you have a special HD receiver.
Anybody out there got one. HD receivers costing some 250 to 600 bucks are stated to be widely available for this holiday season.
Gretchen 99.9 will be streamed live on kiss.com is what was over the ear on HD to 99.9. Well, what does it mean? HD to I don't know.
I guess that's somefangled HD talk. We don't know because we don't got no HD radio. And of course we're like digital stereo something here on AM, but nobody there is nobody alive who's got one of those receivers.
So we still sound like like that like all the time AM radio. We're kicking it old style. We're middle digital digital is that it middle digit. Yeah.
So what's the story on that tombstone you got? We want to encourage my head. I think it's a death threat.
I'm going to take it home and use it for Halloween. One of those. I mean, what is it? It's a tombstone. It's a it's a motion activated tombstone. And when you move in front of it.
And they sound. Yeah. I think it even just in the right spot. It goes like that. WC.com. Hello. Now we can get a good.
Not definition. Yeah, there you go. Hey, in future of brain surgeon. Why don't you have Richard Penny on that pole? All right.
See ya. Richard Penny. Yeah.
One race car drivers golfers are athletes. Then so race car drivers. I got news for a man race car drivers are held a lot more athletic than golfers.
Even guys that play bad mid in our more athletic than golfers soccer players. When we got pale on there. They were just about any any sporting type activity or game.
You can think of even guys that play monopoly are I think are more athletic than golf poker. That's the habit on ESPN. It must be a sport. There you go. If you like her poker.
70 Q a.m. Hello. How you doing? Pretty good. Pally. I got one for your poll. This phone air from an error where you could beat up a white person. But you couldn't date one in Jackson.
Jackson. All right. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. We'll see you in a good old run or just hanging. Wow. 5 6 7 0 5 6.
We get a lot of we get 50,000 names on here. Let's put every athlete. How about Joe Pempetone? Huh? What about?
I was trying to think of that obscure name that I hit. How about Jerry Lumpy and Norm Sebring? Huh? How about Gus Zurniel?
How about there was a baseball player named Zeke and I can't think of what his last name was. He played either for the Washington Center. I think for the Washington Center is Zeke.
Although I was Gus Zurniel's nickname Zeke, but there was actually a guy named Zeke. Somebody will know and Josh will say, oh yeah, remember that.
5 6 7. You better own up on this stuff, man, because someday you might get like one of those shows all the way down to like on Jeopardy.
And you can pick ancient the jocks from the dark ages. You know, Bob Musel from the 1927 Yankees begin in 27.
The World Champion 27 Yankees. That's the year that the baby Ruth at 60 home runs by the way. 1927. You know that? I didn't. Now you know it. See?
Not even one o'clock yet. You're learning fantastic, Oracle stuff here that someday might make you a lot of money, but I really doubt it. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm doing I'm torn between a crane pool and gump warsly.
That's a tough spot to be in. You don't have to choose. We'll put them both on there. We'll put them both on there.
I have a good one. Mark Crainful. Those are the horrible myths back in the days when the myths were really a joke. I'll look quite frankly nowadays again.
And gump warsly WOR SLY. In fact, he had a radio station's colliders with the first three letters of the gumpers name. Gump warsly.
And Ed Crainful. Ed Crainful. How about Eddie Jackman? Those are the kind of hockey players that Mepho talks about like in a distant past. That's Mepho's hockey knowledge. Ed Crain, Ed Jackman and Gump warsly. That's it.
How about Eddie Jack? What do you say? What do you think? How about Gora? Here's one for serious Gordy Howe.
A2WE. Howe now, Brown. So that's what they say to Oprah. What do you think? Gordy Howe? Okay. Now, please don't tell me you never heard a Gordy Howe, Josh.
I have. Jesus. Okay. What do you know? Why? Yeah, he's heard about Jesus. He was over there typing. You know, the mics, no, we're here. Yeah. He would know Gordy Howe from Howe and Marin's from Johnny Dolan's.
Anyway, let me say it again as a warning. It's a public service to the audience. If the movie, the anniversary party comes to a cable network near you or if anybody offers to set you or loan you or just give you the DVD, just say, FAT and throw it back at him.
Do not watch it. It highly touted again. A piece of garbage. That's not an opinion. That's a fact. It is morbid. It's depressing. It doesn't go anywhere. It just goes on much, much too long nearly two hours of crap.
And guess what? The dog comes back home in the end. Oh boy. Somebody had happy ending. Yeah. No, it did not. That's why all this other source was going on inside and the dog comes back and he sniff it around like, you know, that's it.
And then the credits come on and you say, that's it. That's what I wasted almost two hours of my well actually two and a half hours of the commercials of my life on this commercial piece of garbage. Yeah, it was on some one of those where they have commercials.
Like IFCs got commercials. Although it was not IFC. They would never show anything that bad. Anyway, here's a future poll suggestion, but I know we've done this many times. If I could get that out of South Florida, I would live in the New York. We've done that, right? Yes, we appreciate all the poll suggestions that one night we've done before.
And the one we're doing today was never done before. Believe me. We've done your favorite South Florida athlete, but never done just like generic, just in general. Anybody in the world like, like maybe Harold Parker or Howard Parker, you and you're in senior, right?
And what about Brian Sears for Christ's sake? This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69.
So this is on it. If not a tumor, it's the one to two hour coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. If you look up hair band in the dictionary, you'll see these bushy little mothers. They were poisoned.
We've had that loser. I mean the guy from poison in here many times. She's in turtleneck host the open mic porch tonight at the grounds for divorce coffee house. It gives him something to do, you know, since the record stuff selling and the groupie stopped polishing his knob.
Every rose has its thorn and in much the same way every night has its dawn. Let us not forget that it is also analogous to the notion that every cowboy sings a sad, sad song.
Thank you. Spurred on by the guy from poison. Other hard rock acts have hit the coffeehouse circuit like the guy from quiet riot. Come on and few the noise.
And once you have felt the noise now would be the time of your girl to proceed with rocking your boys. What we do in this instance is get wild wild wild.
But some metalists have found the transition difficult. They just rock too hard for the coffeehouse circuit as evidenced by the guy from iron maiden.
Oh god.
And the guy from poison in here is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a
man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man
who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a woman who is a man who is a man who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a man who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a woman who is a woman who are the women who are the women who are the woman who are the woman who are the AMAS meetups are an idiot who are specialists who go to the gym and the HIV news and the baby is using her hair and the baby is using her shoes and followed them the baby
You put him on there, baby.
OK, Dale Murphy and Theo Flerry.
Hey, Theo.
You fairy.
Dale Murphy.
Well, I'd say to one thing, he was one hell of a player
and man, did he look good or what?
Dale Murphy.
Oh, he drank too much milk to satisfy me.
He was married yet a wife, all the other stuff.
But I can't imagine he ever said the F word.
I actually disturbed a little of I'm sure he did.
But I was a little bit disturbed by people who
tend to come off as being like Pat Boone, you know?
Two goody two shoes.
And then when the chips were done, and Pat Boone was doing
like heavy metal music to try to pedal an album,
because he was so desperate for cash,
that's the kind of hypocrite you deal with there.
Hey, Pat, you idiot.
You, uh, you fairy.
Now, how's that old Boone in the box coming, Pat?
Looks like an acorn to me.
5, 6, 7, Otters, Lion Lion again.
This might be from Jojo.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
I've got one for your poll.
And where are you calling from, say, sir?
Dubuque, Iowa.
Dubuque, Iowa.
Oh, my God.
Where the real guys are.
Yeah, you got it.
Hey, Bob Feller.
Bob Feller, great Cleveland Indians right, Handler.
You got it.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Thank you.
Bob Feller.
You got it.
Was he a nice fellow?
He was a good fellow.
1948, I think the Indians won a pen of thanks to Bob Feller.
And then he was part of that great Indians pitching staff
in 54-bunny won a pen.
Early win in Bob Lemone and Mike Garcia and Bob Feller.
And I like that.
All right.
I got that.
And that's part again of my knowledge of useless crap
that I wish I could get rid of just clutters up my brain,
you know, like a day of raining Johnny Sain.
And itty Low Pat and Whitey Ford and Allie Reynolds,
the Chief.
I bet you Josh, that was all about those 54 Yankees
and engines, don't you?
Bob Yafila, Irvina.
Oh, yeah.
WQIN, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Today you mentioned that he swimmers like you're a Mark Spitz.
He's on there.
He's on there.
He's on there.
He's swimming.
He's drilling for dollars now, Mark Spitz.
That was a pretty good looking guy, Mark Spitz.
He's got a wife and a family.
He's a dentist now.
He's drilling it in the teeth too.
No, that means he tells everyone to spit.
Mark Spitz, probably a good idea.
Rinsen then.
He has a mustache.
That's when a lot of the little piece of trivia
for you are there.
Everybody knows about Mark Spitz.
He was a great swimmer.
And he's also a good Jewish boy there too.
I do like that.
As opposed to bad Jewish boy like Meyer Landsky.
Meyer Landscape.
Hey, he was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
Don't be knocking Meyer Landsky, man.
Don't be knocking Hyman Roth.
He old, the old Yiddeloth there on the beach
used to like Hyman Roth.
I mean, Meyer Landscape.
He used to walk his dog in Collins Avenue
and he was a very nice man.
And then of course, remember that thing
that happened at the forge that time?
Just isolated incident.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Let me sit again.
Yes, sir.
Keep going.
He's history.
Hello, I think he just expired.
That was probably the funeral home
call on the other end to make arrangements.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
I got some for the call.
OK.
Sandy Kofax.
Sandy Kofax.
Now we're talking about a good Jewish country.
Thanks.
Thank you.
No, I'm right.
Thank you.
All right, man.
Sandy Kofax wouldn't pitch on you.
I'm Kipper.
Now what did Hank say that next to the is Russia Sharma?
It's the New Year.
A New Year.
OK.
The St.
Karm and the St.
Speaking of Nazis, man, I bet your,
I bet your Rumsfeld's got his plans there.
He's got some devious plans.
He has those.
Yeah, he's going to call his friend the exterminator.
He knows the terminator, but he'd rather call
in the exterminator.
Man, oh, man.
In fact, they just had that thing about, was Hitler gay.
I told you about that movie two nights ago that I watched.
And they showed some of the footage of the Nuremberg.
When I was in Nuremberg trials, it was footage
of Hitler making one of his speeches.
And there was Hermann Gehring in the back.
Well, I think a little, if Rumsfeld put on about 10 pounds
and put on his SS boots that I'm sure he marches around
within private, there is a clone.
You might sense in my name, the right smash of Gehring.
Take the glasses off, put on about 10 pounds,
and put on that outfit, you know,
all the stripes in the start.
And there's Hermann Gehring,
goof stepping around into your life.
Murderer, Rumsfeld, you murderer, you butcher.
Security forces.
You nincompope, you idiot, you neo-con lunatic.
Why don't you look with Bill, what's his name?
Tells his name from the National Review, that lunatic.
Oh, Crystal, okay.
Is that what you think it is?
That's not his name.
I know Bill is.
That's one of them.
That's the one I'm talking about.
Bill Crystal, whose daddy was the head of the neo-con
moving one of the founders, one of the movers
and shakers, he's shaking it.
And I shaken, and they put him on,
Chris Matthews puts him on the other day.
He's got that half hour show on a weekend,
on either CNBC or one of those, Chris Matthews.
Who's he got on a pulled Bill Crystal?
neo-con lunatic.
Tell us about how everything's going so great in Iraq.
I'm dying on the moon.
Yeah, you butcher, you, oh brother.
They have to take Richard Pearl, Bill Crystal,
this one here, Rumsfeld, and Dick Cheney,
all of those people ought to be in federal prison right now.
Talk about the Neuron Bird trials.
I say, let's bring it back again, okay?
They're talking about one of those faith-based prisons.
Let's do it again, Geneva, New York,
these Geneva trials, forget about Neuron Bird.
Much of crowds there anyway.
WCWAM, hello.
Yeah, one for the whole?
Yes, sir.
Peter North.
Okay, yeah, he was pretty athletic.
WCWAM, hello.
Yeah, neo.
Yes, sir.
I'm going from the Metro Bay, Gail,
and we all choose Josecenseco, that was favorite.
Yeah.
I want to ask you a question.
It's true that Roxie and Goldie
are going to be calling the Panthers game.
That's...
Yeah.
Okay, put right ahead.
Put right ahead.
Josecenseco, put him on in good votes.
I've actually had a vote for him now that she's off of...
She's off of Raffi's bandwagon.
Oh, Raffi, you're so wonderful.
We're so proud of you.
Yeah, right.
Let's do the hearings over again, sweetheart.
And let's put Mark McGuire on her to say it,
but it would be...
Yeah.
I'm not going to talk about the past.
That would be like...
That would be like...
The Nuremberg trials.
So we aren't going to talk about the past.
The past is the past, you know?
Yeah.
What kind of crap is that?
He's talking to me in the garden.
I'll be a fucking show on the pool of the party.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Look at this.
The newer rack is on the path toward freedom of democracy.
It says, Hermann Gary Rumsfeld.
Oh, brother, you idiot.
You're fair.
Who now do you think you're talking to?
And I'll say it again, the media, the war...
There's no war going on.
There's nobody dying.
All these stories that I find on these various websites.
There's nothing on CNN, MSNBC, nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
All we see is water in the streets, in Louisiana,
in Texas, and Alabama, and Mississippi,
and places like that.
And that's always the hurricanes.
Nothing at all going on, having to do with people dying
and blushing and I'll say it again.
I just read an article.
I think I just emailed it for tomorrow to a judge
about the fact that Baghdad is without power most of the day now.
And all these poor bastards are over there in the dark.
There's no power.
Yeah.
But everything.
And of course, maybe the media would say,
oh, we don't have any power either.
Right, Yamama, who are you?
They can be shown as live pictures right now
of the bloodshed and the grotesque stuff going on over there.
But they don't want to because it's bad for business.
Just like we can't show those flag-graped caskets coming back
from Germany.
Right.
12 minutes after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hey, Chuck Alphierry says he better talk about it this hour than last.
In fact, since I started doing this spot last hour,
probably a few more follicles fell out.
Wouldn't you think?
I'm sure they did.
Chuck Alphierry's been helping the famous and not so famous guys
look their best for over 30 years now.
About 30 minutes.
Because Charlie's got the best looking hair going anywhere in the world.
There are a lot of hair pieces that are wigs.
There are a piece.
And you can tell by looking at them and they're ridiculous.
Anybody can tell it's a muskweb on the head.
It looks like a dead barnyard animal.
It looks like a bunch of straw got stuck in the holes in your head.
But Charlie's created the best, the most natural system in the world.
His new skin-like hair system, the natural hair line system is 100%
undetectable.
Looks like real hair growing out of your scalp.
And that's the difference.
It'll make you look years younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
Whether you're like 25 or 105.
And Charlie's work is guaranteed.
You have nothing to lose but that shiny reflective bald spot.
It tried Charlie's system for a month, for 30 days.
Fought 30, man.
After a month, if you don't know how the way it looks and feels.
And if you're not getting laid like 40, 50, 60 times that they were at least.
Fought 30, man.
Sometimes that they return it for a full refund.
Make the call today, tell Charlie you heard about it here on the MeeRoger.
Show me your special QAM, $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the best in the world natural hair line system.
Call tool free, 1-800-321-2413.
Be sure and tell me that Troy Scrantford told you to call.
They will just pee in their pants laughing.
1-800-321-2413, run the Wicked Web, it's Charles Alphiorey.com.
This is MeeRoger.
This is 560-Q-A-A.
Hey, Goldberg.
We're deemording 7-10.
What's Davis, former Browns coach, former University of Miami coach?
Go, Davis.
What do you think the biggest problem was that you had up in Cleveland?
I don't think we have the shows in our lungs.
You know, I made some mistakes.
There's some things that I wish that I would have done, definitely.
You know, the old story about the Cup of being bare from the standpoint.
You were basically kind of somewhere starting from scratch.
And in two years after we get into the playoffs,
then we've got to have a $25 million salary kept,
and I can tell you that that probably one single thing
destroyed all the credibility that you have as a coach in the locker room.
Wake up with a hammer.
We did for 7-10.
Only us, 420-560-Q-A-A-M.
All the craft you could unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
Oh, honey, this is so blurry.
I know, it's okay.
It's a little bit up, but we're okay.
Thanks to the coastline.
I am the port in the storm.
The slick is contained.
You make keywires so slippery.
Roger that.
I am the line in the sand.
And I have sand stuck in every nuked and cranny in my body.
Oh, I got you.
Hang on.
Okay, take this off.
I am the rescuer in the dark.
I am the enforcer of the seas.
I am naked.
I lied to you.
I'm in container 38.
Everything is secure.
Good work, Garcia.
Now, what are you wearing?
To become one of us called Soul Free.
1877, don't ask, don't tell.
Or visit gocoscard.com.
We of the United States Coast Guard.
The United States Coast Guard and Coast Guard deserve it.
A shield, a freezing.
We're kind of like the Navy except we like to dance backwards.
Sponsored by the US Coast Guard in cooperation with the station.
Hey, say hi.
17 at 5.60 W.D. Fume.
Now, some people would say, well, I got that thing on there now with the general and with Rumsfeld on it.
And then that's propaganda.
That's not news about Iraq.
That thing.
It's just a proper propaganda.
Anyway, wait a year.
This bad news again for Florida.
There's some bad stuff going on there.
It's not bad enough that Keese is going to hate me.
And let me just say they used to be about Keese.
Okay, we don't care about Keese or about power.
We want you to listen to QAM.
Or everybody on QAM.
We want you to keep it on 25 hours a day, eight days a week.
Because it means money to us.
Okay, if you like us, you'll keep it on.
Even during shows, you can't do it.
Keep it on.
Mark it down.
And we definitely don't want to...
We sure don't want you to listen to that 790 crap because we'll do anything to hurt them.
Right, Joel?
Am I right?
I'm not.
You idiot.
You quizzling.
You weakling.
You simpleing...
You fairy.
Braindent beats.
The red tide blooming has played the Southwest load of coast for most of the year.
It's chasing away tourists this fall.
Business owners and tourism officials said Braindent beats.
Well, you know what?
Hubman Dread.
The toxic algae has left loads of stinky dead faces on beaches.
Makes it hard for people to breathe.
It's prompted early checkouts and cancellations at hotels and tourist hotspots such as
Annamaria Island near Braindent and Santa Belen, and Keptiva islands off forward mayors.
Well, like I said, Hubman Dread.
That will teach all of us to go over there to those stupid islands, right?
Right.
These businesses' business owners are concerned that it could reduce their tourist traffic
as they gear up for the busy winter season.
This is definitely a bad thing since Steve Greenstein.
Aha!
Executive director of the Santa Belen, Keptiva Island, St. Robert Commerce.
Like I said, but September is traditionally a light month for occupancy.
If the red tide continues to the season, no, it could mean economic ruin.
Ruin!
How do you like that?
At Braindent and Beach on Annamaria Island, Lyndon Johnson, who owns
Funnets, Son, and Paracel said the stench has been almost unbearable.
Just like the QM studios there.
Saturday we came to work and the beach in the bay were just filled with dead fish.
He said every kind of fish, eels, blowfish, grouper.
They've laid their dead for three days.
You could walk on it.
You wouldn't believe the stench.
Mary Ann Brockman, executive director of Annamaria Island Chamber of Commerce.
She's received complaints from tourists.
We hear visitors saying, what is that?
Why can't I breathe?
So what's causing it?
In some other words, the West Coast is Florida.
We've been putting it for a long time.
Stinks.
Okay.
It stinks over there.
Am I right?
I haven't been there for a long time.
I was saying, with or without the fish, I'm not talking about this.
I'm not talking about aroma.
I'm talking about ambiance.
It stinks.
Of course, the beesle is being over there.
I think, oh, there's General Myers.
Okay, but a bee, but a boop, but a boop.
Yeah, right.
Keep lying, baby.
Keep lying.
You decide you want to give active beauty forces law enforcement authority.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, you see they're not even talking about Iraq.
They're talking about putting the military, which they should have done.
And the first place is bringing the military in.
The ten members of the troops that aren't in Iraq.
Am I right or what?
Well, yeah.
When you have a major catastrophe happening, you're called in the military.
You're called an every available body is what you do.
And I still wonder how those connect those connect guys under those raw Canadian mountains.
How they got there first before the day of local authorities.
They probably want.
Got all mighty WDQ.A.M. Hello.
Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
I have one for you both today.
I'm sure you do. Go ahead.
How about Hank Greenberg?
Hank Greenberg.
What's, you must be an old timer.
I'm an old timer.
A real old timer.
Okay, thanks a lot, Kelly.
Thank you, buddy.
He was no Hank Goldberg, by the way, Hank Greenberg.
Hank Greenberg, great slugger.
Detroit Tigers, I believe, Hank Greenberg.
I don't even remember.
Wasn't he?
Josh?
Yeah.
You were Google, Google and Hank Greenberg.
He wasn't.
You were wrong.
Detroit.
Oh, how do you know that?
I've heard.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, what about the, there's so many.
You know, this poll is kind of ridiculous because there's so many.
And of course, Danny Boyd beat all of these other great athletes.
What does that tell you, huh?
What does that tell you?
I'm going to put on Joe Marsh Jr.
Okay.
Put him on what?
The poll.
Okay.
He's 100 years old.
He's still alive, by the way.
Son, right?
See, one thing about harness racing, it's a family business.
And you go from one generation to another.
There's Ronnie Marsh and there's all these other sons and daughters.
There is always the great gene series, for example.
Call of Fame.
Dead, then it was a son J. Sears, my good friend J.
A pompadopark, who couldn't drive his finger up here.
No, it was, but nevertheless, taught his son well, Brian.
Best driver in the world.
Put Brian's series on there right now.
Okay.
The best in the world.
Nice going, Brian.
See you leave me know what I'm talking about, do you?
Yeah, I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
I'm going to stop him.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
Good way.
He's got to choose pairs.
And Randy Molder.
If anybody knows that, hangs out in that locker room.
Randy L. foods here.
He's got to let Allan go.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'162-rafs.
And Neil Rogers.
Oh, .
Foromina.
Foridiere dzia.
on my knee while they died in Louisiana.
I raised passionately, O.K.
Polka, Trina, don't put no blame on me
as I come from navigation for a photo-overcune at sea.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now build a little swimming through the warless town.
Swing to the left to the right.
Here we go. Swing a little mud top, there was a dope.
Polka, Trina, why didn't those people clean?
To the farce in Louisiana then it is more Iraqi.
I think it was if you didn't do a bad number of your pants before you will know.
This is some of the most ridiculous news I have ever heard.
The ultimate, the dumbing down of America, man.
If you like him as benefit or you love him as Benador, it says,
in Washington Post.
Yeah, guess who's being counted is the next senator from Virginia.
Let me give you one clue.
You fairy.
Okay.
Does that narrow it down?
Well, enough.
That's the hot new idea being tossed around by Virginia Democrats
who are desperately searching for a big name to challenge the reelection bit of rising
to EOP star senator George Allen next year.
Now that outgoing governor Mark Warner is ducked out, why who should it happen to be pondering a move
to Thomas Jefferson County, but a certain square job, medium-maggot,
with a taste for liberal politics and millions to spend on it, then Affleck,
the star of Jeannie and the JLo tabrimance romance,
and all sorts of horrible movies, happily settled with Alia star Jennifer Garner.
Anybody buy that?
No.
No.
I think maybe he was settled with Earl Stanley Garner.
Wow.
The couple expecting their first child, you see that they're expecting their first child,
doesn't that prove it to you?
Okay, whatever.
Have been shopping for real estate around Charlottesville, British tabloids,
claim it's a done deal, and the, let's see, the Washington Posts will only go so far
as the report that they checked out at least one country estate a few weeks ago.
It was about that time that party officials started batting Affleck's name around.
It spread pretty widely, at least in the political underground,
University of Professor, a Virginia professor Larry Sabato, kind of a name is that.
Larry Saturday, sure whatever.
Virginia Spirupundit told Michael to share the post-Ritchman correspondent.
That would be like Dwight Lauderdale, like Placeiro Domingo.
Right.
Another name on the wish list, blockbuster legal thriller writer John Grisham,
but the central Virginia farmhouse owner who gave generously Democrats to the district
and the Mississippi legislature has brushed off past the overtures.
In truth, the Democrats are less concerned with beating Ellen and slowing them down.
Both he and Warner are in the 2008 presidential race.
How do you like that?
Benner, Benner, but he's very down making babies over.
Oh, yeah, we believe that.
Hey, Ben.
You're fairies.
Maybe he's making babies with Tom Cruise.
They're working on this anyway.
A bigger issue besides his sexuality, whatever that might be.
The fact that he has no talent.
Yeah, and he's just a dollar.
Yeah.
I would suggest all of these things.
How many votes have we got?
900 and something now?
885.
Well, we're certainly going to go past 900.
Which is good because you know, a lot of people aren't going to vote because it's sports.
They're just not going to say, well, we don't like sports.
They won't even make the effort to do that.
Or maybe their favorite athlete is none here because you and I are talking too much.
Well, let's stop that.
Well, okay.
Well, let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and four o'clock.
WDQA, I'm the famous line nine.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'll talk to our call about CSNELS, though, that.
Think about Michael Brown, the Congress.
Did I see it?
I see it.
Yeah, man.
See him running away from all those games.
He said better than I was.
Everybody else's fault.
Right.
It's all the local politicians.
He didn't have nothing to do with that.
They had to string his ass up as what they ought to do.
Hey, scum.
Hey, man.
Nice call, Pally.
In fact, we want to apologize to all the real scum in the world because he's lower than that.
On the human food chain.
On the subhuman food chain.
Old Brownie.
He said his guy is down to make $32 an hour.
Now, no one has ever paid $32 an hour before the storm.
So now is the time for the people to go back and make some of that money so they can billy on houses back together.
So they could be poor to that re-billing group.
Yeah.
And what did you say to that?
Amen, brother.
Go to the photo.
Oh, okay.
Will you tell me what he said in the knowledge and what I think?
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, you forgot one for the poll.
Well, we've probably forgot about 500.
What do you got?
Bruce Lee, man.
Bruce Lee, right.
Oh, Bruce Lee, man.
Uh, wow.
Look at that.
This guy's name is Mark DeVorack.
I wonder if he's kind of a, uh, a red active or act, rat attack, rat attack.
You know, Chris Moore, I hate to break the news to you, Chris.
But this is the guy that went on the ear and said, I don't think Neil Rogers ever be on QAM.
Almost eight years now, sweetheart.
Kick an ass.
How you doing, Chris?
You, you, you silly person.
See, I shouldn't know right off the bat when the Booster came to me one time at a game and says to me, uh, oh, well, Chris Moore, I told him what a piece of crappy was.
Oh, he, uh, you know, he's doing NHL hockey.
He used to do the New Jersey Devils.
I said, so what is that prove?
I said there are a lot of horrible people doing play by play.
What does that prove?
Uh, I don't know.
That's the Booster, your close personal friend, Josh.
I understand that two of you are like kind of like falling in different directions.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
You're having a falling out.
Where's that you in Roxy?
Or you in, uh, ridd?
Now, let me ask you this.
Since this is the last week of the Marlin season, obviously.
These are the last few games that you can have a little hiatus for several months.
Uh, is Rich Waltz going to be coming back and do the games on TV again next year?
We can only pray the answer is no.
We pray, please, please come to your senses.
No, he should be coming back.
Why?
I don't know.
I mean, I haven't heard any other.
What do you mean he should be coming back?
Well, I haven't heard otherwise.
Based on talent, based on the fact that Jim Sarni's got his head up his ass.
Based on the fact that very Jack asks is afraid to really rip him to the ass he deserves.
He is unqualified.
You know that he's pathetic.
He is pathetic.
He makes the event boring sound like Mel Allen.
Like a combination of Bob Prince, Mel Allen and Harry Carriel rolled into one.
Rich Waltz.
He sounds like a little like a about a 12 year old kid with a microphone sitting in a basement somewhere with an old
web core tape recorder pretending to give a baseball broadcaster.
He's awful.
He is totally, in fact, he's like the brownie of a South Florida.
He's like Michael Brown.
He is unqualified.
Unqualified.
Or something.
I know you got another week of hanging around with those guys.
You just have to continue keeping mom.
What's the seasons over though you can rip him a ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, unless you really think he's doing a hell of a good job.
I really don't know.
I don't want to pull words in your mouth because I know you ripped Jimmy Cifalus real bad.
Well, does there really still?
Exactly.
Just like Rich Waltz.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
One for the pole.
Okay.
What is it?
Let me chat.
Go ahead, say it.
Just Muhammad Ali.
No.
Muhammad Ali is the 53 votes.
But don't say it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You know that Joseph Kackie goes into foam boost and comes out as brother Mike Lance.
Wow.
Yeah, my, my, my.
I should kick that one.
That was quite a revelation.
Okay.
Okay.
And thing for that one.
Yeah.
Somebody QAM.
I guess he doesn't need the glasses though.
QAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, I know it's a little late to show but I was wondering if I could make a request.
Yeah.
Can you play that with Paul Harvey where he's telling the joke about the two guys on the farm?
No problem.
The widow.
Thank you.
All right.
The two guys on the farm with the widow.
You know the one he's talking about?
Yes.
The widow joke.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Jack decides to go skiing with his body bob.
They load up Jack's station wagon and head north after driving a few hours.
They get caught in a terrible blizzard.
They pull into a nearby farmhouse and ask the attractive lady of the house if they can spend the night.
Well, I'm recently widowed.
She explains and I'm afraid the neighbors would talk if I let you stay in the house.
Not to worry, Jack says.
We'll be happy to sleep in the barn.
Well, nine months later, Jack gets a letter from the widow's attorney.
He calls his friend, Bob, and says, do you remember that good looking widow at the farm we stayed at?
Well, yes, I do.
Well, did you happen to get up in the middle of the night, go into the house and make love to her?
Yes, I have to admit I did.
Well, did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name?
Bob's face turns red and he says, yes, I'm afraid I did.
To which Jack says, well, thanks a lot, Jack says.
You just died and left me your farm.
Paul Harvey, good day.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Good.
It's out.
No, it's not out.
It's smack it.
This is bang on it.
Smack it.
It's definitely done.
Tweet it.
Wait, wait, wait.
See?
Buts and Borking.
Absolutely.
Abu Garib.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stuffs the people in the Astridone like Kato.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
He's had funding for their levies.
Looters called Zane and our key.
In a room, we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway,
One white girl we drained a lake.
I've even asked for help from the Navy, see you.
I'm tired of here.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Grum.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
For the half to send their film crew to Sparrow.
My number 19 votes and I pull.
And our buddy Wayne, remember Wayne from the Appaction Days at WIOD?
Of course.
Wayne wants to move in with George or Josh as what he's saying.
He can't move in with me because he can't afford to get up here plus I don't want him.
But he says, what about Barry Sanders for the pull for Christ's sakes?
And he's still looking for a place to hang out.
Remember he wanted to move in with me and hang out for a while.
And here it is how many years later now.
I might still have a border all these years later.
I don't want you to take it personally Wayne because the answer was no then.
It was still being on off J.C.
Who was at I.O.D. in those same days?
Did he want to move in with me?
I wanted it.
The answer would have been yes.
But that's another story.
Remember J.C.?
I wanted it.
And what about J.P.?
What about it?
But the hair.
The hairy one.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't overlooking it.
I didn't.
I didn't.
Yeah.
I probably want to follow.
He's gone.
Actually, he called me and left the message one time.
He was sucking around.
I forget that.
I didn't return the call.
He was off in school somewhere in Gatorland or someplace like that.
Yeah.
But while Wayne is still around, that's interesting.
Let's get Barry Sanders on the right away for Wayne.
And Josh has no problem.
You can move in with him in his new place.
Now I'm good.
No.
What about your orange?
I think it's hard.
Wayne needs a place to stay.
Oh, Wayne.
Have a special place for him.
Really?
Yes.
Right here.
Oh, welcome.
Here's line 9 again.
Q.A.M.
And you all got a good song about weed, man.
How do I send it into it?
Is it?
Okay.
Okay.
Send it into us.
Somebody, Q.A.M.
Hello.
Put it in the intercoastal and floated down to us.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, please.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah, I have one for you, Paul, today.
Okay.
Let's go back to George Micke.
George Micke.
He just died not through that one, didn't he?
He just died not that long ago.
Oh, not too long ago.
Yeah.
I'd love you, sir, buddy.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
George Micke, with a Minnesota, what was the name of that team?
I should ask him the old Minnesota OGs basketball player.
He was a great pastor.
George Micke.
He was great.
And we could probably also put a cliffhagen and Bob headed on there
and people like that.
And then for people from Rochester, we could put Arnie Ryzen and Bobby Wanzer.
I'm just kidding about those, by the way.
But George Micke belongs on there.
Not the Minnesota Timberwolves, but way, way, way back then when they originally had their first team.
What was the name of that?
In fact, Google a George Micke, an M.I.K.A.M.
please, Josh, he's Googleing it.
And see what it sees, what the name of that team was.
I can't believe I can't remember that.
I'm sure that's so who was.
W.D.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Hey, guys, could you speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, what's up, Paul?
How are you doing, Pally?
Good, I got two requests.
Can you tell me that one bit where the guy calls in about Mose, Hairpiece?
OK.
And can I call somebody to do Shag?
Ah!
I hit it four times there.
Well, you can't say D-bag anymore, sir.
We just had a joycee here.
Right.
We can't say D-bag.
We can say it's Indie-bag.
Can we say that?
And we can also say...
The doctor that performed the surgery on J.F.E.L.R. Stump.
Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your C.P.E.L.
It's the doctor who performed the surgery.
Let's think about that.
What's the thing?
Blind?
Even a doctor?
Yeah.
I don't know who you...
You've enjoyed Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Are you not sure what you're doing?
I'm not sure where you went.
Did you go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that...
The doctors can't tell how long James will be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere in...
At least a month could be up to eight weeks somewhere in there.
Wally on the wall with your IQM.
When Geltie left that little shmerk of going there, it's like...
I think that was the beginning of the end for those two.
That was when he started being on the outside of the whole deal.
At any rate, five, six, seven...
We'll get a few more names on here.
It's sad that we don't have...
We should have every athlete we ever played on here.
There are so many great ones.
You don't think we left off?
But against your favorite.
How about Bob Poozy?
COUSY.
Bob Poozy, all those Saltic fans, huh?
I mean, if we got...
What's his name on here?
Who else do we have?
One of the basketball beside Michael.
You got Larry Bird on there.
Larry Bird.
That's what I meant.
If we got the obnoxious Larry Bird on there, and certainly Bob Poozy, who by the way cannot speak.
Have you ever heard Bob Poozy talk?
Yes, it's not good.
He does the color on the cello, I mean, how...
How speak the...
I don't know.
I mean, some people would call him an accident or an affectation.
I just say he cannot speak.
Bob Poozy, which makes him perfect just like Lenny Martez to be on the radio.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
They play like men and they look like women.
Here we go.
Men are again.
But there's a season that still cow on shame.
Cooking hell and chill for all you.
Let's see a million bucks if you grab victory.
There's a stuff to run as the Bible records like all the rest.
Where the gay guy baller and a hearty.
Yeah.
Oh, I love it.
Now there's the vibe of this.
They both see the end.
They're all staring at the light and conniving.
Wonder who will I put on laughing?
Now try your all.
There's a crowd watching up in the sea.
There's a new survival.
Okay, so I'm gonna say Minneapolis Lakers.
Am I right?
I didn't look it up.
Yes.
Yeah, the Lakers.
That's where the Lakers were before the New York Times.
I mean, I didn't play for the Lakers.
I didn't know where Minneapolis Lakers were before anybody was born.
Except me, I was born.
But anyway, that's the deal with George Micke.
Anyway, we asked today who is your all-time favorite athlete?
And I'm sure we could add like thousands more on here, like all for crying out loud.
Bobby Richardson and Gilmick Dougal and Tony Kubak and Joe Pepitone and Joe Collins and Eddie Robinson
and all the other Yankees, right?
So that's just one team and Darryl Sittler and Frank Mahabalicz and Baby Keon and George Armstrong.
That's just one of the hockey teams, right?
Okay.
But anyway, what is Pavel Beregaud here?
This is just, he still got a pair.
He's got a pair is what I heard.
He still got that team.
He's a huge pair.
I don't care about all these other votes on there, but that has to tell you right there is about some photos.
It's just, it's so depressing.
It just makes you weak.
Another reason I'm just kissing the table here.
I'm kissing the ground.
Oh, that's what you were doing.
I'm kissing the ground.
I'm kissing the table too.
Just the fact that I'm not there.
Well, that's too bad.
You made a lot of money.
You know something that's great.
That's all well and good and people supported the show over the years and thank you so much.
And we hope you continue doing it.
But I'm telling you right now, when did doubt get the hell out of it?
If you value your sanity in your life.
Right on.
Yeah, in fact, George is just counting the days until he wins the lottery or something.
Until Boca Brian loans him about five millions who can get there a lot of there.
And of course, Jai, I mean, you know, he'll go over to Marlon's Tickin.
Who is your all-time favorite athlete?
Dan Moreno, 197.
Nobody even close in a league of his own.
Danny Boy.
I hate sports.
I'm in 39, almost 15% of this audience to just see even if I hated sports, which I don't.
But if I did, I, you know, there would have to be somebody that I would like or admire.
Yeah, I think so.
Right?
Okay.
No.
Michael Jordan 58, Mickey Mantle 57, Muhammad Ali 56.
You see how close those three are?
They're side by eights.
They're nose to nose.
Mickey is fall little behind though.
They've wrote 33, journey 25.
All right.
I think we ought to get journey on every pull now.
Will he mage 25?
Bobby or 23?
Best hockey player who ever lived?
Shaq 20.
Shaq!
Wayne Greski 19, Larry Brudd 18, Lance Armstrong 16, Paley 13, Madball 13.
All right.
Roberto Clemente 13, Magic Johnson 13, Tom Brady.
Just moved into Danny's uniform number 13.
OJ's got 12.
How sad.
Bob Greacy 11, Tiger Woods 11, Mirriola Mew 10, Jimmy Brown 8, Jogi Berra 8, Larry's
Anka 7.
He's still alive.
He's hanging on.
Jack Nicholas and Luke Garrigan, Walter Peyton and Dick Buckis, six of peace.
Dick Fulcus.
Al Kalein, Greg Lucenas, Joe Namath, Jeff Gordon, five of peace.
Hulk Hogan 4.
John Hogan don't have any.
Johnny and I, this Cal Rip in John L. Wayne Mark Spitz, Ted William Jackie Robinson, Johnny
Bauer 4, three of peace for Laura L. T. Thurman Munson, Joe Demaggio, Ernie Banks,
Boog Palo, Jim Thorpe, Lyle Zato, Billy Smith, two of peace for Anna Cornelhoidia, Gordi
Howe, Gump Orsley, Al Pantele Burre, two of what a joke.
Jesse O.
And Sugar Ray Leonard, Mike Tyson and Barry Bond's two of peace.
And the rest of the story, Sala Mente Uno or Saddle.
Oh, the big.
Oh.
For all these others.
Well, some of them just went under like Bob Coosie.
Well, come here.
He sounds like a younger, slightly younger Don Amos and slightly more coherent.
Namath's just ever so slightly.
The spirit of coherent are good close personal buddy to Mollman coming out next.
We got the mad dog before the Marlins.
Anybody remember them?
630 pregame tonight.
Bye, bye, bye.
