Major League Baseball misled Congress on their steroid policy and it's not a smart thing to try to mislead Congress
Fortunately, we've got everything straight down here. Everybody else is doing them. What's that? I said, why shouldn't the athletes be doing drugs? Everybody else is doing
Are you politicians are doing them? Have you been doing those steroids?
No, I'm not that steroids. I'm just talking about drugs in general. Oh, yeah, I'm pumping up man
Remember something about drugs on the ill
Yes, drugs is a dirty business. Yeah, right
Especially in a horse business. They would never tolerate it there. I'm not sure that
So this is the dirty business, uh-huh, you can have
You can have the prostitution. There's no business like dirty business. Hey, you can have the prostitution and
And the gambling the gambling right not that I want to make some money in your show, but
Oh, this is not a gambling show
No, that's a ten
P.M
That's right
All right, I'm out of here. I hope you have a nice day in a wonderful show
Are you would all interested in watching any of that congressional stuff with the baseball guys? No
I wasn't either until uh until I saw was going on the last couple of days and I think now some of these people are a little ticked off
There's good exchange. Don't know all crap
Been going on for years and pedamines roids now they got a new income out the gene altering
I got a story on that later. He was my favorite cowboy. He was that gene woodland gene altering. Oh
Yeah
Was he really I thought he played for the redskins
Hey, you have a what he what team did he own he will the California Angels right?
That's right. Well, he's dead in our gene altering him and Roy Rogers. Yeah, he's I think jack I'm so I've had to trigger still a dead too
Oh, yeah, he's not only dead, but he's stuffed is he really you can go see him if he'd ride from Los Angeles to
Las Vegas
Huh, you passed the Roy Rogers Museum. Contocet the lone ranger stuff too. I don't know what he meant by that
But there's a giant that's what three fat boy cities that they have to on Monday whether he ate the three dozen
Krispy Kreme donuts he was stuff that you can't be telling the truth about that is I'm not the one that we I'm not there
I didn't make it up everybody. We had several witnesses. Yeah, a whole bunch of witnesses
15 dozen donuts. No, he had three boxes. That's three dozen donuts. Oh my god. That boy
Oh, yeah, even we couldn't do that. Not together. You know, even put together we can do that even with the beast drone in it
We still couldn't do it. No
Even he would increase our odds. Yeah, that's true. It was a fighting shot
Why you have a nice day you do it. Don't lose too much on a stupid ass basketball. I'm all over it. No, you can't stop me now
Roy is right. Mac college college hoops. This is great. Raymond. This is the best. Actually, you're gonna be betting on part cheesy
No, no college basketball is about 20 years Hank is gonna be it over there is still an adventure of betting on shuffleboard
Shuffleboard
Yeah, betting on the maja on game. Yeah, I'll be in them. Yeah, probably
All right
Congratulations to Mo for extending that contract two more years. Oh, what was that? It's for me
What do you mean? What was that? I got a check on that
They're extending him for two more years. That's what it says right here in the Palm Beach postman
I saw that Mo Howard David did the rumor is
Posting on extension it will take him to 2008 as a top show host on wqam
She's an I saw I just saw a school of pigs flying by I like they like a bunch of cranky old Jews
You and me and the mole and of course the token joc in there as well. Oh right Jews and jocs. Well, we'll just
Age together. Maybe I'll watch those hearings. Is that gonna be televised today? Yes. It's on at 10 o'clock. I'm not now
ESPN
Well, they'll ought to be on the TSM because the SM is owned by ESPN now. Let me take a look
They're making their opening comments along with these broken records came allegations of steroids used when we majorly big there it is you got it man
You'll be into it. I know you
What do you mean by that? You're gonna pay some attention to this
Okay, I'll keep it on all day. You've been a baseball man until two but I don't but I don't care about steroids
I mean, it's so obvious. It's like it's like asking
It's like ashen is the grass green. I mean what what's the point? Well, we all know that point. I mean like very bond
I just want to make an overrun to bed. Yeah, the only person in the world
It doesn't think that very bonds is on steroids. I mean you have to be an ambassador. I don't know that
How you didn't know you just said you don't care because you just still want to you want to sleep with them or something
You want to like be as bunk bug buddy. I don't know what it is. I haven't keep count on how many times they take the fifth today
Yeah, oh there's a big enough fifth he ought to be drinking one
Like he did to quote find out what really happened and to get at the bottom
I mean I got a great idea. I think you just saw my element today. I'll just carry the hearings all day. Hey, am I a helper? What?
Yeah, that ought to help us down to about a one year
I think I'll find out what's going on with the extended contracts
I'll see you do a little homework on that. Okay. I'm a resource
Have a great day
They who were out to more man
I mean this is the time of year. What everyone's a weed
I miss say Colleen would you be wanting to come over to my place?
Go ahead and we direct my shell
Oh now that I would my catastrophe
What it is you'd be wet in the clean
But it now there's a smart lassie. She's making sure her lab is wearing the silly green protection of leprecha
Don't be wishing I'll have for it. Glover. I found it for the gist of gab
Especially if you plan on kissing some bloody stones
Be doubling your prediction with different condoms. They're strong enough for a man
But I like them too
So
Well happy St. Patti's day two. Let's see what are these liners here?
Look for the QM
Van today noon to one at international tool
located just south of 595 on Davy Road for the big
Tool sale. Where is that borched big-boss tool sale and free lunch from smoky bones barbeque and
George and McGill will be at treasure island tonight even though it's Thursday
This is a place of last night because it's St. Patti right five to seven for a St. Patti stay happy
Our party
Stop by for dance specials and prizes treasure island route of Palmetto just north of the 120 second street exit maybe some of them
Pink pong bowls will bounce your way or maybe just some other ones
Let's see here's the deal our poll
What do I got this out here for oh yeah before we do the poll raining else
Let's see we got a death bill amen died you see that?
Exactly see you're just so out of tight
Baseball can't simply turn its back on leasing history
This is for the hopper we want to carry just a little bit of these hearings and move on that's enough
A former US representative bill layman a legendary figure of south photo politics
Considered a visionary on racial issues and public transit died yesterday at Mount Sinai Medical Center
My momy Beach he was 91 and you know what it is like with my mother that's old enough
Wouldn't you be just delighted to make it to 91 and good health i'll take it right for seven of us in good health
A youth car salesman teach your school board chairman and powerful politician to wield the control over transportation issues in the US for 10 years
Laman was remembered by friends and former staffers as a compassionate soul and voice of progressive moderation
Which of course in america now is passe especially in florida a person like this can only come along in the community once in a century twice in a century
If you're lucky said john shelbley or shelble chief of staff US representative Kerry meek who is linens press folks man
He was truly color blind. He was born October 5th 1913 in Selma, Alabama
The son of candy factory owners
He graduated from the University of Alabama and married the former Joan
Pebelman in 1939 they became parents of three children two sons and a daughter who died of a brain tumor in 79
He spent 30 years
As he used car dealer calling himself Alabama bill and ads before getting into politics
He also became a school teacher was elected date 20 school board in 66
They came chairman of the school board in 71 first elected a congress to represent northeast state district in 72
The best game park Democrat was known for his low-key manner the sudden draw he never lost and for his political power
He was heavy duty baby. He won respect him on conservative cuban exorals in 1988 when he went to Cuba and negotiated the release of three political prisoners
How do you like that huh bill layman good guy he's dead
Surgery for draw cancer in 83 left his speech slurred, but he's taking congress for another decade
He said he made up his mind to resign there from congress 92 because the health reasons he had some realization that the disabling stroke
He suffered 91 made him most effective as a legislator and now he's dead bill layman good man had him on my show once
How do you like that how was he back in the day he was
Now he was good guy. He was great. He was a great man
There aren't too many great men these days. Yeah, I don't know if you great man
Gingin you work and remove the cloud over baseball and maybe save some lives in the process. Oh cut the crap
By they're all pontificating
What this reminds me of it's like the thing with the Catholic Church and the the priest in the trial molestation
And then they put on a real good dog in pony show and they're all sitting there very seriously and congress is raking him over their calls
And we want to clean all of this up just like the president said the state of the onion address
And we want to get the royads out of your
baseball and it's a right who are you people kidding man as soon as they catch on to one thing
They're all right before they catch out of the first drug
You're already working on the next one just like in horse racing. It's the same thing
You know before the before they finally catch the first thing showed up in the test that they've been able to evade for years
Then they're already bringing out the second one that they can't detect now that's the way it works
And will be any different here. Why not just legalize everything
Okay, so that the people with the longest needle and the best use they're the ones that can win and it's the way it is
You know what's wrong with that nothing this Henry waxman is something wrong with his
drug problem that affects the SC1 I'm saying pop pop pop pop baby
Pepe pepe I may show we like drugs a lot. How do you like that? We like prescription drugs
We like how come it's okay to put all those prescription drugs on the evening news every night and by the way speaking
Leave me news. I will never ever watch CBS TV news again Bob Sheeper is turning me off. Okie dokie
Yeah, Okie dokie, but and I will I watch Peter Jennings because he can't speak anymore
That's amazing. No, he has Dick Parkson row. He's like and we notice that yeah, but what do you know? No?
No, no, I'm sorry, but he was once very articulate and very smooth and now it's like he's just straining get the words out like a
Daughtering fool and Brian Williams who sounds fine. He's very articulate, but yeah, I can't look at him because his not only is his nose out of joint
But his lips are like not one of them is like over here. One of them is over there like you know like Rocky and Bulldog go over here over there
He's hard to look at he's bizarre looks like his head came out when he was born his head came out like kind of like
As sideways you yeah, I skew he looks like Rubin a skew
By the way, he did a rely of Rubin asked you know from our governor. He was a real Yahoo man. He was a real jerk a Yahoo in this state
Yeah, you know, there's different kind of that and I walk it lot and he was a Yahoo
But he was a good guy. It's not politics because ask you as a Democrat
But he was a jerk as opposed to well the he-cune was a good guy and of course Bobby Graham who's our hero right Bobby Graham was the last
really
Brox solid politicians in South Florida as far as you know on a statewide basis
Of course he was no Mark Foley or Charlie Chris. Yeah, anyway, so we got this thing from the Palm Beach post got a lot of stuff here today
You know, and we got to clean up yesterday's pole. We got today's big pole
Already got a budget without even looking at a bitch. It's got close to 300 votes. Oh, we should go over
Huh 304 see all right
304 306 I got 306 baby and let's see how you're doing. I'm doing okay. I'm right in there with the mr
Ego but you're way up there near the top your shoulders above me you even ahead of Moe see it's interesting
It's a good thing that Moe is like resigning for two more years because now the audience has started like cotton to him a lot more
That's become one of us whatever that means
Huh, what are we? I don't know
Dispies by everybody in the building so he's been around long enough. It didn't take long for that
But anyway now that Moe is one of the family because ordinarily back in the day
He may have even given Russia run for his money, but now he's just in the pack
You know in fact, I think you're gonna be oh yeah, oh yeah, we're gonna be hands down his pants. They checkered pants. Don't go crazy. I like meals pole
The scryon valley who as a bunch of squares again this year who say that I wish
Oh, oh god love the a wish and let's cross your gaze if you are you won't be margin upon same paced day
You can be above the piscope sure and that's okay, but it can't be a ship to gay
Now you're our high-farting boss eminences great have to live at this pronouncement upon the blessed day
Sure a little bit of heaven fell and nestled in the sea
What you're going straight to help a homosexuality
I wish as long as men are men
It's a little different kinds we've never been sure of them
You can be seen in drunken herl and jumps will have it all away
You can't be a rich if you're gay
You can't be a rich if you're gay
Don't even try to be a rich if you're gay
Can I team happy St. Patti's day okay and on our website Eric finally got it on air better late than never
Now we've heard a high five in baseball and what we call live Josh the low five
Something like that. Yeah, that's uh that's a real congratulatory grip
It anyway the picture below with the first United Methodist Church
You know how all these churches and sholes they've got these signs out in the front uh god is
Well whatever they put on there, you know crap. Well. This is a United Methodist Church somewhere in the USA
Church of the cross is named and the sign says don't let worries kill you let the church help
Ha ha ha ha it is so good and right above that
This is below where you're voting on the floor you want to take a peek at these and since we got the baseball roid hearing down to this
I think they ought to have a hearing on this picture. It's the St. Louis Cardinals. I can't recognize the players
Do you know who those are? No, but he must have really got a hold of the ball
That was Josh Hortis by the way folks
And anyway, there's a picture and you kind of evaluate I keep thinking to myself
It's got something to do you know house their like camera angles and things like that. Yeah
It's got to have something to do with that we would think wouldn't we I think he's lending a helping hand is what I
Hahaha that is one of the most bizarre things look very or can as far as ever
Across the country now America is asking baseball for integrity and
unequivocal statement against cheating.
Well here's a fact from Joshua Dero, which is really nice now.
It was in the wonder when such a great mood today because we didn't have a visit from
Duff or from Clarence, which is fine.
By the way, pay these a week from tomorrow, Clarence, the 25th.
I just marked it down in the calendar.
That's all.
Very simple.
You don't have to call here.
You don't have to come in and get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
Duff doesn't have to share his emotional cripple behavior with all the rest of us and spoil
our, you know, turn a sunny day into a rainy one.
Just go away, guys.
You can just fags like this.
It's worse for me.
Marlon's Red Sox game today, which was going to be on at 350.
See, we know, or 250.
We don't really care because it doesn't affect us.
Has been canceled.
It's still working on filling the two slots.
I left a message with Mo and with Mad Dog, Eminem.
Eminem, boy's Mo and a Mad Dog.
So we're going to see who we got on there.
We know we got Curtis.
Well, no, we don't know that.
Curtis was slated.
He was penciled in it too, but not that the Marlon exhibitionist.
Isn't that the second one, Josh, that they had rained out with the Red Sox?
It's probably the same game that they're trying to make up.
Well, no, but that's what I'm saying.
It's the second time they had a big Red Sox game, which everybody, because that was going
to be the one 10 they were going to play, right?
Right.
In preseason.
Yeah.
And as a result of that, I've rained out the last time.
That's the time I like got down a lot of here just in time.
And then they had the pregame, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And they filled an hour and then they finally said, give up, go home.
And that was it.
But so they tried to play it again today and guess what?
More rain.
Rain and sound thought it.
That's a very fun.
Because we have four panels and many witnesses to hear from today.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we have plenty of time.
No sweat.
We'll check in with you.
We'll check back with you later, like Tom Pelvita would say.
Now, here from the Palm Beach Post yesterday, and how come the, how come very jackass and
Jim Sarni who claimed that they got their thumb right on the pulse of the radio and sports
business?
They don't know.
They're asked from Greg Zellbo.
I'll tell you that right now.
The Palm Beach Post, however, Greg Bedard wrote yesterday.
The dolphins announced to them that they signed a two-year contract to make $790 a.m.
in the ticket.
The new flagship station for the team closing an eight-year run on WQM and likely signaling
the end of Jim Mandage and Howard David.
No, not likely at the end.
Mandage, a former dolphins tied in from 70 to 77.
Old number 88 has been the team's color analyst for 13 years.
Affectually known as Mad Dog.
He continues to be popular with fans in his trademark.
All right, Miami or just, all right, huh?
Is often an NFL film productions.
Not to mention, of course, a whole bunch of other things.
Like, for example, if I can, if I can find it.
Well, all right, first of all, I'm going to play the role of the title.
All right, all right.
That's the last time, well, every year, WQM say, holy to leader.
All right, all right.
He, well, I don't care what anybody says.
WQM was just not the nicest guy in the world.
He didn't smell all that good, but he was pretty damn good, you know?
Not likable, but he was good.
Kind of like me.
Anyway, now let's see.
Let me go on, because there's an important crap in here in this article.
Though, Mandage could recognize, see, that's wrong.
He's not good.
The feeling of this partnership is Dolphin CEO Joe Bailey said, if you're going to launch something that's new,
you ought to have fresh new faces, Bailey said, which is a very stupid move by the golfers organization.
But we've seen that they were, that's their new trademark is making really stupid moves.
For example, Augusta Rodd.
Clearly, in the case of both Mandage and David, they're going to remain friends of the family, if you will,
because they're probably history of the team.
Right.
I'm sure Moe feels like a lot of love and all warmth and coldness with the, at all, with organizations.
David, a vocal resident who did play by playing the past three years, is close to an extension that will take him into 2008 as a top show host on WQAM.
Oh, my God.
I like that.
Our buddy Moe is hanging around.
See, we're all extending it.
We don't know why, because this is an insufferable place to work.
The people here are like a bunch of crazy people.
The treatment of us is all brutal and grotesque lies be us, and yet we just can't get enough of it.
Moe, it says, will continue to do weekly NFL game for sports, USA, radio, and network.
And we'll announce some college games too.
Well, nice going Moe.
And you notice how poorly he's doing on our pool today, and that's good, right?
Absolutely.
As compared to back in the day, I mean, you've got to beat hands down his checkered pants again.
Back in the day, once upon a time when it was all that anger and angst and hysteria and psychosis going on around these hallways or your hallways or somewhere, then it was a different story.
Yet we have today, people were admitting that they're all burying the games and cheating.
Yeah, well, we can see that in that one photograph.
To me, it was a job I did for three years, David said, right?
Working with Jim was a lot of fun.
Manage is a dolphin for life.
I'm sure it's much more impactful for him.
It's probably very hurtful is what Moe said.
Sources said former Marlon's announcer John Boobshambi, the booster, who is now at 7.90 a.m. is the favorite to replace Moe Howard, David.
It's doing the voice of the adolvens.
Former hurricanes announcer Mark Vandermeer's told friends he would like to return.
But he just signed a three-year contract extension to continue his voice in Houston, Texas, although the beast was a good friend of Vandermeer came in this morning and said,
he just starts to scrap.
Maybe not, maybe not.
See, the one thing about the beast, he never really tells you anything.
It's just, well, maybe it's this and I heard that he's just a yenta.
You're just a round little yenta.
You're like a human bowling ball, like a big rover in the prisoner, the balloon.
He's like a big human balloon.
Anyway, among those rumored to replace Manage are former dolphins Jimmy Cifalus, Kim Bocaper was a great guy but is wooden as a 2x4 and Nick Bonacotti.
Nick's not the bad on the air.
Joe Rose, 790 hosting former dolphin titan is not interested.
I don't want to follow dog.
Rose said on his radio show it's like Dan Marino and Jay Feedler.
I mean, who the hell would want to follow Dan Marino especially?
Jufi, a Jay Feedler.
The Broward-based 790 AM has a poor reception in much of Palm Beach County.
Bailey said games will continue beyond the Dolphin Network which included WFTLA 50 and West Palm Beach.
The West Palm Beach market is extremely, extremely importantly organization.
So the answer is whatever issue there is presently that will be resolved, Bailey.
Won't you come home, Bill Bailey?
Bill, a Bailey, a WAKY-Y Louisville. He was great. He was good.
Back in the day of personality radio man, he was good.
Bill Bailey, ever here on? No.
How about W. Wallace Chicago? Have you ever here Bill Bailey in the morning?
No.
Larry Luziac?
Thanks for examining the use of steroids in professional baseball.
Well Hank is monitoring. He wanted me to put some of this on today for so for the Humper.
And a broader implication.
There you go.
Hey Bucky, watch me put a rabbit out of my head.
Oh Waco, that's not a rabbit.
It is not my hat either.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
There was a great show, bro.
Hey, Bill.
What do you mean, honest with you? You stink.
What?
Well, you fed him a garalard.
After 72 cities and four hours a night,
do you think it's a bull time you had yourself a shower?
Oh yeah!
Okay!
And I've got just the soap bag.
Finally I watched the battery show.
it's a monster immortal.
The Irish Springsteek!
It's the boss of thedle readру and poop!
Come on in there, Nafer, we'll do it all day.
But I like it too.
Please.
I wish for these teams.
Now your war fist, never like no jersey in the ma.
1032, 208 to 11, happy assay, Pennies Day.
Let's take a look at yesterday's pool.
And by the way, the entire rock and roll hall of fame is on our website.
You can click on air, find job there, boys.
Whoever did that.
Who did that?
Eric, I reckon.
Find job there, Eric.
Well, Josh is still trying to recover from whatever we were talking about before.
What were we talking about before with Hank?
Oh, I'm very bond.
Yeah.
To where we are.
And we're ready to move into our first panel.
But before we get there, I want to ask you, Am's consent to Mr. Osborne from Nebraska,
former coach of the University of Nebraska.
Well, yeah, Ozzy Osborne's on the panel.
That's good.
Not Tom, it's Onzie.
Anyway, we asked yesterday what group of artists should be in the rock and roll hall of fame?
But isn't it?
If you want to see all the people who are in it, just click on our website before you scroll down and see that disgusting picture.
It's just an optical delusion, believe me.
There's no way in the world that too much of baseball players like that.
Bye.
Oh, I know.
He needed help with his cup, obviously, to making it a challenge.
Is that what it is he's adjusting his package?
And two hands.
Rush, 314.
We didn't even put him on there for a while because we weren't really sure because we had some bad information.
But Rush celebrated last year, the 30th anniversary.
So obviously, their first recording was way more than 25 years ago.
Then I'll only qualify, but this audience demands that Rush.
Isn't that interesting how Rush, one yesterday's pool and Rush's leading today is going to win again.
Of course it is.
Not the same Rush, but wow, speaking of Pilt Pop and Pills, I wonder if Rush is at this hearing today?
I appreciate the opportunity.
Well, I'll be damned.
Rush, 314, that's the group, not the cow.
Van Halen 179, it's very sad that they hung on a second place.
What is wrong with you people, man?
By the way, speaking of people with very bad taste, Lucy Liu is on our beating curtain again today and we apologize again.
Lucy Liu rhymes with him.
He's on their way again today and the George's can't stop putting that on there because he hates you people like Poison again.
That's it, it's content.
We got several pictures of her on there, by the way, and I'll be honest with you.
No matter what your persuasion, I think you would agree with me that most of you,
that the baseball pictures are a lot more erotic than Lucy Liu.
Anything she could ever do, she looks like Yoko only want a bad day.
She's huge for somebody.
Yeah, I don't care how huge she is with the blind crowd.
Van Halen 179, a strong second place showing, although not anywhere near Rush.
Chicago 155, who certainly should have beaten out Van Halen, not even close, but now, it's way ghost.
Leonard Skinner 88, 3.987.
Guess who, 62?
Yes?
54.
No.
Jim Croci 44, the car is 42, KISS 37.
The movie blues 34, Supertramp 33.
Well, isn't that nice that they made the top something there?
Good, good.
Supertramp, they're great.
Love you out there, and Chubby Checker 29.
The fact that he's not in there more, I would say more than anybody else on the list,
even though there are people who, you know, did better music.
But the fact that Chubby Checker's not in there is just, it's like a slap in the face.
I think it's a racial thing myself.
There's something wrong with that.
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
I hate the word, but if there's anybody who's a rock and roll icon in my lifetime,
it'll be Chubby Checker.
Right?
He's Twisted in Baby.
He's Twisted in Here.
He's Twisted in There.
He's Twisted again like we did last summer.
He's Twisted in All Over the Place.
Maybe that's what's happening in that baseball picture.
He's Twisted in It.
The monkey's 26, E-L-O, and blondie tied with 25.
I love E-L-O, man.
E-L.
You fell over.
No, that's not it.
Oh, wow.
That's where one of those used to be.
You fell over.
Oh, I loved the way that song.
That'll change tomorrow, but enjoy it while you can today.
I heard you dubbing it that way.
I guess you had me shut off, though.
I said, hey, you got a pot of...
No, I had to shut you off.
Why don't I do it?
It's more through...
I'm too fat.
See, nobody over here like that.
Blindy 25, E-L-O 25, Boston, January over 20, apiece,
Steady Onewood, the Villa Village People have 19,
so does Sonny and Shere.
Sticks 18.
Do I want to read a whole list, Jesus?
That'll take us up till midnight.
Linda Ronsett, 17, Bloods Wett and Tears, 16, Genesis 16,
the spinners 16.
John Cougar Melancham, 15.
I could live without him.
Deep Purple, 15, the Delviking, 15,
Grand Funk Railroad, 14.
Steve Miller, 13.
Emerson Lincoln, Tomer, 13.
The Dave Clark, 5, 13.
Abba had 12.
A.
Alice Cooper doesn't, 4-0 had 12.
A 4-0 and is tied with Abba.
Tomer, where's the row with you people?
What is wrong?
They just don't like foreigners.
Motley Crew 12, Bec Kingston Trio 11,
hanged on your head on that.
Cheap Trick and Purple Hair Mitch had 10.
America, George Thorg, Rathural Good,
Kansas, Janine Dean, E-Ted 9.
Eight for Steppenwolf, Todd Rungringi and Americans,
the Ventures, the Ronets, George Michael and the Grassroots.
The Grassroots had only eight votes.
There is something very, very rotten.
You can smell it in the air.
Like the interclass Newman would say, there's something
roggy and rotten in the air in South Florida
that the Grassroots had only eight votes.
That's such silly people like Janine Dean
had more votes than the Grassroots, okay?
Don't you find that embarrassing and grotesque
and totally absolutely unacceptable?
Holiday Stings.
Right.
Hell and Oats in War had seven of peace.
Neil Sinekka and Vanilla Fudge in the Miracles.
He said six.
Paul Lanker, the Hollys, Harry Chapin, Herman,
Sermits five.
Four of these for Blue Oyster, Cult Carly.
Simon Little River Bandbed, company, the association
and I have Twain Edgar winner, group, the Kingsman,
Marty Roberts and the Believer.
Three of peace for Dianne Warwick which is still can't spell right,
not even close.
Paul Rivera, Raiders had three, Deric and Diaminos had three.
The Turtle, Sentry.
Two of peace for bread.
Bread had only two votes.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my god.
Man, have you people got some mysterious problems?
Bobby Ve and Bobby Rydell and the Marvelettes each had two.
One of peace for Junior Walker and Yolster.
How could you you walk in the alsters have one vote? Huh? We got too many pale people in this audience
Mitch ride of the Detroit wheels 38 special which doesn't qualify ready Helen ready Leslie Goura
Harry Nielsen had one also one for the box top of the crystals Edwin star in the Buckingham's and when star only had one
What does that tell you huh? These people are their music?
These are the people that put no in and we don't know their music and no votes for rare earth
Kenny logins or Edison lighthouse no no votes not a one
Are you ready for that no?
No, so that's the list of yesterday how many votes did we have we had like
1805 we could add 2000 if I left it up there
But I wanted I wanted to hype this one today the radio talk show host you dislike the most is this like as in
We hate you and of course we put our own names on there. I don't think we missed any names did we?
We must have well why you say that I don't know because we always do whatever we do things like that
I think any talk show host who is heard and so I'm not talking about weekend part time
I'm talking about like omelet and the toast and you know
Bacon eggs and weekend people. I'm talking about talk show people who are at least on a fairly regular basis
We got 472 votes. We're gonna make a thousand a day Josh. Oh, how do you like that?
You fair? Huh?
Are we gonna make our thousand? Not even not even close to 11 o'clock yet? We got almost 500 votes
We got it we got this like falling off a log believe me if I we could sit back
Ask and put those congressional steroid hearings on
Just
I'm gonna put our pizza on this
I'm just hearing like it's a lot, but we're not gonna do that. Yeah, I like this. Okay fly well
That's Jim Bunning who is
We're gonna certifiable former a great picture for you for leasing the Tigers, but he's a little bit crazy person
Of course as all of us
Jocks he's a Republican from Kentucky Jim Bunning remember when the returns were coming in
Looks like he was gonna get beat last time and all of a sudden he pulled it out of his hat just like a rabbit Jim Bunning
Not a crazy person the radio talk show host you dislike the most is that's a
Pull today man something you people can stink your teeth into 472 votes already
Rush limbaugh nobody's been a touch rush
Huh speaking of roids and pills and lies and hypocrisy and just being a big fat tub of crap and that of course is what the right wing loves
They love liars they look in the mirror and he liars be us. We just lie all the time. We're full of it
Like Jim Bunning the public say there you go to hear that he's popping his piece
Rush limbaugh 189 fact maybe eight is piece for breakfast this morning
Well, I hate peas. I'll be honest with it. Not as much as I used to but I'm just I'm just out of P person
Not whatever Rush limbaugh 189 Sean handy 41 George Rodriguez 34
How do you like that even though Raleigh's got?
You got on got it. They're race obviously is for a second place, right?
Nobody's gonna come anywhere near rush and who would want to quite frankly probably smells real bad?
What's her name? Darren Stevens on the see it in there?
They're in Kagan. Oh, she don't go near him either. Yeah, they're in Stevens. No, you're thinking of oh be wished
That was his name wasn't it. Yeah, I did that on purpose because I didn't remember her name
Oh, I see they're in Kagan Kagan. They're in Kagan limbaugh. What a disgusting thought George has got 34 Bill or Raleigh has got
Third man and of course that's more than he's got listeners in the soft floor to market
The impact he's made on radio in this market is can't complain about it because it doesn't exist
Moe Howard David in 23 back in the day
Moe might have put in a big number but not no more now. He is extending the deal. He's beloved
He's almost one of the family now. Howard Stern's got 20s right on Moses. Hank has got 18 now Frank in 17
Al Franken, Dan LaBassard 16 you low-life slime-ball you who didn't win the world serious at all you idiot you loser
You couldn't lick the mad dogs jock, okay?
Probably would like to Michael Savage 16 Randy Rhodes 12th house nits got 10 Phil Henry 9 Phil Henry's got 9
Are you sure? Yep Randy Rosen's guy already did that Steve Cain's got 9 mr. Rigo
That's the entire audience on whatever that channel is Glenn Beck 6 OJ McDuffie 6 for the juice 6 for Geltie 6 for me
The big O's got 480 case got appear depot Jeff DeForest the Indian killer has got a couple
Demandage 2 G Gordon ladies got a couple Jerry Springer 2 Joe Rose 1 and none yet for boob shopping that shows
Nobody don't like the boosters
You've been putting up with a broken arm or other ailments because you can't afford medical care
Well now you can get treatment at safe reaches Dylan hospital. Yes. We've eliminated frills like bed pants versus painkillers
We've instituted cost-cutting programs such as bed sharing and a simply lying surgery yet you'll be cared for by our friendly staff
Roll over skinny. I need to check your oil
Whoo
You just glad to see me
Come to St. Regis Filman now for our hospital week special
Tell your analysis and keep the free Flintstone specimen jar kids love them
St. Regis Filman we need the business. So let's cut a deal 10.47 at 5.60 W.C.
I'm here to thank this what about Paul from big one of six is podcasted over a talk show host. Oh no
Right right not even close
Here's a suggestion for a pull which we're not gonna do but it's kind of cute in relation to that picture
We got that controversy old picture that we got on our website right below where you're voting on the pool
What are these two macho ball players doing?
He's got like a whole bunch of choices. I'm not gonna even read the first one looking for the rosin bag
Getting some pine tar checking for hernia that might be it. There you go
Checking to see if the other ones on steroids or trying to get to third base
Well, it's cute. It's cute. It is kind of cute. Not real cute, but kind of cute
Almost as cute as Lucy Lou in fact even Cure I would say a jury acquitted our good buddy tough a guy actor Robert Blake
A murder yesterday in the shooting death of his wife four years ago a stunning verdict in a case that played out like
Paul fiction without John Revolta without any fries or mayonnaise
The jury also quit a Blake of one charge of trying to get somebody to kill his wife
But deadlocked on the second solicitation charge the only problem is now that the bitches family is gonna take him to
Civil Court in July the 71 year old star of the 70s detective drama
Beretta dropped his head trebled with emotion let out several deep breaths after the verdict was read
How many times have we seen that in the last hour?
But third man all talk about drooling red next there's Dan Bolton from Indiana. We're in a position the anti-Janet Reno
What what would be the steps thing that would be in the stacks and we tank where we just stick it in a who's right
Don't yeah, where we just stick the needle?
This is this is such a dog in pony show Congress is having a hearings on steroids in baseball
We got all kinds of crap going on
We got Halliburton ripen off the government again. We got people innocent people dying in Iraq and all over the world
We got famine. We've got pestilence. We've got murder and bloodshed people blowing to this brain sound like it was a like it was a hobby
And I mean time Congress is having hearing we got $57 a barrel plus the highest price of oil and history
And thank you very much, Mr
President for those low gas prices and we got hearings on steroids in baseball
God almighty. What are you people thinking about?
This is just like the indecency stuff and broadcastings the same crap
We've got the the the police you fill in the blank okay the steroid police the word police the J walking police the sex police the
Whatever the jury of five
Five men and five and women delivered the verdicts on its ninth day of deliberations following a trial with a cast of characters
That included two Hollywood stuntmen who said Blake tried to get them to bump off his wife Blake hand-faced life in prison
Prosecutors weren't looking for the death penalty unlike of course the umptuous
What's his name that is getting the death penalty and they smashed his head on the police van when he showed him in there
I was great Scott Peterson
I love that
Lake was charged with shooting forty four-year-old bodily bakedly the death in their car
And you know something about the bottom line is the bitch had a comment unlike for Lacey Peterson
Right with her unborn baby, which was just really an infom knew unlike that situation where that
Flandering Scott Peterson is gonna get the gas. He's gonna get the needle Watson
But this Robbie Blake. I mean she had to come in whether he did it or somebody else
It was just a matter of time. I think the dog done it even the dog hated her like poison now here's some really bad news
We had another story that I was actually we had on our website
It was actually gonna read in income to find out that late last night
Speaking of speaking of what your Congress is doing. Here's another good example
Every player in major league baseball here's another good example
The house passed legislation late last night intended to lay the removal of the feeding tube
Keeping alive that brain damage woman whose husband has court permission to law her to die Terry for old Terry
Earlier in the day a Florida peals court refused to block the removal of Terry Shivoh's feeding tube for years her husband
His battled appearance over his efforts to allow her to die which he contends
You would prefer rather than live in a vegetative state like Florida who'd help would want to live in that vegetative state
You'd have to be some kind of a masochist
By an angel the house bill passed on a voice vote would move such a case to federal court
Federal judges have twice turned down efforts by the parents Bob and Mary Shindla to move the case out of Florida courts
Signing a lack of jurisdiction
Senator Republicans are introducing a separate building of Shivoh and her family standing in federal court
And they hope it can be debated today a Republican aid said under the house legislation a federal judge would decide
Whether with holding or withdrawing food fluids or medical treatment from an un an incapacitated person
Violates the constitution or US law it would apply only to incapacitated people who had not left directives
Evened with being kept alive artificially and for whom a state judge had authorized it with holding a food or medical treatment
Some house members criticized the bill which represented fat jury
A Gerald Nadler of New York called a dangerously reckless way to deal with some serious issues
It doesn't just deal with feeding tubes. It would allow intervention in any decision affecting any kind of medical care
Read the bill neighbor
He is pissed off and fired up that parent Gerald Nadler said which is good because his emotional outburst might burn up at least four or five
Maybe a few calories
I made to believe yeah, right want to take a few calls here because I'm really whipped up into a frenzy about this crap here
I mean first of all I don't care about baseball period all right
I don't care about hockey anymore
I and I was number one hockey fan in South Florida. They can all take a fly and leap for my part
Okay, I'll play got all of them my life is going to log just fine without no hockey
And of course one thing about it way about it when you live here
All the way back to the leaves all say there's always we got hockey 24-7 if you want hockey hockey hockey
We got it. Okay. We don't have to play any new games. We got all these still old games on there, right?
Right, but baseball
I mean I've been out of touch with baseball for years now because all these ridiculous salaries and all of this phony below
These phony a steroid driven
Superstars like Barry bonds and Sammy Sosa would him crossing himself and the thing would have fingers
Yeah, he got the finger all right bye-bye, Sammy. You think
That's tired of it
So if I don't care about baseball
Why don't I care about what they're doing steroids and how congress is sitting wasting all your taxpayer money
Having congressional hearings on steroids and baseball which quite frankly is none of their business in the first place
None of their business right right right? Why the hell is it congress's business whether
Mark McGuire was or Jose Conceco was like in the needle in the ass
Go into Q.A.M. Hello
Like yeah, that idiot go into Q.A.M. Hello
Me oh
Hey
Question for your poll now. I know that he hasn't been doing really talk shows in a while, but what about Joe's the gaki?
Yeah, right. Mm-hmm. What I said with the pool is complete. Okay. The pool is closed
Joseph gaki is not a talk shows. You know some of you people need some serious assistance
The pool is closed. We got everybody doing a talk show right now
We're not talking about somebody who maybe did a talk show for five minutes about 80 years ago
We're talking about talk show host right now got it good right it down put it on your arm like a momentum and get some mental help soon
Please
W.A.M. Hello. Yeah, Neil how you doing today? Okay. I'm just gonna step before you on not Tuesday
I was listening to the mad duck show about five ten. I don't know if that wasn't on this yet
No, but he said I'm gay you talked about him and Curtis were saying about how back in the day gay was not a
A derogative word and him and Curtis both said you fair. I'm gay. I'm great. Yeah
Okay, we'll have to get that clip out of that so that I was getting it. You fairy, right
What what are you what are you even a sigh really if it's almost a little bit of clock already? We barely broke a sweat
And it's already the first hour is by by maybe we had a nice long breaks all day today
Curtis back there in sales and spider-vihating me like poison. He's really got his thumb as notice to the grindstone
They're selling spots like crazy because they know that's just a matter of time before they start doing a dollar a hour over there at
790 oh, but we got the we got the dolphins now. Yeah, you got Joe roses. What you got that's all you've got you got zippity duga man
You got zippo and I'm talking about the lighter WQ. I.M. Hello. Yeah, the ironic thing about yesterday's poll is that they got one vote
Junior walker and you all stars. This is a lock-in-roll all the way they are they're in there man. They got one freaking bowl
Junior walker when the all stars are in there. Yeah, they got one. Why you see them under W
W junior walker you all stars and guess what they're still not in there under W
They're still not in there. How do you like that?
They're not in there. You see them. I don't see them. No, they're not in there. Maybe they're junior
So they're not under anything but not under junior walker that under walker that under all stars
They're not under anything. They're not in there. Schmuck Puts. There's another one. Huh? Yeah
Yeah, right. There's another South Florida. That's an expert. He knows his crack baby. He just gave me about 30 seconds on it
Be very very quiet. I am cruising for rabbit
What's up, Stub? Oh, hello nice coward
I bet you say that through all the web. It's a nice thinker
Other stations give you car. Other stations give you cash. But we're going to give you what you really want because we're going to make
Allers
That's right. You'll be able to look down women's dresses. See what people hide on the console refrigerator
Make millions of dollars playing pro basketball
You don't need talent if you're tall enough just be a fifth color when you hear this sour
And we'll save your head and grab down a layer after layer of skin until you're seven foot three mostly forehead
This station makes such an olio ability in the event that your body rejects its new forehead
Because of the nature of the procedure your eyes will remain in the same place
So looking down women's dresses will need to be accomplished with a small stool stool not included in price fabric
Sure, you'll be really weird looking but boy will you be tall
People listening for your chance to win
There's nothing like a small stool. That's what I've always said is 1102 at QAM look for the QM
Van today noon to one of the international tool located just south of 595 on D.V. Road for the big
Box tool sale and free lunch from smoky bones barbecue free lunch
All right, I said that's there line up right now and George and McGill will be a treasure island on that five is some for
Specials say patties. They happy our party stop by for dance specials and prizes treasure island right off the
Balmato just north of the 120 seconds free exit with felt cabrines and wql and I those rejoins just leave me
Lit limp. I just I don't like them
In fact the only thing I like less than that is that one we got with the the the Hank one there that that thing is just
Hank ought to like protest about that we got to get rid of that thing that is just brutal especially what it goes
It sounds almost like moaned al Michaels again. You remember that one? Yeah
I
Got it here somewhere as if I have to ask remember that
So Moe was signing for two more years void that was really a shocker. You know an eye popper huh
I post to show you man if you hang around long enough soon you become like part of the woodwork everybody just days forever
Except of course for scruand I think too much monkey business with rooye certain people how come this thing will queue up on here
Is there some special reason is it like rejecting this disc? I'll be damned
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. Oh there it is 60 on the 18 t Verizon Marvellous line. It'll somewhere in hell in the day. Oh it's
Just a little taste
Oil prices skill fresh highs today forcing OPEC to consider a second output increased
Just today after its deal to raise supplies failed to halt crews record breaking events
Thank you mr. President for those low gas prices and for all these Nazis you're importing all pointed all these very important posts
What's happening in baseball
U.S. light crude broke about fifty seven dollars for the first time reaching as high as 57
Fitty and electronic at fifty seven dollars and fifty cent
Electronic trading before slipping to 57 33 up 87 cents from yesterday's settlement
Lumbin's Brent crude you talk about crude man. That's the word for this crap
Benchmark for European imports got as high as a record 56 dollars a barrel before easing to 55 80 up 92 cent up almost a buck
As our dependence where we just continue being the stuck children to the Saudis and all of these other grave robbers
It's just amazing to me
But the good news is for those of you who don't care about the environment and for those of you who really believe that this is gonna
Cause the price to come down anytime soon, which it's not
I'll mid the backdrop of storing oil prices and gasoline prices and thank you again
Mr. President for those fantastic bargain basement gas prices a sharply divided Senate yesterday voted to open the
Ecologically rich Alaska wildlife refuge to oil drilling delivering a major energy policy win
Siakate even said I'm so tongue-tied for L president a the Senate by 51 to 49 vote rejected and intent by Democrats and GOP
Moderates to remove a refuge drilling provision from next year's budget
Providing opponents using a filibuster a tactic that's blocked repeated past attempts to open the Alaska refuge to oil companies
The action assuming Congress agrees on a budget clears the way for approving drilling in the refuge later this year drilling supporters said
The house is not included similar for the provisions budget. So the issue is still subject to negotiations later this year to resolve the difference
The world industry has sought for more than two decades. You can access to what is believed to be it believed to be
Billions of barrels of oil beneath the 1.5 million acre coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in the northern
Eastern corner of Alaska
Let's show the Johnny Horton North of Alaska. What about Johnny Horton?
Rock and roll hollafame north to Alaska. What do you say? Okay, no
Like Johnny Horton though. He's pretty good. Madeleine New Orleans remember that?
Johnny Horton was good and he was no little Willie John
But see that's what you have to use as your measuring stick
You have to look at the list that they've got the people they put in there and take no listen to me
And take the least deserving most obscure couple of them like little Willie John and Edith James and then you say to yourself
No, okay, so all of the almost anybody else you might mention sure
More meaningful and better known and more significant than little Willie's John
Man, who are they can?
Let's say here is check out Christ on the Crapper.com
The it says this administration is brilliant steroids. It started in the state of the union
Right. Yeah, I do. I mentioned that before in the state of the onion if you were listening
I mentioned that we got very important fish to fry
What wait a minute? How did I get back on the CNN? I don't want to see Ricky Tiki Sanchez on here
Oh wait a minute wait. I gotta go back though
Gotta go back. What is a developing story which means that Karen Deren's got a hang now
Oh a person of interest in the case of missing floated rollers now and custody do we care about that? No no no
Person of interest. Don't you know when Susan Cadiotti our old friend Susan is doing the report
But we got more important things you go through that the records are saying by a future hall of fame
Fame inductees what you be saying what did he just say also? Let's see war cellus
What does this say I was hoping you could tell me oh drilling in Alaska
Murt mercury standards
Reduced everything is going okay. Okay. Okay. Look this is not going to be a show
This is not going to be the Randy Road show the Al Franken show
We're gonna solve all the problems in the world
This is a show where we try most for the most part
Yeah, I read some of this stuff and I pass it along and you can chew it up and spit it out and wipe your butt with it
Whatever you want to do. Oh, that's it
But these people want me to get all the pressure. Oh, what are we?
What was me? I'm not in the mood for that kind of all you doom red just like mufflinzy, you know the same crap
I'm tired of that garbage
All is the sky is falling and they want you to be just as morbid and depressed and insecure in the psychotic as they are
Right, I'm just not playing that game anymore. I I'm I'm not doing it. He ever comes in here again
You'll you'll hear silence on this and I'll go and make me a baloney sandwich or something
I'll make me a peanut butter and baloney sandwich
I was just not participate. I don't yeah
If he wants to take a personal that's up to him, but he's the one who created it
I'm gonna how many times have I told him I don't want to continue having me either call or come in right before the show and
Distra my show and my day in my life. I'm an old fart. I only got like a limited number of days left
I would say
Leave me alone already unless unless like maybe somebody blew up the building or something then it might be nice to know
You know right but other than that right? Sorry, I'm not for the crap already
Don't don't be trying to like that. Hey, what a reason your way out you can't do it anyway
They hate you like even the audience hates you in fact
That'd be a good thing a reason for people to call into they what what is your problem with George?
What have you got against poor little George? He does his best. He had he look
He's even got Lucy Lu on here for it
And then he knows he's a beast of dog, but he knows that a lot of you are desperate. Okay, then you like that slud
So we tried to do our best free end yet you just turn on him especially at a time
Let me had to go through that disgraceful inquisition that Maddie Bell fat boy Greg Reid water Nazi
Dufflin's E. Clarence Deiro inquisition was Clarence and I had to I don't remember I think oh
No, probably you don't remember because this distress was so great. I probably like to say you back years
The radio talk show host you dislike the most is
Rush Limbaugh
249 there ain't nobody in the league with rush you pill pop and fat lying sack of crap you
Sean Hannity 58 George Rodriguez 44 a very solid respectable third place showing Bill O'Reilly 34
Mo Howard David did did did got 31 you see how he slid back here the audience is starting to war up to you
Mo you're a little slow on the you know like it like a block of ice
It's hard to warm up to you real quick, but after a while you grow on us just like that hairpiece
Howard's turn 27 Dan La Bastard 26 and I'm just piece of turd he belongs under radio
My like my devil dog belongs on there, huh the tiny show like his audience
That'll be tiny way to see those numbers come out picking on the mad dog
I mean it's on the face of it. It is so ludicrous so embarrassing and humiliating a guy that we used to have on a weekend in the morning
Used to come in and like get on the board mess up with other people sure remember that
Happened us once because he's an imbecile Al Franken 24 Al Franken
He's gonna he's gonna get pushed out of there and he's gonna stop off
He's got to be the anti-rush and especially the anti-billow rowing
Hank Goldberg 22 Michael Savage 20 a real Nazi if there ever was one a maniac a lunatic
Randy Rhodes 14 how you doing Randy?
Why see they moved her up to 6 to 10 now they got the Jerry Springer on there now see one thing about Jerry Springer that he's gonna
Discover is that nobody watches his TV show for the 60 second commentary that only
Happy as well
Of course to show you that a few people would just get along and love each other and understand yeah right
They don't listen for your for your social commentary. They're watching it because it's I said all out knockdown brawl with
With every word that's ever been invented in bleeps and boobs and that's it, but he'll find out
I'm sure he knows already touched it 12 Phil Henry if he'll got a dozen are you sure?
Steve came 10 mr. Ego that's big for man with an audience that small
Gildy a seven I got seven. I'm tired of Gildy same person. I just have a police
Glenn Beck's got six oh J use the juices got six
I've heard some reports about his show all them bad Jerry Springer's got five the big
You know not the big
So he was hitting that thing the big O's got five mad dogs got three see almost nobody don't like the man dog
Eddie K's got two Jeff the forest to see we made a bad mistake
We should have put Vivo in that slot not absolutely not I'm I'd have taken a walk if they put that
Backstabbing phony engine killing piece of dirt in there that that Cornball rolling
G-Gord ladies got a pair Joe Rose won and no votes nobody don't like boob chambie and nobody knows who edgel's is about a six
642 it's 12 minutes after 11 o'clock Josh Cortes we have
642 votes on that pool now you being the pool watcher that you are the student of these numbers you must even you must be
Pretty impressed with that, huh? I definitely
We are absolutely blown away
Where
In the world where we make the green eggs are constantly being
We made so vesters to low return as Rocky Balboa to defend his title against the formidable Moe how we dated in
Rocky art 27
It wasn't that fun. I could have been a good contender. Yeah, it's for a done-sotted. It's good contender
No, no, who is this guy?
Small-Harradayman he was known as the ring as the mighty Moe in David a lot of pillow green was just a thumb
Well, I don't want to use any of that. Oh, well, I get to win the ring. I'm gonna
Marvelizer up the world for this
Get out of here. I contended to challenge you to be a world of the champion
Get out of here. You don't scare me. Why I'll make me out of here
Aww
Look at you
Why I ought to see him.
I see him.
I see him.
I see him.
I see him.
I see him.
I miss getting raped.
It's a plus 18 at 5.
6.7 to Q.I.M.
I think I need to put that in there along with.
Do fair.
In a little bit, a bit of version.
I got this Jose Conceco book sitting here that I spent 26.95 or 30.
No, 36.95 Canadian made for this stupid as book.
That's right. I got to bring it back for Josh, right?
Right.
No, sorry.
I'm going to read that one paragraph again after I get through with this crap about what they're doing.
Because they're in recess right now, I guess.
The chairman of a house panel looking into steroids in Major League Baseball.
It's tried to disport the leaders today for being uncooperative.
An urge star player subpoenaed who is hearing to take public responsibility for their actions.
Major League Baseball and the players association.
We did word of our inquiry first as a nuisance.
Then as a negotiation, replete with Miss Statement's government reform committee chairman Tom Davis.
Republican of Virginia said his opening statement.
I understand that as I avoid the public's prying eye.
But I think they misjudged our seriousness of purpose, he said.
I think they misjudged the will of American public who believes that sunshine is the best disinfectant.
Right. Just like the administration government in the dark.
Davis's government reform committee was hearing from six subpoenaed players including Mark McGuire and Sammy Sosa.
Along with Commissioner Bud Light and other baseball executives medical experts.
And the parents of two amateur athletes who committed suicide after taking steroids.
See the stat with his arm crossed and lips pierced as Davis and ranking the minority member Henry Waxman, Democratic California.
Chastised him in his sport.
There is a pyramid of steroid use in society and today our investigation starts where it should.
With the owners and players at the top of that pyramid Waxman said.
See the pyramids. What was that song?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You belong to me by the preys.
I'm going to tell you something.
You've got the old man still has it anyway going along.
It says without immunity from prosecutors and some players were thought to be considering invoking their fifth amendment rights to refuse to answer questions.
How do you like that?
Just like the Humper was saying this morning.
Maybe they're going to bring some of their buffers.
To addressing the players, Davis said some have an opportunity either to clear their name or take public responsibility for their action and perhaps offer cautionary tales to our youth.
Now speaking of those cautionary tales to our youth, the reason I bring that up is because.
here again in this book, Juiced by the anxious Jose Cansoco, who in the preface and the
preface to the book, he says, oh, I'm not a doctor.
Here it is.
This book is intended to be informational and by no means should be considered or offered
medical advice of any kind.
But then here on page three, right before you barely got your nose wet in this book, he
says, if I can read just a couple of brief paragraphs again since I've only read 22 pages
of this book and I'll never read another one.
He says, yes, you heard me, right?
Steroids use correctly will not only make you stronger and sexier, they will also make
you healthier.
Certain steroids used in proper combinations can cure certain diseases.
Steroids will give you a better quality of life and also drastically so down the aging
process.
If people learn how to use steroids in growth hormone property, especially as they get
older, 60, 70, 80 years old, their way of living will change completely.
If you start young enough when you're in your 20, 30s and 40s and you steroids properly,
you can probably slow the aging process by 15 or 20 years.
Hosea says, I'm 40 years old, but I look much younger and I can still do everything
the way I could when I was 25.
How do you like that?
And they're going to give some cautionary tales to the youth out there about the evils
of Roids, like that guy that had both legs amputated, the kid that committed suicide and
all of these other things.
And the kid in Texas who died from Roids, all of these things.
Who the hell are they kidding?
Or SAP, the fourth congressional commission found the same.
Sketch out your practicing attorney, your advice to someone in Kansaco's position because
he is on probation and what this means.
Okay.
Any lawyer, any lawyer would sit down with their client before they have to appear before
a committee like this and spend hours if not days going over.
There's Roger Kasek.
He got blown off a CNN.
Remember him, Roger Kasek, who used to be on air with Greta von Brown's system and
she went over to Fox and he got blown out and now he's on ESPN and on TSN Heary.
Okay.
Let's take some calls and find out why they hate you so much.
All right.
And I'm not going to talk to that one guy.
Well, I'm more tired of that guy than you are.
I just can't handle some of it.
You know, we already know we know how you feel.
You hate George, something you hate me.
And that's fine.
But let's hear from some other people who wait.
I mean, let's find out.
WQA and hello.
Now, see, there's one.
They probably don't like this like you at all.
They're too embarrassed to say it.
And by the way, when we take somebody's calls now, I think it'd be real interesting to
see which ones are coming from inside the building, like when Matt emailed and calls
trying to do a voice.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Here from some other people who are you.
I mean, let's find out.
WQA and hello.
This is your crowd.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
Okay.
Kelly Mitchell's a hottie.
Okay.
Great.
We're real excited.
WQA and hello.
Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
Happy Sunday, Daddy's Day.
Uh-huh, back to you.
Hi.
And.
Got 20 degrees.
See, that's it.
That's it.
That's a mental labor material.
They just ran out all of a sudden, just like all of a sudden.
Yeah, well, we were going to not get anything great, but we had like something almost coherent.
We did win.
What was that?
What day?
March 1st, 82.
Somebody QA and hello.
We like to show.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, George is brutal.
You're awesome.
Thank you.
Now, you know, that's not what we're looking for.
We're looking for verbal intercourse.
Not something to call and take it a chief shot.
In addition to what you can call and talk about whatever you want.
Okay.
I just mentioned that in passing, since it always amazes me, that they always want to pile on your little ass.
Every time we do one of these deals, huh?
You have, you actually like a striped and Sean Heterby for a second place yet.
As a matter of fact, it's interesting, but the top four there are three of them are right wingers,
and you're the only one in there who's not part of that crowd.
I always get freaked.
You can't reverse freak.
That's why I always do well when it's, who do you like?
WQA and hello.
Oh, my balls hurt.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
Who do you give them all by not a shape of eyes?
You know, you're starting to take this personal list.
This is the guy.
So who cares?
It was like, who cares?
50,000 years from now.
Who's going to give a crap if it was that guy?
Okay.
I've ever that girl.
What's her name?
What's her name?
What's her name?
That girl.
Marlott Thomas?
Marlott Thomas.
There you go.
Danny Thomas daughter.
Of course.
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
I want to talk to George.
What do you mean you want to talk to George?
What the hell is that mean?
Oh, I'm on the radio.
Hey, what's up?
How are you doing?
I'm just cracking up.
I want to talk to George.
This is a very high-paid show.
You know, I want to talk to George.
You know, I want to talk to him.
George is more feminine than you are.
He's like a little girl.
I can't stand him.
Yeah.
Then what do you want to talk to him for then?
I want to hear him try to hide his Cuban accent.
That's what I want to hear.
I want to try to hide your stupidity.
Okay, give it a shot.
I didn't do it too good on that call.
WQA and line nine.
Hello.
He's bald.
He's stupid.
Well, he's like that.
Well, he must be talking about Tom Jicke again.
By the way, nice calm today, Tom.
You were listening to Neil Rogers.
I think I'm listening to Neil Diva.
My calm kid Diva.
He was sick of body pain.
And he wished he was gone.
Even though she had his baby.
Their whole marriage was gone.
So we took her to a restaurant.
And when dinner was done.
When she got back into his car.
Then he pulled out a gun.
He didn't like his daughter's mama.
Thought she knew in his life.
So we asked the couple stunt men.
If they were far from his wife.
He thought it'd be good only murder her.
If it takes him to stay.
He shot twice with her Diva.
And his name's Robert Blake.
He killed a bunch of folks in cold water.
And a big movie scene.
Then he wasn't so successful.
He played a cop on TV.
Now he's just another jailbird.
He could kiss a cockatoo.
Like he used to on the red up.
That's the name of that tune.
Boy, he didn't like his daughter's mama.
Thought she knew in his life.
So we asked the couple stunt men.
If they were far from his wife.
He got arrested with his bodyguard.
He will never escape.
Now he's gone and gone to prison.
And his name's Robert Blake.
Okay, let's take a few-can-the-poor.
I had to print it out.
The radio host, Toko, did dislike the most.
We got 727 votes.
That's pretty impressive.
It's only 1133.
I mean, Russia is in a separate category.
Other than a chorus by those ditto heads.
Who are just lemmings, just a bunch of little sheep.
Whatever you say, Reich.
297 for Rush.
He wins hands down.
But after that, Sean had a 65.
Little George Rodriguez, 56 as in Q56.
Now out of the 56, how many think are from inside the building?
About 30 men.
Bill O'Reilly, well, it's got Medi Bell in the water.
Now he's fine hand all over.
You can smell it.
Bill O'Reilly, 39.
More Howard David, only 36.
Nice recovery.
I was making a comeback.
He signed it for two more years on QIN.
He's going to be doing NFL and sporting it.
Whatever that channel is.
Do that.
We rehabbed him.
I think it was the hair piece.
I think once he let his hair down a little bit,
I think the audience there were men up for a little bit.
Howard Stern's got 30 men.
Dan LaVastard 28.
Oh, brother, talk about living up to your name.
Danny Boyd, they hate you like poison.
Al Franken's got 27.
The Humphers got 23.
Michael Savage 21.
Randy Rhodes 15.
Pitch net 13.
Phil Henry a dozen.
Are you sure?
Steve Cain 10.
Gildy 9.
Neil Rogers 9.
Tied with Gildy.
They can't separate it.
Joy to the lift.
O.J. McDuffie 7.
Glenn Beck 6.
Jerry Springer 6.
The big O.
Has got five.
Any cage?
Have to forest and jamandage.
Only three.
G. Gordon-Litties got a pair.
Luke Chambie 1.
Joe Rose 1.
Ed Cholce is still got zero because of a nose for the hell it is.
No, no, no, that's the case.
They put him on the prime time thought because they thought nobody would know who Randy was.
Really?
Everybody knows who the goddess is.
So that's what we got in a pool so far and we're examining why it is you have this tremendous contempt.
Hate and disgust for a poor little George who's getting really sick and tired of it.
Oh, whatever.
Exactly.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I can't believe I'm if they make the pole, but you know, some blue wool.
But I...
Hi, as I'm his on the ear on Radio and South Florida, nobody can answer them.
Oh, South Florida.
I didn't hear a budget tune then.
I just wanted to say the pole, you know.
Well, but I'm not telling you where.
If somebody can't be hurting the market, I mean, you can't watch it and I miss it.
You're actually a strong stomach, but it's not even worth thinking about it.
But the reason I called it because I just want you to know you should be getting off the fence now.
And you know, they should be giving you the rest of day off.
Because there are any real sports radio stations we cover in NCAA basketball tournaments today.
But like you said, that ain't really a real sports radio station now.
No, no, no, it's not.
It's an entertainment station, okay?
We're not interested in just having a bunch of sports nerd crap on here.
Let me ask you something.
How much did Booge Paye to make the call?
Schmuck.
If it was a real radio station, you'd be...
We're not interested.
We don't care.
Go find a station that is carrying that crap.
In fact, quite frankly, turn on your TV and watch it.
What kind of bull crap, man?
What kind of unhappy horse crap is that?
Just like the call that Moga, you're still got a spy report on that.
What was the deal about Josh Wistoff?
Who told her?
The number of gel told us.
About why, you know, I would do lost it often, then I would do his crap.
And I'll cue him, who the...
You're in a dream world.
You people think you can talk yourselves into listeners, talk yourselves into numbers.
If you keep putting crap on here, which is 90% of what you've got,
that's what you're going to have for ratings.
It's crap, nothing, Zivini Duda.
And this is not a sports show, okay?
I'm not interested in going home, which I am home quite frankly.
I'm not going anywhere till two o'clock.
In fact, I'll tell you what you're starting...
We might even stay on the four o'clock.
How do you like that?
Just to piss that guy off.
Yeah, that was a real sparse day.
You know what that reminds me of?
That voice mail.
I wish there was the guy...
I mean, there's so many of them.
There's a pit...
I really hope he uses it on the year.
I've been listening to QAM.
No, that's not it.
Huh?
I think it was the pissed off guy.
No, no, no, not that guy.
The guy from out of town.
If this is the best you can do, sports talk video...
That guy.
Was it...
I don't even know which one of those is...
There's so many of them.
GD Sports Guy, by the way, that says GD for a reason, I think.
Oh.
Well, I can...
That's George.
This is Robert.
I'm playing in out of town all the time on business, whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the old Rogers.
Be honest with you.
That's epic.
Very pathetic.
And this guy...
Well, that's epic.
I mean, if this is all you got in on sports talk radio...
Okay, see right there.
If this is all you got is sports talk radio.
Now, that's our management's problem because this is not sports talk radio.
And even when Stern was on, and we had me after...
I'd for like three and a half hours, we had like all of these hours,
eight hours of non-sports talk, and we still were doing sports talk.
See, this is the problem.
If 790 wants to be sports talk just like the fans, just like Fox,
all these other losers before them.
Fine.
Pack them a salami sandwich, okay?
Because the number of real sports nerds, that's all they want to hear around the clock.
You could fit them into a telephone, both in every room for the Chinese army left over.
It is ponderous, man.
It is boring.
And all those basketball games you're so all bent out of shape.
They're all going to be on television.
Who gives a crap?
Call up your bookie, see how it's going.
Schmuck.
56670560, pound 560.
In addition to which, if there's such hot shot sports radio over there,
how come they're not carrying all these games?
Wouldn't that be the ticket?
Thank you.
W.A.M. Sports Talk Radio.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, who was the winner of the poll yesterday?
Rush.
Rush.
Same as the winner today is going to be Rush.
Was my uncle's band from the 60s mentioned on that poll?
Who's that?
He was Felix Cavalieri in the Rascals?
No, he was not.
That's a good one.
The young rascal should have been on there.
Sorry, didn't call him yesterday.
There were a lot of votes.
Yeah, Felix is my uncle.
Yeah, he just said that.
Yeah, he said that.
I think that in 75 cents will buy a three quarters of a cup of coffee.
I know.
Actually, when I was a rascal, I was a kid though.
My father actually used to take me to some of the recording sessions back up in New York.
And it was very interesting, so.
They're great.
He's doing good, but he's living in Nashville now, and he's still, you know, riding songs and stuff.
But not much.
I thought you said that we're doing good.
He's living in Nashville.
Yeah.
Well, nothing's perfect.
Well, thanks for the good news.
They should have been on there.
You know what that's saying.
Oh, look what I did.
You see, you got me all emotional.
I knocked that thing off the play line again with the other.
Not a good thing.
It's bad.
That's it.
Well, it's first again.
It's like a rascal.
Oh, you got him there.
No.
It's a terrorist warning.
That's the closest I can find to be ready to ensure notice.
Yeah, so as you travel on into the world, you'll be there.
The White House says we're all the two now.
Can't be sure we may make strike on that.
You see, if little Willie John is in a rock and roll hall of fame and Felix Kevler and the young rascals are not, then it goes to show you that it always lost.
You'll see the real Roger.
It's moving to the rock solid on 5.50.
You A.M.
The White House!
Up now in this segment of the Al Franken's show, the Franken radio theater will politically set her eyes.
The Godfather hits a panic.
Now all the roles will be performed by a cast of me.
Let's have some radio fun, the showy.
I made the gun nice and loud to scare off any pain in the rear by Sanders.
Make sure that the gun is there.
You see, I don't want my brother walking out of there with a O'Reilly toy in his hand.
You know, you get that.
I wrote that myself.
They shot him five times, but he shows a great deal of resiliency.
And that's good news.
Do you know who I am?
I am Al Franken.
I made my bones when you were engaging in consensual promiscuity with interns.
Now let me remove my glasses here.
Now my eye.
That's not it.
That O'Reilly is a pin.
It was no vac all along.
Johnny Ola told me about this place.
Or why did Uncle June?
Anyway, I'm smart enough.
And I'm good enough.
And John got it.
People like me.
Not like they say.
Johnny Ola.
And now here is the famous toll booth scene.
Can we have the sound effect?
Ow.
Ow.
Well, we'll be back with more week radio after this draw.
13-goldoon at 560 WQIM.
I think I should take some of these very important calls.
First we can get to the bottom wall list of all of these things.
Do it.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I was surprised to get a hold of you.
I've been trying to call you a couple days.
Well, it's your lucky day, man.
Yeah, my lucky day.
Tell me, are we still allowed to get up free flood?
For what?
For my company, regimental.
No, no chance.
Well, no, I was a one shot deal.
I don't remember why I did that, but it was a one shot deal.
That's when we didn't have any spots on low.
No, we got a lot of spots to not see us.
So we didn't forget about it.
Get lost.
Call off our sales department.
Maybe they'll sell you some spots for a million dollars.
Come in to QIM.
Hello.
The washers are in the rock and roll hall, fam.
Yeah.
What about it?
Are the rascals in there?
That's the same guy I called before about junior walkers in.
Now, now he's going to make me keep wasting my time to see if they are in there.
No.
No, they're not.
Wait, young rascals.
They're under why.
Yeah, they are.
They're under a why.
See, we were looking under R for rascals and they're under...
Why?
They are in there.
I was looking under rascals.
So they're well, we don't play must playing the guy to copy for it.
So that's his uncle and how come they're not in there?
Now, was his uncle said the washers?
Yeah, shame on you sir.
They're in there.
The uncle.
Huh?
Who told us how many times he'd tell us it was his uncle.
The only thing he could hear it about is he's feeling scabular.
Yeah, like I said, that in 75 cents we'll get about a half a cup of coffee at Nadex.
I mean, what the hell are you talking about?
At what?
It's a New York thing.
Just forget about it.
Okay.
A wink in a fraud writes Maureen Dowd.
At the Gridiron dinner in Washington on Saturday were old media gently mocked politicians
with corny songs.
I sat next to a presidential gag writer, Landon Parvin.
He was saying jokes were best when Republicans make fun of Republicans and Democrats make
fun of Democrats.
President Bush looking spiffy and white tie-and-tale swung by to talk to Mr. Parvin.
He didn't look my way but proceeded back up to the dias.
Suddenly, W. turned around, stopped and looked right at me.
Then he flashed a wink.
Not a flirty wink, but a mischievous park cable.
I've got your number and you think you've got mine but I wind wink.
Bush had a cool but he was feeling pretty hot.
He started his presidency with a tentative demeanor and a chip on his shoulder.
Now even with the Middle East still roiling and the Democrats still spoiling for a fight
over social security, W. feels as if he's won a lot of hands and has a big problem of chips.
He's confident enough to send two young gladiators talks who specialize in blowing off the globe,
John Bolton and Paul Wolfowitz, through our global institutions, that deputimize multilateralism.
Wolfie's biggest qualification to run the World Bank, his prediction that Iraqi
reconstruction would pay for itself for the Iraqi oil revenues.
In the Washington Post, the reporter's Mark Lieberovich wrote that the president's been
almost like a different person since the Iraq election.
So Lucy Goosey, as he tries to sell a Social Security agenda and other programs that he
was resembling a Texas auctioneer pitching private accounts on the forced bill.
When a woman in Arkansas town meeting last month told W.
She was from Dequeen, he replied, that's right next to Dequeen.
At the gridiron, Mr. Bush lily joked that he had the dang this puppy who would roll over
on command, but only some of the time, I renamed him John McCain.
I may have gotten a presidential link, but I still don't have my regular White House
pass back.
Maybe I'd get it back if I became a male escort, but Bush Aids have now decided to let
in a blogger.
Maybe they're grateful that Bloodhound bloggers ran off then rather.
But this White House may not like new media anymore than old me, though, already moved
on to fake media.
Here's yesterday's headline on the humorist Andy Burrowitz' website.
White House reporter turns out to be Cheney, fake mustache falls off beat during press
briefing.
The White House isn't backing off its plan to replace real news with fake news.
The Bushies created their own reality to convince the country that Iraq was a threat to the
U.S. security.
So even though the war has given birth to some of the very evils it was supposed to fix,
like more recruits for Osama and Sodom's formerly sealed weapons falling in terror's
tans, Bushies like the results of their war.
Now the White House has its own gulag, CIA agents, snatch suspects and fly them to places
like Egypt and Syria to be strung up in chains and tortured.
And the Times reported yesterday that at least 26 deaths of prisoners in American custody
in Iraq and Afghanistan may be criminal homicides.
So it also has its own Soviet-style propaganda campaign.
At his news conference yesterday the President bristled a bit when a reporter reminded him
that after it was revealed that his administration was paying columnists to shield for agency programs
Mr. Bush had ordered that such tactics cease.
But as the reporter noted, the administration is still using government money to produce
stories about the government that a broadcast would notice closure that the government's
producing them.
David Barstell and Robin Stein wrote on the Times on Sunday that at least 20 agencies
had made and distributed fake news segments to local TV stations, the administration
spent $254 million in its first four years to buy self-aggrandizing property from PR firms.
The President joked that he couldn't tack on an armed George W. Bush not prove this
disclaimer, but then he said he wouldn't, that it was up for local stations to reveal
the truth.
He said his justice department had found that the fake news programs are within the law
so long as they're based upon facts not advocacy.
And of course this is a White House that never makes up facts to suit its purposes or
some of its programs, it serves its propaganda ball face with no hint of its real agenda.
At least I got a wink, says Maureen.
You go girl.
She got a little wink wink, now it nudge nudge.
Say to order.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a Verizon singular wireless long we got the 338 votes for Rush.
The radio talk host you dislike the most, somebody makes you want a kaka.
We're so shunned Hannity 70.
George is starting to make a move on Sean.
64 you're moving on his territory.
Go a Riley 43, Mohawar David at only 41.
They love you Mo.
Howard Stern 32, Al Franken 31, Dan LeBasterd is God.
But third man.
That's a high number considering how few people he's got listening.
Hank Scott 24, Michael Savage 22, the Schmidt Meistery, Todd Schmidt Scott 16, Randy Rose
16, Phil Henry still got a dozen, he stuck on 12.
Geldy 11, Steve Cain 11, Glenn Beck 9, I'm Tyber Glenn Beck 9 a piece.
O.J. McTuffy the big O. have 7, Fury Springer 6, 80k 3, Jeff DeForest only 3, they love
V4, that was a bad mistake.
G. Gordon Litty 2, Boob Shamby 1, Joe Rose 1, Ed Schultz is still got it.
0, how could you have 812 votes, how could you have none?
You've had it.
Exactly.
WDQAM, hello.
I like 14.
I agree, we don't care.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, not there.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, how are you, sir?
What is it?
Can I get on the air?
You're on right now, sir, come on, let's go, let's get with it, how come you people are
so slow?
Let's go.
I wouldn't let.
I'm sorry.
What do you want to be sorry?
What do you got?
Give me a prediction, who's going to win the tournament?
I know you have to win.
Good at it.
You're crazy.
Oh my god.
Oh yeah.
Who's going to win what?
The ping pong tournament, the Marchese tournament, known physical consequences as being serious.
Oh yeah, exactly, get serious.
That's even the congresses pissed off of that call.
First of all, it's too stupid, even always on the air and then secondly, give me a prediction
is that I'm in the tournament.
Call off your bookie, okay?
Get a life.
Oh, but it's college hoops, it's college hoops.
Who cares?
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, what's going on?
How you doing?
Hey, can we have any previous hosts like Craig Worling on there?
No.
Hello.
I'm Radio Mistake, the other day and I put on Depot and you know what I can't take?
What are those sports nerds that have their freaking, what the hell is that called?
Their teams, the fantasy league teams.
Yeah.
What the heck?
Do they have nothing better to do?
They have nothing better to do.
They have nothing better to do.
They have nothing to do.
They have nothing to do.
They have nothing better to do.
They have nothing better to do.
They have nothing better to do.
But oh, I have this player in this position, man.
There's another one in this position.
Yeah.
How many wishes he had in that position just like that picture we got on our website?
He must have been listening to the normal.
Yeah, yeah.
Talk about fantasy.
Four minutes to still new in it QAM.
You're listening to me.
I hate you.
Yeah, you're listening to me.
Five, six minutes.
They just don't know why I am.
The 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Hey, do you want a run faster, jump higher and make the blind see again?
No, what do you want to move like the wind?
Sure like an eagle and raise people from that dead.
Yeah.
This is only one little thing.
We've got new air cheeses.
And cheese and cheese.
Just put up there.
What they'll do for your game is a miracle.
Oh, my God.
I don't want to look at the phone and pick it up.
Why are you a little air cheeses?
Why?
Why?
Let me just look at the button, man.
Wow.
Wow.
It's a little fire now.
Give me the ball.
Yeah.
Oh, there are cheeses.
Secret of here, Jesus, lies in the soul.
The patent of Cushion chamber is filled with avion.
Carefully laid out of the scene.
So every part of your footage always walk in the underwater.
Sorry.
Not responsible for anyone in chamber that turns to water.
And it comes soon.
Look for the only air Jesus cross, Trader.
Air cheeses.
They'll make you feel like you're holding it.
He is for the homeowner.
Probably doing it at 5.60 WQAM.
You know, they got the parents of these two kids
that high school kids have committed suicide
because of chronic depression from taking
animal or steroids.
Okay.
And my point is this.
I don't blame the players.
I don't blame the management.
I don't blame Bud Light.
I blame the public for continuing to support this crap.
No, no, seriously.
How many times do athletes have to slap you in a face
just like this director called me for?
You should go home, you should go.
If this is a real sports station, we'd have the ball games.
Right.
When the public stops supporting this garbage,
when they stop being rakedated by the greed of the players
and their agents and all that, just like the NHL.
If they never play again, guess what?
My life will go on.
How do you like that?
And we just had a report in between the little commercial break
here on TSN during our break.
I was listening to it.
That all these phony talks they're having again this week
with the NHL.
It's all a dog at pony show.
When they're farther apart than ever, nothing's going to happen.
These next two months.
Absolutely, positively, nothing's going to happen.
And they were all whipped up into a frenzy.
You know, I don't care.
You care?
But what?
You'll see if George doesn't even care.
What does that tell you, huh?
And of course, far be it for me to talk about the people
not going to ball games because then Josh Cortesick had upsick
because that's his livelihood.
So he can't say nothing in a hood.
But he knows what I'm talking about supporting this garbage.
Guys making $15 and $18 and $25 million a year for playing baseball.
And all these phony records they keep saying,
you know, it's how quiet he is all of a sudden.
That's because Roxy Burns, he's an ain't like a girl.
And he don't want to talk about it.
By the way, we will be until four today.
They couldn't find anybody to do two to four.
So Josh Cortesick is doing the two to four slot.
Am I right?
Oh, sure.
Well, why not?
You could talk about Roids.
And face the consequences.
See, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You see, the fact that the matter is they don't have any...
You're just like a human punching bag.
You know what I mean?
That's your role in life.
It's like a legal, right?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's like a rumor.
It's like a rumor all over in his case he deserves it.
No, you're a human punching bag.
That's just your role in life.
You'll have to accept it.
That was that way to see her, by the way.
Well, at home, of course.
That's your choice.
W.D.Q.I.M. Hello.
Hello.
I'm Neil Hayden.
Okay.
You know, I know you don't care for Bill Mark too much, but...
I don't.
I can't stand him.
He's a nerd.
Jose Conceco was on his show the other day.
And he quoted the same thing you read out of his book.
Oh yeah.
He's touting steroids.
He's touting everybody how great it is and what they can do for him, prove your life.
Yeah, but at least Bill Mark said, well, if that were true, wouldn't you still be playing baseball?
Uh-huh.
And he read some of his stats that he's had recently, and he really, you know, really blew it up in his face.
Yeah.
So that was...
He had to sell the book, maybe.
Number one, the best seller there for, I don't know how many weeks in New York Times, best seller list.
I want to book.
I'm money on it though.
I'm, unfortunately, I did, but I'll be more now.
I'm going to auction off.
Anybody want a 50 cent?
That's right, Josh wants it.
Now, why do you want to read it?
I don't know.
I mean, I'll probably get 30 pages, you know, into it just like you did.
It was to find out how to do it right.
All right, see.
Do you want to find out where to stick it?
Correct them.
Hey, look for the Q&A van right now.
This is the big hour, baby.
Noon till one at International Tool.
Just south of 595 on Baby Road for the Big Boss Tool Sale and free lunch from Smokey Bones Barbecue.
Wonder if we have anybody out there for that free lunch, huh?
I mean, the tool sale, that goes without saying.
But I'm just wondering if anybody is out there taking advantage of the...
Because Smokey Bones Barbecue is good stuff.
Yes it is.
So why aren't they out there eating?
Maybe they are.
See, we never get any more feedback anymore.
Everything is just like kind of like, you know, it's not like it used to be.
It's like cookie cutter crap and there's no interest, no involvement.
Everything is like, come see, come see.
See, that's what really pisses me off.
That's why I had to raise holy hell to get some copy in here.
Get a few spots on here and guess what?
And spite of the fact that this sales manager hates me worse than screw-handed,
they finally went out and did something.
Like Fatboy, if the street doesn't don't understand it,
puts them up and he got me some new copies, see?
That'll work every time.
We've got energy.
George and Miguel will be a treasure island speaking of Fatboy.
That's his account.
I'm sure he won't be there because he can barely move now.
Five to seven nights for a Saint Patty's Day Happy Hour Party.
Stop by and...
There was dance specials and prizes.
Treasure Island right off the palm.
They're just north of the 120 second street.
Exit.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
Listen, I don't understand.
How many hours a day could somebody possibly listen to sports talk?
That's my point.
How many times do you need to hear the same stupid ass thing?
How many different ways can you say the same thing?
Yeah, I mean, if you ever listen to any one of these talk shows,
you could turn one on in the morning and one on the afternoon
and it's basically the same recycle crap over and over again.
I'd rather have a 15 hour route canal than listen to sports talk radio.
I love sports, but you know, I'll listen to it maybe 30 minutes a day.
I'll listen to Hank.
Find out what's going on for the most part, but that's all you need.
How can you listen to it 24 hours a day?
I mean, I ain't sure listen to Hank and Mad Dog,
but I'd much rather hear them talk about anything.
I liked him the most when they were talking about off the wall stuff.
But when they get to the sports, the heavy sport, I can't listen to it.
I don't want to hear about it.
Absolutely.
And I guarantee you that guy that called up is that you should go home.
That's the guy who this stuff gets him fired up.
He calls at least three or four times a week.
Really?
That is just to be him.
His stuff gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
You know what you mention?
It's either him or his boyfriend.
One of the other.
That's them.
Yeah, well, all I have to say to him is,
you're fired up.
You do.
You do, anyway.
Have a great tape, Alan.
Yeah. The sports furries, like Bokeh Brian says,
and 85 of those bits.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
No, it's just, the whole concept of sports talk radio.
It's on a way out.
You'll see, see in this market, it's like,
oh, you know, a bunch of silly people,
and this particular one over there,
is a fine bird guy, or a jewel of fine bird,
whatever his name has got a lot of money.
But all these people, oh, well, we're going to put
our better sports in.
Well, how many sports stations do you need for quite a lot?
About 30, man.
How many times do you like this guy?
Is this, can you say the same thing about the same games
and the same players and the same teams?
Who the hell needs it?
Are you talking about narrow casting?
Now, with all due respect, okay,
to anybody on this station, I want to say one thing.
When you're not really talking about ball games,
but when you're talking about vetting on ball games,
you're narrowing it down.
I mean, you're not just talking narrow casting.
You're slicing it down like a little tiny piece of the pie.
It all can be at a big, nice, key-line pie,
or banana-cream pie, and you got like a little teeny slice
about the size of your thumb.
Well, what's that?
Narrow casting is what that is.
That's why this business of topics and guests
and narrowing everything that, it's like automatically saying
to like 90%, maybe 95% of the potential audience
that might actually want to hear whatever you want to say.
Like saying, see ya.
See ya later, alligator.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, what do we got on the pool?
Well, I'm sorry, but this whole sports talk thing is just,
it's like an illness, it's like a disease.
And people like Ray Perry running around
and building with that crap about, wow,
if we have more stations doing sports talk,
it's going to bring more people to it.
Yeah, yeah, crazy.
That's insanity.
It's like saying, if we have more people doing torture around the world,
it's going to bring more people coming forward to get tortured, you know?
Just madness.
Boy, it just, it really does frost my ass
because it makes me very, very angry.
I just can't deal with it.
And I mean, I grant you that's, you know,
part of the bread and butter of this radio station,
but the fact that the matter is the fact we lost the dolphin broadcast,
we were losing money on it.
Who the hell needed it?
Like the Panther games, how many people listen to the Panther games?
No, man.
Absolutely nobody.
More than once, I blew out a big chunk of this audience
because of the fact I got sucked into doing hockey shows with Rimmer
and I got talking about Brian Murray.
I remember that episode there with a coach, you show nobody cared.
I allowed my own personal feelings to get it away.
And I'm not doing it again.
Till.
No, I, till what?
I'm not doing it again.
Period.
You can't talk about only the things that you're interested in when you realize
that nobody else in the world cares about them and expect to have an audience.
It doesn't work.
Doesn't work.
And like I said, Daniel Abaxter can open up his big stupid mouth on there.
And all day, every day in Rip Mad Dog.
And it makes no difference because the madness is more entertaining just saying hello.
Then that jackass will ever be.
It, it's not even worth it's dignified.
But I talk about it only because I enjoy it.
Given him a stork because if anybody deserves it, it's him and anybody
who ever worked at the Harold.
The radio talk host you dislike the most is Rush Limbaugh in a separate category, 357.
He's in the pro poppin all off to the erases by himself category Rush.
Rush won the podium yesterday in the music and Rush wins the poll today
and we hit him like poison in the pills.
Second, Sean Hannity 73.
George Rodriguez is in third place but on the verge of a major move with 70.
But he runs on Hannity's ass and bringing me a lot of people are going to be talking about that.
Bill O'Reilly 45.
Mohawar David only 44.
Middle of the pack.
Nice going mo.
Nice recovery.
You know, Howard Stern 32, Al Franken 31.
Daniel Abaxter's got.
About 30 men.
Which is cripplely audience he's got over there right now.
I lost my ticket.
Hank 25, Michael Savage 22.
Todd Schmidt 19.
And the thing just refers to again and it just goes hop on around.
I hate that.
Randy's got 18.
Randy Rhodes.
Yoli 13.
Phil Henry still got a dozen Steve Cain throughout me.
Rodriguez 10.
I got 10.
They hate me like poison but they're listening right now.
They love it.
I feel a need.
I feel a void.
A crevice.
A crack in the resistance.
As in.
I have no life.
Flennback 9.
OJ McDuffie 9.
The big 0.
Seven.
Theory Springer 6.
Eddie K3.
D-Post.
Only got three.
G-Gordon Litty 3.
Boosh-Hambi's got.
One Joe Rose's got.
One out of 859.
Both Ed Schultz's got.
Big O.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Woo.
Man.
That era America.
Looking how they help get Boosh out of office.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look at the tremendous impact they're making in those numbers.
They're doing it.
Remember all the stuff that they were going to do.
You know, I didn't happen.
Now what are you doing?
You hiding out of the table now or what?
Yeah.
Or maybe you're like running around.
And hoping trying to get people to vote for you again.
You have to do it.
I have to do it.
Sure.
They'll do it without your assistance.
Probably Maddie voted 40 times.
So you keep denying that.
Believe you.
He is your personal antichrist.
I don't know where you get that from.
There's only one confirmed hate in the building.
And who's that?
A reg?
Yeah.
Now see, Greg has gotten away.
He's not brave enough to have his own convictions about anything.
He would know good if you shoved it in his earlobe.
No, the less.
No.
You're wrong.
All right.
Now he gets that from certain air in, of course.
And then there was another.
I think he's in the past.
I think you and Moe have bonded since those days.
Yeah, Greg hates him too.
What do you mean by that?
He's extending his, oh, that's right.
The deal's probably made with Joyce.
Greg doesn't make any deals anymore.
He's been kind of like the Claude, you know?
He's kind of like Tom Dickey.
He's bald and debald.
From a minute's past noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, I'm sure you're familiar with a guy named Anthony Calliando,
the main man at acceptance capital mortgage.
So before you call any other mortgage company, please let the main man tell you what you don't know.
Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products?
And if your credit is less than absolutely perfect, then you got problems.
In fact, get ready.
You hear the most famous two letter word in English language if it's not perfect.
Oh, that's correct.
If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting improved are 50, 50 at best.
So do yourself a humongous favor.
Call right now.
Tool free.
One triple eight for eight three loan.
That's one triple eight for eight three loan.
And let the main man and his team put you into mortgage that meets your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned on because you called the wrong number.
Call the main man, Anthony Calliando would acceptance capital mortgage tool free at one.
Triple eight for eight three loan.
That's triple eight for eight three loan.
And every time they close a loan, a portion of the proceeds donate to the kids in distress.
So why call anybody else avoid the bait and switch?
Get the best deal going anywhere with the main man today.
One eight eight eight for eight three loan.
Be sure and tell him that Berkeley told you to call.
You'll listen to Neil Roger.
You'll listen to the power on 560-60 at QAM.
And it does.
No way they'd kill this year.
From hockey's God.
A hoses made his fear.
No evidence.
No faithful means.
No red wings and no stars.
The only fight he can and the will be inside the forest.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I didn't do a sports show as you recall. It was a Hank show. It was the Hank show and he talked about a whole bunch of other stuff. And it's some interesting guests and some boring guests and whatever else, but I mean it was the Hank show. It wasn't a sports show. And then all of a sudden this whole, you know, this is like, it's like with television, you know, this is not a lasting thing. This is one of those phases that comes and goes like Westerns and then Creep Shows and now it's all the so-called reality shows and then next week it'll be something else. And then that's the way it works. Just like we had the party radio on there for like what, five minutes on Cox.
And just like the FM music formats, you see the one format that's always consistent on FM is hits of the past, oldies. And you want to know why? And I mean there's something to do a better than others obviously. Right. I don't want it because they're always oldies. And because all of us want to hear from time to time, not always a steady diet, but some of the music we grew up with and we liked and we'd like to hear again someday, which you'll ever hear on magic, but you don't say it. Right. So there's some formats that are like forever and there's some that are like just a passing phase.
Like on television, soap operas, guiding lights been on for like, I don't know, 40 years some years and some of the other soaps on there have been on for 30, 40 years. I would say.
But third man. Yeah. Because people watch the movie day and becomes a part of their lives. But when you're talking about these contrived formats that are like so narrow in scope, let's just talk about baseball card collecting. Let's talk about new mathematics.
Yeah. Let's have a coin collecting station. Not a show. Let's have a radio station about coin collecting. And then we can have our sister station can be the stand collecting show. And then we can have another station will be the baseball collecting show. The member of B.D.O. show will own the market. Right. Well, we'll corner everything. Whatever you're collecting, we got a station that covers it like a blanket. Right. Yeah. How could you fail? What's not to like? Don't you Q.A. and hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to say hi to Neil.
I'm in town. I'm flying back to Vegas. Um, today. Oh, this is me. Bob Lincoln is it? Oh, geez. Why would you have an out of life? Huh? It's not. That was Bob Lincoln. It wasn't. Well, he sounded too much like him for my. Too many people that sound like Bob Lincoln. I was him. He might have been trying to sound like Bob Lincoln. Oh, I don't care who it was. I don't want to talk to him or anybody who sounds like him. Be very loud. After what he does. Yeah. See this. This is like the thing with Duff. Okay. After somebody abuses you to such a degree, you have to finally.
And that's my own personal weakness. You don't say it's 40 times. You know, it's not a question of holding a grudge. It's a question of when somebody is a negative factor in your life, you have to finally just say, that's it. I just cut the cord. Okay. Just go away. Huh. Right. Let's think about that. Well, what is there to think about? It's the truth. You know who I'm talking about in your case. Oh, no, I know who you're talking about in your case. No, I know who you're talking about in your case. Okay. I know exactly who you're talking about. Five, six. I don't want to get involved. See, that's fun. You know me. I'm not.
Mine my own business. I don't get involved in any of that, but I just my own business. I'm here attending to. And that's it. WQAM. Hello Yo. Who's gonna win the World Series? Yeah. Well, the Yankees Yankees got when we're all serious. Now. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Uncle Nelson. Yeah. Uh, I, m that hemorrhoids. Now that I gave you some good material for have a day with John. Please W. Q. A. M. Hello. Wow. Yeah. Good one. Q I. M. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? How are you?
good. Monday or Tuesday when I was
looking to how I switched over to Paul
real quick. Yeah, he was ripping the
mad dog. He was ripping you. We already
heard about that. We don't care. We didn't
care on Monday. We don't care about it
now. How do you like that? He was ripping
you when he was in Randy was playing
your drop in. Why don't some of you people
grow up already? Would you please?
I have no right. Who cares? This is so
juvenile. You know, like when you were in
a sandbox in school, Johnny said that
you had bad breath and Tommy said that
you were firing and you done duty in your
pants. Yeah, all this childish crap.
Grow up already. Okay. If it was something
that we cared about, maybe we might care.
But in case of Caserova, Mr. I have no
material. I lied through my teeth
consistently and I was desperate to get on
Q. I. I'm quite frankly who cares?
Other than that guy.
Dominic Q. I. I'm hello. Yeah, yes, sir.
I would like to put all the sports nerds
in a wood chipper. I can't stand them.
Yeah. And you know what I'll see. I'll see
in far ago. Okay. Good call. Dominic Q. I.
Am hello. Q. I. Am. What if I happen to
build Smith? Dominic Q. I. Am. Hello.
He's sitting right next to you. Like
take a look. Oh, I'm sorry. Q. I. Am. Hello.
I know. Yes, sir. Has anybody put work on
your phone? She's not on the air. Oh, okay.
Listen, one of the things you used to eat your
sausages to be in what those are. Right?
No, you would be. Yes. I would be. Well, you know,
I do never told me the robot. I used to fish
behind her and I saw this in one day. No.
And you were never told me the robot. I'd be
George's us. Wayne Chandler. Toby the robot.
Oh, that was when Chandler's. I remember that.
That's before my time here. Yeah, he's a fish.
Me. I'm I. O. D. in Channel seven. All the time.
Well, that's pretty interesting.
Dominic Q. I. Am. Line nine. Hello. Do it now.
George is my turn to win the office pool.
Dominic Q. I. Am. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm not so I'm like this. I want to pay a compliment.
It was refreshing to hear your type of radio show because
in Vegas, all you do is get sports shows on every
bank channel. So I was calling to.
Oh, this is the call before that sounded like Bob
looking at a hung up on your ones.
That I heard because your voices are extremely annoying.
I mean, who talks like that? Maybe that sounded like Toby
the robot. That's who it sounded like.
By the way, the guy said he'll bring your arm back.
Pretty strong, Tommy. That was good.
I'm from Las Vegas. Sounds to me like maybe they're
sticking us one of those slot machines.
Okay, grind it up a little bit or maybe in the woodshipper
would the sports nerds. I like that idea though.
That's a really good idea. All these sports nerds
call in. And of course, there's Carl and you know,
and there is one from a little event the same thing that
we got. We got our own nerds, but the sports nerds
are even more desperate because I have no right.
Dominic Q. I. Am. Hello. How you doing?
Happy day. Patrick. Thank you, Falley.
Hey, I thought you were kidding about that.
Can't friendly and free, but actually listening to you.
He really does sound like a strange.
A. R. R. R. R. What's the tiny show?
Yeah, do industry on air America.
Local smoke a big green better listen. All right.
All right. Yeah, tiny is going to be jugged in.
He's going to be a monster. He's going to drop a load
all over your radio dial. 26 past noon.
I did one thing for a little dog boy.
He sure could make a big deposit.
I never said about the watch over your floor. Huh?
They should pack it away. Oh, yeah.
Let's see. Sean Hannity 78 and you got 72.
I'm keeping an eye on that race there because it's really.
We're watching the Alita board. Okay.
That is already at risk.
The true rate of adverse psychiatric effects among steroid users is unknown.
One controlled study of 160 athletes reported that 11% were diagnosed with major depression.
And that the psychiatric effects.
This guy sounds like he got losing.
He's not one of the parents.
He's a social professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan medical school.
He sounds like a win.
29% for 77.
Any sound like he's going to lose it?
You're fairy.
So like a good 26 past noon.
A Q a M even after all this time there's still some of you out there a little bit nervous about buying your bed on a phone.
Rest at ease. Okay.
Believe me because when you call 1 800 mattress dial amatris, you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy.
So there's no risk.
Even the dial amatris liberal is not a dirty word.
Did you know that 1 800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the world?
So once you try to never go back to a showroom again and get ripped off,
you'll get no nonsense, no run arounds, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices on the best brands.
You know trust in love when you call 1 800 mattress will be calling the company right number one in customer satisfaction.
A dollar mattress they carry.
Seely, Surtos, Simmons, King, Coral, Trappin P.
The Even Steer and Zinvanana's foster too.
And now dial amatris offers you no payments or interest until 2006 till next year.
So call him today and get yourself the best deal going in the world.
1 800 mattress yours truly.
Mo George Miguel, fat boy lots of folks in QM or wise enough to know that these are the folks you want to get your mattress from.
Call him right now 1 800 mattress or new your shopping online if you'd like at mattress.com for the best sleep you've had in years and years.
1 800 MATT R E S.
Yours needs a new Roger's.
Corrections.
560 to 8 AM.
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Roger's.
Hello Jenny, I just lost 15 pounds just 75 to go.
Just the reality as you know it's me to call I.D.
Better put that battery to me down.
And if we're a genius and resign here.
It's no Michael.
When am I getting my.
Do and Jenny Craig cuz you're big and.
I like to consider myself.
Plasma.
You're still pretty in your late white shirt.
I'm sexy in your triple X.
They go.
I'm actually not a look good.
It's one thing sexy isn't it?
I see what you're doing.
It's half a hit.
See me show.
Go.
I say go.
I say go.
Go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
I say go.
Hey, you gotta see that's fall.
Especially when she says go.
She's squealing as if this is like a way beyond orgasmic experience.
It's nausea and I feel very blessed that I keep missing it.
Anyway, here's the schedule.
Ed Schultz got a vote on our poll finally.
We got $900.
We got $9000.
We got to get 1000 before one o'clock.
I believe Josh when we put our heads to it, what do you think?
$9.24?
We got to have an hour.
Absolutely.
Well, you sure are off your feet today, that jury duty must have like just taken the
start out of your ass.
Oh, it definitely did.
Did it really?
Yeah.
By the way, Josh Cordis would love the serve on.
In fact, he'd like to be a professional juror and go at least once in twice a week is
what I heard.
Loads of feet of...
Did they feed you there?
Oh.
You kidding me?
What does that mean?
What a ripoff.
They don't feed you?
They don't give you like a salami sandwich or something?
Do they feed the jurors?
No.
I don't know.
Well, I'm sure they must feed the jurors like in a trowel where they're like the jury
is, you know.
It's a questor.
Exactly.
They're in sequester.
No, you can go eat in their cafe in the courthouse.
In their cafe?
That's right.
That's right.
It's a real fine cuisine, too.
Here is a schedule for today from Claret's Dero, who's scribbling now looks like that of
a beaten child in a room saying like a...
He was kind of throwing in the towel.
Well, what are you going to do when he knows the dolphin games, you know?
Today's schedule, two to four, we got Mohawar David.
What's he's got?
Because Mohaw's doing out...
Now, I don't want him forwards in his mouth, but I mean, that article in the Palm Beach.
Maybe he did talk about yesterday, did he?
Do we know?
How would we do that?
I know.
Why, Josh lessons religiously.
Not to move.
Oh.
Well, now what does that mean?
That sounded like a shot.
Just when we're starting to bond a little bit when he let his hair down.
Anyway, well, I'm sure you'll be hearing something about that.
He let it.
Moe two to four and Curtis four to seven.
How come we didn't put Curtis Stevenson on him?
Well, nobody would like...
I mean, anybody would vote...
They don't like Curtis Stevenson.
Come on.
Plus, Curtis is at the moment still kind of like to fill in.
You know what I mean?
He lives.
To fill in, right?
The good news for you is that it looks like Sean Hannity may be pulling away
giving a little breathing space.
Not by much, though.
Really?
And we still have not had one person that calls in here yet
that give us one legitimate reason.
They just like to dump on you, okay, because you're helpful and, you know,
little guy, because you're about two feet tall.
So they just want to dump on your ass.
They got nothing legitimate.
You know, just like Maddie Bell, same thing.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
Well, that's in that case.
It's just one little guy going after the other one.
See that? I can understand.
Birds of a feather hate each other like poison.
Maddie said he likes me a lot.
Yeah, right.
WQAM, hello.
Good, man.
Yes, sir.
I have an idea for a poll.
Uh-huh.
And I voted for a restaurant, by the way.
Yeah.
How unusual.
Out of all the local television,
TV anchors on all the local channels.
Yes, sir.
Why don't we go to three categories?
Best anchor, best weather person, best sportscaster,
and see what?
Boring, very boring.
First of all, most people don't even know the names of the news anchor anymore.
We don't have any standout people I can't fish up or Ralph Redneck anymore or Glenn
W. What was John Hamburg?
So what's the point?
That is so boring.
Yeah, Bishop stood out, all right.
No, no, seriously.
We don't have anybody of any significance.
They're here today going tomorrow.
And poor weatherman Roland Stettom, what are we going to do?
You've got to be kidding me.
We're like breaking down, getting emotional Roland Stettom.
I mean, there's about as much significant, even Miss Kamal left a bigger mark, a bigger
stain on South Florida, a big, bloody stain.
But I mean, Roland Stettom, cracker, please, get serious.
Dominic QA& Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about me though?
What about what?
Me too.
Me palete.
And what is that?
Sorry, I missed it.
Dominic QA& Hello.
Hey, morning.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, good evening.
And you know, when I first started listening to you several years ago, when George would
come on and replace you, I used to hate it just because he wasn't you.
Right.
But once I get over the fact that you weren't coming back no matter what, I started listening
to George and I got to know like what he was doing.
So I give thumbs up to George.
Give him a thumbs up for Cranowl.
I mean, stop this bleeding for Cranowl.
This is just pullover blood.
What do you say?
I'm not really muddied enough.
I'm missing a lot of things today.
Yeah, that would be helpful for me.
I don't know if you'd listen.
That would be good because because the level in some of these calls, you know, I think so.
You know, I'm not that I'm suffering from worse disease.
I haven't certain pop and pills yet.
But I'll have to Monday morning's performance by a middle-level management people.
It's a miracle I haven't.
I just absolutely refuse.
I have said to myself, I've looked in the mirror and I said, self, I will not put up with these crazy people anymore.
I just I refuse.
I absolutely will not.
You know, this business coming in the morning and patting us on ahead.
You need anything.
We don't need any assistance.
Okay, this show is just fine.
Without any middle-level intermediary suck-alongs coming in and sucking up to us.
Okay, if this is anybody, if this show other than the people who work on it, which is the three of us, Envoca Brian,
if this show is anybody's reason for existence on the payroll of this radio station, other than the four of us,
then I would suggest that they search other employment.
In case my drift, you drifted?
I'm drifting right now.
Me and the drifters.
Oh, by the way, are the drifters on there?
Better check.
Oh, the drifters.
How could the drifters not be on the Rock of the Rolls-Berry?
88, they were there.
They better be.
Thank God for that.
All right, just run out right up on the roof.
Think about jumping.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yes, now, what about the talented ProJ of Steve Cain, Brian Craig?
Oh, yeah, what about the not-the-town ProJ of Brian Craig, and Norm Stilce, as he was batting bed?
Somebody QAM, hello?
Is this extreme sports station?
This is extreme sports.
You got it, man.
Now you're talking.
All right.
Forget about this pedestrian regular sports.
We're going to go extreme sports.
Yeah.
There you go.
There you go.
Listen, I was wondering if the George could tell us one of his brilliant, Chris Rock story.
What stories?
Don't even.
That was a great call to weak when I was on.
Why?
It's a great call.
Meaning what?
It's one of your people I've seen.
Yeah, this is going here for a time, and I said Chris Rock instead of, what did I mean?
Kid Rock.
Kid Rock.
And there you go.
Okay.
See, all you got to is your feet.
You know, they'll hold in South Florida.
They will hold against you the rest of your life.
Only I do as far to a bad flavor one time.
Oh my God.
You've got that worst gas.
You know, that's not for you, man.
They're unrelenting, unforgiving.
They're just bastards, cruel, people.
Have we had one woman call this show today?
Not one.
You see what I'm saying?
That I can recall.
You can't complain about our female audience because we don't have any.
There was a watching the baseball steroid hearings, I'm sure.
The monitoring of athletes during testing.
Right.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, no.
What are you just going to do?
I'm going to QAM and all the garbage and go to the satellite.
I'm working on it.
You should just go, man.
I mean, what are you doing?
You're so much better.
They're going to do you bad anyway if you get a chance.
I'd like to have it all.
I'd like to have it all ready.
Doesn't be bad.
If they get the chance, they're going to do you bad.
Let me tell you the story about Greg Reed.
Enjoy.
Let me tell you that one.
I mean, you talk about lying.
In fact, one of the polls that somebody suggested, maybe it was our friend Sean.
Yeah.
Who's the biggest liar?
And he's got a lot of...
And I also...
I haven't used it yet, but I also wrote Greg Reed there at the bottom.
Lies are us.
That's what this company's all about.
They just lie and lie and make stuff up and give you a song of dance and a story and they shake your hand.
Oh, yeah, we got a deal.
And you're going to get your signing check on Wednesday.
And then, of course, they don't even bother telling me about it.
Nobody knows what they're talking about.
Stuff like this.
Things that the audience would...
You would absolutely need June Allison, okay, with a whole box full of the pens right next to you.
If you ever even heard some of these stories.
And if they want to keep pushing, I'll be more than delighted since we don't have anybody in the media.
It's going to be balls and in the print media.
I mean, you know, one thing about Tom.
He's ballless and he's stupid.
Don't call me again, Tom.
It's the waste of my time.
You are the sins of me, you evil, you evil rogers.
Exclusively, on 5th September, U.A.M.
Yeah?
And I, our CVS, don't miss a very special CSI Dublin.
Except for the Martin Officer of this employ in the rest of the day here, self-office or all those.
What do you say we find a murderer?
I write after we finish these points.
I'm St. Patrick's Day, everyone's Irish.
And on CSI Dublin, everyone's a suspect.
Okay, hurriedly, we think you're poisoned if it can't be with your car in faith and addicts.
You can't prove anything of yourself.
We're still going to take you down to the pub for the question.
CSI Dublin, it's one happy hour of television.
Here's your fine job, Petions House murderers.
Murderers?
We'll be on the club for one, don't listen.
And by God, all will those, I'm going to be seeing him doubling in.
I'm drinking to that.
CSI Dublin.
Happy same day.
Cam getting choking up a lot of myself.
Don't be making no comments about drunk and Irishmen.
You've had no problems already.
Okay, well, hundreds of sharks cited just off Delray beaches of beach cats,
rumors and surfers out of the ocean for the second straight day.
Yesterday during one of the busiest beach going months, how do you like that?
Lifeguards prohibited swimming along the beach to prevent spinner and black tiff sharks from five feet long
from mistaking people for food.
Oh, I hate when that happens.
We don't want to tempt fates and tell you why would that be a mistake?
We don't want to tempt fates and when you listen to these,
these are not the kind of sharks you're thinking about, the great white.
The sharks congregate off Palm Beach County of here in March and April to feast on sardines,
herring, anchovies, and other fish before margarading as far north as Jersey.
Said George Burgess directed the Florida program for shark research at the Florida Museum of Natural History in
Gainesville.
I wonder if George Burgess's kind of Tommy Burgess or Smoky Burgess or Blair Burgess or Burgess there.
They usually don't bother humans, but of attack swimmers and surfers because they confuse splashing and
shiny jewelry for fish.
Huh?
See that?
I don't be wearing no shiny jewelry, idiots.
These sharks are known to jump out of the water while feeding sometimes spinning up to three or four times.
These are spinners.
Spinners sharks.
The spinners pour it on that damn mothull of fame.
Tragic.
See how it all ties in?
Oh man, do I ever hate this?
You know, this thing that happens once in a while I print out the my page on there, you know?
Mm-hmm.
And like six blank pages come up and say, uh, recycle.
Recycle this.
Anyway, what do we got?
I had 951 on here.
953.
Are we going to make that thousand by one o'clock if George Cordis would have been pushing the audience in this and screaming and carrying on like a lunatic?
Maybe.
Now how are you making out with your Adidas body wash?
Um, almost done with it.
Yeah, because you're using too much.
You're not supposed to use the whole bottle for one shower you mean.
Yeah, you've got it.
You've got to put it everywhere, you know?
Yeah, I can tell you where to put it.
Jesus.
Yeah, listen, with George and I, we both made the same mistake at the beginning, but you're just out of control.
You're way over the top if you have a little more.
Now let me go.
I'm out of control, but YouTube did the same thing, huh?
Yeah, but not like the two showers for a whole bottle.
I said like maybe three or four.
Yeah, three or four.
Now let me just tell you something about body wash.
Okay, something very instructive.
And that is, you know, I told you I got that coast body wash.
Uh-huh.
And then there was a Jurgen's one, which is a little bit like some lilacky, a little bit too pansyish for you.
But one thing and even St. Ives, which George and I love that apricot.
And I think if you tried that, you would like that.
I mean, I saw it in public.
Hey, look, the worst thing you can happen is you don't like it when you throw it out.
It's not that I was in the aisle opening things up, smelling them.
And I didn't really want to smell like a fruit.
You're not going to smell like apricot.
It's okay, you don't smell.
See, can I give you a little piece of advice, please?
When you get through shmaring that stuff on you, you stay under the water and you wash it all off.
You don't just then get out and try to tell off, you wash it off.
You will not smell like anything except squeaky clean, okay?
Okay.
Trust me.
But anyway, listen to this.
This is very important.
St. Ives makes like, there's one called mountain blue or something like that.
And even this coast brand, which I thought coasted would be pretty good, because I like coast soap.
But some of them are the consistency is wrong.
You know what I mean?
When you squeeze it out, it isn't like the St. Ives apricot is great, because it's like real.
I don't know how to describe it.
It's thick.
No, but it's not.
But this other stuff, it's like a blob in your hand and it slides off your hand out of the shower floor.
It's just, you know what I mean?
It's not the right, yeah, I don't know what it is.
It's either too thin or too thick or not just right or whatever.
And a lot of these, I don't really like it all.
Like that the St. Ives makes some other ones.
Now St. Ives makes a line, one, what the hell, energizing citrus or something.
That's great, especially on your...
Backdome.
You want to have an energetic ass?
No, no, seriously.
St. Ives makes a couple of good ones, but even, oh hey, there's nothing like an energetic ass.
Backdome.
That's what I've been told.
Yeah.
Let's see, the radio talk show host you dislike the most.
I printed this out and now there's like a whole bunch more hosts, because we're trying to get to a thousand by one o'clock,
which I don't think we've ever done since maybe the alien days, or maybe during the election time.
I don't know, very rare, right?
Right.
That's because now we're putting the new pool on the early 9.62.
I don't know, we got like 10 minutes.
Can we do 38 votes in 10 minutes?
What do you got?
How many you got?
Refresh that baby.
A little shmere a little bit of that St. Ives on it.
Ah.
64.
9.64.
We got 36 in 10 minutes.
That's like almost four minutes.
Better get with it, folks.
Hop on that baby in a pull two.
The radio talk show host you dislike the most is from the bottom up.
Joros one, itch-holt-one, boom-shambi one.
Gordon-Ludy three, jam-and-it-three at Kaplan three.
Jeff the florist has got four, all Indians.
Jerry Springer six.
The big O's got eight.
O'Jay McDuffie's got nine.
The juice.
Ah.
Glenn Beck's got nine.
I got a dozen.
Phil Henry's got a dozen.
That's me and Phil.
Good.
Are you sure?
Tight as a drum.
Steve came 13, Guilty 14, Randy Roads 21, Todd the Schmidt-Mistor 21.
Michael Savage 25, The Humber's got 26.
Dan Love Bastard 31.
Howard Stern 35, 36 for Al Franken.
Mohawar David 48, Bill O'Reilly 48.
George Rodriguez 77, a solid third, Sean Hand of the 84, and Ruff.
Limpah, he's got 411.
What do you like that?
Yeah, pop a couple more, Ruff.
411.
They hate him.
They despise him.
And you see Bill O'Reilly only 48.
Is he actually on the air this far?
Yes, nobody listens.
He's still got a-
Oh!
Oh, he's still got a point.
Oh!
Nothing.
Doesn't make the need to move on a Richter scale.
That's the impact he's got.
Let's see, there's the sharks.
Oh, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Churdov said he has a mistake for Hawaii
to post a confidential report on its website.
But the department will continue to communicate openly with state and local authorities about potential terror threats.
Hawaii officials published a draft copy of a confidential Homeland Security report that catalogs the way terrorists might strike in the United States.
So many different ways.
Bastard, man!
The report requested by President Joe Directive in December 2003 marks Homeland Security efforts to spur state and local authorities into thinking about preventing attacks.
In other words, they have the same with that anthrax scale which turned out to be much to do about nothing.
Now, wait a year or less.
This is gonna be a chuckle.
Wait a year.
Wait a year.
I'm choked up about it.
Wesley Clark, who was so great on meat to press, told supporters yesterday that he's launched a redesigned website for his political action committee and plans to stay at the forefront of the national debate.
I'm like I told you before to show today if he just make sure to hit all the right delis next time he's in South Florida, he might just have a shot this time.
The retired four star general was one of several Democrats who ran for president of bad at the race in early February after two third place finishes in Southern states.
I've been working hard to regroup after the November elections he wrote in the email to supporters adding he wants to strengthen WestPak, his political action committee for the challenges ahead.
And aid dismissed any suggestion that the launch of the VVANF website indicates that Clark stands to run for president again.
Yeah, like we really believe that.
So think that this means that WestPak is running for president is ridiculous at Eric Mullen having said that all options having said that all options are on the table.
Cute.
Not cute.
Oh, there he is.
Hey, let's not say if he makes a couple more trips to the deli then and maybe stuff so cookies up there and whatever they are now.
Tamarack, he could be really dangerous.
5 6 7 0 5 60 we have yet to hear one reason even though you've got the 79 votes on there we have yet to hear one reason why these people really despise you and the sad part of it is that George is going on vacation tomorrow for a week till next Friday.
Next Friday I won't be here because it's a good Friday.
I absolutely refuse to work that weekend.
East a weekend.
You're so.
But we really bad for him to walk out here feeling like mighty low.
You know what I hate him like poison and depressed wouldn't it?
No.
And make you home and kind of feel the same way.
Yeah.
WCWAM.
Hello.
Yes.
WCWAM.
Hello.
Yes.
You're one free of 40 people reading the QAM.
Yeah, the chipmunk makes the 5 6 7 0 5 60.
David's in on the chipmunks.
They're in there.
They're bubbling under pound 5 60 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
How many QAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil how's it going?
Okay.
Hey guys, my little fire place stopped by Arnold's Royal Castle.
They don't have the other radio anymore.
What's up big back.
Seven year what?
What does that mean?
Why do you know everything you're doing?
You're always having the background you know and everything and everything.
Well, Hudson doesn't work there anymore.
He died and his wife died.
Was Wayne there?
Yeah, Wayne.
He actually was sitting having a stuff in his face with a.
Well, no way.
Hey, you better get away that way and we're going to start telling him some stories.
I know he's not a talk to us, but you got to put that fat swab pole on there because everybody hates him.
No, we don't.
I don't like that.
We know he I know he's not a talk host, but you got to put the fat swab on there.
Just so this guy can do it.
I like it.
See, you're in this business.
I used to get this crap.
All the erogenous is so negative.
There's nothing at all negative about me.
I call him like I see him.
The good, the bad, the ugly in between, the negative, the positive.
But the fact of the matter is that most of you people are so negative.
It's just it's just deflating.
It's like stick it up in and it could your blimp.
You could ruin a wet dream.
You're so depressing.
It's unbelievable.
And there's a that's a chronic one.
Real chronic.
WQA am hello.
WQA am hello.
Hello.
You said you're seeing I was the wrong consistency one time.
Though you said I said some of the flavors, the raw.
Yes.
My wife told me they make it do she might want to watch out for the name.
Okay, great.
Welcome.
Come in to QIM.
Hello.
QIM.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Oh, lady.
I'm on the road at the time.
Yes, quickly.
I think last last time I talked to you was right before a wish one is first the left.
Yeah, I'm so sorry.
I know me too.
Anyways, I wanted to say you were truly close on you.
And I love listening to him now.
And just like that other gentleman that calls earlier said in the beginning I was disappointed.
But then now when he's on I think like to about it.
I love listening to him.
Oh, there you go.
Thank you.
You're doing a good job George.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Have a good day.
I made our day.
Okay, you're the one of course.
Because guys would never send a good about you because that would be like.
You were listening to me, Neil Rogers.
Exclusively on 5th.
QA M.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
This is talent who is with Jeff Genneth.
The White House Press Corps is most trusted name in journalism.
Hi, Jeff Genneth here with your top or bottom of the hour right wing ground I low down.
Christian's rejoice.
It's Rap Germania.
Fearless leader Bush says it a White House memo written by Andrew Card.
That God spoke to him last night about the rapture.
After reassuring fearless leader that it won't matter how bad things get.
We're all going to die anyway.
He added that after taking a closer look at Fat Pasty Redneck Christian morons.
He decided to leave their clothes on when the rapture comes.
And now these words from the front page of my website.
Attention Christian Republican mess.
Are you looking for a Marine?
Now you can bang the Bible.
And me?
Check my website for appointment availability on JeffGennethMailBooker.com.
See me as I am or for less than a fist full of dollars more.
I can satisfy most fetishes including reading passages from Bill O'Reilly's latest text novel.
While dressed as a Catholic school girl.
If you long to feel closer to God by saying, oh God that's good.
Let Jeff Genneth erect his feet on your shirt.
You fairy.
102 and 560.
The majority of you in those baseball steroid hearings are on.
The polyesteroids is in fact.
It's going to be that it will put it up at least allegedly taking a dietary supplement that contains a band substance.
So in other words I could be taking a dietary supplement right now and be taking some controlled substance.
In fact there is no doubt about it.
And in fact it's one of the travesties.
Well we know that most of those publics are on drugs anyway right.
This story that you somebody fasted in and you facted it to me quite a while ago.
Don't you think we hit that on our website in my poll?
A pile?
What was that?
Well then we did over a thousand by one o'clock Josh.
A thousand and fifteen by my count.
I told you.
Tell me what.
We're going to give Drafton a bottle of a body wash.
A thousand and fifteen by one o'clock.
This could be a record.
Let's hear it right it down.
I'm going to come back.
Obesity of the epidemic could share it with you.
A sharply reduced life expectancy for Americans.
The obesity epidemic will cause life expectancy to dramatically decrease for the first time in centuries.
If Americans don't make major changes in their lifestyle and new study as a study
experts and let's draw in now what's her name?
Cursty.
Get skinny.
Read me these things.
Hold on mediums good.
Now you've seen this spot.
Have any of Josh?
I have.
She got that triple pancake.
Oh god.
With real butter.
She is disgusting.
With a purple schmata on it, purple burlap sack.
If the trend continues, the US life expectancy will level off in the next ten years and begin a sustained
decline that could shape two to five years off the average Americans life by 2050.
Oh my god.
The authors of this study published today in the New England Journal of Medicine say the danger
is growing because people are becoming fat at younger ages.
As more Americans carry excess pounds from adolescence into adulthood, more will suffer the life-shortening
complications of obesity at earlier ages.
Rich.
They say medical advancements won't be a fat boy, beast.
They say medical advancements won't be able to make up for greater rates of heart-effects, diabetes.
Cancer is an immediate other life-shortening complications that are tied to being overweight and inactive.
By the way, BB King, he's in there, right?
He's in there.
He's got a BBs.
Huh?
He's in there.
BB King says that's the one with the diabetes.
Medical advancements won't be able to make up for these greater rates of these diseases.
It's when higher debts are occurring at younger ages.
You expect to see dramatic declines in life expectancy.
It says S.J. Olshansky, public health professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago,
and lead author of this study.
And that's what's going to happen here.
Our younger generations in jeopardy, they'll be swamped by the negative effects of obesity at younger ages.
How do you like that?
Well, there you go.
You want to die real fast, start taking out.
Yeah, we're going to cry a few times, right?
Huh?
They said only two to five years?
Right.
Well, it's worth it for all that cookie dough.
Cookie dough, cookie cake, and a teeny.
You've got to see this spot.
In fact, during this whole week, you're going to be off for a week.
Just sit there and keep channel surfing for the purple schmata.
You'll know right away what it is.
God's Yenny, this is great to get here.
Let's get really yeast skinny.
5670560, pound 56 daily of a residence singular right of the slides.
Calls they have been really special, like that corn.
70QAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I believe with the recent talk about the crispy cookie dough,
I'm going to have this now.
Yeah, it is.
70QAM, hello.
How's it going, Neil?
I think it is.
All right.
I think the hell with the baseball stories, how about the stories they're poking in our
food, like in a poultry and in a beef?
Yeah, nobody cares about that.
Then, yeah, this Congress that's sitting there so outraged by the FDA is allowing us to
be poisoned every day.
Yeah, exactly right.
You got your thumb right on it, man.
It's the whole of them pony shells.
Yeah, no wonder the kernel is rotting in hell.
OK, I'm out.
Thanks, pal.
Now, he's got a great point.
Here's this government that's supposed to protect everybody from everything else.
And they're saying, well, you baseball people and Bud Light, if you don't start enforcing
us some tougher laws, we're going to impose them.
Well, how about protecting the public from all these poisons and the FDA protecting us
for all these damn drugs that they keep putting back in a market?
Oh, well, Vios is bad.
It's going to kill you, but we got a whole bunch of it all made up now.
So we're going to put it back out there and see if you're dumb enough to take it and
so core and celebrate all of these things.
How do you like that?
All of these things.
And I'm going to say it again, advertising a prescription drugs in Canada is illegal.
It's not allowed.
And in the US, especially on the news shows, every spot, 99.
And if it's not for prescription drug, it's for some over-the-counter remedy or some
crap.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Every single spot.
So you can go to your doctor.
Oh, I want a prescription for that.
I saw on that broker.
I saw on Brian Williams.
Yeah, right.
Well, it's a good American.
The public kickbacks.
Well, that can never happen in the US.
The American public is hooked on drugs.
And while I worried about little wacky weed or something and about steroids with baseball
players.
And in the meantime, all people, especially anybody else, just walk in medicine cabinets.
And where's the government holding hearings about that?
Your Fonibolony government.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
It me, oh?
It sounds like me.
Oh, hi.
I just want to know, let you know that you do have women's fans.
And I'm a member of the...
I'm a member of a mom's club in Davies.
Right.
And we are a lot of girls listening to you.
I think that women are just too busy a lot of time to come to life.
Yeah, they have a lot of time.
Most of the women have a life.
They're out there watching jury's spramming.
They do whatever they're doing.
That's right.
That's right.
So keep doing what you're doing.
We're listening.
Okay, thanks.
Say hello to my friends in Davies.
Oh, bye-bye.
And don't have a park that horse.
Bye-bye.
I always say to my staff, please do not comment if you're angry because your cognitive
abilities are not going to be a shark.
So yes, indeed, if you're very, very angry, your ability to do the right thing and make
proper decisions is going to be markedly, markedly impaired.
How do you like that?
That, whatever she said, man.
Yeah.
I say our second ed emotion.
W-D-Q-A-M-Holo.
I'm making a baby.
Quick, fast, I'm making a baby.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I was going on about the last call, or he said about the government putting steroids
on a food.
Maybe they got a conjecture in hollow.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You see, the pool is closed.
Remember when I told them that?
I did this whole homework and then this morning, I added a couple more.
And that was the end of their participation in this show.
That was the end of them.
Oh, what do we do now?
Just make jackasses out of yourself.
Good job, though, by the way.
Excellent.
Good work.
We did a thousand and fifteen votes by one o'clock.
They're busy on our website, maybe.
Plus, they're also checking out that picture that's being in a baseball.
That's, there needs to be an investigation of that.
It's one thing for players to be buddy, buddy, pretty tight.
But there's something really rotten in Denmark there, you know?
Talk about checking out their goods.
Maybe he would, maybe he's checking for steroids.
Maybe that's where they hide them.
Huh?
That's what they call them, I guess.
Yeah, maybe they're checking for Roy's.
1044 is the number we got on there.
The radio talk host you dislike the most.
Rush Limbaugh, 448 votes.
Oh my god.
Holy man, they hate him.
Even the ones who are listening to him right now.
Sean Hannity 92.
George Rodriguez 83.
Got a little bit of a leeway in there, but I don't know.
The verticals still out.
Mohawar David and 53.
You got Moby hands down.
Bill O'Reilly, Fitty, Al Franken 38, Howard Stern 37, Dan LaBaster 34, Randy Roads 27,
the Humper 26, Michael Savage 25, Todd Schmidt 24.
Mr. Ego, the canemeister 16 with his contrabult controversy and his new fond born again religion.
Gioldi 14.
Phil Henry and the O'Rive just 12 of peace.
Can't separate us.
Glenn Beck 10, O'Jeeh McDuffey 10, the juicemeister.
The big O-8, Terry Springer's 8.
Jeff the 4 is 4, 88, K3, Adjim Manditz 3.
G-Gordon Litties got 3, nobody knows who that is anymore.
They forget.
Ed Shultz has got a pair.
Ed's got 2.
You're fairy.
Boosh, Jambi 1 and Joe Rose 1 out of 1044 votes.
That is pretty impressive.
Even Josh is pretty psyched about that.
He's so excited.
He's going to go out there to Walgreens today and by whole.
A case full of all kinds of body wash mixed flavors.
Like the guy said, be careful.
You know take home the douche or the scrub is okay.
That apricot scrub.
Is that what you use?
Today is.
Now to reduce the apricot scrub.
He's scrubbing it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Let's just go get him.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, happy to impact this day.
And back to him.
How are you, sir?
Okay, I'm sitting on the couch 9 p.m.
I said, okay, let's see if Mr. Peterson gets in the same cell as Blake.
But no, they give another guy a free off.
It's unbelievable.
But it's been a little bit.
You're not going to.
I'm not going to burr-
Oh, come on.
The guy was free.
They should be fried men together with Scott Peter.
Get out of here.
The bitch had a coming man.
You run a wrong show.
Call up, uh, call up, uh, Ms. Fudge.
By the way, I noticed that the right wingers, they're all like, especially Ms. Fudge, hyper-evident
lady on behalf of Michael Jackson.
What's that all about?
Yeah, I was going to ask you.
I-I-I-I-you're asking me.
I don't know.
I guess anybody who might, uh, any, any male who might be doing something with other
males, I guess, uh, Ms. Fudge, I mean, every article, every ex-culpatory piece, it's on
their head, with the headlights and hysteria, all this other crap.
Who are you kidding?
You screamer, you man.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQAM.
You're fair.
I-I actually, I'm certain to like that with the, uh, sound like he talking through a, through
a megaphone.
Doesn't it?
You're like the robot out of the tube.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you,
very.
I know.
Hey, spring is here and right now is a great time to get down to Armstrong Ford or Homestead
for some great deals on new O-5s.
Right now get your fat ass behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from
Ford and zero percent financing.
How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back in 1.9 percent financing?
Check out the O-5 Ford or Explorer right now at Armstrong Ford or Homestead with $2,500
cash back and 1.9 percent financing.
And don't forget, only when you buy from Armstrong Ford or Homestead, when you get their
exclusive, tires, parts and batteries for life program, plus a free flow to sun pass,
nobody else would even dream of doing all of these things.
Armstrong Ford is proud of our service men and women too and if you're in the military,
or if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty, service, national
guard, coast guard, whatever the deal, you'll get a military appreciation discount.
David Richardson is staff at Armstrong Ford or Homestead will guarantee you the best price
and don't forget, Armstrong Ford or Homestead is locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you fantastic because they are determined to make you a customer full
life.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead, you'll find them at 307-25 South Dixie Highway, 20 easy minutes
out to the 836.
You can check them on the web on their website, ArmstrongCars.com or give David or Victor
a call at 305-24751-12.
What is that again?
305-24751-12.
Grab a little bit and save thousands on that great Ford and Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are listening to Neil Rogers, exclusively on 560-125.
I have been called to come back to kids.
It's been sort of the ill and it'll not be out of commission for a week or two and I'll
be back tomorrow.
It's no big deal.
And they said I was in the top 5% and they're my age to help.
I feel fine.
Every day that goes by, I feel a little more like Rocky Balboa.
More than 100,000 physicians and we're not proved.
We will try to do more.
We shouldn't stop it.
More than a quarter of a million physicians, it's ambitious and achievable, but it's
not enough.
It's missing and good for my heart.
I don't know what it is.
I've got a big, big, big, lovely youth.
I feel so much your mind.
I feel so much your mind.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
118-056-125.
A Jim and Pepper Prices of Eno makes a good body wash as well.
It makes skin therapy.
And they have type of cake.
I hear it very fast from a Jake, which is obviously a phony name.
This looks like an inside deal to me, but nevertheless, whatever it is.
And my favorite is PSI Dairy to read this on here because the truth hurts.
I'm wounded, Jake, or whatever your name really is.
Probably from Maddie Bell.
Neil, you are by far the worst on radio when it comes to being negative.
But thanks for listening anyway, Jake.
Neil, I don't have a problem if someone says something on it.
See, you know what really gets me is there's never anything specific.
It's always these glittering generalities.
So I dear you to face this back, Jake, with just one example of what you're talking about.
Because I happen to me if it's something I believe, or somebody I like.
And you know what I stop and think about the different people in that radio station.
The people on the air, now Mo and I, well, Mo and everybody have had their problems,
but even now we're like bonding a little bit.
But other than that, that aside, is there anybody else on the air there that I don't get along with?
Or I say bad things about that?
Joseph Gekki's ability as a sportscaster, I rip that butt again, and personally,
we get along fine.
He's a good guy.
There's a lot of people there on the air.
I don't have a problem with any of them.
They're all good people.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, but anyway, let me read the thing.
I don't have a problem if somebody says something on their show about you that you disagree and you rip them.
You're just an angry person, co-workers or people working at other stations that never mentioned your name.
You're just negative about them for no reason.
No, I'm never negative about anything for no reason.
I like to slots refer into my was very positive about that.
Now, the people in big counties sat on their ass and let a few old, the black toothed Cubans voted down.
But I was very positive about that.
There was anything on positive.
Like the Panthers, I was real positive about that, but then it turned out the community's support was cloning and making believe
and nobody really cared.
No matter what it is that you try to be positive about, the community is negative.
It is a sour negative community.
But if you tell the truth and get it on this opinion, then that makes me negative.
Which is fine.
You're a very negative and angry person.
Says Jake.
Well, I'm waiting for your specific Jake.
I'm waiting for him sitting and I dare you to fix him in.
How do you like that?
Double Daria.
If I say something negative about anybody, believe me, there's a real good reason for it.
I'd like to know one person I've ever said anything negative about.
For example, Dan La Bastard, who's a no talent piece of crap.
Maybe this is from the other joint.
I think so.
Maybe that's from over there.
It's entirely possible.
It's certainly possible because they're desperately trying to like, ah, we're going to die.
You know something?
It's not even worth the effort.
It's like swatting the mosquito off your ass.
Let's see what we got so far.
Speaking of the negative.
Speaking of that's why we're getting a big response on this because it's negative.
Say who do you dislike?
Who do you like?
Like that?
See the radio talk host and of course when I did the full, I know we'd get that.
That's because I'm so negative.
The host you dislike the most is Russia.
I'm all four hundred and sixty three.
I mean, he just set him off to the side in a league of his own.
Sean Hannity, ninety three, a little George 84, Mohaward David 55, Bill O'Reilly 52, Howard
Stern 40, Al Franken 38, Dan La Bastard 36, Randy Rhodes 28, Hank 27, Michael 7, 27,
and down from there.
567-0560, Palm 5660 on the Verizon cellular wireless line.
WDQIM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you, buddy?
Okay, Pally.
Hey listen, I have two things.
We're talking about the music poll yesterday.
Real quick.
Do you remember your own panic finger?
Do you think they sounded a lot like the Beatles?
Paul McCartney actually produced a group and one of their hits, if you want it, he wrote
that song for the Beatles and ended up passing it along to the group.
Yeah, I've read that there was an Apple Records which was the Beatles label.
Yeah, I've all the Beatles and Pete Ford actually recorded on Apple also.
Right.
At the studio, you know, where they're on the studio.
The other thing is this, on the host, you're talking about there, you know, what about
David Susskind, even though he's dead?
Can I ask you a question seriously?
Yeah.
David Susskind's been dead for years, okay?
I know, but I remember him.
Mr. Kid.
What radio show was he on?
David Susskind.
David Susskind, okay.
You're right.
It was a TV show, Taco.
Yeah.
Okay.
Put right your head, please.
I mean, the radio tacos you dislike the most, present tense, not from the last hundred
years ago.
How about Alan Berg, okay?
How about Alan Berg?
How about who's a Joe, what's your pine?
Who?
Oh, he was on with a wooden leg.
He was on a million years ago on TV.
I mean, I don't know.
But I'm so negative, dammit.
That guy has some excellent points and I'm making fun.
See there, the guy was right, Jay.
And we got any more facts coming from Jake, by the way, with some specifics as opposed
to this generalized, but see anybody can do that.
The truth hurts, doesn't it?
No, I don't think I heard it all.
I'm not angry about anything.
I was angry on Monday because we've got some people there.
And believe you me, when I get angry at the people there, Josh can tell you, George
can tell you, and anybody else in a building can tell you that there's a damn good reason
for it.
Believe you me.
Am I right?
Yes.
Thank you.
I mean, is there even any question about it?
No.
I mean, you see, this is another thing that cracks me up.
If that indeed is from somebody on the outside, that fact, you people think you know something,
okay?
And this is the one show.
This is the one show in the market where you have a guy on the air who will tell you
stuff that nobody else will tell you.
But I can only tell you a limited amount.
But if you've had any idea what goes on in the inner workings of this company and in
that radio station, you would right now throw yourself in front of traffic and say,
please just stop the pain.
It's beyond your human comprehension what goes on.
The people you tell off the air who are friends of yours and everything.
Yes.
I'm sure you get the same reaction I do, disbelief.
Right.
They think you're like, is it possible?
Like, yeah, yeah, right.
Like that business about the contract negotiation.
That was a, that was an impossible situation for anyone to believe.
And the interesting part of it is after I told about it, Hank went to the same thing he
talked about it and they put Mad Dog through the same rigor and he screamed and hollered
about the 18 page document.
That nobody with a brain bigger than their thumbnail would sign.
Not to mention what went on here Monday morning with two out of control intermediate PD
operation manager of people who are a back walking basket cases.
I'm not going to share their psychosis.
If they want to be crazy people, go right ahead.
You're entitled.
Leave me out.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, Pali.
Oh, thank you.
Listen, I had a revolution.
A revolution?
A revolution.
Yeah.
Whatever.
I was thinking about the people.
Anyway, if you go and some of your listeners and people that are complaining about stuff and
especially management at 2 a.m., all I got to do is go and listen to some of these
other patients.
And I did that for a couple days this week.
It is so bad.
Yeah.
So monopromatic, the same old, same old.
And if you look at the line up at 2 a.m. and you've got some diversity, you've got people
that can think.
We have diversity and perversity that is correct.
Yeah.
But mad dog and hey, I mean, they're not to clone that these other guys.
2 a.m. have a good lineup.
They oughta promoted for what it is and use that to their advantage.
They really should.
Yeah.
And you guys are great.
And by the way, I like George.
I think George does a great job and I'll screw all those other people that don't like it.
The screw on was exactly right.
Have a great day, Pali.
Thanks for the slap on the back.
It was a little slap.
It was a little too hard, though.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, happy St. Totties, Danny.
And back to you, Pali.
Hey, I was wondering in honor of St. Pachelstase, you haven't already played it.
Could you please play?
You can't be honorific if you're...
Oh, yay.
Oh, yeah.
I might just think about it.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
I'd be coming down to Pabalu, Pundit St. Pantise.
You're fair.
A great day for the Hayri Shala, Crestly USA.
Put your grotto, which is this light here.
Describe and dali, who?
There's a bunch of queers again this year who said that I reached full.
Oh, God, I love the Hayri.
And less of course you're gay.
If you are, you won't be marching upon St. Pantise.
You can be your bum, up at the stump, short, and that's okay.
But you can't be any more shift for gay.
Now you're our high parnians, those harmonies is great.
Have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Sure, a little bit of heaven fell, and that's within the sea.
But what's your cornstreet to help a homosexuality?
Oh, God, I love the A-rich as long as men of end.
It's absolutely a parn.
We've never been sure of that.
You can be seen in drunk and hurled, and chunks of a laven all the way.
But you can't be any more shift for gay.
No, you can't be any more shift for gay.
Don't even try to be any more shift for gay.
Get your fix with Neil Rogers.
The day's from 2 to 2 on 560W 2AM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Thank you, baby.
Hey, man, John's with the Mabocon.
I never pulled around with kids, and I never let home.
She and the telly of that I come fancy.
The soul drives me, and my life won't be rare.
I never bother wearing my back down.
Probably why the kids fall when I'm around.
I get the feeling from that chariot.
The day I'm guilty, I never tried to fail.
I never tried to feel a family game.
Then why I never gave them one?
Got a bad feeling now that I'm guilty.
I'm gonna do it sometimes.
I'm gonna do it sometimes.
You're fair.
You can't find any green beer today.
There's always that Jesus' juice in the can.
Oh, we could die great.
Remember at IOD we used to get those green bagels on St. Paddy's day?
Whatever happened to that?
I'm sure they're out there somewhere.
You think?
Right?
At QAN?
Well, not here.
No one's here.
Oh, I see.
But they're out there.
Well, I see.
That's the difference.
I mean, I don't know.
I just had the feeling we had a different kind of relationship
with the outer world.
But there I go being negative again.
Where's the update to follow up from J. Thierryne's specifics?
We didn't get one.
Didn't get one?
Not one?
Not one single solitary one?
Not a name?
Not an incident?
Not an episode?
Not a one.
I got that.
Huh?
I got that.
Well, that's the way it always is.
So, yeah.
You know, just heaving a bunch of swill, a bunch of chunks.
Suicidal man, Chinese man, lands on elderly woman.
A man who jumped off a fourth-story balcony
and apparent suicide landed on a 72-year-old woman,
killing himself and leaving her in hospital with broken bones
and other injuries, a news report said today.
The man jumped from a balcony on the side of a supermarket
in Shanghai mid-day yesterday, landed on Gao Yuzin,
who suffered a ruptured liver and a broken leg in ribs.
The newspaper Shanghai Daily says,
the man died on the spot.
They fell out of an old woman before reaching the ground.
The man carried no ID.
Police are still trying to find out his name.
Gao was taken to hospital and had surgery.
So, any of you people who are so excited
that you're going to jump maybe from taking too many steroids
or you've got a whole bunch of those pills you're taking
because the FDA isn't looking out for you.
If you're going to jump from an overpass
or from the top of a building,
at least look down so you don't hit any pin of the ass bystander.
You're going to be down to it, right?
Right.
Make sure you do some proper timing
so that other people don't have to pay for your depression.
5, 6, 7, or 5, 60.
I'm still waiting for that follow-up
and we don't have any more faxes from Lyle.
You know?
No, well, he said he wasn't going to.
Well, that was bad.
I mean, Lyle, of course, when I got out of the way,
I found out it was an inside job.
All of a sudden, they stopped real quick.
That was the excuse.
In fact, it'd be an any idea.
Have you ever stopped to think about it?
I'm sure you have.
How much do you have?
Briefly.
Huh?
Briefly.
Especially on the fax machine inside jobs.
Uh-huh.
Probably mostly from your buddy, Matty.
He's got to do something.
Lyle's probably waiting for you to turn on me
so he could fax and say, ah-ha.
See?
No, I like Lyle.
I thought Lyle was a tremendous addition to the show.
And that's why some of the other people started getting all.
People came out of the woodwork we entered from a long time.
That was the only negative thing, Lyle.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Nice talking to you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
This you?
This is me.
Is this you?
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
All right.
Good.
This is the look that this listens to me.
I get out of here.
I look the doof.
Let me say, have you ever seen his faxes what you have?
Because you sent them to me.
See, this is the thing.
All right.
The new people are one like have a nickname, J. Lion, Luke the Duke.
You know, go get your own show somewhere, okay?
Luke the Duke.
He sends more swill.
He weighs more fax paper with swill, you know?
Bye-bye, Luke.
It would have been Luke Halpenter or something.
That would be a different story.
But not Luke the Duke.
Maybe the Duke of Hazard would have been okay.
And it's time.
Come with Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, I'm an America.
You got some money.
You can get away with murder if you have the money here in America.
What does that mean?
It does Robert Blake.
You're not, you're picking on Verreda and I.
Here's the money that he's trying to put in the money.
The rich had a common, the rich had a common.
Go out of candle and kiss OJ on the lips while you were at it.
Okay?
Had the money in my ass.
Can you believe that?
They're not going to have the second call they had knocking poor little Bobby Blake.
Is there anybody out there who doesn't like Robert Blake?
No.
There you go.
I think a brand old kid done it.
Okay.
Christian.
He's a good Christian.
He was the one that they had that tape up.
Right.
In fact, his problem is probably really his baby.
I think somebody switched the test results like how passion's going to be supressant.
It would have been something important when a three-headed baby liked the one Whitney's going to give birth to.
Well, she's pregnant by her half brother.
Okay, we don't know which half.
Oh, here it is.
We got it.
Let's hear it.
All right.
For instance, your poll.
Now, for example,
yesterday's poll was who belongs in a rock and roll hall of fame, but isn't there?
Isn't that positive about those different groups who did it right there?
Yesterday.
Serling in negative.
For instance, your poll.
Why doesn't it have to be a hated negative poll?
Well, what about yesterday?
Why negativity especially regarding people at your station and your competitors?
When there is nothing good to say about how saying nothing?
When there is nothing good to say, how about saying nothing?
How about mining your own business shake or finding something better to do between 10 and 2?
What'd you think?
Then see, all of the hair we go.
There, see, this is definitely from Fat Boy.
Or one of his upheirs on's.
Then sales people at your station.
They put up with you because of your ratings, but you are hated by them also.
They treat all the talent the same way.
You get on the ear and rip and rip and rip.
And why?
Because I got some balls, that's why.
And I've heard Hank ripped the sales department numerous times and mad dog and mo.
In the beginning, he most thought, oh, it is sales department.
Remember in the beginning?
Well, there's onto it.
He knows what they are.
He knows what they are.
That's why.
And guess what?
We actually got something done this last time.
We actually have some copy now for the first time in months.
We actually have some spots on the ear.
That's why, because if you want to get something done, it's the squeaky wheel that gets to the grease or the squeaky, whatever that thing is.
Mouse.
Oh, yeah. How about calling Josie a pea face?
We can't say that word anymore.
That was not nice.
That was mean spirit.
That was not called for.
See, here we go.
Josie has never gotten any ear and said anything about you.
I just got through a ton of them.
I like Josie.
But he is a pea face.
Your station is so great.
QM has Gurgly who used to do...
What is this?
Mm-hmm.
The tip.
Their station is so great.
WDQM has Gurgly who used to do the Sunday morning advertising station.
While he is a Saturday morning host on another station, your station can use a lot of improvements on...
What does that have to do with what I'm talking about?
This is obviously from the other side.
Your station, this and your station.
In the meantime, you've got his boyfriend over there, Mepho with all of his shenanigans.
And I wouldn't be surprised if he's building that same Saturday morning trade-out deal on that station.
Am I right about that, Josh?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'd like to get some spy reports on that and find out if he's still doing that Saturday morning shenanigans he was doing with us.
Would that...
That would be a trade-out, all of the other crap.
See how that...
So, who would have ever said our station is so great?
I said that.
I said we've got some great people on here.
And now who's being negative, Jake?
How do you like that?
Now he's turned around.
This is from the 70's.
Not going to work, boys.
Joel Feinberg, you guys are a bunch of losers.
You're going to come after the jade.
You know, like fighting us with none of the pea shooter, but like a pea.
Okay?
And like I said before, I'm not really all that much into a good pea.
All right.
No, no, Roger.
Give me a spoon.
I'm five sixty-five solid.
Yeah.
Great.
Tell him, Ray.
I am a woman.
Watch me go.
This grim-on makes shunty's me out.
And it's time for me to go play with the man.
With my driver, I spent all.
And I play with my own balls.
And I won't go back to the LPG again.
Oh, yeah.
I am good.
So stop saying that I'm not.
And bring up Tiger Wolf.
I just hope I make the cut.
I wear short pants.
And I can really swing.
I'm not wrong.
Wrong.
I am panic.
I am one.
She panic.
I am one.
Everyone talking to you, say about Helen Ready.
Are we ready for her?
No.
You hate her like poison.
See, there you go.
Be negative again.
I got news for you, Jacob.
That was your best material.
I was pretty lame, you know what?
Are you there?
No, I'm here.
Oh.
Waiting for what?
I don't know.
A big pregnant pause like that with that.
Yeah.
Well, I gave you one.
Yeah.
I gave you another one.
How about the one with less than about 10 minutes?
OK.
Jesus.
A place more help or think.
No, no, thanks.
Trade deficit all time high, $665.9 billion.
Thank you for those $57.00 oil prices and those low gas prices, Mr. President.
US deficit in the broadest measure of international trade surges to an all time high last year, increasing
a potential threat to the economy as the country is saying deeper in debt to Japan, kind of
other nations.
We are like teetering on the precipice of the catch-buy drift.
The whole economy is right on the edge.
Remember that one ugly day when the South Korean said, hey, these American dollars really suck.
Remember that one day?
Yep.
Everybody said, uh-oh, they're right.
No kidding, they're right.
You don't have to tell me, sure, a lot.
So, hey, you're all sitting there around $135.00 and a Canadian dollar about $8.3.
Here's the fact that says, wow, Neil, I was going to say something good about you.
You gave me no chance.
So it says, look, look, right, you keep sending me these.
I don't need you to say something good.
I'm not into people kissing my ass.
I don't need that.
Your useless look.
I sit back and enjoy it.
It's a free show.
Enjoy the prices right.
Love it.
Just inhale it.
Uh-uh.
Absorb it.
And leave me alone.
If you're not among the millions who've already read the Da Vinci code, remember the story yesterday
here's a little bit of a follow-up.
And Italian Cardinal has a plea for you.
Don't read it and don't buy it.
Not that the Catholics want to dictate to anybody who understand.
Don't read it and don't buy it.
General Cardinal Tarticio Bertone, see his existence, excuse to read the name again, who previously
was a high rank individual in the Vatican's office on doctrinal orthodoxy.
Tolle Vatican radio yesterday that the runaway success of the Dan Brown novel is proof of anti-Catholic
prejudice.
It's not the truth.
It's just proof of anti-Catholic prejudice, right?
It's not prejudice.
It's, uh, it's good judgment.
Oh.
Allegations of the novel like Jesus married Mary Magdalene and have, as descendants, have outraged
many Christians and have been dismissed by historians and theologians.
The distribution strategy has been absolutely exceptional marketing, even the Catholic bookstores,
and I've already complained about the Catholic bookshops which for profit motives have stacks
of this book for Cardinal said.
Now, after the Renaissance leadership in the Vatican, you want to understand, oh no.
Don't read it.
Don't buy it.
And then there's that strategy of persuasion.
That one isn't an adult Christian if you don't read this book.
Thus my appeal is, don't read it and don't buy it.
Asked about commentary that the book successes only for the proof of the fact that anti-Catholicism
is the latest except of prejudice, the Cardinal's claim.
It's the truth, right?
There's a great anti-Catholic prejudice, Bertone, he said.
I asked myself if a similar book was written full of lies about Buddha, Muhammad, or even
for example, if a novel came out which manipulated all the history of the Holocaust or the Shoah,
what would have happened?
Let's see a show of hands.
The dementia code was published two years ago.
This month is available in 44 languages and guess what?
Booksellers expect the novel to remain a bestseller well into this year.
Read it and buy it.
Read it.
Feel it.
The borrow it.
Read it.
Whatever.
If the Vatican says no, then the answer, obviously, the same answer is, you bet.
Not that they wouldn't have, not their innocence.
They're paying a lot of awards.
Never had.
Of course not.
Speaking of religion.
Some white students at a Southern Jersey Catholic school walked out of classes Tuesday and
protested over a speech by the New Jersey Secretary of State, Regina Thomas.
Tensions have been building up at Paul's sixth high school since Thomas's speech on racial
justice last week.
I'm gagging on it.
Foration on his right knee.
He had the right knee.
Scopey had some problems.
Oh, that's good.
This still I think is going to go on forever.
Many students and faculty members walked out of the speech of Fendt.
They said that she had a land-based in one student for not knowing his black history and
that she insinuated that the students were racist.
They got a picture of her.
She's a little dark.
Regina, for Jesus.
That's like really crazy right now.
Teachers are just standing by the door as kids are trying to get out.
Kids are in the hallway.
They won't go to class when female students said.
It was chaotic in there.
Nobody went to class first and fourth third.
Another student said.
Several dozens students.
This is in Haddon Township, New Jersey.
Several dozens students walked out after an assembly to them which the principal offered prayer for healing the rip between students.
A lot of people are confused and stuff.
I think that's half the problem.
There's a lack of communication with students told NBC News.
Many of the white students and faculty members were offended by what they called it overly confrontational and unprofessional speech by the secretary.
Some felt she was calling them racist and a backlash on some black students to be able to fire.
They don't know what it's like to open up your locker and see a KKK letter there.
It's not the most comfortable feeling at all.
South African American student, Kristen Mino.
Mino said the tension was too much to do.
Many students said the racial problems began only after the secretive speech.
I think she just started up a bunch of stuff and basically tried to start something as to the.
Yeah, quit being so negative, Regina.
There's an issue at every school.
It's no more an issue with this school than any other another student counted.
Thomas issued a statement to them which he said that she's passionate about the topic of adversity.
He wanted to raise the level of awareness.
She said she never meant to be personal or critical of these students or the school.
The diocese of Camden said it's listened to views of the students and parents on both sides.
It said a majority of those students and parents were offended by the speech and the diocese was going to tell the secretary of state it felt the tone was in appropriate for a high school setting.
How you like that?
Good.
By the way, you heard it on CNN this morning.
Yes, who prays with Michael Jackson every morning?
Yes, who is it?
See now that Julie Rotea failed out.
The spiritual advisor is Jesse Jackson.
Yeah, that's right.
Is there anything that he can't turn into a racial thing?
I mean, this guy's bleached so white he's wider than we are.
Right.
But there's no Jesse Jackson.
It must be a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
You killed a chef.
First, we're in the heat.
I'll whack you too.
Yeah, that's really bad.
I'm talking about being negative.
These people, we should be having a party for brewed.
Aren't you think?
I did have a party and I'm going to continue tonight.
I think and we got time.
We should play this whole thing.
I've been teased in it today.
I don't know if it's somewhere in hell in the building.
It's L-Makles.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
I'm going to have a party.
You shut up stupid.
I remember you with those nylons on Joe's name.
Oh yeah, sure.
It was at the park, Sheridan.
What about it?
That was quite a twist we had.
That's how I got drunk.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I was paradise.
But how are they still on 560 WQA?
That's why he had Joe's name on his show yesterday.
A little birdie told me 230.
He had the Willy Joon.
Joe Willie.
Maybe that's what it was.
Maybe they're talking about the nylon panties.
A little birdie.
And he was speaking about a mole he'll be on today instead of the ballgame.
Because the Marlins game with a red sauce rained out of game.
And that's getting to be a real bummer till the summer.
So that game has been rained out.
So we got mo coming up.
Curtis Stevenson and four.
And then what do we got?
Well, I'll read through it away.
I don't care.
President Bush risked the irony of the international community for the second time
in as many weeks here.
Today's the nominators of administrations leaving Neocon a hawk.
The guy would have really nice haircut.
Paul Wolfowitz to be head of the World Bank.
Remember the call we had about that yesterday?
I said, well, there you go.
Barely eight days after he nominated John Bolton, a hotly anti-U.N. state department official
as U.S. ambassador to the U.N.
The president's choice of World Bank president seemed virtually guaranteed to raise hackles in diplomatic circles.
And among development professionals, I believe Mr. Wolfowitz, currently Secretary of Defense is unqualified, unqualified for the job.
The nomination still needs to be ratified by the World Bank's board and participating states.
But by tradition, the job is filled at the pleasure of the West alone.
And a fight appears unlikely unless, of course, they want us to bomb them in the summer.
Right?
Right.
That's what it works.
Okay, let's take a look at this poll as we leave today.
This really negative hostile poll.
The radio talk show hosts you dislike the most is Rush Limbaugh, 497 votes out of 1167 Rush in a league of his own.
Top a couple more, sweetheart, that big fat lion phony U.
Sean Hannity 101, four little George 92.
You can't catch Sean though.
Oh, yeah, no.
More Howard David it, only 61.
Moe is moving up in the world.
Bill O'Reilly 57, Howard Stern 42, Dan LaBasterd 40, Al Franken 39,
Hank Olberg 31, Michael Savage 31, Randy Rhodes the Goddess 29, Todd Dishmitt,
Master 28, Steve Kane 17, Neil Roger 16.
I'm moving up on the mystery go, Geldy 14, Glenn Beck 13, Phil Henry 13.
Oh, Jim McDuffey, the juice, Master 12.
What a show he's got.
The big O8, Jerry Springer 8, Jeff the 4-6, Gordon Liddy 4, 80K3, Jim Aditz 3.
Ed Schultz has got a pair.
You never know what to hear him, but he's got a pair.
Boo Shamby only one and Joe Rose the little dog has got Solomente Uno.
Now, one thing about tomorrow, man, and that's right, George is on vacation.
Have a wonderful time.
Thank you.
Stay away from the house as much as possible.
And tomorrow, of course, the fact that you're not here, I'll make it a lot easier.
We're going to be a lot more positive.
Bye, bye, bye.
