I'm not in love with him.
Absolutely.
Alright, I guess if he could be like in somebody else's body, if he could be somebody else, he wouldn't be a fanchoice.
Who?
Tom Brady.
What do you mean who?
I didn't know what you were talking about.
You were listening to the promo that played this assignment?
I did hear the promo, yeah.
Yeah.
And who are they talking about?
Tom, we're adding about George W. Bush.
No, they only talk about him in these ratings on Bush.
Yeah, they're something pretty soon.
He's going to get in the Joel Feinberg territory.
I was going to say, yeah, basically, he's got a one share.
Fewer than one in 10 adults, say they would prefer a congressional candidate who's a Republican and agrees with Bush on major issues.
Yeah, they'll turn into a corner now.
And now that he's gone to A.J., he's turned to the corner.
And hopefully he'll get lost and we'll come back.
That's devastating.
Yeah.
And then the worst part of it is we still got three years to go.
I guess today I said something about another year with this and then I realize that's the congressional question.
Next year, right?
We got three more years of this crap, but it's second soul in election.
Well, he's not going to be able to accomplish anything.
So well, you know, having three hardest damage.
If you think he's done damage now, yeah, there's something in 2008 that Americans is bad.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
And now the Republicans are clamoring today.
They're coming up with this.
They want a resolution to the demand a timetable for withdrawal from Iraq because they're starting to get really nervous.
So what's going to happen next year?
Sure.
Meanwhile, everybody says it was a mistake to go in there in the first place.
And now they're saying it's a mistake to get out.
Yeah, well, how do you get out?
That's the problem.
Yeah.
I just say, let them have their election next month and say, okay, you're on your own.
We did a nice job for you.
We got rid of Sodom and good luck to you and see you.
And then you can go into Syria.
You know, that thing with the Jordanians, the more I think about it, the more it really frosts my fatal pimpley ass, this business.
Oh, they're protesting in the streets and they're outraged in an argument when other people were getting killed by these crazy ragheads,
then it was okay.
Then they had nothing to say.
But now with some of their people get blown up and it's happening right there and in front of their ugly raghead faces.
And right away, now they're opening it up a big mouth.
Where were they before?
When all these other countries where people are getting blown away, including here, fastards.
Meanwhile, there's a story by a guy named Andrew Wilde in Harold today.
Is Andrew Wilde?
Yeah.
He's, it's about how you can be sexy at 60.
Yeah, right.
Hmm.
Right.
Now we should be very sexy, you and I.
It says avoid high-risk sports that can lead to injury.
Yeah, I'm doing a good job of that.
Yeah, the hardest sport that I participate is sitting in buttons that would buy it.
Reduce the rest through simple breathing exercises.
Yeah, well, you should work on that with your sleep apnea.
Whatever happened with that, do you still, uh,
No.
Huh?
I never did anything about it.
Well, what is it, uh, what do you do for it?
There's nothing you can do?
I don't think I, you just hope you wake up every day.
Yeah, I don't, you know what?
I don't wake up in a sweat or anything like that.
I just sleep.
What does that mean?
Is that part of sleep apnea?
When you have sleep apnea, you what happens is your heart stops in the middle of the night.
Yeah, well, at least it gives a little rest when you get to be RAs, you can use a rest.
Yeah, but then when it gets cranked up, you know, it, it has to work so hard to get started
again that you, you break out into a sweat.
Yeah, especially when the horses are in the last 16th, you know, at the 16th pool.
You know what?
And your horse starts gasping for oxygen, you've been in the horse.
There was a horse yesterday.
I went out to call the rest today.
Yeah.
Probably a bad mistake.
And I'm looking at the form before I went out.
Yeah.
And there was a horse that was entered called Moze Last Call.
Oh, here we go.
I knew it was just a matter of time.
Moze Last Call.
Yeah, he was the one you got.
He scratched him.
Oh, yeah.
I was ready to send it all in.
You're ready to scratch Mo?
Yeah.
Is he kin to Staxmoe?
Scratch Moe?
Toppano Park, we opened November 17th for Simal Casting and Lava Racing Resumes December
2nd.
I knew he'd be excited to hear that.
Yeah.
I thought you'd go there, but at least it's a plentiful one.
I only went there, the only place.
I was there.
I'd dinner with you there.
Right.
Because after you first came here to the station.
Yeah.
Yeah, we had a good time.
I did.
I had a great time.
You know that I knew my crap as well as I did you to put all your bets at all.
You had a cut-law.
Not just the toppano, but it was.
No, the Simal Casting Northville down is running.
That's right.
You had a world-wide one race.
Three to one shot.
Well, I remember races from 40, let's see, 45 years ago.
Now, that's a very scary thing.
Yes, it is.
And I still, I desperately need a lobotomy to get all that stuff out of my head.
I told you, I'd been in Northfield, down.
Northville.
Yeah, Northville.
Northville, one outside.
Northville.
Right.
Yeah.
The first horse I ever met on was El Dorad Janko, was the number nine horse driven by Don McLean
Marine, the first race at Hazel Park.
And he won the race.
I've had two dollars to show.
And he was the favorite.
He paid $2.60.
And that was the beginning of a long, long, sad tale.
Yeah, well, I remember my first winner, too.
Really?
Yep.
And I was like 17 at the time.
And it was a horse called Heavenly Girl at Mama's.
Yeah.
He paid $50.
And I was hooked.
I'll be damned.
$50 horse, like my second race I ever met.
I've had two $50 horses in my life, as a matter of fact.
Well, let's not talk about horse racing.
Let's talk about girls with guns.
Do you see this story in Miramar this morning?
No, I didn't see that one.
17-year-old girl shot another teenage girl on the bus in Miramar.
They got in her argument yesterday.
So I guess she decided today to settle it.
And so now we got girls bringing guns to school and blowing it.
It won't be long before we have girls going into the classroom and like just blowing
everybody away.
That's going to be next.
That's part of the American part of the culture.
Right.
There's no question about it.
It's a guy just as many guns here like Michael Moore showed and blowing for Crown of
Mind.
Because all the people here are hunters.
And yet it's a rare thing.
All we do have 65 murders here this year in Toronto, which they're a little nervous
about that.
But that's like 10% of what you have in Detroit at the same time.
Doesn't Denmark have gun control like no guns?
One of those countries.
Well, most of those countries like Holland, you don't ever hear anybody with a gun in
Holland.
I hear them shot gunning over there, but it's a different meaning.
Yeah, exactly.
I've never get approached by one of the last time my name's to them.
Oh, it's been a while.
By those street peddlers.
Yeah.
Ex-tasy.
Viagra.
That's anyone.
Viagra.
Crack.
I stayed there the first time I went there.
I stayed in this little hotel called the post.
It was like a bed and breakfast like playing.
And they had pipe stands in the living room area.
Right.
And they were filled at night.
Everybody just went down and joined in.
It was no big deal.
There you go.
No, it is no big deal.
That's another part of the whole.
The whole juvenile attitude of America with drugs and sex and everything is just so
like, he, he, everything, like breast.
You know, you go any, any European country that I've been in, you turn on the over the
RTV, forget about cable, even in Italy, even in where the Pope gets all bent out of
shape.
And there's like breasts, you know, and new to the all kinds of stuff on over the RTV.
Nobody's having a nervous breakdown.
Nobody's writing letters to the FCC.
Nobody's a, you know, when you stop to think about that whole business about Janet Jackson,
which is now going on two years that that happened, that was just an excuse to start this
whole fascist deal.
I mean, what was the big deal with that?
It couldn't even see it.
No, you couldn't even see like the breast itself.
It was like a tenth of a second episode that they made up in this gigantic, like the,
the sky is falling.
So you see who the halftime show is this year?
Billy Graham.
Mariah Carey.
Oh, brother.
Well, she's got one breast in the middle of her chest.
I sure hope that doesn't come ploppin out.
She's gross.
She's gruesome.
By the way, he's Mariah.
I hate to break the news to you, but Luis McGell ain't interested.
Hey, Luis.
You fairly interested in the least bit.
Look at that.
60% is the proof of your president.
Oh, brother.
The numbers are dropping like Iraq.
It's as we speak.
Yeah.
Yeah, he has a record, 37%.
It goes down every month.
It was 39%.
Yeah, one whole week down to 36 now.
Every few days it drops another point.
And my question is, how could anybody be so stupid?
It took him this long to catch on, including the media and the Democrats and all these people
like Edwards and Carey now.
Oh, well, we wish we had our vote to do over again.
You know, talk about sticking your finger out the window to see which way to wind is blown.
Who the hell are they?
Especially John Edwards, man.
He impresses me about as much as a frog's fart.
He's just weak.
No, he really is weak.
He's got like Mark Baradino, you know?
Only not quite as caustic.
Come on, like Iraq, yes.
Was Iraq on this morning?
No.
No.
He's on tomorrow morning.
Oh, do you think I'm going to be sick tomorrow?
I guess I said it for the first day.
He's on.
No, he's not tomorrow.
You guys are confusing me.
Well, let's see.
He's on tomorrow and through tomorrow.
And through they?
No, just tomorrow.
How about when is he on?
And what's that promo that we're running for you where you're talking to Shack and we
can't understand it?
He's like, oh, who are you?
Have you heard that?
I heard the interview.
I did it.
No, no, but the promo that we're playing out of the interview, it's so muffled you
can't understand anything he's saying.
All right, there you go.
It sounds like you're in a studio and he's on Uranus.
It's like an enough for a different planet.
I don't know, but I like him a lot.
I'm not knocking Shack now.
I just think he's got a big head and he's a freak and like, I'll ask you both.
There is a good guy, but nevertheless, he never stole a freight train.
But it's just that you can't understand what he's saying.
I tell you, I asked him during the interview, how many people he's housing now.
About third, man.
About over 400.
400?
He's put up over 400 people who were victims of the war.
Oh, speaking of people, how about Jesse Jackson getting all better out of shape?
Oh, I talked about that earlier.
You know what?
That's authentic.
What was worse was in the game last night, a rookie receiver named Reggie Brown had a chance
to make a play at the end that could have won the game.
Yeah, or Philadelphia.
But he dropped the ball.
I mean, he was open.
He had the ball and he dropped it.
You know what happened?
Jesse Jackson ran out on the field and stripped him of the ball.
It was terrible.
Yeah.
Jesse Jackson doesn't have anything better to do.
Yeah, that's what I was saying yesterday with all the stuff going on in the world and
he's worried about some stupid-ass football player with a big mouth.
Everything, he could make anything into a racial thing.
In fact, he was probably when he closed down that chain of restaurants, Samboes, he probably
had his finger in that too.
Even Terrell Owens says this is not about race.
How can it be?
The quarterback he's criticizing is also black.
Although I wonder what Bill Bennett and Rush Limbaugh think about it.
Yeah.
Spongebob.
Bigoted.
Oh, brother.
I'm telling you.
It's just, you know, it's all coming home to Roost right now.
All this crap.
They had their party there for a few years and a lot of innocent people died because of it.
But all the stuff is coming home to Roost now and just slapping them right back in the face.
Yeah.
It's hard to be smug about it though.
It's just because it's terrible.
Even Jimmy Carter, who's known as a Rioi, the Sunday school teacher, he's just railing
against these right-wing goi-em-nowities, fundamentalists and about how crazy they-
they're all white male bigots is what they are.
He's been pretty good last few days.
Like you have just a moment or two of sanity.
Pat Robertson's the worst.
Well, he's the top of the-
Why can't the media just say a crazy person said some more crazy crap today instead of presenting him like some spokesman for something?
What is he the spokesman for besides making a quick buck?
He's just, he's nuts.
Yeah, he's a crazy person.
Just like all these other religious nuts.
Just like Alan Fickleson told me, the only one problem with the world I've told you this many, many times
and I would tend to agree, too many goi-em.
On that note, it's probably not a big plunging day to that, wouldn't think.
No, I'm not doing it.
Gotta let your wall heal from-
You better watch when that horse runs again at Mohor's.
I got an eye out for all that you know.
Remember that dog?
You can get it up there.
Remember the dog, Tom Jicca?
Yes.
When Tom was doing the dog racing, which I think was perfect for him, that was-
He wasn't a bad dog.
Huh?
He wasn't a bad grand.
Yeah, I would agree that Tom's not a bad dog.
Listen, have a great day.
Yeah, you too.
Show them off the balcony off the edge of the oppressed box and when you're done, let me know about it.
Alright.
See ya.
Looking for a value meal that's positively infectious?
Head down to KFC, Killer Blue Chicken.
Put a bird-blue family back.
Three extra crispy legs.
Two thighs and four contaminated beaks.
All for only $9.99.
It's-
Thinker's flicking good.
It's a killer meal.
KFC, Killer Blue Chicken.
Well, the reason I started with that bit is because a powerful car bomb exploded in front of a government building in central Karachi this morning,
killing at least three people wounding throwbothers.
It seems that the target was KFC.
Killer flew chicken, but we'll have to wait and see.
It said-
I should read that.
It seems to be the target was KFC, but we'll have to wait and see.
It said she-
Rashid Ahmed, Pakistan's Information Minister.
He said the blast also occurred in front of a Pakistani industrial development corporation building, but it looks like the target was KFC.
And you like that.
And also that story I was telling Hank about.
This is-
We got a new deal now, girls.
Not that it hasn't happened before, but I think this is maybe part of a startling new epidemic.
A 17-year-old girl shot another teenage girl this morning on a charter school bus in Miramar of all places.
The two girls got into an argument yesterday, according to police, and the argument continued this morning after both girls got into the school bus.
The bus was on its way to Parkway Academy Charter School around 7.45 this morning.
The bus picked up the suspect first and the victim, and the argument continued.
In the 3700 block of woodscarf drab near County Line Road, the suspect pulled out a small handgun and fired it in.
The victim and the upper torso.
But I'm being-
The victim was rushed to Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood. Her injuries are not life-threatening. Thanks the Lord.
The suspect ran away.
Her home located at the-
Oh, it's got the address in Miramar.
It's now surrounded by police and a SWAT team.
Why sure? Hope she don't have a scale in the house because that's the end of her.
Right.
Two schools in the area also run lockdown.
This is for cars near Annabelle C. Perry Elementary and Henry D. Perry Middle School at 3,400 Wild Cat Way.
Never do we hit a wild cat way, did you?
No, I do that.
And there you go.
Okay, it's 12 minutes after 10. Let's get organized. Here it's a Tuesday tomorrow.
We got to see everybody taking the day off. It sounds like a really good idea to me, but probably won't be doing that.
We got no mode in tomorrow. We got no mad dog. We got this is tomorrow's schedule.
Wait till you're this courtesy to which is fine. Fill in for a mo.
Then any K for the mad dog in the daytime, which is a little dangerous.
And then fill in for any K tomorrow night is Lenny Martez.
So you see Joel, we really are trying to give you a fighting chance.
We want to give you every chance in the world. We will not do anything in the world that hurts you.
We're trying to open up the door a little bit, just a little crack, just see if you can stick your ugly ass in there.
Holy Makin'ah!
This is Joel, born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority meal, God!
Absolutely.
Do do do do do do.
But third man!
How much blue must he use on his head?
So his two play won't fly out to sea.
How many times must he stumble and fall before he wins a news?
And he will never win.
And he will never win.
As a Miss Kamala we said and they'll be Brian as well.
It's 10-18.
Oh wait a minute, how did I see something about Brian Andrews the other day?
I was reading something about Brian who's top scotch in the world for, is it CBS?
I don't know, one of the networks and he's got assignments all over the world.
And I just can only imagine the kind of encounters he's having.
Where that's talking about women.
I'm sure that.
Anyways, 10-19 is 5-560.
The Channel 7 Fruit Farm.
You thought we didn't have to go all the way up the street to Sonny's Market to get our produce?
Right.
Because we had our fruit right next door.
Man, it was the paper boy and all of those, and by the way the paper boy, if you're listening Craig, Adam's still not interested.
It was that Brian.
That was probably, maybe both.
During Wilma, where did you get your best information we asked yesterday?
I don't really know what to make of this all I know and I filled them up before they showed this morning.
And I think I'm right, is that we're going to get a bushwacked in October in the ratings because there's two weeks in there that we're going to get screwed.
Because there's a lot of people, it's just, first I don't know for a variety of reasons.
I could be wrong about that.
Maybe all of our people are going to say, well we were glued to QA.
I mean especially to your show, Neil, during a Wilma because you were so on top of all that crap, even though you were a long ways away.
Aren't you lucky? Yes.
1534 votes.
During Wilma, you got your best information from TV audio on radio.
347.
That's what little Tommy Jic was all whipped up about before hanged through his ass off the balcony.
TV344.
WDQ Way M285.
That's a pretty decent theory and that's 18.5%.
That's not bad.
We'll take it.
Right?
Yeah, we'll take it.
Considering our vast news resources and our newswire and our weatherwire and all these things we don't have.
The internet 182, if I wouldn't have the internet, I'd just call it insecure, we didn't say you'd do it.
WIVD174.
I got out of town 74.
See it's going to be put on there.
74 people smart enough to get the bailout.
When it's out bailout.
In fact, bailout and don't come back.
The Sun Sentinel 37.
WJNO ahead.
Dr. Man.
WFTL23.
They finally moved up.
They're 850 on your dial.
It will give you a big pile and not much of a smile but nevertheless.
WFTL.
There is still right in there with that picture.
Palm Beach Post 22 and the Miami World is in last place.
Sucking wind in last place with only 16.
The ACC.
That's bad.
And it?
Yes, that is.
Even behind the Palm Beach Post for our stewed audience.
I think the audience hates the world almost as much as we do.
Maybe not quite, but George is really fond of El Herald though.
And he wishes you stop throwing it.
Or is it the Sun Sentinel that keeps you from hitting El Sentinel?
It's El Sentinel and I know that there wasn't El Sentinel.
Well, I'll send you my copies.
Well, go to El Sentinel.
Please.
Go to Fee Hell.
Hate them.
Not the Sun Sentinel, but if you know.
Although we got too far to the Sun Sentinel, who do we like over there?
We like Mike Mayer a little bit. He's a good guy.
Pretty boring. Right? So one or two good coms a year.
And who else? Dave Hyde.
Like Dave Hyde, he's a good guy. He's also one or two good coms a year.
Act. Say that's about it.
Might be anything to anybody out?
Not that I know it.
Besides Hank's friend, little Tommy.
Well, look at this. Get paid for your opinion.
I just got a facts and add facts.
Consumer research services.
Get paid for your opinion.
Well, that's what I do.
I get paid for my opinion a lot more than what they're offering here.
So up yours.
Broward School Board Adopt's calendar to make up for Will Medeys.
I want to pass along just a little information before we start taking thousands of fantastic calls today.
Missed some of our regular friends yesterday, but I'm sure they'll be with us today.
They're probably like mopping up after the Hurricanes.
Well, the Hurricanes speeded that loss to a girl's basketball team last night.
Air Force. Can you believe that?
50. What was it?
57.53?
A major upset is what I'm reading.
And we got more of that crap.
I mean, more of a great Hurricanes basketball tonight, but not on this station.
Because we got the Panther game, which takes presence.
Might as well give that lineup.
Motu to foe.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
We got three solid hours of the Mad Dog today.
Better soak it up because he's off tomorrow.
We want to overwork his ass.
Panther preview at 7.
7.30.
It's the Panthers at the Montreal Canadiens to play the frogs.
The Red Hot Frogs in Josie Theater.
And what kind of a name is that for a guy named Josie?
Now, the Hurricanes warm up his on 13.60.
That sounds like WKAT to me at 8.30 and on the clock.
It's the Hurricanes against Wisconsin Green Bay in the BCA Classic from Seattle.
And then 8K on RR after the Panther game on QAM.
Got all of that?
You're marking it down on your sleeve? Good.
Got it.
On 13.60 WKAT, we got Hurricanes basketball at 9 tonight.
Everybody be sure and zip over there if you care about it.
Probably don't.
And especially meeting yesterday at the Broward County School Board Adopted a calendar
to add school days to make up for the missing two weeks of classes caused by Hurricane Wilma.
Are you aware of this?
No.
We'll give you a better mark these done on your other wrist.
Superintendent Frank Till and Broward teaches you an in-prisonant Pat Santoramos.
I wonder if he's akin to Andy Santoramo.
Who?
Harness driver.
So, if I ever give a name that you don't know who it is, that's probably what it is.
Suggested to the reshuffle calendar which brings students back one day early from the winter holiday on January the 2nd.
Seattle, I like to give names that I know that nobody except the people at the top of the park know who it is.
Like Andy Santoramo.
He couldn't drive his finger up your nose.
Anyway, but some school board members and parents had argued against a short and winter break.
They wanted to see more days added before the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test was not beginning in March.
Instead, in addition to trimming the winter break, the purple...
And why couldn't they have handed on veterans day on Friday?
I still wouldn't be known as respect to our veterans.
But it's just not one of those like religious holidays.
They could have run off the bat right from the get-go gotten one and couldn't they?
Okay.
Well, don't you think it's kind of stupid?
Yeah.
Why can't they sit down?
I mean, I guess they're afraid they're going to offend somebody.
Oh, well, we don't want to offend the old crusty veterans because the VFW and the American Legion they'll come here and give us what for.
Yeah.
Instead, in addition to trimming the winter break, the purple counter stands the fall semester of till January 13, which sounds like a really unlucky day to me, and gives everybody a day off between seminars on January 17th.
It also calls for a full day of classes in December 16th, February 17th, March 16th and 17th, April 27th.
What would I... I don't understand. What are they supposed to be?
I guess the teacher, work days or whatever it comes.
Whatever, yeah. Planning days, I think they...
No, yeah. Planning to go to Highlight, huh?
If needed, Tillhead City could extend the last day of classes on May 25th from half of the day to a full day, and even have classes on May 26th, how do you like that?
They'll get it in there. They'll get all those kids, those F-CAT, and they'll pass this stupid test, and they'll be dumber than dirt.
And your fat ass governor will say, see? They'll be no child behind, and the F-K-F, F-U fat ass governor, F-CAT, my ass.
Oh, two tornadoes again, and we've got this really pissed off. Wait till Pat Robertsen gives us a little rock and going through Ohio now.
They're getting walted again. Look at that.
Submoutin' Vernon, that's right here, the Kentucky border.
Oh, right here, Kentucky, too, man. Amiah, who's there, and a Jim Bunning, who's a crazy person?
There's always screaming in the oven about faggot's this and faggot that Jim Bunning.
Too many pitches got hit in the head, I think, when a pitch for the Tigers, Jim Bunning. Remember him now. Crazy people.
Crazy people, when you're... Oh, look at that tornado warning for Evansville in the end. Everybody like I told you. Do not go to Indiana.
Maybe Indiana wants you, but say El Paso.
All right, believe me. I'd like it better there, even with all the Mexicans.
Here's our pool today. I did do the pool for yesterday, did I? I'm a little bit on all over the place.
I did. Cross over with Hank was so heavy duty pressure today.
383 votes already on our pool today, and it's not even 10-30 yet. Aren't you impressed? No.
What? 392?
392, give me a chance, hence.
Well, I have 400 by the time we get to the bottom of the yard. That's some real pool power, man. There's nothing like pool power.
392 votes. The biggest fakers on TV ever is. And the reason I put the faker or plural, because there's like...
It's a group in the beginning of a pair. Jimi Tammy, Faker 86.
Anybody want to buy a condo for the Lord? Dr. Phil 74, I knew he'd do well. He is so full of it, man.
It's just oozing out of his big fat ass. Pat Robertson 61.
Hey, Pat. The Lord is really peyote of Kentucky and Nile and Yahoo's Indiana.
Think I'm a good excuse for that. Benny, Hint 53. Bill O'Rally 51. Jimmy Swagger 22. I have sinned.
Wherever DJ Ames could have eaten, Janet Paul Crocs 10.
Whatever, man. They must have paid that guy off pretty good. They've disappeared real fast.
That's the story about how he and Paul were doing something that the old Crocs.
Tim Russell 66. Yeah, for technically being a journalist.
Heralda Riveras 6. Wait until he goes into the Musselinese grave. Kevin Chudo 5.
And I voted for him and he should be number one, but you don't know who that is. We talked about him a lot.
He's the faker when I was in for Mersel Sonny that book about what doctors don't want you to know.
And he belongs in jail again. And he's CNBC to Gammon. Channel runs his infomercials and everybody out A&E.
All these supposedly respectable networks and they put that faker on it who belongs in prison.
Ron Popeo 4, that's bad. Richard Simmons 3. You should have a lot more votes.
And Ernest Ainsley, can you say baby? Ernest Ainsley, what a really bad piece has got a pair.
I'm sure she put them on his head. This is Neil Roder, Worst Chief in Moha.
Go, go, go, go. He's 5.69 AF.
Perkley.
Harriet Myers, you're in the Supreme Court pyramid winner circle for a spot on the nation's highest court start the clock.
Oh, the Great Wall of China. Michael Moore.
Things you can't say from outer spite.
What? You're at Ted Kennedy.
Those are their bombs.
Fairy tales of the New York Times.
Things you read on your adjunct.
Things that aren't true.
Dippers.
Things that are real.
Things that at least.
Wayne Gretchen.
A frosted face.
A present in bush.
Shane, get on the grid.
I just had to whip out that theme.
I just love that show so much and the theme song too.
It makes me feel bad that I hate to clerk like poison now.
I still like Bill Colono.
Now, how come Bill Colom is dead and Dick Clark still alive?
He goes to share there's no God.
Well, there's no justice.
I also feel guilty.
Now, does Josh know who Bill Colom was?
I doubt it.
I don't think so.
I think what we're going to do the rest of this week is only Tuesday.
We're going to do the rest of this week.
We're going to spend the rest of the week.
Forget about these stupid calls.
George and I will throw out names of people that we're pretty sure you don't know who they were.
One of the education you can get this week.
He'll be asleep before the first hour though.
Defense mechanism that way.
He's afraid he might absorb some useful knowledge.
I have with sports talk.
In 30 seconds.
You're a lot of junior.
I wish you don't know him.
But anyway, or Wally Mackamory.
But anyway, getting back to Bill Colom.
I feel guilty about that because I like Bill Colom a lot.
He was on before either one of you were born.
He was on the first price.
Is right?
And he was on a lot of quiz shows.
Panel shows to tell the truth.
I got a secret.
And I thought his secret was he had a wooden leg.
No, no, no.
What he had told me when he was a child.
And he walked with a really bad limp.
And I thought I had read somewhere he had a wooden leg.
And come to find out that was absolutely not true.
But you'll notice on any if you watch the Game Show channel and those old shows.
They never show him moving from one like behind the podium to wherever the like an impairment.
Where they have the thing with the chairs though.
You never see him moving because he walked with a really bad limp.
I say.
So they never showed that.
So I want to apologize to Bill Colom.
And posthumously even though he's dead as a doormail.
It's just one of those things.
I thought he had a wooden leg.
Didn't mean anything bad by Bill.
But that's way it goes.
So now you know who Bill Colom was?
No.
Glasses, short brush cut.
No.
Game show host.
No.
Oh yeah, that was that price is right, guy.
That's the guy.
Very good.
Tell me about him, Jack.
Woulding out with a wooden leg.
Yeah, I woulda wouldn't leg that's right.
In fact, I think he was kind of pig like beats.
If you shake slider but nevertheless, yeah.
Like I said, somebody QYM, hello.
Right now.
Yes sir.
How about that kid that just began screaming with the both sides.
It's on MSN between I don't know his name.
Tucker Carlson.
Put that dude on, okay?
No chance.
He's just there.
The question is, Faker, he's not a Faker.
He is what you see.
He's just there.
Maybe the nerd.
Where's a vote?
In fact, it's like a sign that he wears that vote.
I'm a nerd.
I'm an idiot.
A little right winged pantsy nerd.
He has a wife, you know, but nevertheless.
Yeah, he's there.
They don't get it.
The biggest Faker on TV ever.
Faker.
Not, they just don't get it.
Plus, I don't think that I think I did a pretty good job of covering most of the bases.
Ronald has a good choice.
And Ronald got a few votes.
Right.
So Ronald has got seven.
I'm going to tell you Kevin Trudeau should have a lot more votes.
Because he's, in fact, a lot of you people.
And I bought the book.
I was a sucker.
I was in Walgreens there one day.
And I saw the book at the counter.
I thought, I'm going to buy this and see just how full of crap it was.
You know what?
It was full of crap.
My God.
The stuff that he writes in it.
Now, you know, he does, you know, out of giving this.
He appeals to our contempt for the FDA, for the medical profession, for the pharmaceutical
manufacturers.
And he makes some good points.
So he throws in a few grains of truth in the middle of all his BS, his witchcraft.
You know, he's got miracle curious for asthma.
There's a cure for cancer.
There is a cure for like stupidity, you know?
But the people who are buying his book, obviously, haven't discovered that one yet.
Don't buy that book.
Don't buy anything from Kevin Trudeau.
This is a convicted felon who's been in the slumber twice for fraud, including for using credit card numbers that people bought his crap with the bio.
You know, himself stuff.
And he's got a multi-billion dollar scan goal and a pyramid scan speaking of...
That's pyramid, yeah.
And he's still on there.
WQAM, hello.
It's at line one again, boy.
I'd like to kill somebody.
QAM, hello.
Hey, I think Lawrence Welk, he's still doing shows, but he's very special.
He's doing a two or three shows.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I knew.
Hey, I've got some old names for you here.
And by the way, thanks for telling me about that fresh-faced phony.
I've been curious about that fool.
You know, you can't trust a face a lot.
Who Kevin Trudeau?
Yes, sir, whatever he is.
Fresh face, somebody had a smack in the push.
What a con artist, man.
What a liar.
I can't stand the guy that looks one way and in fact, he's the opposite.
Yeah.
But here's a good name for you, Neil.
Remember that old Nitsy Russell?
Yeah.
The black guy, he was cool and Orson Bean.
Yeah.
You know, just some names to toss around.
I'm out of material.
How, what, wait a minute.
What about Bennett Surfer?
Okay, he's gone.
He couldn't handle it.
What about George S. Kaufman?
Oh, Bulk Abrind is like, he's got his finger up his nose now, both her somewhere.
I guarantee he's got his finger in the orifice.
Oh, guess who's got a bad finger about it?
Wait, guess for Rod.
And wouldn't that be a shame if Gus for Rod can't play on Sunday?
Now, what girls team are they playing on Sunday?
Josh?
I don't know.
You or Miami Dolphins?
Or somebody's Miami Dolphins?
Yeah, he's got the finger in.
He probably hurt that.
I know which finger it is, too.
They said it's purple now.
Maybe he just voted.
It is election day today.
I guarantee his wife's got a sore finger because she keeps living in it at the media.
She can't hold a sunsendal because she got very, very upset about reading all those terrible things
they're writing about Gus, even though they're true, honey.
Okay?
I'm sure your husband's a wonderful guy and you love him very much and you never stole a freight train.
All of these things, but nevertheless, he blows.
Believe you me, he's bad.
He is weak.
Now, he came through for him, my pretty reasonable performance, I guess, last week, in defeat.
But nevertheless, by the way, they're playing the prounds.
Oh, they're going to lose that game.
The Browns aren't all that bad.
They both have a three and six record, but the Brownies aren't all that bad.
They gave the Steelers a pretty good run on Sunday.
Do you see any of that game?
I didn't see any of that game.
I'm telling you, they played pretty well.
They actually had a seven-nothing lead early in that game.
They couldn't stop the bus.
In fact, we'd like to throw a Kevin Chudal under the bus in some of the other people on this list today.
And this is a list of evil people, by the way.
Everybody at Sunnest List is evil.
Cavity QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're a great speaker, Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, I was actually on a game show many years ago where you said your phone was ringing.
I'm watching TV, and it was a nice,事-tank, and it wasn't a big deal.
It was a nice day that I was at the Hamsey.
No, come on.
It was called winning streak.
Yeah.
And I had the misfortune of walking to the restroom while he was washing up.
And I could confirm that the men either had no record with the leg.
Yeah, he had no polio.
He had any form leg, I guess.
But worse than that.
Well, he was washing up where his leg was supposed to be.
I remember that debt.
But he had more potheads in his streets than there are in the streets of Miami.
Oh, yeah, yeah, he was not a pretty guy, but he was a good, uh, he was personable. Oh, he was good on the, yeah, he's just a natural
He was a good guy and he was a good game show host and
You know the problem is I started playing another show
Chippity and in the middle of the show the producer came over to me and said that don't answer the questions
I'm asking questions, but I want a little bit
Well, that's good because it sounds kind of like sour grapes to me when you start bitching about Bill Collins a gimpy leg, you know
Oh
What was the show he was on was it jacked? No, not jacked by that was Jeff Clark the show with a family peer
Remember that I hated that show where they had like a little green building blocks. They had to connect with a family pair
I hated that. That was an awful show
But actually many years later was on a second show I was on the
High rollers with wink Martin Dale. Oh, yes, and I was I came back free time
Let me ask you did you actually have time to count Wink's teeth as you really have 172 teeth
He had at least 172
Yeah, not a pretty site. No, not at all. In fact if you see his teeth on Bill Collins leg, man
That's enough to phew for the rest of your life. Have a great day, pali and stay off those game shows
He was probably out there auditioning for a wheel of torture the other day in Hollywood
See the thing that is people are realized you can sit at home
I guess those puzzle I thought you one time I guess to puzzle with no letters. It was so high
I'm very good on the geography one well there in the world, but
When you're under the lights there and you're under a lot of pressure and you're up on a stage
It's a whole different thing. You know a lot of pressure heavy pressure
You think and then of course some of the people they pick are Denver than sawdust and I think that's why they do it
They just want to pick certain people are really stupid because they know they're gonna be stupid and they just say hey
Look at how much smarter you are than these stupid bastards. We got on our panel today
Yeah, I'm serious it makes it makes the audience feel better about themselves, right?
446 votes. I wouldn't be surprised if we get near 500 by the top of the hour
Which you know what that means Josh that means the race to a thousand the race to a thousand by two and all those
Boda's dollars. Oh God
Are we gonna be rich the biggest fake Iran TV Jimi Tammy Faye Baker 96 Dr. Phil 79 Pat Robertson 75
Vinnie Hins 61 Bill O'Rally 53 Jimmy Swagger 24 Reverend DJ's Kennedy 11 Janet Paul Crotch 11
Corolla River 9 Kevin, 2009. He should have 9,000
He should be in jail for like 50,000 years Tim Russell date Ron Popeel for Ernest Ainsley 3 and Richie Simmons
She's got three
Hey Richie Neil Roger this is 5162
David's a bitch
Don't forget to figure out the molemeister the original oyster coming along it to two some people like oysters
We like the doister or maybe we don't 247 a QA I'm on a great Tuesday boy. I just you can smell it
It's such a good day. Speaking of that new Delhi. Remember that horrible story we had about the old Deli
Oh, yeah, how they doused they were with kerosene and sediment fire
Should have because they wouldn't come up with a good enough deal the woman died in a calcutta hospital after ants ate one of her eyes
As she was recovering from a corny operation
He said there. Yeah one of her eye eye eye eyes
Gory Chakohurti. Yes, it would be fine had complained of terrible pain after the operation in the state run hospital
But the nurse told her it was normal left to run attended her son soon men told the press trust of Indian news agency
She complained of terrible pain
But they they're said should be your worst problem honey and she walked away
Nurse probably used to work at the rascal house
He said that when her bandages moved the next day they found big black ants nibbling at her eye. Oh, jeez
I'm never one for eating early in the day, but if I were I sure wouldn't be now already ate my bacon
She died a ghastly death. We don't even know the reason of her death said her son-in-law
It's probably it is the local health minister demanded a report in sin from the hospital authorities in response
Hospital superintendents had a five-member inquiry committee has been set up and there should be a worst problem on you
Well, that could never happen at Mount Sinai. Oh, everybody dies when an ant eats their eyes. Oh, and speaking of that guess who I saw
I meant to mention this yesterday. This is very important
On a biography channel give you a one guess very good
Well, the whole the God's image book the VG
Not thinking I was done. I'm gonna have to play that because I don't think there's any a fart sound in it
Is there no? No, we can play that yes
And yeah, and I apologize for calling Morris give Maurice, but to me he was always Maurice
I'm just not one of those into that Brithing but he everybody called him more sense what he called himself
It's still Marie. He'll always be Maurice to me like what he just would have put that burger down
Anyway, the BG thing was pretty interesting and I'd almost forgotten how good looking Andy Gibb was
But nevertheless he couldn't sing at all, but he looked pretty good
I sang a little bit not too much anyway. Somebody faxed his whole bill counting that'll be the end of this show
Uh-oh, this is that
That's um different that's the $10,000 per minute. That's what he could use to be $25,000
Oh
Ah
Oh
Well, stop that my speaker is vibrating so much I'm starting to get a little bit excited here
You hear the vibrations on that baby. I heard it. I go out
So I don't know. I don't know if I remember that or not the other one sounds more familiar
For that airs out to disc that you have is it? No, it's there's nothing airs out about the well
Let's see maybe there is let's see how the match came theme sounds on this disc. Okay
Well, that was the original one that's correct
As somebody you know would say that's correct
And what about the prices right just to be the old one. I'm sure
Yeah
I don't remember that at all before my time although you know in the it's telling just stop and think about this
Okay, I was before I was born. This is how old I am now. I was born before there was any television
I mean it existed it had been embedded. Oh, I'll tell you what's the definitive
Oh, yeah, this was the original one but Jack Clark was the announcer remember that
And the host is that awful what that was his name that oh he's a worst game host in America in the history
Oh, please you know who it was
I think he was shopping the epic scripted Dalmatian. Don't you remember that? Yeah, thank you
That's a
That's the one checks willery all right very good excellent. Oh, and here's probably one of your favorites now
Do you ever see the movie the check beris movie
Oh
What is it I saw both of them and by the way but the one that you're asking about yeah wasn't bad at all
I was surprised after I was very good right and I also saw on biography channel the same story
But of course it's a done more like true to fact although you we don't know what true is it all because he you know
He's like a joker such a kidder like that Valerie plane business taught us all you just really don't know now do you yeah?
Yeah, you never know who might be in the CIA
Maybe that little girl on the bus maybe she's a CIA
Maybe she's kind of Valerie playing huh?
Maybe she's claiming or maybe just
Baaaaming so somebody sends him this and this is not going to be a audience builder
But I don't care because he was really good bill cullen and you look it can't hurt to learn something okay
Maybe you might be important someday maybe you'll be on jeopardy and it was important to know who walley mackle marriars
Okay, or hero fisher or sandy fisher bill cullen full name William Lawrence cullen
Was an American radio and tv personality best known for his role in game shows both as host and panelists which span
Five decades both in radio and tv he was born in Pittsburgh and survived a childhood about with polio
They're left him with a limp for the rest of his life
See and most of the later game shows this set was designed in such a way that it came out from behind a curtain or off stage
Riding on something or off a turntable so they never had a walking distance across the stage and advertise the fact that he was a gimp
At polio I like the typical appearance conscious TV personality also wore very thick glasses would became kind of his trademark
Even Georgia members that though. You don't remember bill cullen though
Come on now crack your pleas. I don't I can understand Josh being the little whipper snapper than he is but it's solid
You know come on bill cullen. You don't know. What about Betsy Palmer?
Betsy Palmer was in Friday the 13th or one of those Jason what which I was in was she the mom
She was the real butch mom. Yeah, well then it was Friday the 13th
Which is the one with very very boy the first one that's the bomber man. She's a lot butcher in seven to people
After moving to New York, he hosted several radio programs including games shows in the 40s and 50s his first TV game show winner
Take all markets and build time production in CBS 52 hosted the highly successful day time and prime time version of the prices right
So 56 to 65 long time panelist on two classics. I got a secret to tell the truth with the bud ciger and Gary Moore
You don't even remember Gary Moore and Derwood Kirby do you know?
Just google dole cullen. I recognize him now, but there you go
See I know it. I mean don't give us this stuff like you're some young punk. Okay. You're an old part too. You're getting old. You're gray
Um, okay, and you're gray cullen hosted 20 different games show some of the shows in the long-risk food
I guess three on a match the 25,000 dollar pyramid block busters child play hot potato the joker's vile his last game show in the 80s after jack
Barry I got the jack very croak before or whatever
Jack Barry now there is a bad game show host for jack Barry who went to the jail or now he didn't go to jail
But somebody did for rich is faxing right now when he's listening
I just want to get a message out to him because rich does a cover sheet for all of his faxes
Yeah, and there's a big old box where he can write his facts in the con the cover sheet instead of wasting two of our pages rich
Just write your stuff on the cover sheet and cut the crap
He always does this I try to fax and bad. Let's see
I've got a secret to tell the truth match game and date hamburgers and the pyramid the Dixlar coast
That he was subredigastinose shows what made Colin so beloved is that he made everything look easy
You could make the most complicated games seem simple easy to learn
He also had a disarming self-deprecating with the toti didn't take life very seriously
He often referred to himself as uncle bill and did his his personality had a certain
Avocular nature he made everyone feel welcome and wanted
He was very bright man a pilot during ww2 long time love of anything mechanically
Fanatical sports fan did color commentary and college football running his career
He wants involved in broadcasting track and field NBC
One I've got a secret especially the producers learned really if they wanted to keep the game going for a while
They never start with bill if it was anything sports related or mechanical because you know it immediately
He was married three times his first marriage was a brief full-mouse still living in Pittsburgh
His second marriage was the singer Carol Ames from 1949 to 55
He was then married to former dancer model and macumber. I wonder if she was kind of richer than a cumber
Why don't some little cumber's her locally from 1955 really yeah dick macumber former a fantastic driver at pomp and opar
How you don't dick good guy a model and the cumber from 55 to his death in 1990 from here comes the part
I want to get to okay all you kids out there is don cherry would say
Proud lung cancer at the ages 70 been a smoker all is a belt like it wasn't a polio decademy was able to
Gimpers way along with that and survive it
But the smoking baby the smoking lung cancer all you kids out there stay away keep your distance from those faggets
Okay throw them in a trash can
Man when it's out toss them out
Now let's see what does this say what about Marlon Perkins and Jim Fowler from each of Omaha's wild kingdom with their staged animal capture adventures and
Whatever y'all be picking on poor Marlon Perkins right love the I love his pancake house
Uh, here's another fact. This is a long lines of many hint. How about Peter pop off to I don't even know if we can say that
Not anymore never see Peter pop off not lately possibly even more evil in him some focus focus faith here
Are speaking in tongues loads the last okay? Let's put him on there Peter pop off P.O.P. O.F. F
It says I'm not sure that's not P.O.P. O.V
But nevertheless then it make him a hockey player Peter pop off
I'm positive that the joy to get real nervous about that 1057 a Q.A.M
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Give me a ticket for an aeroplane
That's who they are the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
O.V.O.V.O.
Big me a letter
Bankrock what do you mean bank right? I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't come to look at that day jack again
Won't throw in the towers still like by your bowels O.V.O.V.O.V.O.V.O.
Big me a letter. Hey man. What do you mean there's no fn 4?
Vanna pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you
Hey man. Is that an all over town or what? Vanna I don't understand why you make a hundred grand up for me to say
Anyway, give me a ticket for an aeroplane
Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win spin the wheel again
Or Vanna pick me a letter
No, I don't think I'm a right
I have my faith back to let me do it
Hey there now in that world is a low rider
All right
No, I don't
Forget the letter man. I'll take that a while. You beautiful baby
You'll make complete a home game
Give me a ticket for an aeroplane
All right
I'm on the wheel of fortune game
I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round
Hey, Vanna, pick me a letter, lose a turn, hey, pass, lose it,
Vanna, pick me a letter, no one's out there any better, I dream about you
All right, that is all over again, Vanna, I don't need to stare, but are you wearing underwear?
I can't wait to say, anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look, can't pass, say, jack again
Won't throw in the towel, still like by your bowels
Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter, lose a turn, pick me a letter
All right, I'm ready to pick, baby, ABCD, EMD, AKT, KLN, no people are asleep, we WXMID
That's your cover now
All right, I take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator
Hey, man, what do you mean, 500 dollars for a black and white five and portable TV set?
You got ripped off, man, my brother will not forget for your old sales
Give me that money and I'll buy the TV set, man, all right?
Hey, why don't you come on, baby?
All the good news is there is a Peter Poff office ministry, I did a Google search on it
And the first thing that came up was from a website called fraudalert.com
So I guess Peter Poff office ministry sure qualifies for the pool to these, everybody got a vote
And then the first hour, 536, pretty overwhelming if you asked me, not pan
Now last night there was a chick that, big boobs by the way, the light's here
On wheel of fortune, did you see her?
No, why not?
What do you laugh at about?
How about you Josh?
How about wheel of fortune?
Easy old women games
And anyway, so she gets to the bonus round and she wins
She gets the puzzle, whatever
It was a big bash, was the puzzle, big bash
And it was a nice solve
And so Pat opens up the thing that she picked out with whatever the prize is inside
And he looks at it real quick, oh I'm sorry and then he holds it up, it's 100 grand
100 grand, which of course is only one of those on that little wheel, 100 grand
Because most of the time when he win cash it's the bare bottom, 25 grand
But you want to throw that back, you know, like catching a small fish
Just throw it back, 100 grand last night, you'd have been very proud, she was well endowed
And they might have even been real, but I doubted
He said with an unpopular war in American public increasingly less trusting
President Bush faces the lowest approval rating of his presidency
He put that new poll yesterday, the cabinet is under the poll, baby
So many polls and so little time
That's what the Pope said
Bush also received his all-time worst marks and three other categories
And they see an end USAIDA Gallup poll
The categories were terrorism, trust within this and whether the Iraq war was worthwhile
His 37% overall approval rating was 2 points below his ranking in October
Both by, let's see
60% of the American adults interviewed by phone Friday through Sunday said they disapprove of how he's handling his job as president
And we got three long torturers years ago speaking of torture
Our book are things like that, three years
I warn you people, don't say I didn't tell you so
You can smell a fascist, you can smell a lunatic from a mile away
The stench of commoners, the mad bug, would say is emanating from a 1600 Pennsylvania avenue
The White House says it doesn't pay attention to poll numbers, yadi, yadi, yadi, right
Bush also rated poorly in the new poll for his policy on terrorism
For the first time less than half, only 48% of those surveyed said they approved how he's handling the war on terror
Let's see, 60% said it wasn't worth going to war in Iraq and 38% said it was worthwhile
When asked about his abilities, 49% of those surveyed said he was a strong president
49% said he was a weak leader
About 50% here comes the most important part of this poll, I love it
I wish that asked me
50% of the people poll say they dislike Bush
While 6% claim they hate him, they don't just dislike him, they hate him like poison
When asked of the new poll if they trust Bush more than they had trusted Bill Clinton
48% of the respondents said they trusted Bush less, 36% said they trusted him more
And 15% said, men's men's the same
So I do like that, 48% said they trusted Bubba Moore, which had said it had been a lot higher than that
In the poll 56% of registered voters said they would be likely to vote against the local candidate supported by Bush
Only 9% said the first choice the next year selection would be Republican and supports Bush on almost every major issue
How do you like that?
56% said the country would be better off of Congress controlled by Democrats, 34% by the Republican
And the rest of them said a plague on all of them they should all rot in hell with FP&L
Speaking of the eroding supporting from his own people now, this is a good story
Well better late than ever I guess before we get to 3000
In a side of increasing unease among congressional Republicans over the war in Iraq
The Senate is considering today a Republican proposal that calls for Iraqi forces to take the lead in next year in securing the nation for the Bush administration
Lay out its strategy for ending the war when in doubt get the hell out
See that?
We're talking about that right now, that's my secretary
What is your Biden? He's by this time
People in drool believing this
Not just because Americans are dying as tragic it is because they don't think they have a plan
What I think all Democrats and Republicans have finally decided to do is tell us the plan Stan
Tell us Mr. President what's the plan? It's the first time this is happening
Tell us the plan Stan, sounds like a great line for a song
The Senate's all-screwd scheduled to vote today in a compromise and I was last night there would allow terror detainees some access to federal courts
The Senate had voted last week to prohibit these being held from challenging their intentions to federal court despite a Supreme Court ruling to the contrary
But now the war must turning baby they had those elections last week in Jersey and Virginia and California with Arnold and all that stuff going on
And now they say oh well what was us what was us we better run us far away from this guy and the Henry Hyde you know run far away
Okay, let's get a whole bunch of calls in there because I think Bill Cohen probably opened up a real Pandora's box
5670560 what the hell was that show with the with the little green nuggets on here what was that awful was it blockbuster?
I don't know little green nuggets sounds like Lepur County Lepur County
Oh
Pretty punty
That would make a good show open for something
Oh these are all investigate gameshaws again not that anybody watches him but
Well here's the Joker's while with Jack Barry
Yeah, that was it
Yeah, Joker, Joker, Joker
Oh he was just awful he was in bursting I felt bad for him
Well very few people I've ever seen in television that just wanted to crawl under the couch and just hide oh Jack you're so bad
And who's fascinist is crap okay I mean it was nice that we got to build a common one
We don't want to do all the games show host okay Tom Kennedy who's still alive I believe he's now retired and he was uh let's see
Born James
Faye Nars Faye I wonder if he's into Faye Wayne or Faye Ray James Faye Nars
And of course he was brother of Jack Nars another game show host changes named to avoid confusion
Probably don't care about Tom Kennedy it was okay he was on Moceean he was on the name that tune
Right all right and then in the cemetery of Jose the sequels called name that prune and then they got that one in Liberty City called
Let's see it also it was on password plus with second uh he's on a whole bunch of stuff and then talks about Alan Wooden
Hey Alan you fairy never tell you about Alan Wooden and working with Bill Carter and Boston
Yeah Alan Wooden was married to Betty White who's obviously out here
Remember Alan Wooden yeah you're a pseudo intellectual you should have liked him a lot and you're a pseudo intellectual
You're a pseudo intellectual that will mean everything that's over your head
I got it took him brain I wasn't over my head I had all the answers but anyway password was uh that was okay
Too much Betty White 5 6 7 0 5 60 everybody loves Bill Colon even if they don't know who he was
But like I said lung cancer 70 put the pieces of the puzzle together okay
Take those camels and drum down the turl it okay flush them
Save the pot and toss the fangus
70 QA M hello
Molo's the cock
Down down the pot one two three yeah
72 A.M. Hello yeah Niel yes sir how are you sir pretty good the biggest
Faker oh it's a chronic it's chronic chronic
Go ahead the biggest
Faker in the history of humanity are the books
Okay great but that's not new with our poll
I just have an open essay and he's a good guy but I'm just you know he just looks for excuse to call and
It's got nothing at all at least first of all the popus 9 TV except that when they show with his B.D. Eyes
And all those uh gets used there you know and evil St Peter Square he's evil though
He's not for the poll okay he don't have no TV show yet
WQA M hello
Yeah sir that was blockbuster
Was that what you mean green rocks yeah that's it blockbuster that was how you watch that
That was sure with a family pair right yeah yeah two yeah
Yeah that's how time green couldn't host the show the head of the family pair
Yeah
Okay
Alright yeah
Well he looked that was a confirmation that I had the right information
I wonder if I have the theme for that what was it called blockbuster
Oh I got it I'll be damn man I'll be hot damn as they say as Joyce would have a say hot dang
No she wouldn't say hot damn hot dang dang
Hey we hate you Joyce we want something really horrible and evil and we're a restart that you survived Wilma
Just wait till next big hurray king comas
We're gonna have Pat Robertson put a spell on it and stick it right uh well
Ready to move on shine
I don't remember this at all I just remember the show
Oh I don't like that
I don't know what they can par with other people
I don't remember this at all
No
Now what about high rollers who was on high rollers
That was Alex Trebek wouldn't it?
You're a boy
I wouldn't have
Huh?
I just watched that pop in there
High rollers with Alex Trebek
What else was he on he was on um I think he was on a concentration unlike the last uh
When he brought it back for the 85th time
Possibly
A few bounds and then R James and then uh Alex Trebek
He's a good Canadian boy Alex Trebek
Real sued real sued intellectual takes himself much too seriously
Uh the answer is and that was uh that was uh
What was uh R James no not R James
Who was the first host we've been through this been a million times before and I can never think of his name
Um the real boring guy
It wasn't a jeopardy narrow it down
No the first host of jeopardy for about a hundred years
When you get with it long before there was Alex Trebek was um uh Don uh don't uh don no what is Don okay anyway
Huh do a Google line at uh jeopardy
And you'll be embarrassed that we don't know the name he'd be shocked
I didn't watch it in that Google it
Google it
Jeopardy
Really boring guy very very dry very he was perfect for that show very dry very like pasty looking really um no personality whatsoever you know
Kind of like the show no personality
Art Fleming art Fleming very good actually job art Fleming
Good I don't have that bell do I have the bill you always got the bill oh
Oh
That's you know what was that under
What is that under the prize bill yeah prize bill
Prize bill I don't got no prize there was just under prize bill I don't understand
I got prices at the pump I don't got no prize I don't think this is the one that's in the can here
They came in with the machine it's a came with a machine. Oh, I know it's a good machine. Oh, no
I'm not sure look at that more tornadoes there in the Midwest God is really waxed his wrath is waxing hot and he is just unleashing a
Tourist of hurricanes and tornadoes and tsunamis and all kinds of crap mudslides
A flooding all sorts of things when are you people going to get the message already huh God is foaming it from out about bush
You think it's just them people in Latin America and you go chavez man. It's not just them
Everybody in the world is just really upset and God is trying to send a message course in fact he's probably going to have the be
Singing God I get a message to you. I think the be jeez were great. I don't care what anybody says. I love them
You know, it's one of those things. Remember we did the pool about the artist that you like but you're embarrassed to
Men they did well they were on that pool just because they weren't so much when because very did that falsetto high voice
But they were great and not a single one of them was Jay. How do you like that? But boy I tell you if you go out there and ask John
Q public on the be jeez there a bunch of faggot. You know like that right am I right? Yeah
All that music was great
Nights on Broadway. Yeah, it wasn't the greatest song of all time. You guys the the macho guys
Like Josh the Josh like the be jeez I do
Thank God for that. I gotta get a message you there it is. I want to hear a little nice in Broadway
I'm way past on the break that I don't we're gonna all the spots in that's all we care about
Why don't you know have nice and broadway?
I got a lot in my bts today. I have a deer somewhere but not here
How can this be here? It's not there nights on Broadway boy. I'm afraid to let you down
That's what kind of easy was singing this weekend. I gotta get a message to love that song
Yeah, I do too
It's one thing we're way past great time and if your hair is on the floor down the shower drain or down the sink
Here's the answer gets you suffered great looking head of here at a very reasonable price for my good buddy
Chuck Alphiri not a modesty looking muskrat on your head not a bunch of dangerous pills that'll really
Propish you off when you take them and risk your health and then find you don't even grow one follicle back
We're talking about a great looking head of hair called the natural hairline system for no amount of money
Can you get a better looking piece which is why even a famous and rich guys have gone to Charlie for over 30 years now
Make sure they look their best
I'm sure that the Donald Trump don't go there you can bet your life on that and Charlie's a new skin like hair system is 100%
Detectable looks like we'll hear going out of your scalp as opposed to all the alternatives which our grotesque and have people
Falling on a floor life in their ass off at you and you have nothing to risk at all
You'd nothing to lose but the ball spot because you tried Charlie's system for 30 days
After month of you don't look loved the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting action 70 80 90 100 times a day
We turn it for a full refund make the call today
Tell Charlie heard about it here on the new Roger show and get a QM $200 discount off the regular
$800 price of that fantastic look a natural hairline system and like I always tell you look better and younger than you ever dreamed
You could have gained call toll free today 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 on the worldwide web
It's Charles Alfie Erie dot com if you can't spell it call up Troy
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.62
Shut up, baby do not shout
Cuz the baby's coming out
We must not imprint it's tiny brain
With noises that will drive it insane
And you must go through a labor without any drugs
Only
You must give
Insider
So fear Katie do not scream
You'll give the baby scary dreams
Oh my god, you're married to a Scientologist
So you don't need a guy to call it just
Elron
Meantime silence in the presence of birth
What a jerk
No man would you
Inside
Too bad the Beatles never meant Elron hubbub you know
21 after 11 at 5.62 and we got 592 votes
We're gonna have 600 and about a heartbeat, you know, and we got a shot today. We had a shot at the greatness
We really do have a shot
There's an old guy that shot goes Bob Parker
Right right he'd say he's a beautiful guy. He's in the room. It's his I'm a good part. He'd say yes if he was in the room
Oh, there he comes back. Yeah, he knows
Bob Parker
I wouldn't be surprised if that's on right now. Isn't it is this the time for the prices right? I believe huh?
Nice hair by the way look at that white I think he's gonna die during the taping on one of these shows
Don't you by the way?
Ask me if I knew who Bob Parker was. I was just of course you know about the bar for is I said
I'm sure that Josh knows Bob Parker is what I said
Oh, I bet you don't know Johnny Olson I would say you're more from the Rod Roddy era
Hey, Rod you're fair. That's okay. He's dead. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 6 D
I have no idea what we're talking about today
I thought we're talking about the biggest fakers on TV which we are that's our poll question and then all of a sudden
How we got into this build column thing where did that come from I don't know from your ainus
They might be I know he was out of this world. That's what they all said. He was no Arlene Francis
But he was pretty good. He was no Dorothy kill gallon. He was no soupie sales
Oh, you like soupie sales and so do I yeah, what's wrong with that? I wonder how did you see soupie sales on game shows on panels and stuff
I showed no, oh, hey, oh, it's really great. It was a hoot. It was really fine
How many Q I am hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on man? How you doing?
I just want to show you behind what happened to George with his suspension, and I've been out a couple days
I missed it. I wonder if you like took somebody else's pizza or something like
Don't don't don't do
What happened?
Oh
God want to think about this crab man. Give him a little pizza. Give a slice of two and a run with it
You know, I mean they run I
Didn't steal my pizza, okay?
Somebody Q I am hello. Okay the biggest maker on TV. Yes, Kevin Frodo
Yeah, he's on there and he ought to have a thousand votes
He's got only 14 that's because they don't know who he is
Mr. Optine here by giving you
Right maybe you knew cell phone to maybe it gets some better health for your cell phone. Oh here come the least
By the way, it's Dan Kelly and he's still then
Just just amazing you see that's the one good thing even though you're getting close to the big box in the ground as you get older
There's so much more you know and of course the punks like Josh think wow who wants to know that anyway believe me
You want to know it you feel left out? Oh?
Do I know that's just a little no you don't you're right look at all the great things you got to look forward to WW3 all that good stuff
Like wait wait till like 40-year-old guys are gonna get drafted
What if this guy gets on like on the right speed?
We just don't have to start like this
No, there was a fun show I don't care what anybody says and we can go through the whole Richard Dawson thing and talk about his ego
And in fact that he got tossed off the show because he was a jackass and a drunk but never left by the way because I was thinking about
You know because I don't like to watch the the reruns of
Game shows all right. There's here somebody said us to think about Ray Cohn
Yeah, just before I picked this up I was talking about Richard Dawson and I played the family feud thing
Did I play family feud or not? No, I played match here. I was gonna play family
But that thing is it it was a comedy show where they were just coming up with comedy lines and that was the idea
So it's funny and it's always funny and it's well wouldn't have any comedy show when you got people like nipsy Russell and Charles Nelson Riley
You're fair in the bread summers. Why I hated her. I don't know
I know that's why Jack Cugman sounds like they have to get no lung cancer. I think just from screaming at that bitch
That's why he sounds like that today Jack Cugman isn't it strange wouldn't you thought that he would have gone first and not Tony Randall?
I would have I think Tony probably he probably
Vittable because making all my babies, you know when you get to be 70 and you exert all your energy making a lot of babies you
I meet your maker
Ray Cohn was poor Ray. He was at that. He was pretty good
But he wanted to be another Johnny Carson that was the whole deal. Now what we always read I guess I didn't read
audiences initially accepted his performance on family feud despite the inevitable comparison to long time
Hoaster Richard Dawson by 93 high-ever the shows ratings were declining I see
Jonathan Goodson who became a chairman of markets and productive after his father's death a year earlier
Made the decision to replace com so the man he replaced Richard Dawson. Oh, I see a very unhappy visibly crying comins walked out of the CBS
Studios before the end of his last episode in
94 where they winning family got 77 points in fast money
Is this what they put cares about that?
Combs this missile from feud was money many events that ultimately there was suicide by hanging I thought he shot himself
He will learn something every day 96 he hanged himself an auto-wast didn't 94 nearly paralyzed him
He went through financial problems after comedy club he wouldn't sit in anyone bust
He also separated from his longtime wife with whom he had 14 children get out
14 children. I didn't know he's an orthodox you or a Muslim god or Catholic or a good Catholic or really good
Kelly several attempts to make it back at the TV most notably as host of the cable game show family channels all failed
He checked out the psychiatric ward under when the series a shock therapy. Oh my god. Just like Jack
And he went out California hospital and hanged himself in the broom closet with bedsheets on his wife's 40th birthday
He was discovered after a horrible smell was detected by staff members
He was only 40 years old and a member of the seven-say ad vet is now that Kettle-like puts a label on
This is Neil Rogers
Miss a spike needed a more featuring tray
You can unwrap all the slime all the time
Congratulations get a life as Gabriel police. She keeps the neighbors talking on with Sturie Lane
But it's actress Edelongoria who has the whole country talking and when she wanted to tell her story she talked to us
I want sex has sex always been something that you have yeah
Absolutely can you handle a gardener?
Yes, I could buy a team of garden a team of garden six you have made some
Surprisingly candid remarks like they about six
Coming up
When Jake line continues now would that include like ava gardener or how about Earl Stanley gardener?
It's 1130 Perry Mason baby. Who do you think wrote or a Perry Mason or Earl Stanley gardener?
You know you're lack of knowledge about important stuff
I know all that history and religion and stuff that you think is important
You better get with more practical crap. I know like that Raymond Burr was gay. That's important
Well, if it's out of college class on it, you know
I'm like take on what on the Raymond Burr being gay and it probably have a little tab hunter-winful when there too
Antonio Perkins you can probably go to Perkins pancake house. That's the talk of the town
We got over 600 votes boys and girls on this pool today. That is a shocking news, isn't it?
Okay, even Josh who's very difficult to move off the dime because he's tired, you know, I am moved
612 610 oh again
Yeah, Josh is moving again this week by the way
Let's have a lot of built collectives chasing your ass around boy. I've never seen anybody make so many times
You've got a perfect start for radio boy. This is the way to the radio gypsies
Nickel
Radio gypsy and that's his theme song I get around
It is as opposed to Fat Boy whose theme song is I get round white color migrant labor
628 636 votes on the pool the biggest fakers on TV ever Jim and Tammy Faye Baker 124
Well, I should have played a little Tammy Faye. What's that good Jimmy? Jimmy is whatever that is the media
It's sick and they pop dad. I know the one. I mean I'll get to it and also impacted fart
Dr. Phil 114 Pat Robertson 114 same guy different smile
Benny Henn 88 Bill O'Reilly 79 Jimmy Srager 31 Geraldo Reverto 21 Janipal Crotch 8 to 16 Kevin Trudeau only 14 if you knew who he was
You would be you'd be back on your computer. You'd be squeezing it. You'd be hitting them without ball peen hammer
You'd be going crazy Kevin Trudeau belongs behind bars wherever DJ's Kennedy 21 he or 12 he ought to be in there to Tim Rosardate
Phoney Richard Simmons 6 let's have a deal in me. I'll come on everybody deal in me
I'll be a look cards do some sweat and sweat in the oldies
Yeah, Ernest Angelie for Ron Pupil 4 and Peter pop off is only got one Peter pop of it
Peter pop off what a name the Peter pop off ministries. He's got that magic water
So hold your water the released daughter
G. O. P governor's race tight Harris Pales Bill Nelson in a Senate bid by about 7,000 points
Attorney General Charlie Chris to fair and chief financial officer Tom Gallagher remained deadlocked in their bid for Republican nomination for governor
While U.S. Representative Catherine Harris is far behind to come and Democrat Bill Nelson in the U.S.
And raise a new pool shows just out only moments ago
Bill Nelson gets 55% against the 31% for Catherine flux fixed the election Harris
That's not even close enough for her to fix you know it no
Harris high ever was favored by 46% in the primary race against U.S. Representative Mark Foley
There's a lot of queens running this
Racism Florida. How do you like that next year?
Mark Miss Foley and Miss Christ. How do you like that?
She has 46% of Mark Foley 29% so that's good news
Totally however would fair about to say against Bill Nelson
So that's really good because it looks like they'll take her to run against Bill Nelson and will be a shoe-in for old Billy boy
Who's kind of weak if you ask me? He ain't no Bobby Graham Foley briefly sought to be a public nomination
Presented last year before dropping out for personal reasons
Yay and hasn't said whether he'll challenge Harris in the primary who you kid in Mark come out sweet art
Would you be to a starlight Jesus or you can anybody or what?
Nelson was elected and we know that the survey raised the possibility of a close 2006 governor's race
Why US representative Kim Davis of Tantley, I see governor
Kim Davis of Tampa let states said under Rod Smith among Democratic voters for the party's nomination was in a statistical five
With the two Republican guber and editorial hopefuls Davis was supported by 25% Democrats 15% for Smith
However, don't know it's delayed on who they are 56% Democrats and who they
So that's so what's going on there? We're getting ready for next year now
We're gonna throw all the Nazis out when in doubt toss their ass out. Well, speaking of Nazis
You know
University of Tennessee
Armonie for Howard Baker the Center for Public Policy, which is being built there as you know
Howard Baker was a summer US senator and ambassador to Japan
Well, I thought I'm not great news. Heckers messing up with Cheney speech tough luck dick
Here is a
Doug Thompson. No, he's got that rant. He writes every day
Just told me yesterday had Bush and hell which is a good place for him
We don't want to disturb all the other people down there
Doug Thompson publisher of Capitol Hill blue rights bush runs but can't hide from failures
Well, he just writing everything more scathing and scathing good
I sure I take from a successful assignment or reading these on here to be honest with it because long overdue
If somebody take the gloves off and cut the crap already, okay
How is it that people were so blind maybe they were like I don't know what they were doing
They were like looking the other way. They're always looking the other way. They were worried about important stuff like survivor
You know if salanties stuff like that
survivor Chattanooga
Crap, that's American specialty is crap, and that's why we got what we got now
But even even the people obsessed with crap like the God Squad even they're starting to say well wait a second here
We got some real problems with a scoop ball
Doug Thompson writes that his president Bush jets off to Asia
He flees a country bitterly divided by his policies and a Republican party an open revolt over his many failures
The mood in both the White House and the nation harkens back to the days of Lyndon Johnson and Richard and Nixon
Says retired political science professor George Harley who served in the Nixon administration
Nixon was able to fly to China and for a while various problems with diplomatic triumphs
Nixon like Bush was a flawed president
Unlike Bush Nixon had diplomatic skills
Bush leaves behind a nation in turmoil ripped apart by an unpopular war in Iraq and increasingly this trustful of leader
Who sent Americans to die there is use of veterans data attack opponents of his war has angered and further alienated veterans groups
Another political misstep by an administration barbed by frequent escalating screw-ups
The president resorted was old playbook of this red-rated red-wreck about the war on terror and political attacks and his own political
Forchins and credibility diminished that said I'm an ordinary leader the wimpy hairy read no relation to Greg
With pull showing 57% of the American people believing Bush lied to leave this country in the war in Iraq and now let me
Can I interrupt this at that point go ahead if 57% of the public believes that he lied to get us in this war
We got almost 21 hundred dead Americans. Why are there not impeachment hearings going on right now shut up
Why do you hate America?
Republican political strategies is not tell their candidates to abort any association with the president and to moderate their views away from the extreme right-wing position of the GOP
Other finally starting to catch on to that, okay?
The president is gone too far and the party is gone too far since Harley those who returned to the center might stand a chance in next year's midterm elections
Those who stick with the president the far right do not no chance not a zip-but-a-do-da
Even notorious conservatives like Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum chairman of the Senate Republican conference are avoiding appearances with Bush
Santorum cited scheduling conflicts that kept him from appearing with Bush during the president's veterans
Attack any Iraqi war critics, but Santorum also told radio talk show host
Oh, I said talk shock shock Don I miss it shock that a dead man can be on the air cold Don I miss it
He doesn't intend to appear with the president for the time being he's keeping his distance shock shock shock my ass
Santorum needs a reassert separation with establish independence from the president
So voters believe he represents their interests is Terry Madonna
The list and polls are at Franklin Marshall College in Pennsylvania Republicans like can have every reason to be concerned and they are
They are
Republicans you need to hear worth of Arizona says he won't campaign with Bush when asked if he wanted to present to come to his district
He said in a word no not at this time a word in a word
Hey, what also says that he won't use the president any campaign ads other Republicans have been bushes dragging the party down
Bush isn't a funk says former centimed jury leader Bob dual maybe he's one of the funk brothers
He's about to hit rock bottom and the party is down there with him says old Bob dual
But others say the president's fall can continue and with the fortunes of the GOP
Alessment of visits to Virginia to Stump for Republican. Well, if it only built Carl it would have been there to stump for him
Right
The Stump for Republican governor to roll candidate Jerry Kilgore said is one of the reasons Kilgore lost the race
He had in the bag weeks earlier and losing GOP candidate New Jersey blames the presence on popularity for his loss
If Bush's numbers were where they were a year ago even six months ago
I think we would have won duck forces set after losing Democrat John Corzine
Other Republicans married in scandal face tough election battles next year said
Majority leader Bill Fist caught up in an insider stock investigation would lose if the election were held today a poll shows
Bush is trying to turn the tide by launching a new series of attacks on his opponents a well-worn strategy
Often used by chief political advisor Carl roped the rescue as president times the crisis
But backlash against the veterans day speech suggests the public isn't by that act this time around
The public has heard all this before and it isn't selling this time around says political scientists
Harley with apologies to Merit at the Wilson the Republicans got trouble that starts with T and Rams would be in that stands for Bush
And he liked that neck you starts with T. Rams would be
And Rams would push and smells bullshit
6509 votes. We're gonna have about 700 votes by the top of the new now and you know something
We are really rolling it. You know, I'm pretty soon. You start smoking it and then Joe can like jump right out the window
This is Neil Rogers
This is
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
I was working in the White House late one time when my ears heard something that wasn't right
I think Jamie Carl roared and that scuda guy
revealed the name of a CIA spy
It was a long study
Now they're all up the creek
indictments coming as we
It was a long
General Carats are having run
investigation has just begun
Suspects include the entire
push
administration
It was a long study
George Bush is starting to think
Things are looking pretty pretty
Cause of the mom's
Oh the Levitamemid conquer would draw from Iraq we just defeated on a Senate floor 58 to 40
How do you like that? I just showed Carl live and screaming and gesticulating and just got those bifurcals down on the end of his nose
Yeah, I said bifurcals don't get panicky
Here's a little more on that girl shooting stuff
A 17-year-old girl shot another teenage girl this morning on a charter school bus in Miramar the victims injuries
Thanks God are not life threatening
The two girls got into an argument yesterday according to police and the argument continued this morning after both girls got into school bus
The bus was on its way to parkway academy charter school around 745 this morning
The bus picked up the suspect first then the victim and the argument continued
In the 3700 block of woods gave drive near county line road the suspect pulled out a swallhand gun and
But a thing hitting the victim in the upper torso the victim was rushed to memorial regional hospital in Pemberton Pines
Is that where you took me that time? I think it might be yeah, I had my uh my vet
Had a little running with the wall there that time a little bunk on the head
The suspect ran away her home located at the substance such in Miramar is now surrounded by police and a SWAT team
Students who witnessed the shooting said the victim joined in with the other girls yesterday and making fun of the shooters here on the school bus
As it took them home you don't be messing with my hair baby
Right now a physical fight broke out between the two girls continued in the hood today student witnesses said the shooter who had a black eye
Got out of the bus went up to do the girl, but a bang and I got off the bus
Two girls in the area are also in their lockdown as a precautionary Annabelle C. Perry elementary and
Henry D. Perry middle school at 3,400 wildcat way parkway academies to open the parents allowed to take their children home
How do you like that? I make fun of my hair
What are you doing that no more you idiot you quizzling you fed it right
Fies it also anyway. I got a pretty impacted fart and
It's interesting how different hosts have a different effect on the
Really good show if you don't like card sharks. There's something a. O. S. Game shows go. Yeah, I never saw card sharks
I saw it. I never played along. You know what I mean? It's not passing
Well, it was one of the thing here. I just saw it in passing anyway
The first host on card sharks was Jim Perry least I believe he was first and he was very good
He was excellent
He was the definitive host and then the second host was the umptuous with a stiff collar neck bob u-banks
When I see bob u-banks, I want to go on my hands and he's crawling into the bowl and poop my guts out
I just bob u-banks gives me spiel keys makes butterflies call all over my body can't stand him and
Conversely wheel of fortune which actually I think I don't know if it ever went off the urnot
But when Chuck swirly was on what it's they used to go shopping
You know and they headed a little ceramic Dalmatian and lots of the graph. Oh the show was garbage
And I don't think it was ever really a major hit when he was on it
And all of a sudden he became low-key Pat say Jack who the you know him and vana between the two of them is not
Nothing special there. It's you know what her flat chest and everything
But the fact that it matter is it's a hit and I like it a bander just see they're perfect for the show
That's not a show that requires a lot of like a dynamic personality is somebody like mess it out
Yeah, Pat's big thing if the show is the end of the show when time runs out
He gives the wheel one last spin and more off a nod because I think he's got a breaky steps on it lands at five thousand and we'll add a thousand
That's six thousand dollars a letter and you're saying holy crap you know what he says? I don't know
You don't even watch that so do you know but why not I everybody watches wheel of fortune housewives man get out of here
I'm rich and Josh has seen it. Yeah, I don't have a problem with it. I think it's fine housewives see there
He goes again when I get that crap
Nothing wrong when I true. Why didn't say that it's just not for me. Oh look
Jeopardy's not for me
I didn't say that anything wrong with you watch it just because it's a show for a suit of intellectuals
It's fine. You don't know any the question. I know nothing. I don't want to I don't want to answer a question with a question
Okay, I don't want to answer a question with a question. I don't want to wait. I got a minute for it man
I got the postings out me a little fortune before she even turns the first letter at the end of it. That's the point right really easy
It's not easy. It's not easy
When he answered the puzzle is ish from in Michigan how many people know that hasn't challenged me since I was a child WQ
2 a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got a message for all the guys in the audience
Body wash is for fans
You're fair. Yeah, right really said we got to teach these people how to like a body wash it and we're the Schmier their new Turgina and
Well, well, how to what kind of proof to buy out there? It's just very sad the leaf is just our mind is leafa not lufa
I don't know where you come up with a lufa crap mind is leafa because leafa is a play on the word lufa
Well, I don't care what it is. I read I mean if you ever heard anybody say go lufa go at the hockey game
No, but they say go leafa go the Italians here. They say go leafa go
Wtq. I am hello. I'm falling and I can't reach my butt. Please
Wtq. I am hello wheel. Yes, sir even Charlie Bather watches wheel of fortune
Great. I don't know whoever he is. I have no idea Charlie Van Dyker somebody like her some dyke who the hell knows and who cares
Everybody watches wheel of fortune you guys out there. I'm gonna you know it. I know it's a good show
And a lot of guys that watch it just for a van which shows the really desperate but never less. I used to
She's okay, but she I mean if you were to tell me that she's hot no take that one hundred grand last night
She was hot. She she made van look like
He's pretty no partner come on a partner holes much to do about nothing who
Right. That's what I'm saying. She's certainly not hot
Seven hundred eight votes. I must be reading that wrong. I must need some new a mag division reading glasses
708. It's not even noon yet. What the hell is going on here? Maybe the post will move the blues are over with not and of course
You know, it's disadvantaged like Tommy says a mother touch. Thank God. I don't want to be in touch with that place
So you know things kind of like coming back to normal and the reason I asked that is because I got a story here
That's as 400 out of sync signals have powered drivers fuming at lengthy red lights. Yeah, like that
They're out of sync the light thing is still a problem your body wash
That's okay in the sink or on the ledge, but this is out of sync
You know you guys that are still using soap. I'm gonna say I don't want to knock you do whatever you want
Like we said before watch whatever shows you like listen to whatever you like stick your finger wherever you like
But the fact that a matter is using soap is passé and especially in Florida where all the beautiful beaches
At least they used to be anyway. I don't go to the beach with a two-piece bathing suit guys
It's a little on you know and they they were like with the
You know what they used to look like yeah with the stripes and the stripes like a prisoner fit on
You know the you see them in the silent movies. It's ridiculous and they were made of wool
Were they really yeah, they were throw the documentary on it?
Well, I'm a shabwuli not on the suits, but just the swimming recreational swimming in general
They were made out of wool. Yeah, can you imagine when that's got wet? Oh, man
I'd be a little sheepish about words that like that to be got wet almost that something the traffic signals on your commute might be working
Well, and you stop and think about that think back to me the evil times all the nice
Knights in armor and now I mean how do those people?
Even keep the human race going because they by the time they got all that stuff off
They're probably too exhausted even do anything. That was the only kind of birth control. They had exhaustion good
God now the Scottish for example they at least were those people quick access you know a quick quick access
I letty traffic signal on course with too bad. We can't play ever again
That's really said can't play that bit that is really very sad. I'm desperately trying to I can't find it
Play a little bit. Oh, I know it's under stick. I'm looking for a spoon. It's not under
You got the stick your spoon or it's not gonna bring okay, letty they are so as silly as the brits are the Scottish are like they take it to another level
You know it's high comedy to me and of course the people in whales well well well
The traffic signals on your commute might be working
But they aren't necessarily talking to each other the result drivers are with the mercy of fickle lights that hold them hostage
At numerous intersections along a single street. It's your way to big wreck on on the 95 yesterday the floods
Side streets with drivers looking for shortcuts. It's happened Monday morning as Josh well knows
And the situation becomes even worse now you could almost tell how good that microwave bacon was ahead this morning by that grabs
Couldn't you tell I can spill it a good healthy and good healthy aroma from it
I can't tell you how many times I've come to a large intersection that's factor for miles and the light is only letting five or six cars through at a time
Say Jonathan Maxon or Coral Springs and in addition to replacing missing your damaged signal heads and re-hanging wires
Cruise must also be set the timing of hundreds of signals knocked out by Wilma when synchronized
But first of all when were the lights ever synchronized anyway?
I wonder that happened. Oh, maybe I've said that I've been there then right this before your time when synchronized
Traffic lights worth a lot motorist had a steady stream of green lights on major roads during rush hour
The way I've always fun it is that when you go through the first light
You see the next one and just as you're getting to it started to go as yellow about you know half a block away
When you get through its red when they fail drivers might hit a string or red lights are way longer for turn arrows on the side streets
If the traffic volume jumps suddenly while the signals are out of whack the delays will even longer
That's what drivers and 95 experiences that in morning when a fatal crash crossly seven-mobbino about that
Teresa O'Connor for a lot of day. I'll say the old-time signals are making driving more treacherous
People are trying to beat the red lights. He said
Maxner who commutes from Coral Springs to Boka said adjusting the timing was solve a lot of problems
And would have a long time ago too after you get through the intersection it's clear sailing
He said I know the properties and getting all the red lights re-installed and working
But after that's accomplished
Somebody needs to address this problem relief some of the gridlock were stuck with a
Browards 1326 signals about a thousand normally are synchronized the county is set reset the timing of 600 leaving 400
Still to be fixed they're way into behind man. They got a lot of work. See it to do a lot of work
Gehadeel I'd what?
Director of Browards traffic engineering division is a guy named Gehade. Uh-oh
Said at least one of the satellites that every intersection on seven major streets in Broward was synchronized by Sunday night including Broward
Commercial Boulevard Hollywood Pines Boulevard state road seven Sanford Road Federal Highway University
Draft and a parkage and a paratrooper he said the county is re-timing lights on 11 other major streets to pass within miles of school zones
And it's got a list including sunrise Boulevard Andrews Avocland Park Boulevard power line road
Navi Hill Road rock island road lions road Pine Island road and landing Boulevard high-eatest road and Flamenco road
The timing isn't perfect, but if traffic is too heavy the bottom-line intersecting streets is the same
They need to be adjusted the Gehade Meister set the Gehade Meister no wonder they're all screwed up
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 Gehadeel
It's Mojave de Dewe and this portion of the Neil Rogers 2012 to an hour is brought to you by the ledded 12
What do people buy 570 9,000 11,000
So lices of pizza all for me
I was standing there was a not thinking I was dying
From being able to make you do
I should never eat things all alone
I'll take back all the traffic inside my cowboys
I'm on the car, car, car, car
I'll give you time from the packed at bars
Here land these mojo factors in
Now my heart stops you shrugged that sign out
For my infestant sounds
I'm dying all the way out
I guess I should have known what to expect
Living in Miami
Which the kind of service you can in this town
I would act in need to
Oh, whoa
If I didn't eat that grass I swallowed
Why can't you live me so do you can lie
Why can't you do this get it right
My foul will block inside my hiding
Can't take my turds go out
Welcome
If you're back, if you're back
If you're back, if you're back
If you're back, if you're back
I'm dying all of a sudden
For every one of these famous families
Famous celebrities we were talking about
Chuck Berris before
A daughter committed suicide
She was a bad drug problem
Remember that?
Blame themself
And to this day blames themself for his daughter
Killing herself
Outlink letter
Daughter suicide right?
Right
Carol O'Connor
See what I'm saying?
How about the Bee Gees
Andy Gibb drug
The girl guaranteed that Morris'
Boozino those years didn't help him
When the impacted colon
What happened?
They put you in a month at Mount Sinai
No I don't know
I wouldn't think that guys like that
We have enough intelligence
Don't take your brother to Mount Sinai
Take him any place else
Do not take him to Mount Sinai
At least not that one
Why not?
Oh, I was there
I remember my gallbladder episodes
I did
Last thing I said
By a guy on the phone
I'm dying all of it
I actually thought that was the end man
The job they did on me
I had to break my way out of that place too
731 votes on the poll
We are going to make a thousand
Today or my name is Isht Kibbibel
How do you like that?
731 and we're having a lot of fun
You know what I'm going to do tomorrow
I'm going to take a preliminary poll
I never
I don't usually tip our head on the polls
But I'm a preliminary one
You know
I'll stick it on there real early
And the poll too
Uh
Favorite Bee Gees song
And then of course we'll put the Bee Gees
suck for those people who want to say that
Even a lady that would say that
Has got tasted in their uh
Nostril
You know
Tasted in their earlobe
I see
Kind of crap is it
No, wouldn't you agree with that?
Yes I would
But you know there's part of our crowd
That'll say that
Just because it makes them feel better about themselves
And then just just to prove that I'm all
Whipped up about this after lunch today
Because I'm thinking very seriously about lunch right now
Me too
What do you think about dessert?
I want you to see that movie
I might actually have to go out and get that
Although do that
Pin
Why not?
Well because it's on cable a lot periodically
I'll catch it
Oh it's on cable all the time
But you'll never catch it
I think you like it
It's pretty uh
Bizarre
What is that?
And she's really cute uh the sister
What's her name again?
Whatever her sister name
The biggest fakers ever on TV
Jim and Tammy Faye Baker
Rams with Faker
144
Money maker named Baker
And boy they were fakers
Anybody want to buy one of them condos huh?
Condo for our foot allured
Pat Robertson 135
He's moving right up on their ass
Dr. Phil 132
We got a nice three way race going here
Vinnie him 99
Bill O'Reilly 93
Jimmy Swagger 35
Geralt over here 24
Janet Paul Crotch have got 18
Kevin Chudo 17
He should have 17 million
He should have people not pounding the door down
You Faker you quizzling you
Maniac
You're fair yeah
You con artist
Or speaking of cut artists
Reverend DJ James Kennedy 15
And anti-Semites as well
Tim Russell nine
Ernest Ainsley seven
He can say baby
That's all he can do bad wig
Richard Simmons six
Richie Ron Popeito four
And Peter Popoff Solomon Teuno
Uh I guess it's like me
Nobody else knows who that is
Do you ever hear him?
No
Josh?
No
We never heard no Peter Popoff
Like I said his ministry is honored
Google it
And you see
Frab.com you immediately know that
This guy belongs in it
We just don't know who he is
Maybe we're better off
WQAM hello
I kneel
Yes sir
I kneel I was on
Topola 2
In 1963
Oh my god
But Coyote with the MC
Right
The panel was
Superman
But Coyote was Superman
Yeah
Hello
I'm here
I'm playing a theme song
Which one do I have?
The panel was the one
The panel was the one
Eight boroughs
And eight boroughs
Big fat eight boroughs with a big fat head
Yeah, bring it man though
Bring it man
Anyway
And Phyllis Dumin
And after the second rehearsal
The producer called me over
Before they taped the final show
Yeah
And he said to me
Listen
You can't be funny on this show
But Coyote has to be funny
I said
But I'm not trying to be funny
Anyway
They taped the final episode
And one of the questions that was asked
What are you aware
When you do this
For other ways
The name of the person was Mary and Hathney
She used to jump left on the pier
On the back of a horse
Into a 50-foot
If you remember that
Yes
Anyway
One of the questions was
What are you aware
So the first person Mary and Hathney
Says I wear a crash helmet
And a bathing suit
The third person I was in the middle
Said she wears a crash helmet in the back
And I said
Afternoon or evening
On the first drop
You know
Then the next question
Two questions later
They said number one
How big is your horse
And she said
She didn't answer it fairly
Number three
What is
You know how do you measure a horse
Okay well I guess he had to be there
53670560
Why did I wait so long
I try to be a nice guy
And I just
I just waited a little bit too long
I just wait a little bit too long
I just wait a little bit too long
I never know why you don't know how
You just wait a little bit too long
You just wait a little bit too long
Who better was before Great Reads Time
He could have been a great panelist down there
56670560
Pound 560
Even rise in a singular wireless line
See this kind of stuff
When we reminisce it brings out all the
Living and Breathing Younger callers
WDQAM
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
Neil God
I just think I saw the funniest bumper sticker ever
It was a picture of W
And it said
Like a rock
Only rubber
Rock solid
Excellent I like that
Like a rock
Okay thanks
Well I tell you these are phone
When they go boy
They really go to there
Nothing
They let you know that they're going to go
WDQAM Hello
QAM
Sounds awful
Sounded to me don't
In fact I don't see anything happen there
Oh there it is
QAM
I see that
My phone must be catching on to him
It was the Ron line
WDQAM Hello
Neil
Yes sir
Were you really one of those Peter Popples
Popples?
Yeah
He's some terrible guy in the morning
He's always got this miracle water
And he's always telling me if you drink it
You're going to get lots of money
There's always some crazy black lady on there going
Oh they said he checks
And they come in one after another
One after another
What's that?
He looks like Satan himself
So he's just kidding
Oh God he must look like the president
Yeah he's terrible
He's telling me
Okay he said they're both terrible
567-0560
Peter Popples
He's not in the morning somewhere
Maybe he's on
I don't know where he's on
You can google it
Yeah the senate defeated the Iraq war time table
The 11th Amendment
Because it's all Republicans you know
Or at least most
That's what happens when the democrats
There's all those central elections
When we get like a Mel Martinez in there
You got real tourists maybe
For help on this we'd better go to Peter Popples
And start drinking that water
WDQAM Hello
Neil we're making fun of the pizza shister
He might come in
If you have bought a bank
Yeah
Oh that's it
That was the end of that
WDQAM Hello
Welcome to Buka
WDQAM Hello
Hey there how you doing
Pretty good
Good let me turn you down over here for a second
Please
Thank you
You were talking a lot about Bill Kell in this morning
Right
He was great
He was good
He really was
That was the quintessential TV
Game show host I think
Correct
And you were talking about him having polio
He did serve in World War II
And he did
Get his leg shot up on top of it
Wow
My father was on this show
I guess
One a whole bunch of great rappers
Yeah I'm with you
I guess
I guess
Yes I guess
It's a good show
The colors are great
They really are
Have a great day Pellie
And you
And see
Probably this past noon at 560 WDQAM
We're going to have like 800 more
Whatever we got
750 it already
I am so impressed you kiddie
It takes a lot to impress this old queen
I'll tell you that
But boy I am really impressed
Here's the facts I'm impressed
A lot is being made about me
But about very long
Same crack different year
Saddam Hussein
But a bit bit of up bit of up
Ah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Oh this goes on
Thank you very much
It's called Restanity Obvious
I agree with you wholeheartedly
And you make a very good case
But it's kind of like that guy
That club before it was on to tell the truth
They wanted to like recreate the whole show on here
It would have been okay
After the first little cute scene
But I think he's still talking
I could be wrong
But I think he's still on there
That enclosure of that story
1213 at 560 W.A.M
But even loves Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
I'm not a fan of Neil Rogers
These are family trucks all day
That drop some weight but who's your friend
The doctor has been a stage of no gain
A sedition keeps you busy
The whole scene up now
My head's spinning all round and round
Has a slip for three days now
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
Woo-woo
The ending time poppin' an oxy-z
I've already put a couple of thin fans
It's all a big favor, what do you think?
The end energy, what's the hurt no more
And how about her husband A position?
He's my favorite right
What are all the time greatest doctors
Those were the days man
I was just thinking about that studio of packs
And how much bigger and pusher it was than any other one we ever had
When the grade?
What's for lunch today from Howeys?
There's a tonys that been
Brad brought pizzas
Brad brought pizzas
No pizza thief in there
We got extra pie for him
You got extra pie for him all myster
I'd like to see you go in here and offer me a pizza offering
A pizza offering
If you turn it down like you're sitting there
If you refuse first time he won't ask again
I'm not gonna beg him to take any pizza
It's here for anybody who would like to have it
Anybody would like it? There's a whole bunch of pizza from Tony's right up the street
Brad brought it in special
The chef cooked special
The girls will knock your socks off
773 votes on the pool
We're gonna have 800 by the bottom of this hour
We're gonna go over a thousand a day easy without any stress
No mess, no stress, no undress
Speaking of undress, mom's expertise in in a 30 year
But 30, man!
Remember that's where we had it?
Golden Colorado
They should have given her a star, a gold star, a purple jelly bee
Right
Now what do you... you're making me really hungry
Because I had lunch on my mind already
What are your thoughts on dessert?
Skip it
A woman who had... that wasn't what he says
Maybe that was what he says
You gotta see that movie, I'm telling you, you would like it a lot
It's really very freaky, you write up your alley, Sally
It's very good
A woman who, uh, Thoreau de Stead had sex with high school boys
During alcohol and drug-fueled parties
Oh right!
Has been sentenced to 30 years in prison, and this will say
This is in Golden Colorado, I do like their mustard though
Sylvia Johnson, 41 of our vanta color artists,
Trapped herself to investigators as a cool mom
Who was never popular with classmates in high school
And who was beginning to feel like one of the group
Was kind of a group-grope, but she's 41
What's wrong with that?
Keep leading Gilly and July to Mr. Meener counts as sexual assault
And nine felony counts, and contributing to the delinquency of a minor
She was also sentenced for additional charges of 30 to be assault
Violates of restraining order and harassment of unrelated cases of the living of your husband and children
Prima-secuted and prosecuted spokesman Carl Blesch
Blesch, authority said Johnson held parties for the boys almost weekly
Between October 2003 and the next October
They said Johnson provided drugs and booze to eight boys
And that sex with five of them
Johnson was to be sentenced to September 26
But hearing was postponed after she was injured the day before
While writing in the SUV that heard often in her state
She's got some problems for a silvia right?
She's just having a tough go of it
Look at Ed, what does that say?
A ledge broad and run off election and weir?
Well, that's in Liberia, we don't care about that stuff
We don't care about participation
You care about Liberia?
Not really
Not that Charles Taylor is going, I wonder if he's still driving in Northville down in Charlie Taylor
How about Frank Taylor with the one thumb
And Ted Taylor?
Sam and flavored soda, anyone?
Oh, I hate to do this while you're in the middle of your nice lunch from Brad
Sorry, go for it
Jones soda adds a Pacific Northwest twist to its Thanksgiving flavor and it smells fishy
You know who they had on from New Orleans yesterday?
Now that they're trying to like, talk every way to go there
And it's really going to be great and just avoid the swimming tootsy rolls
I give up
Tall prudon, big fat chef that looks like Tom Deluis
That was the only name that came to mind but I thought no, that'd be too easy
Oh, and it's who was?
Well, I don't know anybody else from New Orleans is that?
How about Amelalaggassy?
That's not right
He's got a couple of restaurants there, Amelalaggassy
He's also got those restaurants in Vegas and they're not really good
What is that?
What's the oil?
It's Wolfgang Schmuck
Every time that restaurant it's in the MGM
I've walked by it
That's kind of why I'm here
It's not bad
The food is pretty good but the portions are just enough for like six people
Why do right restaurants do that?
Well, what's the point?
Are they trying to impress you?
I mean nobody in Vegas is going to take a doggy back up to the room
Or a real pig
Follow him, Sam, like as well
It's just not done
So what's the point of like if you order pasta they give you enough for a family of ten
You like fill up a bathtub with it
That does sound like a good idea
Have somebody like sprinkle a whole bunch of maybe great fresh parmesan all over you
For beverage connoisseurs, tired of turkey and gravy
Or green beans and casserole flavored sodas
There's a new choice being offered this year by Specialty US Soda Manufacturer
Jones Soda Company
Sam and to which I say
I don't like salmon to begin with much less salmon soda
Yeah
Jones Soda the Seattle Company that scored a hit during last two holidays
Seasons with its turkey and gravy flavored sodas
Said it's offering the orange-yued fish flavored drink this year
And not for the Pacific Northwest salmon catch
I mean if it tasted like Timasan and that would be different
Even Josh knows who Timasan is
Yes I do
When you smell it it's got that smoked salmon aroma said Peter Van Stoke Chief Executive of Jones Soda
It's got that, oh fishy smell
Like when you go to like an open-air market you know like an outdoor flea farmer market
And they got all the beautiful produce and cool cuts
And then you get to the part where you get fairly close to where they have the fish
Like in Boston these days they're always really neat outdoor markets, farmers markets
And then you get to where the seafood and the fishes
Oh this smell, this stench
Ah God you just want to pass out or like if you go into a supermarket
They've got some seafood center, you know what I'm saying?
I do
Oh takes forever to get that taste and smell out of your sources
You know I don't know Henry
The artificially-favored salmon soda will be offered as part of a $13 regional holiday pack
That also includes other unusual sodas such as turkey and gravy, corn on the cob, broccoli casserole, and pecan pie
Now that sounds up my alley
Ooh do I like pecan pie with some whipped cream on it
And maybe even like a little dollop of ice cream
Banana nut
Ooh doesn't that sound good?
Pecan pie with a big two scoops of banana nut on there
And like a whole bunch of whipped cream in a cherry on top
That does sound good actually
Ooh man and like put it in the microwave for about 8 seconds
And let the ice cream melt this a little bit on the pecan pie like a kind of warm and bucey
Ooh man
While those bottles are offered will be offered locally
Jones soda is also selling it similarly price holiday pack of turkey and gravy
While herb stuffing, rustle sprouts, cranberry, and punky pie sodas across the country
Oh wouldn't that be great to have punky pie soda?
Uh no
Thanksgiving typically features the dinner material
Oh this is what is it?
CNN money like we don't know this
Tradition-
I guess written for children
Oh God, bands still could build a Seattle based soda company by some traditional sodas
As well as exotic flavors such as green apple, bubble gum, and crushed melon
Says the most important thing about Jones soda as we can laugh at ourselves
Asked whether we liked his new salmon soda he said, I can't finish a bottle, I just can't do it
Maybe you can, maybe you're a better man than he is
I'll give it a thought
I'll give it a thought
Just swirl some of that crap down my chugget
Chugget and then just puke up all that nice lunch you're having from Tony's
All over
If I go into Greg's room and I just puke all over his desk all over him
Wouldn't that be great?
Say Greg, I wish think it
Yeah
You know what I'm saying?
That'd be fun
That'd be funny
26 past noon and 560 WQM
We got the pizza of myster with two
Mojawa David of the old pizza thief
Two to four, mad dog four to seven
I guess by the time mad dog gets in all the food is always gone everyday
Big bucks he's pulling down he can afford his own food
Pantheon people with seven
Panthers have to month y'all Canadians to play the frogs
The Pepsi's
730 tonight with Geltie and the silly red deer Randy
And then you got the hurricane warm up
I don't know, do I have to really go through that
The hurricane stuff is at 830 the games at 9 on the 1360 KT
And had camp ones after the Panther game on QAM
Just all these different ball games and all these different frequencies
And 640 over here and 1360 over there
And used to be 790
Remember what 790 was like our farm team
And we used to farm out all the games that we didn't want on our QAM
Yeah
Because Greg's sound like overlapping contracts
He wouldn't do that with he
Still think your Blackberry has you totally connected
Yeah
Think again
Because now the future of wireless technology is totally connected to you
Introducing the Dingo Berry
Fork get those clunky bell clips
The Dingo Berry hangs snugly from the most secure portion of your internet
Take a look at mine
Oh, whoa
Email the internet and cell phone service in a device just one can't the size of ordinary PDAs
In fact, you'll never even know your Dingo Berry is there
Sounds expensive
Who wipe out my savings?
No, if there was any wiping you wouldn't even have a Dingo Berry
Cool, I'm gonna pick out a Dingo Berry right now
Sit on the future with the Dingo Berry
It's everything it's cracked up to be
Reckon, property why you're most happy that I have crazy
Enjoy the boys and berry but it couldn't find the Dingo Berry
And he said no mole, no mole for me
He'll probably just come and steal two or three boxes of pizza
Sluggest passport lines in my international pit at Homeland Security against the Miami-Dade Aviation
Diplomatic are really serious problems here at my MIA
Chronic delays that periodically dog international travelers at Miami International are the product of two few passport control officers
Or outmoded facilities depending on whom you ask
The federal government insists on all these kids are huffing acts body spray now
You know that story it's all that
They're huffing and puffing and dying over there
Quit huffing kids, quit drop the faggot and quit huffing
The federal government insists that the problem stems from inadequate airport facilities
And uneven distribution of gate assignments for arriving flights
Airport and airline managers blamed delays on the shortage of passport control officers
The dispute is exposed to a long festering problem at MIA
The nation's busiest airport in terms of foreign travelers
And for several weeks this past summer through the Miami-Dade County Aviation Department
And U.S. Customs and Border Protection into a round of mutual finger pointing
By September, however, a Reckon Southeast in sorts began to emerge
And by last week County and federal officials were talking seriously about solutions
You know this is what cracks me up to
I have any theories in the Senate now
And they're talking about, well let's devise an exit strategy now
Let's have a plan
But when you think people who went in there, this is one of the things that they should have done in the first place
Why do you hate America?
As opposed to all like lining up including the Democrats
Oh yeah, whatever you want, let's get all those evil doors, okay?
What a crocker crap man
This is the leadership you got in America
And one of the public just forget the elections, okay?
Just let's disband the government, look at all the money we'll save
What the hell are they doing for us anyway?
Safety, safety, safety
Yeah, old bitch, I'd like to find her, I'll tell you that right now
I'd like to find that old bag
800-9 votes, I told you we'd have over 800 buy it and buy the Oblomarriar we did
Aren't you impressed? This is exciting
Well no, actually it's like, you know, everything is coming back in a shape after that whole will-mumash
You know, we're doing like, yeah
What is this?
I don't want that
No, we know that
The one I wanted was this
Another Czech bear I showed
And that was where embarrassed by it, but I put it in the name of it
Now the dating game, that was Jim Lang, right?
Jim Lang, I'll take your word for it
He was good, Jim Lang, glasses, you remember Jim Lang?
You never saw the dating game? Sure, but I don't remember him
Come on now
I'm not a host
Ah!
Ah!
Not a way it was that one of the worst shows in the history of TV, but the host, that's that Bob U-Banks again
With a stiff neck, the starts collar, he doesn't have a starts collar, he doesn't have a starts neck
Did you ever watch the way he carries his head up?
Like on a plate, sort of
You know what I'm talking about?
Like it's in the top of his side
It's kind of like that picture Lee Harvey Oswald holding that man with her car counter, you know?
And his head is like facing in one direction in the rest of the body is in an impossible angle
It's kind of like that
A Republican senator wants a law to require bright pink license plates
You're fairy
On vehicles driven by people with restricted driving privileges do the convictions for DUI
Oh God
Senator Mike Fassano of Port Nou Richie filed a bill earlier this month that requires the first three characters on the plate to read
DUI
What is again? DU
Maybe they'll embarrass people and keep them from drinking and driving Fassano said maybe they'll think twice
The bill also says police may stop any vehicle that bears the DUI plate without probable cause to check the driver
How do you like that?
It's like we're in like some kind of a tattoo on your head
Scarlet letter
Ohio and Michigan have similar laws and place other states have debated the issue but fail to pass and do the privacy reasons
Of course in Florida there ain't no such thing
Pink Tates would hold out individuals for punishment as well as ridicule
We're very opposed to what's at Larry's spawning legislative council for the ACLU in Florida about 840,000 Florida's 15 million license drivers
Have an active DUI sanction on the driving records said Frank Panella
If Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles spokesman a small percentage of those have limited driving privileges
Especially permission to drive only to work in front work
It could take two years to get to support but I think it's worth the effort because I'll say if I can't get a house sponsor
Maybe I can get a pass in the center and attention to a larger transportation bill pink license plates
I'm saying you want to be a big improvement over those ones that say choose life
Oh yeah, which has absolutely no business being on a state license plate absolutely none zero zippity DUDA
But you can thank your board again here for any role a holy roler fat ass governor for that choose life my ass
Yeah, how about my drill business though?
Yeah, yeah, how about how about you go and worship your fairytales and I'll do mine and leave me to hell alone
That's the problem with these fundamentalist these phony book belonging hypocrites were the dysfunctional drunken coax nerding families
And lying families murdering families they just can't stop telling everybody else how to live their lives
Screw you, Jeb and your whole family they got some ish pocha including your smuggling wife
God well what a disgrace that probably had a few days ago about the you know the word the worth bush offense
I mean now you could have a what a laundry list that was long as your arm you read a book
Good golly mishmolly starting with press God bush the banker to the Nazis what a classy family huh unbelievable
813 votes in that pool. Let's see how it's going haven't leaned on the pool enough because we've had a heavy duty pressure day
I thought it was going to be no pressure heavy duty biggest leak the biggest link you ever took
The biggest fakers on TV is Jim and Tammy Fe Baker 164 tat Roberts in 149 dr. Phil 143 a fantastic three way of horse race
Bill O'Reilly 107 206 and then it's way down Jimmy swagger 39 her all the river 28 her all those moving up there ever since he opened up a grand stume
And found out component cited Janet Paul crash 19 Kevin Trudeau 18 he ought to have 18 billion there is a man
I see him on TV I want to like spit blood at the set I wouldn't take like a rock and he but through the screen
The Reverend D. James Kennedy 17 Tim Rosard 12 airs on earnest ainsley seven Richard Simmons has got six
Richie Simmons Ron Popeo 4 and Peter pop off still only one on 820 votes he's only got one and that's because we never heard him before
So I guess we got a good warning though. It's probably a pubic service that the facts you did
Give this to put him on a poll because now if you see Peter pop off of bus your TV set later on fired at put a bunch of kerosene on your
Set and light it on a match to it 5 6 7 0 5 60 the calls have been sober that guy was right we ought to take like at least
3 400 between now and two between now and mode time come any Q a.m. Hello
Hello. Yeah. Hi listen. That corner called in the floor we talking about the match
Yeah, but one of the game shows yeah, that was Charlie Babbit and that Tom Cruise Carrick different yeah. Uh-huh. I
He's a very good driver though. 5 6 7 that's it. That's what the guy said earlier we didn't understand he said Charlie Babbit
Well, it's real a fortune. Actually he was watching the George Wapner's what he was watching but nevertheless you know just make it up as you go along.
Charlie Babbit. He called back because he wasn't Charlie Babbit again and he's not related to Billy the
Vibit as he from who was next nobody belongs there. Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Oh,
Leo. Yes sir. Yeah, Bush owns me four years of my life. He's the whole four years of my life.
F got there. That's got that. I graduated. Nobody cares about that. The SATs I got to worry about. There you go.
Four years of my life. You want to come up with your own FM. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, FM. Listen, FM.
That's that. And that can't have him the fat ass governor piece of turd but he's very popular though. No, you know,
just like he sold out on that offshore drilling that he lives with teeth about all of a sudden he changes my well.
Maybe it's not such a bad idea after all this man. You know any. Yeah. See this is why it's just so difficult for me to
fathom even though I've been there for like 30 years. I know there's a lot of really stupid people but how is it you can have an
election like on the thing with a slots in Broward and the people say, okay, well we want it. We agree to it.
We read what it said on there. We know exactly what we're voting on and then they just just keep dragging their feet and
drag and our feet now here. It's going to be in December. They're going to have a special session and maybe they'll do this and
but I beat them and the public just his back and they take it. We need somebody to go out. We need to walk her
darlin' or like a real guy real consumer advocate. Remember water darlin's before your time. Right. He used to be in my show a few
time when I had to go as boring guest and boy he was boring. He was a consumer advocate but at least he would like fight
F.P. N.L. He would like to go to bad something like this. We need somebody. Somebody like we need some assistance here is what we need.
Like Lee Harvey Oswald said. Remember that? He was I need somebody to come forward some assistance. I didn't do nothing.
20 till one at then he didn't do not need to but of course you'll ever know the truth on that. Well I'll be
dead and buried by the time. Oh guess what? He didn't do it. When disaster strikes and of course we're talking about hurricane will my
major disaster and your home of business suffers water damage. There's one place you ought to be calling and that's dry concepts.
The American workers trust me when I tell you because I've used them in my home for over 20 years now to clean my carpets, my furniture, all of these things.
Dry concepts can remove access water and dry your home of business fast using the very latest innovations in dry technology.
Dry concept drying system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replacement of your treasure belongings.
Unhealthy mold and milled you conditions are related by the properties of their specialized drying process. If the damage is really extensive you really got a wall of
ply Wilma. Dry concept license contractors can provide needed estimates and professional services. So if water damage really hits your
heart panic no more call the pros. They'll make everything look like brand new and they'll give you written guarantee price up front before they start
to work to the best in the universe. Dry concepts column full free from Dave Howard in the Palm reaches 1 800 248 5071.
Run the wicked web with dry concepts dot com. This is me.
Rogers. This is 516 2.
W or comfort.
It is for their right.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm dying on the air.
I saw like two minutes of it. I saw Miguel was in there not our Miguel but the Miguel from passions. What's his name again? What's his name?
I have no interest. If you've seen two minutes that's two minutes more than I have. Maybe 30 seconds.
A network TV show about sex or anything like that. It's just soap opera. It's nighttime soap opera which is fine. I didn't watch not signing all those years but that's long gone.
I don't know. I just have no interest. Don't have room in my life for any more of that crap.
Cheeseburger bill high on the GOP menu in Washington. Fears that overweight Americans will develop an appetite for litigation drove the house to pass a bill that would bar lawsuits by restaurant customers.
Claiming burgers and fries made them fat. I don't see. Why can't I sue?
Hogniz for making a banana me a banana nut. Yeah for making it so yummy that you can't resist. That's right.
Because you know damn well they're putting like all kinds of additives in that crap to make it really addictive.
And don't tell me that those chemicals aren't like you're addicted to them because you are. They're adding sugar.
Trial or as I've said they target restaurants the way they've targeted the tobacco industry. National restaurant association president Stephen Anderson said.
No such flood litigation is yet to develop. Lawyers who follow the issue know of only one restaurant obesity suit a 2003 claim by Tony or Teenage against McDonald's.
But there are deeper reasons behind the campaign for this who called shebird or bill legal industry observers including rising liability insurance rates.
Consider Washington about lawsuits and general also is driving the bill which clear the house days before Congress also ran a gun makers immunity for any injury lawsuits.
Both are part of a larger effort by Republicans to shield certain industries from litigation.
The president for example submitted a bill to Congress last week that would predict producers and distributors of emergency vaccines from injury suits except in cases of willful misconduct.
There is a growing feeling that if this trend continues every major industry would be immune from lawsuits said Jonathan Turley or we see his ugly push on the TV all the time.
George Washington University law professor you see him right if you say so.
Well you would know Jonathan Turley from Bob Turley.
No. A dozen other industries such as those who make airplanes and weight reduction products could make the same arguments raised by gun makers and fast food restaurants you said.
The personal responsibility and food consumption act approved last month would borrow lawsuits seeking to blame individual food and beverage producers for persons weight gain obesity or related health problems.
The Senate is considering the companion bill and President Bush already promised to sign it of course.
A thing to do to protect his buddies and big business.
21 states had passed similar bands Sacramento Law Ray lawmakers rejected one such bill to the spring but they proposed federal bands sponsored by representative Rick Keller of Florida would apply in California other states when without bands and food.
The bill is a complete waste of time said Linda Lipson is spokesman for the association in travelers of America of all the problems there are this is really ludicrous she said.
But industry officials point to a handful of suits over artery clogging transplants and nutritionally things assigned to obesity suits are at risk for restaurants.
I am tired of the whole deal you know the same with the tobacco companies that's the only problem I agree with this thing about the restaurants and food men.
No nobody's making the choices for you okay those the ingredients are right there under the right reading weep okay if the product is legal and just like that the skull and crossbones it's on at pack a cigarette them
Faggots out there and the big warning in huge letters that even a blind man can read this is gonna kill you smoking his craft is gonna kill you right cigarette smoking kills and it's better that they're still popping and huffing and puffing.
Oh but the nicotine is addictive and like the sugar isn't a dick in the stuff that I'm eating all the time that they're ice cream which they should really rotten hell and you sugar people by the way oh yeah better not get too excited about them they get really hard on the sugar.
Yeah the sugar crowd they start playing an archie song coming right up 800 and you never got the night time brother no one is going to get the beans baby now some people I'm not gonna play a whole lot of music tomorrow the audience gets very upset you know it's nothing to play.
Yeah see how they often relate to that they like Bob Barker or at least they like Barker's duties or maybe both I know he likes them a little bit too much and nothing wrong would be in the 90 year old guy would white here that's you know chasing
about all the Barker beauties on it right not at all if you can get away with it exactly what's wrong with a little sexual harassment that's what Clarence token Thomas said some like that and he said that I said hop on a little sugar.
I think he said it's your little arasmen arasmen arasmen a lot to me.
Yeah see it's wrong with that. There you go Archie's and the sugar sugar I mean they're smashed there was no Archie's there is no what's that.
Just like Ned baby said there is no action there is no there is no work of the etc that's what we said he said there whatever he said 861 votes on the pool I'm just tall to see we're gonna get to a we're gonna get there easy today.
This is a Mahaya man this is a pleasure no push and no yelling no squeezing no right no doubt I'm sorry not too big on them although I do like them better than death in these
Thai or pink I got maybe instead of having to do why people I think lies in place how about having a forced member listen to that music all day around the clock.
It's like it's like Celine Dion music in hell yeah I can't help myself I have to I can't help it Peter Jennings what a life.
Oh I mean tremendous call for Silla Georgia. Hello. Hi there. Hi first of all I want to thank you for channeling Mr.
Johnny's from beyond the great force. Okay Peter how are things in hell. Well it's hard I never thought it was going to be anything but hard.
So I guess now you're really a smoker huh. Oh yeah I think it goes with the territories with the Turgent. Oh Cala Florida for Peter Jennings. Hello.
Hey Peter do you know any dead celebrity joke. No man if I did I wouldn't say so.
Well when the city tenses hello. Yeah Peter are the rumors true is hell really a couple degree cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie.
I think the answer is yes but you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today.
Summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi gentlemen. Hi. Mr. Jennings is there Celine Dion music in hell.
Yes and it just happens it goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after.
Oh my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh many do indeed. One more call we have a minute left. Downers grow the linoid. Hello.
Mr. Jennings what would you like for Christmas. Saddam Hussein also so down to your wish list. Yes as as his George Bush George Bush is also the Peter Jennings.
Yeah thank you as always. Thanks very much. Have no fear. He'll be he'll be there one of these days. The Bush moisture he'll be just like a
Thompson said that come I read yesterday we should only rotten hell I thought that was you know.
Yes. Yeah some of my sentiments exactly and now that the poll today I think that's the first time we ever saw the hate percentage.
It's not as he do in a bad job or a good job but you hate him like poison and a whole bunch of you. Yeah a lot of us are saying yeah.
Now the yes. Okay let's take a few more calls because these calls are the bread and butter.
They're the gravy and potatoes of our lives aren't they not. Oh yeah. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five
six in the Verizon and singular wireless line your favorite BG song is that what we're doing sure.
70 Q. I. M. Hello. Q. I. M.
Got the point. I'm not. Keep twisting it. Give it a little. Yeah. Okay that's it.
W. I. M. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You touch the subject on the board of legislature and I don't know if you heard recently but the
paramutials were having poker tournaments and for some they took them to court.
Dania Highlight and called her took them to court. We won and it was appealed and they won again so the legislature picked up their books and took the rule of the law off the books that they now can hold
tournaments. Could you believe this? That up to that they've in the last year and a half I think they gave like four million dollars to the state coffers. Right. And just be still in poker tournament.
So it's obviously a benefit of people are enjoying playing it but yet because the problem people are having a good time you don't
understand that that's against the whole Florida philosophy man people are not supposed to have a good time. It's it's unbelievable man we're in a back gate.
We're in the dark. You got it man. I'll pray for you. Okay. By the way Canada would like to apologize I want to be the spokesman here. Canada would like to apologize to the whole world for
saline beyond we do not forgive and Anne Marie. Now Anne Marie is okay for a guy. Man Marie. Nice. Hey she's married and got a whole pack load of kids man.
Got a whole bunch just like Neil Sedacca. They're not married to each other but that would be an interesting fit. That'd be something. He having a good time. He kind of reminds me of Jeff Garcia a little bit of only not quite so but you know
he don't play sports. I like Neil Sedacca though a lot. No problem with me. Now what's wrong with Neil Sedacca? Although I bet you Josh don't even really know much from Neil Sedacca. You know that song? I know what it's throwing up is hard to do. I know what I'm saying.
It's throwing up is hard to do unless you steal a whole bunch of somebody else's pizza and shovel it along in your crispy face. What a talk up by long distance.
Here's a trivia about that. Yes. The only song that's the only song released twice by the same person in different incarnate number one is a hit each time. Yes. It was number one both times. Right. And he also wrote gloves will keep us together to the captain and she'll meal.
No, no, it was the same song the first time. I'm trying to find it. I only have the one virgin here. I see. You don't have a level of gloves will keep us together with a captain and she'll meal. Yeah, but that's under their entry.
Oh, that was a bad. What is this? Something in a rain? Laughter in a rain? That's it. Oh, there you go. You requested it. Here we go. Captain, show me, oh baby. It's a hit. It's a big big fat booby head. Is there Robert Duval with saying that what he said? That was a great scene. That was sensational. It's a big big fat. He's holding his hands like where his boobies would be. You know, Robert Duval man.
He is so great. And I realized it's not that he's not recognized as a great actor, but I just don't think he gets the accolade to be the zero. What do you say? I mean, why do we have to always honor people after they croak?
Why can't we like that? Just throw a big thing. Say, we love you. And we want to like sniff your armpits and just great and the godfather and network and great.
I don't want to figure out how to edit DVDs. As you know, I know how to copy them now. But once I try to edit them, I'll just cut that one scene from Apocalypse Now for you. So you can appreciate that.
Okay. There's a lot of chance in my watch in Apocalypse Now is this in my watch in the city of God? Oh, well, you know, forget city of God. Watch monsters. How about city of God? This is meal.
This is 560 Q.A.S.
We got it. It's got the real. And when I'm up in Belkettiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pool, I listen to the meal Rogers.
One to two. I mean, I listen to the meal Rogers. I earn balance with a two hour.
Hey ladies, always green to being a professional football cheerleaders. One hour you can be trained by the best at the Carolina Panthers cheerleaders.
If you're 18 or older, have a background in cheerleaders, have been wronged by a man at least once and like soft, sweet and beautiful girls, then this campus for you this three day two night camp is limited to only 30 attendees who will spend their days in special seminars and their lives in 15 single beds.
You'll learn how to do the splits in a bathroom stall, how to cartwheel all the way to the police car, and how to smile at the mugshot camera.
The Carolina Panthers cheerleaders clinic. You'll learn cheer like these.
You might be a team.
Well, maybe.
The Carolina Panthers cheerleaders clinic, sponsored by Stanley Stemer, your color-crating specialist, reserved your space at the clinic now.
Call 1-0000 girl on girl. That's 1-0000 girl on girl.
It's 1-02-560-WDQM-888. We've got 888 vote and 8888 looks pretty great to me. I mean, we're going to get to 1000 without even like Lee and Nanya.
We don't have to be a pin in the ass. Come on, let's call you on stuff like that. I know that people are really pissed off about what?
That's what we just did, me and Josh. 8888. And that's what I heard. All that piece.
I hope you left a couple of boxes of pizza for the pizza thief. There's two slices left. We'll make that food.
I thought you said there was tons of it. Well, there were and we got busy. I see.
Sounds to me like you're eating next to just to make sure that somebody got left out. That a bad idea.
Yeah. Well, you I'm telling you guys are brutal. I just I don't want to be associated with you guys in Hank and all these people piling on.
Old man, defenseless old molemyster. He's gone. He's had his moments. I mean, we haven't been involved in him, but he's had his moments.
8888. That's pretty exciting. Well, be here at 2. He can handle himself. Okay, believe me.
Maddog 4 to 7. Panther preview at 7. Geldi and Red Deer Randy, baby. Squeaky Geldi and all he's doing a fine job. Nice going, Geldi.
He's in Montreal. In fact, I bet you if I look at the window, I can't. Hey, how you doing, old Geldi? You squeaky monster?
I just look kind of far away. Not really that far. It's about a 45 minute flight. You'll just love it there. Not.
I was going to tell you where to go.
Oh, you already have a place to go. Panthers at the Montreal Canadian Center at the Bell Center, which used to be the Moulson Center,
which used to be the forum in Montreal, which is another building. The Montreal Canadian Damwood team this year,
they're kicking some serious ass. Although I see coval of his heaven surgery. He ain't playing. Damn it.
But the Panthers are playing it. Panthers will lose every day. And of course, if they have the lead in the last second and a half, they're going to blow it anyway.
But anyway, anyway, 730, that's on the QA. I mean, I'm 1360 AM on WKAT. Catch the cat.
Hurricane Warmop at 830 and on the clock, the Hurricanes and Wisconsin Green Bay basketball from the BCA Classic.
That's on KAT for those who care. And then he cares after the hockey game on QA and for those who care.
How many care about the Panthers now? That's right. Jump off the bandwagon just because they're really disappointed to me.
I thought they're going to be really good this year. They got a really nice baller at the place.
Joe Newman, I always injured now and Gary Roberts is a shell of his. I guess the least were smart to unload those old cuts.
And maybe they can return in sunrise. And they're just, I don't know. They just don't score no goals to Panthers.
Even that game Friday that I touted with Carolina, that should have been a great game. Every time Carolina and the Panthers play a Tacoma game,
it was one nothing with the Panthers on the nothing end. And it's really sad. That anyway, Jack Martin, maybe you don't got those players from other one.
Jack Lala, let's see what kind of coach you really are. All those choke jobs in the playoffs. Let's see what kind of coach you really are, Froggy.
892 votes. Any minute now we're going to be the 900 minutes. The race to 1000. Race you to 1000.
We haven't done line nine even once today. Have we?
70 QAM playing it really bold. Hello.
30. Well, it's a bit spicy. Give me a shot. Okay, good. Dominic QAM. Hello.
Oh, no, I was pretty good. All right. I wash her soap. Body wash, man. Thank you. Real man.
No, I have a lot of players. What is them? I'll do a little puppy puppy around things. No, that's good. That's the scrap.
Yeah. So are you? I use the world. Well, things in my memory.
All right.
He's a little fluffy one. Yeah. I don't want to guess where he's sticking. I have some ideas. Wow.
Well, he's not Miguel. He's not like one of these. Oh, gee. My master washed my mask. The only kind of a person would say that is going to real hang up.
And the only person would say there would be some Hispanic for the most part. I'm not saying that there aren't isolated pockets here.
And there are people who are really uptight about their masculinity. But you know what it is? You grew up in it.
Did I? Well, maybe you didn't, but you certainly know what I'm talking about. I've seen it the whole machismo thing.
Right. That's right. I'm a macho man like macho. Come on. Like Tommy Cruz. There you go. He's about as much as most of your buddies there.
Especially that little group that calls us all the time. WQ. I am hello.
Hi, just a radio show. Neil Roger show. This is at Pally award winning in the spectacular. Yes. How you doing? I was calling this about the planet, the
muskrat muskrat love song. You see now one from Captain to Neil. You guys are playing that earlier.
Muskrat love song. What about her? It is. There you go. That's the camp for you. Why don't we got a man? We're on top of it. That's our new four men.
I think I of Neil. You nailed Captain. Yeah. No thanks. What happened to them? They were like one of them.
They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one
young and old and old,steady age. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of them. They were like one of those,chae wannabe tenders. They were like one of them. They were like one of the ladies just like those dogs, like you mental ones. They were like one of them who were like three each each. They were like us. They were like one of them. They were like one of the ladies just like none of them. The question marksman Justin GG, we want to put those things out on irgendwie, but the question marksman Jason Tencamon did this message because of what the hate is, who the hate is, who the hate is, who the hate is, who the hate is, who the hate is, who the hate is. He was, who the hate is get. He was like one of the ladies just like that, but the above all are like one of the women who hate. I
Must grab a lot of I'm not sure actually I could play a stop dancing you've never done it like that
Oh, you need a woman tonight and do that to me what you just played was number one do that to me one more one time
They were around for four years and then by by and I was a
If I what does it say here? Let's do a little
The captain
Daryl Dragon right born L.A. His wife Tony Taneel born among coming Alabama
Dragon's a set of noted conductor Carmen Dragon
Key or you kind of dragon keyboard us with the beach boys nicknamed the captain by Mike love
Duo had own TV show and ABC from 76 so he was the keyboard us with the beach boys and the captain by Mike love
Who's now suing poor Brian Wilson because Brian just want to use a few of those old songs?
Come on Mike. Where's the love baby?
Where is the love that's what I want you know where is the love?
What's the where is the pizza?
Where is the love? Mike
No
Come on
Hello
I'm here's six miles tonightを
assuming don't take anything for granted okay don't let's like lay down on a
job and I probably want everybody out there voting two three four hundred times
okay just to make sure we get to that thousand an hour no I'm I'm serious
because if you take it for granted then all of a sudden you look on there it's
like nine it's like one forty and you got like nine hundred and sixty votes and
you're saying what'll happen there you know we need to keep up the same
frenetic frantic pace keep up the old pace baby nine oh six and Peter a pop
off is still got the same one what the law just do there or you know I just
did what I was so excited about that Brian Wilson to know just not be a
potter I just knocked a pot over maybe if you quick you can grab it this is
new brothers this is five sixty two eight I like it I like you or a loved one is a
retired network news anchor you owe it to yourself to visit the anchor's away
rest home the retirement community especially designed for elderly talking
heads and then that the typical football and a nurse uncle twenty four seven
Joe part of our work here it anchors away the professional staff at the
anchors away rest home is always there for our clients this is Tom Broca in my
room I've fallen and I can't get up thank you and when I fall again in the
morning I'll see you tomorrow if you plan to retire from the TV news business
stop by the anchors away rest home and we'll answer all your questions I'm
dead couple is it possible to get to a joining rooms one for me and one for my
hair the anchors away rest home because in the words of Walter
Francai your old and thus away it is absolutely yeah we agree we're old and we got
big numbers how do you like that Joe Feinberg don't like it because they're
younger and hip are over there they're younger and hip are with the big oh they
have no audience though 921 vote on a poll we need 79 more I'm not I'm not
assuming anything now the way this thing is kind of flowed down yeah during the
break there right toward the ass end of the break there's a knock on my
door it's the mage he's got like his little waste basket a little purple a
little blue waste basket where am I supposed to stick that back to him so I got
to like I'll be there one second I got to throw my clothes on I'm sitting here
my underwears doing the show you know that'll learn you well I don't get lost
honey I told her ma's clean and they get out of here and she seemed like kind of
embarrassed like maybe I was like oh I had somebody in here like an orgy in here
I wish 921 votes the biggest baker on TV ever Jim and Tammy Fe Baker 187 they've
had the lead from the get go as they say yeah why do they say that why do they
have Robertson 175 pass right on their trail man he'll catch him if anybody can do
it he demand Dr. Phil 152 and Villa Riley 120 is moving in there a little bit
of contention there Benny in 114 Jimmy swagger 43 her all the rever you know Benny
in my speak really maybe it's that curry factory must smell really bad because
everybody gets near my not show they all pass out on the floor yeah they're
just rude yeah they soon in pass out I've been there oh God there was a man sitting
next to me on what day was it on Saturday morning and would buy and play in the
slots he looked just like Jack Waltz from the Godfather he looked like almost like
an identical twin okay okay and I thought that's that's kind of looked at him
like that's interesting I don't get how many day go get a what grease ball
gum bars come out of the woodwork he had a suit a sports jacket on it must have
been from before Hitler was a baby I mean this thing was a hundred years old
musty and he lifted his arm like reach back and get his wallet you know to put
more money thank God he didn't win anything and he was not there too long that
thing he must have been sleeping in it for a hundred years I would just oh well
I know I keep harping about that but I guess it's never encountered somebody
smelly people in my life man I don't care body wash soap something anything
phases baking soda or speaking of people who stink from the worms there's
down rumsfeld aka Hermann Gearing we're off his 926 vote on the pool it's a
little a week now Jim and Tammy say why what did I read to Jimmy swagger 43
Geraldo 34 Kevin Trudeau 24 we start to make a march now that they figure
out what a faker he is who he is Janet Paul crushed 22 wherever in D James
Kennedy 17 selling hate all over the world Tim Russell 12 Ernest Ainsley 8
Richard Simmons 8 and 8 and 8 Ron Pope E. O 5 and now Peter pop off got a pair
let's hear it for Peter finally somebody else who knows who that the water
selling a faker is don't you want something that greedy lickser he lickser
W. Q. I. M. Hello hello Neil yes sir I'll tell you what you how can you leave
off all the problem yeah she's a snake girl sells bitch yeah he is and guess
what the zest is great I converted to the zest from the apricot scrub right I
got them both the zest I got bad I got bad I didn't even night yeah there you go
never good one thanks go see there's a zest body wash guy now what's that
Oprah thing Oprah you know the one I mean where she's gonna like I never played
enough what one the last I'll ever talk on the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll
be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she
shocks you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today everyone in
the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver
everybody get a
tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new you
the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper
monkey the next day all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
and
a great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and
next season everybody in the studio audience get said men
okay okay get her on her that line bitch Oprah she came to South Florida she
was going to stop all the crime problems she did that show on TV one day and
she was gonna do this and then she high-tailed her all the problems she
solved all the problems then she a hall to ask and move on and start giving away
all that crap on TV all the women it's just pathetic she's got this army of
ignorant women who just follow where they take a follow-over the edge of a cliff
with those stupid pastel backgrounds man that's sure absolutely nothing happens
our fighter roof shoddy owners alleged homeowners in Weston and Davey if I lost
his lawsuits against builders claiming hurricane will my supposed shoddy
construction work lawyer David donor couldn't help to notice how the tiles on his
western neighbors who shifted under their feet while they installed shutters
in preparation for a cane will may he said some of the tiles later peeled off
during the storm donor said banged against his house and I didn't as yard last
week don't find a lawsuit on behalf of his neighbor against the home's builder
our vital alleging and violated the building code by failing to properly
install the tiles he and vocal or our Timothy Venata also filed a similar lawsuit
involving roofing work and a Davey house they're among the first post
hurricane will my lawsuits that alleged the storm exposed shoddy
construction work in south Florida and you can change the violin that word to
an eye and I think it would still be very accurate
that was an easy wow that's almost as good as rock bottom
rock bottom there's going to be an awful lot of construction defect litigation
predicted the time shahedie of adorno and yosses of the law for the recently
created a disaster recovery practice the handle's term related litigation
this is only the beginning shahedie predicted that the litigation involving
residential properties will include shutters and impact resistant windows that
fail to withstand one was wins such lawsuits are nothing new to our vital
which paid out millions to settle claims made by homeowners whose houses were
slammed by Andrew 92 the storm sparked tough rebuilding standards for South
Florida a spokesman for Jacksonville's St. Joe company which is owned our
fight since 97 couldn't be reached for comment he's mom our vital created the
city of western was has more than 15,000 homes on a recent afternoon donor
of my knees for a no block in donor pointed to other homes in the subdivision
owners the ridges that also lost house is conclusion the towels weren't secured
correctly with mortar adhesive nails or screws if I can still say that
donors planning to amend the suit filed in broad circuit court to add other
homeowners and seek to have a certified as a client action so there you go
half on half a board if you want 940 we got 37 minutes we need 60 votes that
should be two-ton order but don't take it for granted why sure I've me said
all the wrong things before deny what it's a little bit like though let's just
ease off we don't have no pressure and then all of a sudden they don't want to
have fun here man hop on it now baby hop on that poll and don't slide off
Michigan school drops folks on boy hate when this happens Berkeley Michigan
oh Berkeley how's old Berkeley doing you see that fish I mean the Berkeley
was her birthday just couple weeks ago about ten days ago I haven't either
lately same as mine I guess she born on the same day well what bag of
jaga I got her and Cheryl a ween riffkin Cheryl weenia on the same day you
haven't seen the Berkeley huh that lately she's the title is that one of
counties still got silver she's worried and she's also one of the wise guys
now a song about people picking cotton was pulled from middle school
concerts suburban Detroit after black parent complained that it glorifies
slavery I guess they haven't seen the song of the South either I guess not
that's what that's all the shells to super intended to Reese's Zums tag
decided yesterday remove the song pick a bail of cotton from the program
when said Gwen a her in a spokesman for the Berkeley school district a her and
said that when the song was picked for Wednesday's folks songs cost her
an essential school there wasn't any attempt to offend anyone as it became a
parent that that is the case we told the songs she said they pulled it the
school is predominantly white the songs lyrics include jump down turn around
pick a bail account got a down turn around all already pick a bail day
let's do it together parent Greg Montgomery said he complained to school
officials when he was dissatisfied with the response decided to pull it 11
year old daughter China from singing his daughter's name is China it's mind
boggling that people don't understand sensitive issues he told the
neat for a news China said they were bringing back the memories of our African
Americans pick cotton and it wasn't a good memory with this respectful
to African Americans what a cotton picking a bunch of crap a her and said there's
nothing to rocket to read the songs lyrics but the district didn't want China
to miss the concert for her family in the school district the best thing was to
pull the song she said just pull it earlier a her while confirming that
officials were considering pulling song had defended the choice we used to
sing that song when I was in school during the 50s she said it's like a
seven type of folks on I remember just being perky was more of a song that
people just saying for fun jump down turn around pick a bail account what's the
video that what's the big thing is on what's the big thing is I think they probably
were talking to Jesse Jackson is love child what probably he probably spurred
them on it's probably behind a whole damn thing with his teo crap hey Jesse we hate
you like poison maybe at least in open days of the week and today's one of
them speaking to people we hate who are willing to miss their lives yeah hey how
much you down how much you go over there and get on the front lines you
quizzling you idiot you ferry 9.51 under poll 951 vote what do you think 34
minutes 49 oh yeah easy easy don't say easy say boy we're under a lot of stress
and pressure here we won't be getting those big bucks and don't see people hop
on that poll ours and vote we'll go get all the options you just make up some
stupid ass vote when you're shopping for shoes speaking of our good friend
Berkeley but she's she is doing a way over job you know she is the best comfort fit
and value those are the three ingredients that's all about when you're taking
career feet so get over to brandy shoes and pop it up each of the most comfortable
fit in your favorite style of shoes brandy's carries a humongous unbeatable
selection of all the top brands rock pour floor shine echo the fisto S.A.S.
new balance and more and brandy's professional shoe fitters will make you
sure you have a customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time just
ask for Arnie he'll take care of you and your tootsies and if brandy's chances
are you'll never hear oh sorry sorry mister or man we don't have that style
on your size because they have such a big selection whatever style you pick
out it's there on a shelf to slap on your feet right now and the pros and
brandy's understand fit and comfort too they've been specializing wide
with brandy's is well worth the trip from just about anywhere which is why
they've been around so long for comfort style fit value when selection think
brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway and
Pompano Beach open daily Monday through Saturday nine to nine and every Sunday
nine to five and all this wicked's brandy's after Wilma sale rents per walkers
are 4490 men's very top set a side or a oh is only 4490 and men's world
tour just 6990 so be sure to get into brandy's and swaker to your shoe shopping
on their website at brandy's shoes dot com this is meal Rogers this is five
sixteen two eight
I don't know I'm looking for a value meal that's positively infectious
head down to KFC killer blue chicken for the bird blue family back free extra
crispy legs two thighs and four contaminated beaks all for only nine ninety nine
two it's fingers flicking good it's a killer meal on a killer meal
I'm not going to do well we got 28 minutes we need 38 votes section be too difficult but don't
back off now don't ease off keep the pressure on man keep that the mental
acid we're desperate porn talks stalks L.A. art project this from the early times
that we used to like until they fired Robert Sheer until he got the bought off I
want to write we may not it was an accusation of porn in the corn that arrives
to Aaron landy's scorn port of the court for the corn and Aaron's us
scoring the experimental filmmaker and documentarian was kicked off a 32 acre
lot in downtown L.A. that's been planted with corn and turned in with art
installation after officials plenty of shot a pornographic movie among the
stalks and husks oh my god landy 45 of Hollywood denies that any new to the
occurred during the months he spent for a photographing local artists and
dancers staging their own performances at the agricultural themed exhibit called
not a cornfield landy alleges that he's being slated is demanding apology from
the Annabird Foundation which has financed me 2.2 million dollars exhibition on
State Park property near Chinatown the conflict comes as harvest time arrives
of what the foundation characterizes as a living sculpture that's transformed
to one-time Birburn Reary art landy city photograph more than two dozen local
dancers poets actors and artists offering samples of their own work against the
cornfield backdrop before he was ordered out by project administrators he said
was filming a dancer in a colorful flowing gown near a row of corn stalks
to remember forth when project general manager Adolfo no dial accused him of
producing pornography no dial called in Los Angeles police and a state
parks range it affords him off the least park property no dial former general
manager of the Los Angeles County Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Department
denied landing assertion we never accused him of filming pornography but they
were people filming naked people we had an open policy but then things started
to happen to now said people filming naked people oh no what do you call
that fun yeah art but landy had this high definition video camera rolling
during the competition secretly we could have no doubt you guys are shooting
pornography no dial says in the paper you also got a crop circle in the middle
of the cornfield you guys have been shooting porn in here we have a lot of
witnesses on the video tape no dial is shown telling officers that these people
aren't allowed here we're going to kick them out every time they come here the
video shows officers listening carefully first and now then the landy before
acknowledging they need to investigate further but the park ranger was quick to
assert authority upon arrival he asked to be landy's previously shot footage
advising the filmmaker that he'd be allowed to retain only videotape that the
ranger found not objectable as he put it the ranger warned landy he would seize
the camera if he found 90 filming again after landing objective that not a
cornfield was a public art installation staged on public property no dial
relented slightly agreeing last week to allow additional filming during three
hour periods on Wednesdays and thirds days but the camera man was ordered to
comply with strict rules and paid a cost of a security guard who watched him at
all times landy was also barred from her attempting to film Lauren bond the
artist and amber foundation trustee who organized the not a field as
sufficient in letters and last week to bond 90 created crop circles or shot
pornography in of nudes at the field to complain that exhibition poise the
pained him by telling families visiting the cornfield last week that he was a
porno guy and a search net's in spark an angry confrontation by one set of
parents landy said he'd been falsely blamed after not a cornfield
employees found a second cornstocks flattened and condoms scattered around on
the ground oh god they're probably just like to blow up balloons right
perfect this here Sean said about your polls today nice going Sean I haven't
even looked at him yet but I'm sure they're great just like the frosted flakes
they're great never Tony the Tiger would say if he weren't dead you bet he
would he weren't but he is he's dead oh wait until you this being a good
segue European medicine regulators have ordered a safety check on tamiflu
after reports that two teenage boys died in Japan and parents
suicide after taking the anti flu drug so if you read about uh bird flu
avion flu start worried about tamiflu the deaths of race safety fears about the
only treatment against the threatened pandemic of avion flu that that's our
not linked in a career part the Japanese health ministry issued a warning in
June 2004 about psychological and neurological disorders linked with tamiflu
with an instruction that doctor should be alerted but no similar warning was
issued in Europe and the UK a tamiflu is made by Swiss space
pharmaceutical company roch yesterday is spoken for the European medicines
evaluation agency which licenses drugs in the EU including the UK said the
agency had been aware the first step but not the second roch has been asked to
closely follow reports of psychological disorders delusional states and
abnormal behavior linked with a drug I bet you Joel must be taken at the
moment there's no warning about this in Europe we need to establish if there's
any link he added that the effects of the drug had to be distinguished from the
effects of the flu influenza itself can cause confusion and can be difficult to
tell whether the metal saved the state is effective tamiflu or the illness the
pharmaceutical San medical devices agency Japan as we see reports of 64
cases of psychological disorders like the drug between 2000-2004 the two
Japanese boys were reported to have exhibited that normal behavior after
taking the drug in the first case a 17-year-old high school student was at
home alone ran out of the house and jumped over railing into the path of a
truck in February 2004 shortly after taking the drug in the second case in
junior high school student apparently fell from nine four of his apartment
in building in February 2005 maybe he was an air collecting fan who knows two
guy pharmaceuticals the Japanese hey what you got to think of this the
Japanese operating company for roasty Swiss based manufacturer tamiflu said
we reported these cases of the health ministry as a link between the deaths and
the drug could not be ruled out there you go take it at your own risk I would
just stay away from all of my parents and geese and birds and all kinds
cockatooes all of them 971 on the pool when you 29 votes in 22 minutes should be a
piece of cake even now Michael Corleone would be impressed take you're right
that the dialogue in that movie just it's just so bad it's a shame it is a shame
it could have been a great film and you know he wanted to cut corners that's
way put his ugly daughter would be snows in there and then he had his just craft
George Hamilton my ass I mean well how does he in any way shape or form that
movie that it would a group huh it's a lot like the other star wars movies you
know it's the same kind of reaction like just crapping on an institution
yeah but at least they had a good story to tell here they just did it very
poorly yeah well yeah maybe they should fear you yeah we're stealing from
themselves and then when I'll tell you the same where she's injecting giving
Michael his insulin injection on a patio yeah and she starts oh Alfredo maybe it
was an accident she like I think I love illusion like like he's that crazy he
doesn't know what how he did yeah maybe it was just an accident and somebody got
heard crazy some way they're struck by lifeguard and trucks speaking of people
who are like in harm's way a Miami-B's lifeguard driving a 3,400 pound pickup
truck ran over the head and shoulder of a sunbaid or a Sunday morning but the
young woman was able to lead to her feet is witness screened at the driver to
stop that girl she should give thanks to God that she's a lot because that truck
ran right over her head said high-roly bearers who witnessed the 10 a.m. incident
how do you say that J.A.I.R.O. Hyrule okay yes a miracle she's alive because I
was sure a haid was gonna be crushed he said Jillian Gonzalez 19 was lying on
the sand at South Point Park next to friend Daniel Martinez everybody in
the everybody over there is the name and the Nazee with a blue and white
cooler next to her haid when the truck they're in by Orlando Artees came over
the embankment I wonder if he was kind to lure Artees used to play second-based
for the Rochester Red Wings 100 years ago Orlando Artees the left hair nearly
miss Martinez's head then a crushed the cooler before driving over Gonzalez
let's hold her in chic Gonzalez was standing up and talking after the incident
Libero said it was the first time Gonzalez who lives in Miami spring and there's
a sophomore studying to be a teacher at Miami-Dade College has been the beach in
two months her father said I'll think she'd be going back soon but instead of a
pleasant day at the beach she's spent it being tweeted amongst Sinai Medical
Center and she survived that boy she ever loved it she would unlike more
a skib she survived that she was released the same day when Ocean Rescue
representatives Ernie Gonzalez Jillian's father didn't provide specific
information on the original state she was still being examined by doctors by
the grace of God she's at home tonight instead of a funeral home he said since
Wilma Miami Beach's law of life guards to temporarily use trucks in place of
the decimated lifeguard stands court of city officials Artees the
dollars Martinez you see all the connections here huh?
the whole disease they have this yeah
on nine hundred and eighty two we got twenty minutes should be like a
crawling right over there to see what I should now how's the pizza come we
see that that's right from our one no the prey don't know
is five sixty two eight
you
we didn't
find in 10
got away
this in
She's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting married, she's getting
She starting to attack me
I remember those very things that were stuck in my hand, felt see this crying and put
it on the crazy routine.
Remember that?
No.
Jim Baker, you don't remember that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've done the thing.
Come on, give everything.
Yeah.
I think we might have our 1,000 votes, but I don't have it taken a pubic at it.
9.96, like I said, we got a little more work to do.
Not a lot.
Don't get carried away.
We don't want to overdo it because we can set the bar too high, then people expect
to go back and do it again.
And this won't happen again any time soon.
Although tomorrow we probably will because we're going to have two polls tomorrow.
The first one being about your favorite BG's, put out your stinking cap overnight and think
about that.
And a lot of you are going to say, oh, the BG is suck.
We don't like the BG's music.
What's this?
Yeah, you do.
These are the same people that claim that they use soap.
And these are the same ones who are dropping it all the time.
That's why they still use it.
So it's kind of hard to drop the body wash.
It's really not easy.
I've never, not once have I ever dropped a plastic bottle of body wash.
Not one time yet.
Right.
But the soap, just oops, slippery in the dercos.
Let me reach right down and grab that baby.
As the young lawyer in the Reagan administration, Supreme Court nominee Sam Alito Jr. fascist
in chief wrote that the Constitution doesn't protect the right to an abortion.
He cleared his firm opposition to a certain affirmative action programs and strongly endorsed
a government role in protecting traditional values.
Are you following all of those buzz terms?
The comments came in a job application of Entertion General Edwin Meas, the third,
maybe five.
When leader was seeking to bolster his conservative credentials and move up at the justice
department, he was subsequently promoted deputy assistant attorney general.
He said he was particularly proud of his contribution to the case in which the Reagan
administration argued before the Supreme Court that racial and ethnic quotas should not
be allowed and that the Constitution does not protect the right to abortion.
Sam Alito, another Nazi and they had what's your name?
Or came on Diane Feinstein before she had her meeting with him today and by the beat
by the boop, he's a very bright man.
But all this other laughing, why not just come out and say is a Nazi okay, Diane?
You bitch.
What is wrong with you?
All these Democrats all beating around a bush so to speak.
That's the problem that I've beaten around a bush.
Not nearly enough.
We got a thousand in some vote.
A thousand and three.
Thank you so much.
And then I said I'm going to put us over the top again.
Mighty white of it.
There was.
I'm thinking about lunch.
What are your thoughts on dessert?
That pecan pie.
I'm going to get that.
Since I'm going in the end or listen to me, I'm going to go get the BG's music since I
have none of it here.
I'm sure that it's there where probably behind you.
If there's a soul.
If any.
Yeah.
I look for it.
It's not there.
So it's coming out there.
That's right.
It's a piece of the piece of it.
Our pizza and why would anybody step still on my CD's or send it on a receipt again anyway.
But since I got to go in the store anyway to get you to get my BG's, I'm going to get
you a pin.
All right.
And then you then give it to Josh and we'll see.
We'll see what he thinks of it.
I think you might actually like it.
I'll give it a shot and I'll give it to Josh.
I know you'll like it.
All right.
I'd be shocked if you didn't like it.
It's not one of the great movies of all time.
And it's Canadian movie.
All the way.
I don't think it's I don't know where it's shot.
It doesn't make any difference.
Iraqi detainees claim they were put into a cage of lions.
And if we're lion, you're dying to a Iraqi business man who were imprisoned by US forces
in Iraq claim yesterday that American soldiers threw them into a cage of lions in a Baghdad
palace as part of a terrifying interrogation in 2003.
If it was good enough for Daniel and lions, then it's good enough for them.
Remember Daniel and lions then?
Yes, I do.
And then he saw the head writing on the wall and said, uh, buru khataf, yours, something
like that.
Did you name his friends who were in there with him?
No.
Shadrach, Meshach and a bedb-
And a bedb-go.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
Meshach is that what you said?
Shadrach, Meshach and a bedb-go.
And to bed we go.
Jews in your names.
Yeah, right.
You know what?
Sounds awfully gay.
To bed we go.
What kind of prep is that?
Anyway.
They took me behind the cage.
They were screaming at me, scaring me and beating me a lot.
I'm not going to read this guy's name.
Send an interview.
I can't read that name.
It just makes no sense.
One of the soldiers would open the door and two soldiers would push me in.
The lions came running toward me and they pulled me out and shut the door.
I completely lost consciousness.
Army spokesman Paul Boyce said he's never heard of lions being used in any of the
U.T.
And it's never come up in the name of the boy.
But the interesting part is that Saddam Hussein's eldest son Ude kept lions in his compound
at the presidential palace, which was taken over by U.S. troops during the war.
There you go.
And after they killed some of the wrong people the first time, then they killed Ude and
Hussein and all these other goyem.
They were just fun kids.
That's right.
The two men described the July day in 2003 when they were arrested by American troops with
guns and armored vehicles.
They said they recovered plastic hoods and repeatedly struck by soldiers using the
butt of their guns.
They both described standing in front of a lion cage and said they could hear other
prisoners screaming as the metal cage door crept open the shrine shut.
They threatened if I didn't protest they put me in the cage, said Khalid, adding that
the soldiers kept asking him where Saddam was.
I laughed.
I thought they were kidding me.
They asked where are the weapons of mass destruction.
I was very surprised and thought it was weird.
But when he laughed, he said he was only beaten more.
And he said they pushed him into a cage three times, pulling him out as the lions move
toward him.
Both men said they suffered continuing physical and psychological trauma such as pain,
ulcers, nightmares and insomnia.
Very similar to what John Void, the experienced after deliverance.
After that trip up the Kahulalasi River up to entry, Sabar said he was held by US forces
for about six months and believes about two months.
So, let's go.
And here we go.
Daniel and lions then, John and the Awail.
Was it John and the whale?
It was, but it wasn't a whale.
It was a great fish.
Big fish?
Yes.
I think it was Charlie Tune of myself.
Maybe it was the big Kahuna.
This is the big Kahuna.
How's Robbie Underon?
He's good.
Yes.
Hey, Robbie.
You're fairly handsome.
You've been a lot of fans.
Five.
The Rodgers are sports-hole radio, WQ-A-L.
Thank you.
Oh.
Oh, right.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
Starfan sounds...
Now there's Bruce!
Bruce!
Bruce!
Bruce!
Bruce!
Bruce!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hea- hostelys.
Are we allowed to be released again?!
nobody can catch him. 201. Pat Robertson, 192, though, he's run on their tail.
Dr. Phil 166, Vinnie Han 133. Haven't seen him in a long time. That's probably why I'm such a good mood.
Bill O'Rally 126. You know, sometimes when you'll see somebody for a long time, we were in a good mood because of it.
No, no, no, no, no. Bill O'Rally 126, Jimmy Swagrid 46, Herado 35, Kevin Trudeau, he belongs behind bars 29,
con artist, baker, don't find that book. Jennifer Crosch 25, Dr. Kennedy 17, Tim Russell 13, Ernest Ainsley 9,
Richie Simmons 8, Peter Poppall of 6, Ron Popeye 5, and Oprah, Solomon T. Trays. Bye, bye, bye!
