How it things everything is great. Yeah, me too
This is a nice way how about those patriots? Holy cow, what a game that Brady is amazing isn't he? Yeah
12 for 12 and in the fourth quarter when the chips are down him inventory man. Those two have got balls of
Granted, yep, no question about that. The guy is now brought his team back in the fourth quarter
17 times and he's right and he's so cool back there
You know, he just carved them up unfazed. Yes, don't be fooled by the pretty face folks
Somebody called the show earlier and said other stewers should have taken a time out the ice vigneteria, right?
Like that guy like that guy is an automatic
Yeah, whoever the clown was on the broadcast was saying the same thing
Oh, well, it could have you know like it's gonna make any difference one word the other. Yeah, that's so you don't ice Adam
Venetary nope, and of course the dolphins were smelling Super Bowl man. Oh, yeah, this is the most overreacting town on earth
You know last week Ronnie Brown was a bomb now. He's you know
It's always a bad sign when your team wins a game and you act like you're really shocked that they won
That's not a good sign. No, I was shocked that they won yesterday
I look like Carolina's highly overrated. Ah, they stuck against the whirlens
They played very poorly against the patriots only the Patriots played worse that game, but did I play well?
They actually could have won the game and you know, they they came back
They tied it and they're moving again. They get to the top of the world
I feel gold button. He throws that interception
Well, you know with Gus for rotten Rodney Brown. What's not to like you know?
Gus had a good second. I have yours three
Well, the old 17 yards. He demand and of course the Marlins are just I guess everybody would be on a
The dolphin bandwagon out because the Marlins are crumbling badly. They're going out and you know
One thing to go out in the style, you know, give it a good shot. They're going out in shame that cookie crumbled
Yeah, so well the last week of the Marlins season and they are suddenly irrelevant. Oh that means we got no more
1230 early exits that's bad. I'm gonna have better take a vacation pretty soon to make up for that
Looking about two weeks. Yeah, I'm out of here on Thursday after the show Thursday
I'm really going in New York at the goal cup at Belmont on Saturday
Yeah, and then I get to go to Charlotte on Monday. I'm covering the Monday night game for ESPN
Well, I'll be damned Charlotte. Well, it's I don't mind Charlotte. I like it there never been there
Oh, it's a nice little city. I've driven to the Carolinas on 95 years ago, but I always throw real fast to there
Oh, I like to Carolina really yeah, I went to school. What I've always liked it there
That's where you went to Duke. Yeah, holy moly. Hey, by the way, speaking of colleges. How about those Spartans?
Yeah, what's that all about?
Are they score 71 points or something against Illinois? Yeah, I like that a whole bunch
Well, they're pissed off. They're sick and tired of taking all that crap from those Michigan people, you know
I wasn't a good day for them
Don't tell me they lost again. Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you
They lost in a worse possible way too at the end of the game. Oh no, somebody maybe a real upset this thing
I would think so. You're not gonna be happy. I've said as your buddy back in town or is he still a fan of it?
I
Didn't really check his itinerary
I can't get any answers out of these people, you know, whether it's about my paycheck whether it's about his my good buddy
Moe back in town. I asked if he was happy and excited that Moe's gonna be back in town
Right, and he wasn't sure that he was. Oh, that's a shock. Yeah, see there you go again
I'll find you if you're leaving after Thursday show to go to New York. I had these next four days
I'd keep my nose real clean. You know, I mean, oh, you mean P-Bell? Yeah, no more P-Bells this week
You have four days to hang on real tight. I've been pretty good
By the way that's Joel Feynman, Feynberg, whatever his name is. What a jackass over to another place
I would have been asked for four hours. I think on him off on Friday. I might just do it again today
I'm gonna agree with you on that. He is such a jerk
Yeah, WQM will do anything they're hurt us
It would be almost amusing if it weren't for the fact that he tried to hire you and mad dog and everybody on the staff except me
Yeah, and then you know, we'd like to get Joe back, but oh no, he's not going. He hates QAM
You know, so everybody hates QAM. I'm gonna say something about Joe. Joe does not hate QAM
No, and I hate two people there one of them is Greg and the other one is
So don't you unmancinable one? Yeah, and I think Joe dislikes more people over there than he does over here
Wouldn't surprise me like maybe Daniel Abaster is what I'm hearing that could be one. Yeah, there are others
Well, I don't think he and Vivo ever get along that well either. I don't think he has a lot of respect for the general manager
The Stu got's probably not that's your former bird off. You're responsible there. You made him what he is today
Yeah, a guy with a rich daddy
I didn't make him that bored off made general manager boy. What a market, you know, it's like a stir it's like the stir
I told you about Howard Howard Primer from K.E.T. I told you that story on air remember about how he was gonna get fired
Yeah, and the PD left. Yeah, he was sitting he was sitting in the hallway doing to go in thinking that he was gonna get a promotion in
The news department and steady was gonna get fired and the PD walked in just before him
I can't take this place out of here
And so Judith what's their name from Nevada the Senator whatever the name was
Exner I was ex-ner Campbell
Yeah, and she calls Howard and says Howard how would you like to be programmed director? Oh?
He just happened to be the first available body
Well, he also had a rich daddy who bought that station member. Yep, and turned into Haitian melodies and well Sidney tell it said to tell you hello
Oh, yeah, give them a big kiss for me. Thanks Sid. You're okay. Yeah, how is he? He's great. He's great
He's doing fine. He's living a good life right now. It's good in some time in North Carolina
I'm excited about Lynn Russell to him. I will mention that to him next time. Yeah, just see what he says
Okay, well he pretended when he and Craig Worthing and I had dinner at Ruth Chris year or two ago
He he pretended at least he put on a good act like all timers was kicking in auto remember anything about any of that
You know about Lynn but nevertheless trying to remember Judith's last name now. Yeah, the set of the
Her husband with the senator from Nevada Howard something and I can't think of her name to begin with L
I don't start with that
I have no idea. I haven't got a clue. It wasn't cats in time. I can tell you that
No, now were you ever in that building? Did you ever? Sure?
No music was was in the same building in fact they own the building and it was
My friend Mike Perles family was the music
People they were the music people down here. Yeah, the franchise for down here
So I used to go over there all the time in fact
I used to go on that building and sit with Sunny while he'd do the show at night. So you were in the
But where did he didn't do a show out of the main studio though?
He did his own studio. He did. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, I was a big studio
Yeah
That was it and there was the big picture of Frank Cassantine who was the founder KAT was named after him after his name
And there was a big picture on the wall
I still to this day swear that as you looked at it the eyes were moving it was watching you
He'd been dead for years, but there was the big picture on the
You know the best story is with with Sydney and Mrs. Cassantine the day that you
I know Sidney
He was going on the air
Yeah, and he kept her on he kept her on the phone for hours four hours
So she wouldn't listen that is a classic
Oh boy those are the days man. Yeah, those were the days just a couple of guys reminiscing
That's us that bird bath out there outside the window and that that room was like it was like a
Mocely in that studio with those old drapes and that big piano in there
That was about yeah, I remember and then the transmitter was inside the building which is very unusual
But the tower is sitting out back and the transmitter was inside the building in the control room
And I used to have those real it was older than Mathuzla
Artsmith was the engineer I'm sure he's long since pushing up daisies
But we had those big glowing final tubes you go in there looking it was like Mark Coney would have been proud
It's just amazing
What a place. Yeah, that was quite a time. Yeah, those are the days man. Yeah, well, we're still doing it
We had what that was the sales manager's name that died too from a Notre Dame. Oh
Wow, Bob Allen. Yeah, I didn't know he died. He died all a long time ago
In fact his son called me on the year years ago and on this station about four or five years ago
I guess he was a nice
Valentine, yeah
Mm-hmm. That's a nice boy that Jewish station. We don't want to be that Jewish station
We're at second-tierities old Jews. We don't want to be that Jewish. Well, he was a Notre Dame guy
Oh, oh well that Catholic thing
But he used to shoot some mean baskets in his office though. He went with a little mini basketball balls
Yeah, oh, I got I could you're right. I should write a book doing problems nobody'd buy it
But I would amuse the hell out of me and you and me yeah, yeah, and George probably not Greg
But that's where it goes. I'm seeing Greg lately. Well, that's good
Well, he's leaving. He's probably making his plans now to move onward and upward
You know, I don't want to discuss that no, that's good. I do the time to leave
Probably best I not shred in that direction good time to even go and make a few bets
Yeah, it's not a bad idea. Yeah, go plunge your guts out. Okay. I might also say how do you write?
I'll say how do your buddy on the crossover too on him a big kiss for you. Oh, please and the best of you
Welcome right on the you know, okay. See you tomorrow. All right
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people I said fill her up
I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber, but it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving
I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines, but it was all in good fun
I was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorist gorillas
But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip
If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm
Think again because the money you spend to fill your tank
Eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people and all I had to say was fill her out some other public service announcements
Want to blame terrorism on drug addicts?
But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror
So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank
You're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive
It's not like I was hurting anyone this message provided by the council on displacing the blame
I think it's clear if well-boiled which is just trying to keep her nose clean, don't you?
That's right. That was the last straw. And well by the way speaking of that
You know they had blowing for Columbine on CBC last night didn't believe about any of the words by the way
Including the effort was in there several times
Unexpergated they just showed the original version and I had to watch it again
You know I've seen it many many many many times and the point I think of that movie that's the best and of course
It's so true now is the idea of keeping the public scared you know, it's the main thing keep everybody on pins and you
Right, I'm all scared like in the power of nightmares exactly and in line with that
I got a little story a little bit later about the newest the Nile monitor lizard
Have you seen about this? No, what a nasty looking. That's a big mother too
It's not there's a little I got a little huh. I've seen them but what what's the what do you call those little comedians that?
Run around all over in the backyard here in Florida lizard. Yeah, what?
Lizards. No, but they have a name for those get their little their tussoil and harmless
This is a big mean. It looks like something historic thing
It's a sharp tooth invasive reptile and it's it's in the Florida and it may make its way to
So there's another reason I was scared good. I'd be in I'd be in a total panel
Those are good they eat bugs and other little farm and also little babies too
So all you people are reproducing a little bit too much just take your babies out in the front lawn see what happened
Anyway, I'll be before we do the pool here's some more good news from Iraq and Afghanistan a
Suicide bomber driving a mini bus pulled alongside a convoy of a elite Iraqi commandos in Baghdad yesterday and
detonated as explosive coming ten more people in the spare burning metal
The powerful explosion rattled windows miles from the stretch of highway in the eastern neighborhood of God
The air blood from the dead and injured soaked the bread in the roadside stalls isn't that lovely? Yeah blood soaked bread
I bet you they get a discount on that or a chart extra
And a US to New Calicopter crash yesterday remote mountains of some of that Afghanistan killing all five crew members on board
The US military said it didn't appear to have been shot down. It was just an accident, but then somebody got
As opposed to accidents were nobody got hurt. So I guess Rita was kind of like a big disappointment
They were hoping for like a lot of dead bodies and chaos and Katrina part two, but it just didn't pan out
Just bloody. I mean it did plenty of damage, but not like big league, you know
And so last night
MSNBC had a big special on there and there was little Brian Nerkras was getting all kinds of
Kudos and about how he saved all these lives during Andrew and how brilliant he was and he's the guy that I told George before to show
It's like chicken little you know if he keeps screaming long enough for the sky scoring sooner later something that does happen
You know so nice going Brian. I wanted to give you the real thing
Yeah, I don't want it. Hey, what's up for that asteroid?
So anyway, who's the best American rock band of all time? We had the tremendous response
Only promise there about 300 we have freaked on this pool as if I'm not gonna notice it right you it is
You know if you want to waste your time creeping our polls by all means have a good time
It'll keep your screen because obviously you have no life
2823 votes of which about 2500 in summer real votes. That's pretty impressive
But yes me we might actually have somebody out there listening Joel wouldn't that be bad if we threw in another big month
In there and salvage to really pretty good summer book. Oh, no the best American rock band of all time
I think because there's so many of mine here because we need what are we gonna do with that journey thing stick him down there like what about
What like it matters of all
There would be a remote you know, I mean isn't like this is Neil Rogers
This is by
True
Oh
Give it to every guy in town
Oh
Shılton
Of always be with you
I'm gonna sue it out.
Hey, keep away from that girl.
Hope that I'm still in my gun now.
Keep away from soup.
Oh, she like to sleep with her own.
Yeah, I even did it with my rising house.
Oh, right.
We didn't get a job to call.
Now I'm afraid of falling off.
Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows.
Use to have a hold where this fucking goes.
Ask any fool that she ever knows.
A keep away from a simple mess.
Yeah.
Keep away from that girl.
You know, I'm sure you've seen people in your lifetime who are so beautiful that it hurts to look at them.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah.
I think everybody can relate to that.
There's people like you almost can't even look at them because it's just like it would be like being diabetic and too much eye candy.
Scarlett Johansson.
I think even Joshua to be with me that yesterday in the Patriot Steelers game, the Tom Brady looked so good that it was what?
Yeah, jump on.
Jump on up and read Josh there.
It was difficult for me to look at him.
That's how good he looks now.
Just I don't know what it is, but it's like he's going well, whatever.
Josh would say that same thing this morning.
Yeah, I heard him.
We probably thought I wasn't paying attention, but he said the same.
And of course, he's busy.
A glotinay is bucks a three in the.
Oh, there you go.
Nice going.
Yeah, pretty sure, you know, better than the patch right now.
Hey, give a little bit of credit, mister.
That was one hell of a game yesterday that Patriot Steelers game.
I walked in Pittsburgh, huh?
I watched it.
12 for 12 in a fourth quarter.
And in Ventitiri is solid.
Brock Sal is a block of granite.
They are just their back.
And of course, those dolphins, well, what can you say?
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Oh, and I'm sorry.
It was a premature evaluation on my part.
Three more US soldiers were killed in Iraq today.
And two separate attacks involving roadside bombs.
One of the attacks occurred early in the day.
Western Baghdad killing two.
The third US soldier working with the 42nd brigade was killed about 50 miles south east of Baghdad.
Yesterday, and this is over and above the other story I had before about the 10.
See, people think that, you know, there's like one story.
And oh, well, that's just an isolated entity.
You know, what's 10 dead ragheads yesterday?
At least 33 more Iraqis were killed during the day of step of violence.
Gunman Loyal to radical.
She had cleric Muktada al-Sadar ambushed in Iraqi patrol eastern Baghdad.
Slum and US forces joined in a 90-minute gun battle killing as many as 80 attackers.
But 33 Iraqis were killed there.
And also yesterday armed men pulled off daring armored car robber.
We're killing two guards and escaping with $850,000 and a suicide car bomber slammed into a combo of carrying interior ministry commandos.
Killing seven of them in two civilians and south of the capital two separate bicycle bombings in town markets killed at least seven more people and wounded dozens.
Other than that, everything is just all weird.
Oh, why?
Everything is just fine.
So quit making up all those stories.
Okay, the best rock band of all time American.
Now, journey, if you believe this, which we don't, because it was free 365.
So it takes 300 out.
Well, let's give them 65.
Okay.
And again, whoever would, I mean, if all the bands to free, Bernie, journey my ass.
The door is 275.
It was, look at this.
See, instead of wasting your hopes with freeping, you couldn't have been the decisive votes, but you weren't.
Because YouTube is even a bunch of smartasses.
The doors 275, the Eagles 273.
Are you ready for that?
And Erosmith 253, holy moly rat man, and even Van Halen, the marginal Van Halen 209.
Oh, and did you notice that Howard's voice was on at the Connecticut School of Broadcasting Spot?
It was brought to our attention.
Speaking of David Lee Growth, Roth, who is a rumored to be a replacement Howard soon.
Beat's boys 125, grateful dead 105, how sad.
Oh, there's must be people are just, they're ODN on fish food right now.
The Woody Gravers of the world.
Almond Brothers 88, Chicago only 78.
Grateful dead 105 in Chicago 78.
That's enough to make you want a cockaw right there.
Leonard Scott 68, Nirvana 61, Metallica 54, Fleetwood Mac 52, Frank Zappa 50, Earth Wind and Fire 46, Ramones 45.
This is taking me an hour to read all these.
But CCR 49, I agree.
CCR 41, Dave Matthews band and Kiss each had 39.
That was for Dave Matthews, I kiss.
Oh, steely Dan in the band 34 piece.
Guns in Roses 33, ZZ Top 32, what about Carrot Top?
Rhett, by the way, speaking of Carrot Top, Tommy, our production ace.
I think I bought himself a nice 2004 Corvette.
Let's hear it for Tommy because it's supposed to be a secret.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think it was the world enough.
Well, why not?
Nice going Tommy.
So his other business on the side must be doing a lot better than his radio business.
His rock band.
Red Hot Chili Pepper 31, Tom Petty and Heartbreaker 31, the Pixies 29, Green Day 25, the Talking
Hids 25, Bond Jovey 25, My My My My, the Carrot 25, Aurea M-1-2-3.
Oh boy.
Well, you can't like Aurea unless you're gay.
That's what I was told.
Rage Against the Good Machine, Ma'an 18, Jefferson Airplane 18, the Dubie brother 17.
Not too much.
I wouldn't even thought they'd done better now.
I would have, but they're old.
The Dubies, Bob Siger and the Silver Bullet Band, 17, Sublime 16, Buoyster, Carpenter,
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter,
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Carpenter, Car
Carpenter, come all day, come all day, come all day Sweet by night, a tired night.
I'll just be like a bed at the end of this thing.
I reckon.
Take a long trip.
No.
404 boats.
I think I should probably tell a story about my high pitched tenitis stone.
Why not?
Two or five.
Oh, it's a good story, isn't it?
Yeah, first thing you take a tour with it.
It's my luck.
Saturday night I come into my place here and I hear in my living room.
I heard this high pitched tone.
Do we have like a 60 cycle tone where we used to have something like that?
Uh, yeah, well, the bleep is just a shortened tone.
No, no.
Much higher pitched than that.
I mean, real?
Oh, yeah, like that only much higher and much, uh, and I'm hearing it and I'm thinking,
okay, what the hell is it?
It's enough to drive you crazy.
If they would allow dogs in this building, if I had a dog, you would have jumped out
the window and killed it, so that's how high it wasn't annoying.
And I'm thinking, well, where the hell is that coming from?
So the first thing you think of is your TV, right?
Uh, turn the TV off still there.
Right.
The computer is going around and I'm listening to my, um, air purifier not coming from
that.
And I'm like trying to position myself in different places and I go in other rooms
in my place here in the studio here.
Do I hear it?
No.
In my bedroom.
Do I hear it?
No.
Pat rooms.
No.
And so this is very, uh, disconcerting.
And if you're well, something in the building, there's somebody either left a, uh, client
son or something's going on or maybe from the fire alarm.
So I get up yesterday morning in the same damn high pitch tone.
And then you start worrying about, you know, it's pretty when you get to be an old
Jew like me about tonight.
Is it all, you know, is that what they call it?
Yeah, tonight is tennis.
I'm not sure how it's been.
When you have, uh, you always hearing those high-prick at home, right?
Years and it's just, it's in your head, you know, it's just in your head.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah, very similar to that only without the wobble.
But anyway, that's all right.
So yesterday I went downstairs.
I had to go to the store, get a couple of things and on the way out, I told the concierge.
I said, would you send the maintenance guy up because there's some, some,
and the maintenance guy comes up here and sure enough, he's listening.
And he hears it.
He hears it.
So I know, so I know it's not me.
I'm not losing my mind.
I mean, at least somebody else heard it.
So he, uh, he's going to go check it out, yada, yada.
And the worst part of it is that when I go down a hallway, I go on the elevator,
I hear it in the elevator.
Yeah.
And then I get to the bottom of the elevator and I hear it down there.
So I'm positive at this point.
It's something in the building and something in the air conditioning system in the power.
Yeah, it's something.
I don't know.
Your fillings are picking up radio signals.
Right.
So I come back and at this point, I pick up my blackberry and I send a message to a friend of mine
who's in the building and I said, come on up.
I want to see if you can hear this because it's driving me crazy and maybe you can figure out what it is.
And he sends me back a message.
He'll be up in a few minutes.
And I, as I pick up the blackberry to read it, I realize that this high pitch tone is coming
from my little blackberry.
I mean, from such a little plan, they can make it look like that.
You know, I'm so covered.
I know how to work.
Seriously.
And of course, as I was going down in the elevator, I carried this everywhere.
So it was in my pocket, even though it was in the off position, turned off.
It still was making that noise.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
So they heard it.
I'm basically elevators.
I still heard it.
And of course, because it was in my pocket, you moron, you idiot.
So I take this thing out.
I realize as I hold it up that it's making this sound.
So I opened it up with a knife, took the battery out, reinserted it and here it is right here.
You hear it?
No, because it's not quite a church.
I thought it would blow it up.
Wow.
So there's like a little interesting story.
And of course, the maddening part when you hear something like that, you don't know where it's coming from.
And then it follows you around and you're convinced that you're like losing your mind.
That you have Greg Reed disease that he's finally gotten to you.
Not going to get to make Greg.
Oh, it's big enough.
Grey rovers, by the way, these Saudis, I just don't know what the hell to say.
Other than let's get them all.
All you ragheads, I know that we have a few people, probably American troops listening over there in Saudi Arabia.
Hey, all you guys over there just go and hook the old cheer up to the oil.
And let's have a bloodless cool or even a bloody coup is okay with me as long as there are people don't get it.
Those ragheads, Saudi princes, man, you're your time is coming, baby.
This reminds me of Josh's favorite movie network.
This story that you somebody sent to us, right?
Saudi prince Al Walid bin Talal has purchased 5.46% of the Fox corporation, according to Gulf Daily News,
raising concern that the conservative Fox news may soften its anti-terror stance due to the views of the new shareholder.
Al Walid, the nephew of the late Saudi king, Fad, was in the news when he visited the world trade centers or mans just after the 9-11 attacks and offered them the York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani $10 million check for relief efforts.
Al Walid then released a statement blaming US foreign policy and support for Israel for the attacks.
Giuliani returned the princes, checked with a statement that there's no moral equivalent for this attack.
The people who did it lost any right to ask for justification when they slaughtered innocent people.
Not only are those statements wrong, they're part of the problem.
So there's one rag head, okay?
So now one's part of Fox News is if we didn't hate Fox News enough already.
Now God only knows as they said network what kind of crap is going to be pennil for truth on that network as if it is already.
And if you didn't like that story about our for a Saudi friends, you'll love this one.
All right, Lord.
The Saudis and the Bushes man, they're in bed together. That's why they hold hands, you know?
Right.
They hold hands because they're in bed together literally and figuratively you name it. They're doing it.
The Bushes end up in Lodins, bunk butt buddies.
You know, they had that piece.
Did you see it on 60 minutes last night about the search for bin Laden?
No, I missed it.
What a waste of time.
We're not going to find bin Laden.
We have a football game on every time I try to tune in 60 years.
Well, that was the Patriot Steelers game, which did end up in about 730 something and they don't be knocking that.
Okay. That was really important.
They very important.
Sure. If you say so.
I'm telling you right now, man.
Tom Brady was in it.
Oh, he sure looked good yesterday, man.
How's Josh said?
Yeah, Josh, you just astonished.
Anyway, of course, the reason they're Josh, probably a Bucks fan, they got that young good looking coach, you know, was not so young anymore.
That young Buck?
Yeah, young Buck.
Hey, Buck.
What is that bit?
Oh, that's at the Darrell Strawberry Bit.
Yeah.
Hi, Buck.
President Bush decided last week to wait.
Listen to this carefully, okay, to give you an idea of the kind of crap and it gets very.
This is from the British newspaper, the Guardian.
I didn't read anything about this in my scouring all the other 80,000 websites.
President Bush decided last week to wave any financial sanctions on Saudi Arabia,
Washington's closest heir of ally and war on terrorism.
For a family and his, isn't that ironic?
Yeah.
That means I say that, uh, my own landscape is our closest ally in the war against the mob.
For a family to do enough to stop the modern day slave trade in prostitutes, child sex workers and forced laborers.
In June, the State Department listed 14 countries as failing to adequately address trafficking problems,
subjecting them all to possible sanctions if they didn't crack down.
Of those 14, Bush concluded that Bolivia, Jamaica, Qatar, Sudan,
Togo and the United Arab Emirates had made enough improvements to avoid any cut in USA,
or in the case of companies that get no American financial assistance,
the borrowing of their officials from cultural and educational events said Darla Jordan,
they stayed government spokeswoman.
Cambodia and Venezuela were not considered to have made similar adequate improvements.
Hey Hugo, how you doing?
But both cleared them nonetheless to receive limited assistance for such things as combating trafficking.
In the case of Venezuela, which has the tense relationship with the US
under leadership of President Hugo Chavez, hey Hugo,
one of Latin America's most often spoken critics of US foreign policy,
Bush also allowed funding for strengthening the political party system
and supporting electoral observations so we can overthrow Hitchhava
just like Hedavid Wudhali and Yanday and Cholian all the other ones.
In addition to Saudi Arabia, Ecuador and Kuwait, another US ally in the Middle East,
were given a complete pass on any sanctions.
Saudi Arabia, Ecuador and Kuwait despite periodic differences,
oil-rich Saudi Arabia and the US have a tight alliance
build on economic and military cooperation.
That left Myanmar, which we used to know as Burma,
so of parts, Cuba and North Korea is the only nation in the list of 14
guard completely from receiving certain kinds of foreign aid.
Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, you got it?
The act is not even cutting off for an assistance or humanitarian aid.
The White House statement offered no explanation of why countries were regarded differently.
Jordan also could not provide one.
As many as 800,000 people are bought and sold across national borders annually
or learned to other countries with false promises of worker or the benefits of
quantity of state-to-farm, most are women and children.
But the Saudis are okay because the Saudis,
those ragheads, those grave robbers, those coaxing or
coaxing ororting pieces of crap, there are good posts of,
and by the way, speaking of Kuwait, I just mentioned in passing again that while
our soldiers were over there fighting and some dying in the first Gulf War,
the Kuwaiti hot shots, the princes and the other ragheads were on the
French Riviera, a Storning Coke and parting till four or five o'clock in the morning
and getting laid and having one gale time.
This is Neil Roger.
You tell me, this is 5.62 AF.
You dredged back in?
Oh, it's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran in Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill, you want me shirts?
And recall how it happened, well, it's good luck
it still gives me change.
What a weirdo!
Followed my map of star house and was shocked to see
sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jollin.
Well, I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
When I saw her hesitate,
but the call of porn started working for her.
It was too late for her and my car and rolled the windows down.
Now she washed my queen and I made her crown.
Could the stupid crown of me and I've got Angelina Jollin
in my basement and I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello!
And charge her ring.
I can't ring.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I think I'm famous.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jollin in my basement.
Let's see how I feel.
Once you get your credit, call out a man in
but I bet you'd give your lesson.
Help me!
To have Angelina Jollin locked down in your basement.
Hello, President!
I'm going to miss them.
I'll hurt your dog, Mr.
And put your dog in the basket.
You know what I'm cranking out all the old classics here today?
Yeah, and why not?
I'll speak to my new hero by the way.
And Josh I think might agree.
Rob Marciano, the weather dude, they just had a thing here on CNN.
He's my new hero.
He's a very handsome young man.
Who can't see that?
See, even an old job like Mad Dog.
Even he's not so uptight about that.
He took a lot of showers and naked with a lot of other guys.
Anyway, speaking of that, probably the most important story.
We will take some calls today, won't we, if we ever get any?
I don't really know what I'm curious Monday.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe like Blue Monday, like the Batman was so ill.
And don't you play that walking in New Orleans thing again with Fat Stomano?
That was so bad.
Come right up.
Unless you want to.
How about Blue Monday?
You got that?
I don't have that.
How many copies?
You got it?
Yeah, let me get it.
Okay.
Well, we're going to have you got it.
I don't understand where you keep coming up with this stuff.
I know you told me death gave you a whole bunch of Oli's.
And I added that to my personal collection, which of course was extensive to begin with.
That's not Blue Monday.
Sure it is.
Blue Monday by who?
Fat Stomano.
Oh, I don't think I have that.
You really do have Blue Monday that anybody knows?
What is it?
Blue Monday by New Order.
Or we could play Blue Monday by Orgy.
You got to be Schmidt and Meme.
No, that's a big hit.
And let me say this.
We love it in school.
That's got to be one of the most important things.
Come on, that's actually one of the most interesting things.
But it's worth neither of you could even name a song that they sang.
I've got to tell you what to talk about.
I have the greatest tips.
I love them.
I bet the bass player.
Neither of us could name a song that they sang.
You had to look it up.
I knew you looked it up.
Yeah, I did look it up.
I didn't lie about that.
I couldn't do it in a second.
But if you give me about three seconds, those are all gigantic hits.
What a day for a day.
We love and spoonful.
We're big, man.
I've heard you.
I love them.
They did this to you.
You're thinking right now what a dottering old fart.
I'm supposed to know all those old groups.
I can tell you Glenn Miller and the Rudy Valley and Amrico Caruso and Al Jolson and all these old old...
A zillion years before I was born even some of these people were popular.
And that doesn't mean I like their music or that I listen to their music.
I thought I did like Al Jolson.
But at least I know who they were.
If you're going to know your music, you're going to know everybody.
All right, Mr. I told you I heard those two songs that you played.
I just haven't heard of them.
So anyway, what about the Tampa Bay dolphin game?
Well, that's going to be a...
It's going to be easy to play.
Just like the England at Miami game.
I forget what data was.
November 13, I believe.
It's going to be unlucky 13 for Miami.
There ain't no November 13 plan on the field for them.
Even with him, it would be just a shellacking.
But you people continue talking to yourselves and you're like, oh man, we're two and one.
We're two and one.
We're two and one.
We're just small and something, all right.
So speaking of that, the biggest story by far, forgetting about dead people in Iraq and hurricanes and ball games and stuff like that.
As a matter of fact, there it is.
Look at my timing.
Oh, if there's anything in the world I care about less, I can't imagine what it might be.
Actress to me, more an Ashton Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi were married Saturday,
camping their celebrated two-year-long older woman-younger band relationship,
two celebrity-fag magazines reported yesterday.
Isn't that exciting?
I think CNN just has the news on there as people are on the edge of their seats,
grabbing themselves in each other.
Representatives for Kuchikuchi, 27 and more 42,
I couldn't care if he would have married Gary Moore, who's still dead by the way.
You're very high.
Don't give me that who, Gary, you're a toddler Moore.
No, I said, oops, because we said it the same time.
But both us, Rick and people magazine reported on the websites,
a couple of Murray and L.A. on Saturday, and it was just on CNN,
so there's a chance that it might be true.
Anybody here, anybody with a life, give a flying crap about either one of them.
By the way, I'm sorry if we don't care about that whole Tom and Katie Holmes things
seem to have just disappeared, and nobody hears anything from that anymore.
Hey, Tommy! You're fair, Rick!
Rumor is that that whole Scientology thing is freaking her out.
Really?
Oh, doesn't she rely on you? She was going to be a captive member.
I think she's coming around.
She's going to be kidnapped.
US Weekly, or I'm sorry, us Weekly reported that the wedding was attended by about
100 of the couple's friends, including 100 of their friends.
I'm sure of their closest personal friends.
You have 100 friends?
About 100 acquaintances, maybe.
But yeah, friends.
Including Moore's second husband, Bruce Willis.
Also at the wedding, we're actress Lucy Liu.
And we got an eight-kneickan picture on our B2W curtain today.
And Moore's three daughters from a marriage to Willis.
Moore, who started in Ghost GI, Jane and the strip T's first began dating the younger Kuchi Kuh in 2003.
Just as she was making a high, and guess what?
She also found out that he doesn't have a...
But making a highly publicized return to the screen is a high-kicking villain in Charlie's Angels Full Throttle, and then hit the bottle.
Kuchi, whose break came as a star on TV's That 70s Show, is co-creator of the MTV Reality Show Punked figures.
His films include Guess Who in 2005, and Dude wears my car in 2000,
one of the great pieces of cinematography in American history.
Oh, yeah.
It was the first marriage for Kuchi and Third for Moore.
She was married to an 80-date Florida rock musician Freddie Moore, and from 87 to 2002, the anxious Bruce Willis.
People magazine said Kuchi and Moore met at a dinner in New York City in 2003.
After Kuchi began dating Moore, the magazine said he quickly carved out a place in the lives of her three daughters by Willis.
Rumor, rumor, rumor, rumor, 17, scout 14.
Oh, by the way, speaking of rumor, I saw a little bit of that columnist Chicago-wise submission game last night,
and remember sound like he had learned justice again.
Oh, boy.
Who came to embrace Kuchi as a third parent affectionately calling him a mod short for my other dad.
The relationship between Moore and Kuchi has been seen by someone Hollywood as evident.
Did I say that?
Someone Hollywood as evident as a liberating new trend in which older American women are dating younger men,
challenging the traditional convention of Maley Simmer.
Like this is something new, right?
This is something really new, and uh,
and I don't really like seeing that picture of Lynn Samuel's on her website with that bag from, uh, from, uh, Sirius.
They used to be on the, uh, John, the Daily Show.
What else is naming in Freddie Acaro?
Do you know who that is?
I don't.
Josh?
I don't think so.
Flamboyant, the screaming queen, big bald head, thinks he's funny, I kinda guys.
That's Sirius Radio, and I was gonna show on there.
And if you go to Lynn Samuel's website, there's a picture of me in Frank Caron.
I look on there, oh, here she is with another bag.
What is with that?
That just, uh, I don't know.
That bugs me more than almost anything in the world, these baghags.
What is the deal with that?
What is their propensity to be like, uh, attracted to that?
I'm not just talking about the gay people, but the screaming, flaming queens like Miss Fudge,
who fair with that one, like self-hating, uh, Nazi.
Maybe he and Hitler did have something in common, you know what?
I'm for what you told me, Eric.
Now getting to the good, oh yeah, I saw it came across this movie last night on Out TV,
which said, you have that there, probably not.
I have it in my flippance.
Oh, but anyway, it was, uh, a British documentary called, was Hitler gay.
Was Hitler gay?
And, uh, sure, a lot of evidence in there indicates yes.
Ava Brownbite was a lot more mucher than he was, I think.
Here's the fact this is I really enjoy Angelian Jolie in the basement for you.
Please explain what inspired it.
Uh, by the way, please put French Canadians on your pool.
Oh yeah, and then loving, okay, this is, I think, I know who this is.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, huh?
Let's get a call or two on here so that the audience thinks we're going to take a lot of calls today.
We might, because this pool, I don't think needs a lot of building.
We can put French Canadians on here.
Let's give it a shot.
Hey, here you go.
I need frogs.
Come in to QAAM.
Neil, how are you?
Sir, let me, before I get to my point about that action kitchen.
Coochie poo?
Yeah.
Who cares?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I was pleased more to that way.
Uh, it wasn't really mercy and I better than the Demi Moore.
I don't know what you think.
What was why?
It was really mercy.
Uh, he was, I think he was engaged to her before he met Demi Moore.
Yeah.
He was a match that's very, very beautiful.
Very, very.
I don't think he was, uh, what do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I don't know.
He was a meal beard.
Yeah.
I don't know if he caught a last week.
And if you, uh, for those of us, the people who time that Jeff Deyen was the only plant, um,
that press court, did you guys, when, when, uh, Bush was, oh, he had to a reporter that there wasn't even there.
They, uh, they looked down on a piece of paper.
He was reading and called out.
And it was, it was, it was a Bianca.
He goes, uh, Bianca, let me take your questions.
It wasn't even, she wasn't even there.
Now he's trying to be anca-jager.
She's a big fan of his.
Oh my god.
I didn't know.
Okay.
I can't understand where.
What was he talking about?
He had a pound of mushrooms.
Nothing.
That's what I thought.
No, I think he had a pound of mushrooms.
A good guy though.
He's, uh, certainly all whipped up into a frenzy.
That's good on a Monday morning.
He had a Monday morning.
See, there's the mamas and the poppers.
Same genre.
Love and spool and fool, right?
Right.
Same era.
Same era.
Five hundred and fifteen votes.
And it's just coming up to 11 o'clock now.
I tell you one thing, either we got the, I think stick in the pool there at the top is what's putting this over the top, don't you?
Yes, sure.
Thanks to Josh for coming up with a really good idea.
He said it was Eric's fault.
I was James Way down there at the bottom of that damn era.
Ten, fifty, seven.
Yeah.
God.
This is the Neal Roger show.
Hey stupid.
This is your blame.
Go, go, go, go.
Any question?
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
James, that's why you're the best, mate.
He thought his expectations to win it.
They were getting too close to the towel, had his body shot and picked this all up over.
Who was there?
We're talking about pushing the sword, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
If they told it this is what we're talking about,
he's gonna die.
We'll never be a bench.
Push your brain, watch, fucking.
Also, fuck, stupid.
You'll put a back in of a gun, get one, the fuck up.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Absolutely.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Push it to the side, he's gonna die.
Is that your wish to foundation a warrior, Bob?
Governor Perdue of George, I thought I did a show some leadership.
Heck of a job, Governor.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
541 votes, biggest problem with South Florida.
Too much hate, 130.
The Cubans 130, it did flat footed tie.
The driver's 55, he's in humidity 53.
New Yorkers 44.
The publicist's 42, too many old parts 36.
I should have a lot more votes.
Oh, brother.
I should have a trillion votes.
Talk about a screwed up demographic,
where the median age is death plus 20.
Hurricane's in tornadoes 33.
Nothing, it's paradise 17 in French Canadians.
Solamente uno.
Solamente uno.
Let's see, K says,
did anybody watch 60 minutes last night?
Yes, I was just talking about that K.
And if you see K, by the way, I tell her, hi.
Oh, man, oh, man.
Uh-oh, what?
I was just sitting on my balls.
I see.
Did anyone watch 60 minutes last night?
Did you see the guy in a crowd during the Pakistan report playing with himself?
Surely, everyone knew what it was.
Well, see that?
Maybe that's something symbolic about that.
I did not see that.
How do you like that?
Maybe there was something some livable about that K,
or maybe K was just hoping she saw that.
Quite frankly.
I mean, he's just...
Packing it.
Anyway, getting back to that straight panic in the streets, baby.
Leave the lizard and vades Florida.
Oh, you've got to look at this.
It's in the hero on the hero website.
There's a picture there.
You've got to see the picture.
Oh, you've been seeing lots of iguanas around the backyard lately.
This big?
They're pretty big, but the iguanas aren't like killer lizards?
No.
I hear it's the night of the iguana, myself.
Excellent.
Love and spoonful.
Santa Bell.
The invader...
I got news for you.
Actually, some of the spelling syrups on there are some of the most amusing stuff we've got.
You know what I'm saying?
Who gives a crap about John Sebastian?
Love and spoonful.
They were good.
They were fine.
I mean, they were like very mellow and low-key and kind of like a slush and...
Oh, that's pop music.
No, that's not rock.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
Smucks.
Santa Bell.
The invader arrived furtively almost certainly by sea.
Tucking skinny little arms into a slender body.
It propelled itself with its ridge tail.
A well-muscled rudder through the waters from neighboring Cape Coral or Pine Island
biologists believe.
And here it is now, just as the experts feared, a carnivorous dagger clawed razor tooth
African monitor lizard that knows no Florida predators, running a muck in a fragile
nature preserve filled with nestlings and delectable bird and turtle eggs.
We did consider offering a reward, but we didn't want people to bring them from elsewhere.
Said Judy Zamora.
I wonder if she's kind of interested in spelled the same way.
Oh, Judy Zamora.
Not Judy Zamora.
Remember, Roni Zamora?
He's out now.
Yes, it is.
I just go on, Ellis.
Judy Zamora, a city manager for Santa Bell on the Southwest Gulf Coast, which posted
lizard's mug on his website and cautioned that no infant humans be left alone.
We're very concerned, yes.
Thank you.
She said, the Nile monitor lizard is cousin of the voracious Commodo dragon, the same
kind that attacked Akra Sharon Stone's then husband in 2001 and has been the scourge
of Cape Coral for years.
I'll be damned.
I didn't know that.
Did you know that?
What part?
Commodo dragon and Cape Coral?
No.
Well, of course, who now goes to Cape Coral except a bunch of real old, old, farce, much
older than even me and Hank and Moe and Eddie?
God, are we old, Joel, huh?
Half a dozen have also been spotted on nearby Pine Island.
That's not Pylon in the road.
That's the island.
Oh, they're on Pine Island Road.
There's a whole bunch of dragons running around.
Probably with those white hats on, you know?
Barely two miles from by sea from Santa Bell.
And likely where the unwelcome newcomer pushed off.
I don't think we can say that, can we?
Not in the world.
Not from being vegetarians.
These lizards can eat clams, fish, birds, mice, rats, spiders, snakes, snails, possibly
marsh rabbits.
What else a marsh rabbit?
Well, they're a little damper than a regular rabbit.
I'll be damned.
Whatever they can fit into their mouths.
I wonder if that's their name after Joe Mars Jr.
Basically, anything they can catch they eat at Grand Coden, the University of Florida
doctoral student in wildlife biology.
Oh, you know who else was on last night on that special thing they had with the Brian
Norcross?
Well, he was just in there for a minute.
But what's his name from the Azoo?
What's it they run McGill?
Ron McGill was on there from the zoo.
And he and his wife were hiding under the drain, and they were hiding under the mattress,
thinking that they were going to die.
And she was pregnant at the time.
He's a good guy, Ron McGill is.
In fact, you know something I never played that, and I'm sure I'll forget to play it later.
So how about if I just play that thing?
Do it.
Do it now.
Hi, this is Ron McGill from Monty Metro Zoo.
And I listened to that, Neil Rogers wanted two hours.
Hell, let's eat him better than sex with the animals.
Sounds like Ron's got his own bunch of trained monkeys, you know?
That seems to be going around.
Cape Cray residents tell locals they've reported to climb the number of feral cats and fear
for their pet safety.
Oh my goodness, okay, keep your pets and kids inside.
At least one lizard has been spotted, dining on a tiny endangered burrowing owl.
There's also the possibility of lizards remember where the, where rookies are year after
year, what else is a rookery?
The best.
And that, like their commoto cousins, they hunt in packs.
Oh no.
I can just see a whole pack of them come out of the university drive.
In fact, I can see them going like Easton sunrise Boulevard, the sunrise lakes.
The creature is recent arrival on the center.
Well, no one was photographed, hiding them across the backyard.
One of them was raised considerable alarm because 70% of the animals they nature sanctuary,
the setting also confirmed a troubling southward migration of the monitor lizard albeit one long
anticipated biologists.
They're here.
They're here.
It's been up to British were coming, but now lizards.
Good.
If somebody saw one animal, there's probably more.
This has been my biggest fear all along that they spread south said Tom Campbell, a biologist
at University of Tampa, and a monitor lizard eradication program in Cape Coral.
Campbell had it that he'd be surprised if the monitor lizards when I already established
in South Florida.
There's been a lot of sightings down there.
He said, Nile monitor lizards were first recorded reported in Cape Coral a decade or so,
going quickly, flourished in and along the city's 400 odd miles of canals.
Officials suspected they were first loosed by ill intention reptile freighters or unsuspecting
pet owners, startled at their hand size, hashtling, grew into an ornery 30 pound, 7 foot long
adult.
The lizards' current population in Cape Coral is estimated more than a thousand, and when
they nested, they around 60 eggs, they reproduced faster than, well, filled in the blank.
There are a lot of them you can put in there, faster than your people.
We're back to that again.
I don't know, we handle that on Friday.
Yeah.
Solomon Thadeauce, where's that douce?
566 votes on that poll.
We got a shot at 600 today during the show.
It's only 10 after 11.
What's that schedule look like this week?
Looks kind of pristine and clean to me, although Friday, Hank said, oh, he's going to be doing
a show Friday from New York.
He didn't tell me that.
He said he was going to New York, but he's doing a show Friday from New York.
Well, if Moe can do it, right?
If Moe can, the Humper can, and the Candyman can.
We got Moe to two, it says here.
I don't know from the local or from New York or from hunger, where he's going to be.
Mad Dog at four.
I'm sure he'll be a boon over the dolphin, surprising victory, shocking win over the
much-overweighted Carolina Panthers yesterday.
Marlins on deck at 630.
Anybody care about the Marlins anymore?
No.
No.
Well, I tell you, this town is so fast to jump on an off-fand wagon.
It's about the fastest.
The only time they move faster is when the early bird opens.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
On the Marlins, they choked in a stretch and they stink, and they have an all-a-a-sauce
squabbles, and they got it.
You see that thing, Josh about the AJ Burnett and McKeein getting to it?
Yeah, he ripped them.
You know?
He ripped me.
I'd be mad too if I'd been stuck in the last part of the season.
Yeah.
Well, they're letting up their frustration now because when the chips were down, they
really fooled it up like an accordion.
Hey, you can't win it every year.
You know, you can't real places they support their teams.
I think just to show what a real great sports town it is, I think the public should turn
out in droves tonight for that Washington National's Florida Marlins.
You at the PP Park right down the street there?
No.
What do you say?
What's your prediction?
Okay, I'm the announced attendance for tonight.
About 17,000?
Well, announced or what?
How many people I think are real?
Not real.
I mean, I'm talking about the fandom crowd.
The crowd?
I'll go with 22.
22?
People are 1,000.
22?
Oh, man.
The Washington Nats.
I'll be honest with you.
I mean, there's what?
60 Nats?
Yeah.
The Nats are only, I think, a pair, a couple behind the Marlins.
Well, it doesn't really matter anymore.
No, it doesn't matter.
It's just the idea that it would be embarrassing to finish behind the first year Washington
Nats formally be exposed.
And then, in any case, I was the baseball game.
That's our award-winning Christine lineup here on QA.
And it looks like we're coming back to like, abnormal here this week.
We're coming back onto it and into it.
571 votes.
We better have 600 before 1115, or my name is Squat.
Never happened.
But yeah, let's start pushing them.
Okay.
I mean, we did like almost 3,000 over the weekend.
And most of them were real.
You people that, uh, that, uh,
that, uh, that, uh,
creeped us with journey over the weekend.
We like to send your ass on a journey.
Okay, a long journey.
Put them on a space shuttle.
Of all the groups to pick, you know, or,
when you think maybe it was for real.
Yeah.
Maybe the journey fan club got wind of our pool.
And they decided to hop on it.
Probably not speaking to hop on it.
I will.
I will.
Why?
Put the person in, do the job.
Oh, man.
You had to see the picture that went along with that audio.
You had to see, I mean, I'm glad I didn't.
That story we had about his drinking again.
I have no doubts.
Plus, it was in the inquiries.
So it's probably two in the first place.
But I mean, this, you talk about coming unglued and tattooed
and, uh, strongly brewed.
Appreciate you asking that question.
Yeah, I bet.
Here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford
from Armstrong, Ford at Homestead.
They've always treated everybody like family.
And now they want to extend an offer to you to join their family.
Ford nationally has extended their Ford family plan a few more days
through September the 30th.
About 30, man.
And right now at Armstrong, Ford at Homestead,
you get the same grade pricing that every Ford Motor Company
employee and their families begin.
Not only do you get employee family pricing, but just still also get
Armstrong Ford's unbelievable, exclusive tires and batteries
for life program.
And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you also get on top
of this a color TV for free.
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up the phone and call David Richardson 305 247 51 12.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else in town.
No games, no playing games with your credit cards, your keys,
no bait and Swiss, no phone deals.
This fantastic offer is waiting for you only at Armstrong,
Ford at Homestead where they always treat everybody like family.
Armstrong Ford is at US 1 Southwest 307 Street,
just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else in town.
We'll bet fat boys life on it.
Check them on the web, armstrongcars.com, and give David a call at 305 247 51 12.
And ask David Rich about the Ford family plan today.
Grab a few miles extra and save yourself thousands and
constituents at Armstrong, Ford of Homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
The MOU.
Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown.
Accountable for everybody, Brown and Brown.
As a human being.
I don't think it's a point, but I got a Brown nose and I know it's where I pointed.
There was no runs, you get them say.
They don't vote for public hand anyway.
I did everything I possibly can.
This reminds of Ford.
For the crew of the plan.
Oh what a job I had.
And the vector of people.
When I was much more than a weaselie skimmer.
And the flu is son of a bitch.
Kids' skigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
Kids' skigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone.
With W said I did one heck of a job.
Manage your pays off.
To be a Brown and another white man.
The Christian, Bony, the National Guard is down them down.
With artists just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is pinky paint.
All the hurricane gave us a big easy.
For neoconsomcial and to me.
Like a giant republic, it's waging.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we lack.
It serves the right to have this black.
And you descend to say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have a black.
In the first place, this is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that the hurricanes are caught by games.
Who are not the right gonna all mow?
Like Stady McLean and Carl Roll.
Oh, we're achieving the America's right wing dream.
You make everybody white like me.
And the ignorant son of a bitch.
Who gets his job from no to no rich.
Oh, how I've been standing by you, rainy and horses.
I'd rather you that than watch floating horses on the negligent murderer now.
And I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
I'll be negligent murderer now.
But I'll keep going down to keep finals ground.
Now.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace, right here.
Yellow mace.
Yellow mace.
The hippies.
Yellow mace and yellow heart.
What is the name of your man.
So what if they wouldn't change their shoes,
I really do it just that I was kicked out by Haley.
I'll have to leave you, honey.
Thank God, short hair.
Thank a short hair.
Who does?
The T. L. is that short hair?
Oh, you say short hair.
You mean like, Ryan, see, crash short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
That doesn't make it short hair.
I don't need that, honey.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm about a seven or eleven.
Never eleven?
Yes.
Can you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry world.
I just think, I think it's your slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey.
My aliens are the blue van.
Aliens drop a blue van.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
What kind of van is it?
It's a god of van.
It's a van.
It's a van.
I'm not going to stay at the seven or eleven.
You don't want to burn me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
I'm done with the energy.
Bye-bye.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Bye.
I love you.
I love you.
Love is 22 and I found the water.
How come I played a pair of horses?
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
I was in the car.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
The man also shot and killed the teacher's driver.
I was going to say I wonder if Dover Downs is in Dover, but it's in Dover, Delaware.
As you probably know, they got slotted there by the way they were out of gigantic purses.
In the beginning members of the Dover area school district board wrangled over what should be required in their high school biology curriculum.
Some were adamant that science teachers should stick with the widely taught theory of evolution and random solution.
Others said that teaching of intelligent design should also be required, arguing that certain elements of life like self-structure are best explained by an intelligent cause.
What cockroaches somebody really intelligent invented them.
They got that hard shell even when you step on them.
You have to step on them like three, four, a whole bunch of times.
The debate had strong religious overtones nearly two thousand years ago.
Someone died on a cross for us and board member William Buckingham.
I bet you Jai Stone know the Buckingham's.
Kind of a drag.
Don't you remember that song by the Buckingham's kind of a drag kind of a...
Huh?
Don't remember that?
Yeah, what else for a member?
Maybe another hit.
Said board member William Buckingham who urged his colleague Susan.
There it is.
Susan, I think you're losing.
And you're getting ready for a bruise in anyway.
Nearly two thousand years ago somebody died on a cross for us.
That's what a ridiculous concept said.
Board member William Buckingham who urged his colleagues to include intelligent design and ninth grade science classes.
Shouldn't we have the courage to step up for him?
And it's got him with a small h in this which surprises me.
Although it is from Smirking's champion over his heathens.
Yeah, they probably decapitalized it.
Today a trial begins over the...
Don't make a capital case out of a way.
Today a trial begins over the board's decision last year ordering that students be taught about intelligent design and the flaws in Charles Darwin's theories.
Several parents fearing the intrusion of religion into public schooling filed a lawsuit to block the policy back by the ACA.
The ACA, the ACA, is a legal attorney.
Activists on both sides believe the stakes are high in the case which is divided into small roll town about a hundred miles west of Philadelphia.
The proceedings in a Harrisburg and by the way Rodney Harrison gets into the S.D. and the Patriots still win.
How do you like that?
He's one of our main men.
You do know that, don't you?
Well, he wasn't the only one.
And they got a whole bunch, yeah.
And he still kicked ass.
The proceedings in a Harrisburg federal court will be the first legal challenge to the mandatory teaching of intelligent design which is championed by a growing number of crazy,
mainly a Christian fundamentalist, a bunch of dangerous people, a bunch of lunatics, a bunch of far-bicin, as the Chinese call them.
The verdict to be rendered by US District Judge John E. Jones, the turd,
could have a profound impact on America's cultural wars over religion and its role in public life.
Witnesses are expected to debate whether the intelligent design, contention, is scientifically valid, or a Trojan horse designed to subvert Darwin's theories.
We're fighting for the first amendment to separation of church and state, the integrity of schools that tilted off the attorney Eric Rothschild,
who was teaming up with a battery of Pennsylvania AC and U-Lawyers to argue the case.
This trial should decide whether school board can impose its religious views on other students.
The statement on intelligence designed to prove that over school board was read to 9th grade science students in January,
and will be read again this year in part, it reads in part,
because Darwin's theory is a theory, it continues to be tested as new evidence is discovered.
The theory is not a fact.
Gapson theory exists for which there is no evidence, intelligent design is an explanation of the origin of life that differs from Darwin,
with respect to any theory students have encouraged to keep an open mind.
Not, don't believe these lunatics, these religions, these God-squad, they're crazy people, okay?
They make up a bunch of belongings so they can control your mind and grab your money, and brainwash your ass, and the rest of you to someday.
Just take a look at all those people doffiting and all those Muslim kids that are in those damn madrasas,
and they're rocking back and forth and then they get down on their hands and knees and stick their nose in the eyes,
ass and front of them on those magic carpets.
What kind of mania is the way the lunacy?
Not to mention, of course, those orthodox Jews throw and bricks at those women at the wailing wall.
Well, I guess those bricks are good for something, right?
There you go.
Remember that song by Nancy Sinatra, these bricks are made for even?
Yes.
Several days after the board's sister's revoked approving the intelligent design resolution of three to setting members reside in protest,
in November to opposing Slates will vie for seven open seats on the board,
one backing the teaching of intelligent design, the other strongly opposed.
Board members and their allies also believe that freedoms are at stake.
They've blasted the ACLU for seeking a gag order on what teachers can say.
They're gagging on it.
The issue is bubbling under the surface all over the country,
but the Dober Board had the courage of their convictions, said Richard Thompson,
chief counsel for the Michigan-based Thomas Moore Law Center, a bunch of far-bison.
William, the center promotes and defends the religious freedoms of Christians.
He said in this hand-win case, pro bono, pro-sony bono.
If all this sounds eerily reminiscent of another case on evolution, it is 80 years ago.
80 years ago, are we making some progress or what?
You know, Leafs.
80 years ago, the Scopes trial and date and Tennessee with those trained monkeys tested the legality of a state law banning the teaching of evolution,
that case which inspired the play movie and hereth the wind,
featured an epic courtroom confrontation between attorney Clarence Dero,
who was played by, was it Charles Lawton, who played Clarence Dero?
I forget.
I look at him.
Was it Paul Muni?
Who was it?
Scott Muni, puny Scott Muni.
Between attorney Clarence Dero, he's against the law and former Democratic presidential candidate, William Jennings Bryant,
no relation to Anita, who defended the statute.
You know, he lost three times.
I think he's the only one ever, ran three times and lost three times,
William Jennings, Anita Bryant.
Although teacher John Scopes was convicted of violating the law, the state supreme court leader overturned a verdict,
suspended a sentence.
Suspended a sentence.
As in Dayton, Dover's policies have been royaled.
The pages of very newspapers have been filled with letters pro and con,
and the national media have increasingly focused on the case.
But there's one notable voice missing from the free.
The Discover Institute, an influential Seattle-based organization that backs the intelligence design argument,
is not supported in the Dover Board.
We oppose any effort to require the teaching of intelligence as I said,
John G. West, senior fellow at the Institute.
This is a sideshow where Paul Tissley is trying to hijack and mandate it, he added,
saying that the institute is also appalled that the ACLU is attempting to block the teaching of intelligence design with a gag order.
Residents of Dover appear sharply divided as the school board.
The only thing they seem to agree is on the growing media coverage is becoming really a terrorist that's getting ponderous.
So who do you want to know who played who?
Who played in the movie and heard the wind who played Florence Dero.
Well, Spencer Taser, the...
Spencer Taser plays in the movie.
Henry Drummond.
Yeah, he didn't play Florence Dero.
He was in that movie, though.
Well, who played Florence Dero?
I don't even see him on here.
How could that be?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, they didn't use the real names.
Right. Got Frederick Marks, Gene Kelly.
Right.
Dick York.
Team Kelly. Now, is he dancing in that one or not?
Four minutes to noon at 5.60, at the QAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
If we've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina,
it's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown.
What can Brown do for you now?
Apparently nothing.
And that's what's left of the Gold Coast.
Nothing.
Master David, come call!
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government.
But you've created so much red tape,
the victims won't receive it till Marty Brown.
Show Michael Brown your hood!
When all is said and done,
you will lose your job faster than you can say,
E-Cola.
Ow!
And if there's any justice in this world,
you'll be calling the Houston Asterdome home, too.
Rehound set a cop now!
So we salute you.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Your clipboard, your stupid Navy Blue Themear shirt,
and your comeover.
You, our real American A-holes.
730 votes.
530, man!
On that poll, the biggest problem with South Florida is
the Cubans 167.
Too much hate, 160.
The driver's 79,
heat and humidity 74,
politics is 59,
New York is 58,
too many old parts 50,
hurricanes and tornadoes 48,
nothing it's paradise 28, 3.8%.
People don't have been anywhere else, I guess.
Our French Canadians for Gloria Steph on three.
And Journey so far has got to big.
Oh, wait till the big Journey fan club finds out.
They'll go zoom into the top, OK?
I'm sure.
I'm positive.
Now, I just got to mentioning before about the media
and their work coverage, and here we are again.
Here's Cameron Perst,
Louisiana on CNN,
and they're hockin' and hockin' and hockin' again about,
you know what I mean?
Granted, it's a few mongers' story.
And what's MSNBC?
Oh, they got the guys standing in their New Orleans,
Ron Blom, and he's, we got water up to his Olympic,
and there's Ron Reagan Jr., the Bahéirani.
You're fair.
The Ebelly dancer.
But for example, this weekend,
you might not know that there were hundreds of thousands
protesting in the war in Iraq.
That's all right.
Two seconds of it on the news.
I didn't see any seconds.
I didn't see first seconds or thirds about this story.
Nothing.
And of course, anytime people are protesting,
they've highlighted the feature of it on the American media.
No.
No, of course not,
because it's not good for the establishment.
It's not good for business.
More than 100,000 protesters fled to Washington Saturday,
the stage dual demonstrations against the U.S.
led war in Iraq and economic globalization,
before coming together to demand that President Bush
brings the troops home.
Now, look at that.
There's a line missing from this story.
I had it like that.
Cindy She and the anti-war protesters,
some of which killed in fighting in Iraq,
was there camping out in Crawford, Texas during much of August,
while Bush was vacationing there.
Her rallies drew crowds that sometimes numbered in the hundreds
as she demanded a meeting with Bush.
Will be the checks and balances on this out of control
criminal government, she and said, was becoming anti-war's best known face.
She told the crowd gathered at the ellipse,
a park behind the White House.
In LA, about 15,000 people protested peacefully,
while thousands marched in San Francisco and in London,
urging an end to military action nearly 30 months.
But 30 men.
After an invasion of the Sodom Hussein,
the crowds in Washington swell throughout today,
and by late afternoon organizers of the demonstration said
300,000 people of the semblance were exceeding the anticipated
100,000.
Meanwhile, the counter-demonstration,
boy, did they draw some people or what?
You know how many?
How many?
About 400.
Support for U.S. troops fighting abroad mixed with
anger toward anti-war demonstrators at home,
as hundreds of people far fewer than organized and expected
rallyed Sunday on the National Mall,
just tens of just days after hundreds of thousands
protested against the war on Saturday.
No matter what your ideals are, our sons and daughters are fighting
for our freedoms and Maryland fats,
who drove from New York, New Jersey, to attend the rally,
were making a mockery out of this all we need
and we need to stay united, but we're not.
That's right, just go step in line, sweetheart.
That's what Adolf said, hey, Adolf, you're fairy.
About 400 people, what a protest, what a...
You could get that many in a phone booth on the corner there,
right by Chuck's sub-center, right here in the
drop place there, it's mortared.
They were waiting for their drugs.
About 400, that's the not a Chuck's that's right up the street
a little bit, by the barbershop.
About 400 people get the newer stage on an eastern segment of the mall,
a large, packed-work American flag serving as a backdrop,
amid banners and signs proclaiming support for the U.S. troops,
several speakers hail the upper-devying democracy to a
racquet of Afghanistan, aid to announce those who protested.
Many demonstrators focused their irons in the Shien,
because she's evil.
She's an evil dude, we're not allowed to stuff,
because she tells them what they don't want to hear.
The truth is that your kids are dying for nothing.
They don't want to say those things because it's bad for business
and bad for oil prices, too.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for these bargain-basement oil
prices and for padding America on its collective heads.
And would have nice address you made before when he went,
but it would have moved, but that one was great, that thing.
I potted up there, what was that?
That was perfect.
That was unbelievable.
That was one of the all-time worst.
747, a great plane to fly,
but an interesting number on our pool.
We're going to make a thousand like it was falling off the edge of a cliff.
You know what?
Speaking of great leaving,
surely still don't have any.
747 boats.
567, let's take a lot of calls between now and two.
I don't want to sit here and start reading a whole bunch of crap,
because then I'll get ripped into newspapers again,
jiggle, make up another skating letter,
and then he'll go on some station that has been invented yet
and ripped me an ass.
Rates my heart, Tommy.
Here I thought you were my buddy, my pal,
my little pocket socket, rocket.
Where's he?
He's kind of like Smolman.
You're like a stick him in your pocket like Maddie Bell, you know?
Turns out to be a real mean spirited bald headed geek.
Somebody QIM, hello?
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir?
Spire report from the March on Saturday.
I was up there this weekend.
Yeah.
And yeah, they were there were 300,000 people there.
It was jam packed.
That'd be more than happy to send Georgia.
You guys some photos that I took if you want to check it out.
Yeah, we believe you.
There was a rally right before the March on the ellipse.
And just there were so many people that was spilling down,
if anybody knows DC down past the monument,
along where a long constitution had to.
Then the March took place and I mean the streets were jam packed.
And that speaker's like great pal is there.
We're really well organized.
And you're right, the news even in DC.
I mean the hurricane we knew you know it was going to overshadow it.
But just there was absolutely no coverage of it.
But it was happening and I'll send George to the QAM site.
Some pictures of the oil.
Okay, great.
Thanks a lot pal.
I'm a lot of your side.
Neil, you're right.
I'm sorry.
Whatever it is.
You know where to go.
Okay, what's this thing you're sending me now?
Brian and Pompato, so you should glory as Stefan's votes being
clear with the Cubans on your full.
Now she's a separate category all under herself.
He's evil on.
And see here we go again with a mo bashing for adding individuals mo should be added.
I say no on mo he'll leave him off of this one.
No, mo no mo not today until we find out where he is then we'll rip him and ask.
Here's a fact that says from Eric if the schools have to teach an alternative theory of evolution.
Why not also teach the alternative theory of history that says the Holocaust never existed.
The Nazis supporting intelligence as I should really go for that since it was just those
sending Jews rounded up and executed and the Lord is going to slaughter them anyway
during the rupture and rapture.
That's a good point.
What was the Jews and the fags and the gypsies and all these other under-derribles.
You know, Hitler was that blonde haired blue eyed race.
I saw a movie I did I mentioned this on the air not.
I don't know.
I told you about it.
Yeah, the ice I said.
Oh, you made it.
What's Hitler gay?
Briefly.
Yeah.
Not that you know anybody ought to be proud of that but that seems to go with the territory
with him and that Eva Brown was a real bull die.
She was just a beard.
She was to Hitler what Angelina Jolie is or who's the other one?
A Margot Kitter who are all the other ones that Tom Cruise is supposed to have married.
Oh, Mimi Rogers.
Oh, Mimi, oh Mimi screaming Mimi.
Yeah, with a huge giant Tom.
She wasn't the other screamer in that family.
Well, whatever.
It's all just a bunch of bull crap.
And of course Katie Sherlock Holmes.
But and speaking of the anti-Cindy Sheen movement man, I'm telling you, they're really the pro-erach war people are really coming through.
An extraordinary appeal to Americans from the Bush administration for money to help pay for the reconstructive Iraq.
Guess how much it's raised?
Eight bucks.
Six hundred dollars.
Woo!
This is an article in the UK Observer.
Yet since the appeal was launched earlier this month the nations revealed new Orleans have attracted hundreds of millions of dollars.
I think it's almost 900 million now from the Red Cross.
So it's over a billion if you put all your...
And by the way, the Red Cross we got a scheming article about them.
I put on the website.
And correctly so.
And you're probably saying, well how can you put the thing up on you at the banner ed?
Well, we got to do something, you know.
That's the best I can do.
But I'm still very elirier of the Red Cross especially after 9-11, especially knowing about the bureaucratic waste.
And especially knowing about the gall they had to say, well we only, yeah, we saved a couple hundred million off on the side so we can use that for fighting the war on terrorism.
What else the Red Cross got to do with the war on terrorism and politics?
He might have had it.
Anyway, the public's reluctance to contribute much more than the cross to two iPods to the administration's attempt to offer citizens a further stake in building a free and prosperous Iraq has been seized on by critics.
And evidence of a growing ambivalence over Iraq.
This coincides with concern over the increasing cost of the war more than 30 billion has been appropriated for the reconstruction initially America's overseas aid agency, USAID, expected a cost tax fair is more than 1.7 billion.
But now it's asking the public if they want to contribute even more money.
No thanks.
I gave it to your office.
By the way, John, should you get that thing?
I got it.
Okay. Is it working?
I don't know.
Let me try.
It's understood to be the first time that the US government's made the appeal to taxpayers for foreign aid money.
Contributors have no way of knowing who received their donations or even where they may go.
After official said details had to be kept secret for security reasons.
USAID's header layman denied it was disappointed with a meager summaries after a fortnight.
Every little help she says.
In the past 12 months, American well, we know about that.
$600 for the Bushshire charity fund.
Wow.
Yes!
The plus rebuild Iraq.
Don't you want to help rebuild Iraq?
No.
You're doing it every time you go to the against station.
Actually what you're up doing is help the Saudi princes get more cocaine.
More that white powder.
It is just absolutely unacceptable what's going on.
And the media sits back.
But it will.
And we see all these guys waiting up to their armpits and water and standing out there in the blowing and raining.
And you know, a big deal.
We're unimpressed.
We're non-plus.
We're disgusted.
Just fed up.
The media is pathetic.
Every one of you in the media.
And I know like I said, all the networks have Miami bureaus and CNN with your damn Miami bureau.
Except for our friend what's her name.
Everybody else that CNN should die.
We could death.
And also Jack Cafferty.
We like him.
Susan Cafferty.
Except for those two.
The rest of them, especially that Mrs. Limbaugh.
That turned coat bitch.
And those bubble heads they have on it.
Sky Miles O'Brien.
And that's so late, Dad.
Oh God.
And what is this now with this butch look?
They got the CNN caps on.
They got the hair back in a ponytail or in a bun.
You know, what is that?
That's the action news look.
Oh, I see.
It sends me to action.
It sends me right to my button.
I want to see read a cause.
They want to see her drown in the Orleans.
Oh God.
I paid big money to see that.
In fact, maybe we can stick her in a bathtub with Glenn Close.
Maybe they have a good time in there.
You never know.
1213 at 560 WQA.
And what was the other movie in the bathtub?
Oh, it was in the...
The...
The technical movie.
Which work.
Where the...
Where the broad comes out of the bathtub.
The one that was so bad.
Oh, the shiny.
And then she turns up like a 800 year old shoe.
Oh, anyway, when you're shopping for shoes,
comfort fit and bargains is what it's all about.
And of course, if you're looking for a combination of all of the above,
get over to Brandy Shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes.
Brandy's carries a humongous, unbeatable selection of all the top brands in the shoe business.
Whatever brand you like, they got it.
Rockports, floor shim, new balance, Mephisto, SAS, and Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure
you got a customized fit.
That's the most important part of your favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price.
And if Brandy's chances are, you're always going to find the style you like in your size on the shelf
or in your life on your feet.
The pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort, and Brandy's even specializes in wide wits as well.
Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere for comfort, style, fit, value, and selection.
Brandy Shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poverty, Wheat's Open Daily,
Monday through Saturday to Lines and Sundays till 5 at all this week at Brandy's.
Take advantage of the crew and sale on women's naturalizers,
Roch Amerson and Trotters.
Selected styles only 25 bucks.
Come in or visit them on the website, do your shoe shopping online at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q-A-S.
Are you among the millions suffering from tension, stress, or occasional boredom?
Well now there's help.
With Wheat from 420 Pharmaceuticals, ask your doctor if Wheat is right for you.
Possible side effects of Wheat include coughing, wheezing cotton, sudden thirst, high eyes, giggling, rambling, hunger pangs,
a deeper appreciation of cartoon, slag-y, spleen frisbee, and downloading fish concerts from 1997.
Relaxation is in the bag with Wheat.
You can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this split vent hope.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun, just be good.
You'll take care of lots of earth in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until you're lost and like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists on me here and say,
God, nothing like this in the USA, they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this split vent hope.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun, just be good.
Mama tell her son you are an astounding man.
You like to smoke, the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
The bite the earth, will you bite the ounce of the palm?
Rastaman, say to her, Mama, you're right.
The gun, just be good.
Tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
You're fair.
They light up this split vent hope.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're tons of people.
Club 21 is 560 WDQM.
800 votes on a poll, it's only 1221.
How do you like that?
The biggest problem with South Florida is the Cubans,
85, too much 870.
The driver's 89, he's the human of the 81, the politician's 68.
How about we put on there, the near Roger show?
Okay, that'll get a lot of votes.
Sure.
New York is 84 too many old parts 53.
Hurricanes in tornadoes 51.
Nothing, it's terrorized.
Look how many votes that's got.
About 30, man.
3.7% of people have just never been out of a North and Palm Beach.
North of the Dave Howard line.
French Kennedy is five glorious stephands got four.
And Journey so far has got the big.
What does that tell you, huh?
You see, even if Journey was like, if it would have been legit the other day.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So obvious, the Jeepers creepers were really tired of the creepers.
But go ahead and have a field day.
Have a blast.
Eric is making a fortune from that.
He is making the big bucks.
Doug Thompson from Capital Hill, the blue dot com,
George's favorite website.
Although I think you like his columns.
Which by the way, your password worked.
That's fine.
See, there you go.
Don't forget that password by the way.
Let's get to what's his name in there.
Crescan or if I could buddy the hip, what's the guy's name?
The hip noisest guy.
Bert Tannen.
Alright.
Bert Tannen.
Wonderful guy.
He does great work.
But he's so boring.
I wonder if he puts you to sleep, man.
He's more boring than Mepho.
Rats jump off a sinking ship called Bush, right, Doug Thompson.
Maybe that's what's on your roof.
Maybe it's all a rats run from the sinking ship.
I mean, I'm attested with Republicans.
Could be.
Especially in Hollywood.
All the exterminator.
The only Democrats in Hollywood are the old Jews.
And of course now that my mother is out voting on the other side.
That's how he hears this.
But you miss her.
Don't you?
No.
Then we did get that lunch.
I bring you a pardon.
Oh, she was going to have you for lunch?
I told you.
Why?
I mean, to bring me to lunch.
Well, just catch your blessings.
OK.
If you haven't been nagged enough in your life and maybe you miss her.
Oh, boy.
Have I?
That's why I said it.
OK.
In fact, there used to be a big sign on her front door.
It says nagging is be us.
That's how he hears this.
The Stampede Republicans writing like hell from George W. Bush.
The GOP faithful head for the exits.
Finally aware that the close association with the president
and his failed presidency could spell doom for them in the midterm elections next year.
Absolutely.
Conservatives lead the rats off the sinking ship.
They've had enough to Bush's big spending budget-busting annex.
Conservatives have long been worried about federal finances.
It says Republican Tom Fini of Florida.
Now that we're starting a frustration and anger.
Republicans who joined the friends either approved record amounts of aid
for victims of Hurricane Katrina.
Now realize they give Bush a blank check without any notion of how intense to pay the bill.
It would be nice if he'd at least give us some idea of how he intends to finance
Gulf Coast rebuilding.
Said Republican Senator Conrad Burns of Montana.
Vision is lacking.
Said GOP Senator Ralph Void of Itch of Ohio.
We're floundering.
We're floundering over here.
Even flippers embarrassed.
How's Luke Alpin doing?
Oh, he's fine.
Republican strategists complain that GOP dissatisfaction with Bush is reaching
epidemic proportions.
Senior Republicans in mid-private respect to season GOP candidates distance themselves from Bush.
There are so many Bush naysayers because of Iraq.
There's a piling on effect going on complains of Republican consultant Chris
the Pino of New Haven, Connecticut.
The what?
The Pino.
Bush's troubles of course lead Democrats gleefully hoping to gain seats in Congress during the mid-term elections.
And possibly take the White House back in 2008, wouldn't that be great?
Oh, at least it be an improvement.
I don't think we agree great, but we need anything else.
Anything but Bush, no more ban and B, maybe no more Bush.
Bush's troubles of course lead Democrats gleefully hoping to gain seats in Congress.
During the mid-term elections, I just got to read that sentence.
Just as representative ramen manual chairman of the House Democratic Campaign Committee.
I think there's a lot of anger we're gaining because of that.
We could blow it.
They can gain ground they've lost, but there's a big shift going on.
And I think if you take that one letter out of there, it's the same.
You know, careful.
You can smell it.
It's in the water and everywhere.
What's where you shift?
Well, anger over the Iraq war contributed to the growing dissatisfaction with Bush.
It was the Katrina Fulbar that pushed most over the age.
The breaking of the Bush spell opens the way for leaders of both parties to declare their independence
and shape a more appropriate national agenda where it's commenced EJD on the Washington Post.
It's good we played civil lawsuit today, probably pissed D on off.
The federal budget already MSB4 Katrina is now a laughable document.
Finding a way forward in and out of a rack will require creativity from those not implicated in the administration's mistakes.
And if ever the phrase reinventing government had relevance, it is now that we've observed the performance of a government that allows political hacks to push aside the professionals.
Such as FEMA.
Oh my God.
People's lives, life and death hanging in a bounce and they got brownie hound on their...
I mean, an absolute top.
And the Arabian horse asked is what he was.
And the Arabian horses asked.
And of course there are a lot of those, especially the Saudi Arabian horses' asses.
Concludes D on, the Bush era is over.
The sooner politicians in both parties realize that the better for them and the country, recent months have brought home to them a steadily growing majority of Americans
that President Bush's government doesn't work.
His policies are failing. His approach to leadership is detached and self-indulgent.
His way of politics is provided for a reduced-day divided angry and dysfunctional public square where we dare not go on like this.
It seems everyone knows that George W. Bush's did meet.
Everyone of course except George W. Bush.
A real pain in the push.
26 past noon, only that five people found dead in the department in Bolmont, Texas.
They apparently suffocated from generator fumes.
Watch out for your generator now.
You know we go through that over and over.
You'll be human about it.
What do you mean by that?
We've only got 100 labels stuck all over the freaking generator.
You use only outdoors.
You use only outdoors.
You use only outdoors.
Well maybe these people couldn't read.
Well.
Uh-huh.
27 past noon at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm speaking of bad weather.
For years I've been talking to dry concepts.
It is the best carpet cleaning company in the universe.
But they can also do lots of other things for you.
They can save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars in other areas as well.
Dry concepts can also do for you.
Fantastic, great pre-cleaning.
A post-reliather furniture restoration.
Matt Chris cleaning, oriental rug cleaning,
petal treatments and water damage as well,
especially if you got a big jolt from the hurricanes.
Dry damage can also clean and restore your talent.
Grab quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts, professional staff is always improving to serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented.
And during this month, during September, we should take advantage of their summer sys or number two package
and water damage special.
Dry concepts, the best in the business I've used in over 20 years.
It's a pleasure to do business with them.
No games, no BS, no tack ons at the end of the job.
They give you a written guaranteed price right up front before they start doing their fantastic job.
So from carpet cleaning to talent, grab cleaning,
it's the only place you ought to be thinking about.
Dry concepts and date-broward and the Palm Beach is called the Tool Free,
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web.
Dry-concepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA Rock Solid.
Absolutely.
I guess he was right.
We meant when he said he never used a pistilized wire.
He's walking a type of wire, refusing to admit slave.
When it comes time to retire, wonder if Robbie will be able to do it.
I'll tell you what, by the way, Raffy showed up.
I wonder if, really, on his really proud of Raffy.
He said, hey, I'll go home.
Bye-bye.
This Firefox is staring to really frost my ass.
How many times have I had to reboot this computer
because this freezes up when I try to print a story out?
Fuck third man.
As much as I love Mozilla Firefox and hate Internet Explorer,
it just got certain things.
Maybe it's allergic to the hero, like I can understand that.
I can't understand the New York Times, but the hero anybody can understand that, right?
Right.
Aren't you allergic to the hero?
I'm so allergic to it.
I can't understand that.
I don't get it.
No, no.
Here we go.
I wish I could not get the Sun Sentinel.
L-Sensinel.
Yeah, what is that all about?
I don't know.
It's really because of the...
You're in that house, maybe they know there's a spik inside.
It's litter.
I don't want it, and it's on my yard, so it's litter.
I'm going to give it all back to them.
Yeah.
I'm going to save all the money.
I don't understand.
What does the Sun Sentinel have to do with L-Herald?
No, then it just reminded me.
They have a Spanish language publication, and they're throwing that in my backyard.
Oh, I see. That's what they're putting in.
They're L-Sentinel.
I don't want any language.
I don't want L-Sentinel on my yard.
Yeah, quit loitering his yard, and quit.
Did you call inside radio, by the way, Josh?
Oh, no, you might not have to give me that number again.
Okay.
I don't feel like faxing it, too.
Oh, gee, I hope I didn't smit-can, and I guess I did.
Oh, boy.
That would be bad.
I'll just dump it.
I'll let you know what I got.
Well, can't you find it?
No.
Come on, make it ever.
No, I don't have it.
I wrote it on a little post, even if it gave us that.
Fuck, gave it that, organized.
I got it.
Where else?
Now what, it will do before the show tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow will be my last day of getting awakened early in the morning
by page after page of insimpant crap coming over my fax machine
from Tom Taylor and inside radio.
Hey, Tom, just go away, okay?
It's the only time in my life I've ever gotten like a service
that I don't want anymore.
Well, no, it's the same thing with the paper, like you said.
I don't want it no more.
Well, too bad. Here it is again.
I don't want it.
Too bad you got it.
And all that crap, there is nothing.
The only reason I subscribed in case anybody missed it was it last week?
Or the week before it?
And we got those arumors from the beast about Greg Reed is leaving at the end of the year
and it turned out it was an inside radio.
And so I had to subscribe to get it.
And that seems to be the thing nowadays.
Oh, you have to subscribe to read this.
You have to pay to get-
What is that? Why?
That's how they get you.
What do you mean why?
Well, what do you mean that's how they get you?
They have something you want and they're going to be paid for it, right?
Yeah, well, that's why I say when I hear that every morning, Oivey,
it's hard of it.
Nautious.
And all they write about is crap about the NAB, the National Association of Broadcasters of Spinalists.
Oh, cowards.
God, they are the worst, the NAB.
Can't complain about the balls of most of the broadcasters in America because they ain't got any.
They're old smoothies.
I know that smoothies are very big right now and they're good for you.
Never have a banana smoothie.
Not lately.
I like mango.
Oh, mango.
Fah.
Bro, it's mango.
Next you're going to say guava.
I love guava.
857 votes on this freaking pool today, man.
They are all over it and Journey still has got the big thing.
I guess the Journey crowd, the Freepers, they were just down there over the weekend.
It's like the thing with the beaten curtain, you know, the people who are with the naked pictures.
They're all gone.
Those college punks and all those other idiots out there.
Just desperate to see a naked picture.
Oh, man, look at that.
Haven't you ever seen a naked woman for Christ's sake, a hot-looking naked woman?
Hold on, this past two minutes.
Oh, yeah.
I know comment.
I could say so.
I'm not saying a word.
So remind me about that before the show tomorrow about Inside Radio and Tom Taylor.
Call him up and bitch him out.
Call him up and just read him an ass.
See, Neil is going to just rip you like crazy for a day after day and talk about your incestuous relationship with the NAV.
Tom, you quizzling.
You do fairy.
Let's take a bunch of calls.
Okay, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60, and leave a resident singular wireless lines.
Let's think about a hundred between nine to a clock.
What do you say?
We still don't have the word on mo.
I also never got any feedback from deaf about my paycheck.
I'm going to tell you that if that check doesn't show up today and at the box yesterday today.
Let's see.
I'll see you in December.
Remember that song?
See you in December.
Yeah.
See, one thing I know this may be crazy.
But every payday, you shouldn't have to have spilfies.
You shouldn't have to have a nervous stomach worrying whether your check is going to show up or not.
You know, you're a cover.
I know it's a very unique concept, but wouldn't you think that it would be possible that payday could come and go and be like,
just like clockwork, you know, just like falling out of bed in the morning every day,
just like the sun showing up in the sky once in a while.
You think that payday would be automatic.
Not a QAM, not with the beeslees.
Oh, well, this one did this and this one left it sitting on the counter and this one there has a finger up her nose or somewhere.
WQAM, hello.
Freedom calls me here.
Where's mom?
WQAM, hello.
All this crying.
Definitely bringing up.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
I'd like to say that George did a great job and does a great job when you're welcome back.
Kind of a little late for that.
Yeah, a couple things.
The Cindy Sheehan, you know, when I first heard about her, what she had brought up was,
were there under, you know, bad intelligence and we should just walk away and then all of a sudden she changed to,
he's a liar, which then doesn't work, but then shut her up.
I mean, it's like, you know, my wife's a bitch.
I don't call her.
Well, what do you mean it doesn't work?
There are 300,000 people protesting in New York and thousands all over the world and doesn't, what do you mean it doesn't work?
But all the conservatives are saying all the arguments against Sheehan is the fact that she's calling him a liar.
You know, something, whether it was John Kerry, who, you know, no matter who it is that criticizes all the whistleblowers,
smear and smear.
That's what's going to happen to you.
If you are the scientists, all the other people that have taken issue with the positions of this bunch of Nazis,
they're going to smear and smear anyway.
It doesn't make any difference, but she's got a big pair of, she's got a lot of people on her bandwagon.
No, I think it's great, but he's got a lot of people on her bandwagon.
He's got a freaking liar and he has to be called liar and you're wrong about the conservatives because all the polls are showing that even in the article,
I just read by Doug Thompson, they're jumping off man like he's got the plague.
Well, that's great. Yeah, I heard that article.
They're running away as fast as they can, man, and God bless America.
Or what do you used to be America? Remember America? I remember it.
Yeah, what do you hear?
The biggest problem, I'm not going to read the poll.
The thing with the Cubans. They're obsessed with Cubans. The Cubans in the Anglos and the Schwarzenegger and this one and that one.
Everybody, hey, that's the correct answer. Too much hate.
It's right on the Cubans ass.
182, Cubans 199, too much hate 182.
And that's because you people all hate each other. And that's the truth.
Yeah.
Bit, I might just have to play that. Everybody hates somebody. That's South Florida.
That's the theme song for South Florida.
Bleh, bleh, bleh, bleh, bleh, how negative can we be?
How much hate they call me negative? I'm Mr. Euphoria compared to you folks.
Negative, hostile, and hateful.
And just like somebody was saying before.
I remember whether it was Josh Seder during the Cross or with Hank.
About last week, Hank said it about Ronnie Brown.
And last week he was the biggest vomit of bad draft pick.
And you know, what do they know?
All of a sudden, he is our hero. He is the best.
Now, phony is an 86 and a half dollar bill.
Okay, that's South Florida, man. Phony Baloney.
Remember that song, Boney Moroney? By Larry Williams?
Or was that short Fat Fanny?
Who did Boney Moroney?
I'll look it up.
No, I'll look it up.
Oh, this is bad news. I have bad news, boys and girls.
My billboard, top 40 book is a phone apart.
Because it weighs so much. Every time you pick it up, you know, it has a tendency to like fall in a part in trunks.
You know what I mean?
Right, I don't have that.
Well, there you do. You got one over there.
Boney Moroney? No.
You don't have one. That song.
Yeah.
Larry Williams, like I said, it got to be number 14 in 1957. Boney Moroney.
Oh, there was, like, a short Fat Fanny.
There's a music before 1960.
Oh, well, at least according to my computer.
Mine says for old you, Fags on it is what my book says on the cover.
True Fag.
Oh, 41.
Oh, there he goes with another one of them Cuban things.
Of course, Iliata was handed in, and I because the current district covers Key West.
Now she's the big gay right supporter to she's for gay marriage.
She's for everything.
Yeah, who are you?
Can honey you?
Boney Baloney?
How do you like your buddy?
A raffee now, sweetheart.
And Jose Cansoco?
How do you like all your boys?
You bitch.
You idiotic lunatic.
You maniac.
Iliata, my I still say let's put her in the box and bring you to the right and her back.
Right?
All right.
Let's make a deal.
Let's put her in box number three, any box.
But then again, it's your crowd man.
Oh no, she's wonderful.
She's wonderful.
Yeah, right.
She's all for it.
I guarantee you now she's got some heads turning.
Just like in real quick, they stopped talking about John Roberts.
He did pro bono work for that gay rights thing.
All of a sudden we didn't hear about that normal.
1242 at 560 WQA and the big shot.
What light presents real American hero?
Real American hero.
Today we salute you, Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate.
It's a filthy job and no one wants to do it except you.
And you're not afraid to get your hands dirty.
You Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate, drive up big brown truck.
But you're not delivering anything.
You were taking it away.
Because when the septic system starts to back up.
You back up your truck.
You whip out that big old hose.
Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate.
And suck, suck, suck that malodorous gravy.
But you're not done yet.
It's time to grab that long handled shovel scraper thingy.
And make sure nothing gets left behind.
Thank you, Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate.
For changing that giant 1200 gallon diaper.
That's very six inches below the lawn in the backyard.
So crack a cold butt light and pinch your toes to Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate.
A real American hero.
Mr. Septic Tank Sakarate.
And Heiser Flush, St. Paul Smith Missouri.
Make sure he has a fancy tube.
891 votes on a pool. How's that?
Nice.
Oh, unimpressed.
Well, whatever.
US Force to import bullets from Israel is troops who use 250,000 bullets for every rebel killed.
That's pretty good, Abe.
Let's do that 250,000 times.
US Force has acquired so many bullets in a racquet of Afghanistan estimated quarter of a million for every insurgent killed.
The American ammunition makers can't keep up with the man as a result.
The US is having to import supplies from Israel.
I don't like that.
What the hell are they doing with the bullets over in Israel anyway?
That much of gun knots?
Oh, that's right. The killin' those ragheads.
A government reports that US Force are now using 1.8 billion rounds of small arms ammunition a year.
1.8 billion.
The total is more than doubled in five years.
Largely as a result of the war in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as changes in military doctrine.
John Pike rhymes with bike.
Directed to the Washington Military Research Group Global Security dot org said that based on the GAO's figures,
US Force has expended around 6 billion bullets between 2002 and 2005.
How many evildoers have we said to their maker using bullets rather than bombs, he said?
I don't know.
If they don't do body counts, how can I?
But using these figures it works out at around 300,000 bullets per insurgent.
Let's round that down to a quarter of millions so that we're underestimating.
300,000 per insurgent.
Well, man.
Even Santino never got that many on the causeway.
We're all on the verge of 900.
You think we can make 1100 today?
If we really put on the big push, started grinding.
905, what was that?
And Journey still got the big weight to the journey vote start pouring in, man.
They're going to come in big bunches just like hemorrhoids.
Countdown to kick off with QM 7 to 9 o'clock tonight at the press room at 1233 Lincoln Road in South Beach.
Stop by for prizes, drink specials and watch Monday night football.
Kansas City will decimate Denver.
You take it to the bank that's 7 to 9 at the press room in South Beach with 560 QAM, your old Jew station.
Oh, man.
Chris says, thanks for the recommendation of the film, the hospital was great.
Right on, Chris, man, it's outstanding.
George C. Scott, one of his best performances.
And another one of Pat and Chasky's great.
Now, did you see that, Josh?
No.
Now, after your take on network, I'm a little bit reluctant to give you another patty Chasky flip.
But I'm a little reluctant to watch you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you know, sometimes people flirt things out.
I was just in the verge of saying I might go out to the, uh,
and send it email.
I mean, email.
I'll think about it.
I'll think about it.
If that paycheck shows up today on time, I was thinking they like putting together a package.
Maybe I'll go out there and buy that movie and FedEx at you.
And George, I'll send him my best wishes.
Maybe I'll even get you north by Northwest.
I'm in such a good mood.
Ooh.
How's that?
Alright?
Cosamazon.com.
You know, I'm not going to say it.
They're alright.
At least, at least when you order from them, you get the stuff.
It's just that, uh, I don't know.
Sometimes they're delivery.
And this story really cracks me up.
W. X. D. J. Morning Show, co-host and Ricky Santos, his co-host is Joe Ferrero.
Those are those real two hot DJs in the morning on X. D. J. supposedly.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're not listening to them religiously in the morning?
Whoop.
And Ricky Santos confirms to radio and records that his temperate left is getting an SBS's
tropical L. Soul to run for Mayor of Miami.
Or the L. Soul guys are ones that brought me by that humongous picture of what's his name?
Yes.
What is his name?
And Ricky.
No, it's not Enrique.
It's that, uh, I don't even know what his name is anymore.
It's a huge gigantic picture, some flash in a pan Cuban singer.
What's his name?
Yeah.
What is his name?
Spico Rico.
Spico Rico.
That's the guy.
I left it.
And I see here.
Here's what.
This is what bothers me about these stories.
I left the show while the elections are going on to make sure we're within the guidelines dictated by the FCC.
Santos says, see, that part is correct.
The response from the community has been massive and I didn't want people to accuse me of getting that supporter winning because of the show.
I wanted to do this the right way and that's why I decided to leave the show during this period of time.
Well, that's the only way.
You can't be on the air and run for office is how it's turned found out when it was going to run for governor or mayor of New York.
I think it was governor.
Remember that?
A few years ago.
Yeah, what did they say?
But you can't be on the air because if you are then every minute you run here, you have to give equal time to your opponents.
And I don't think so.
Santos also said that whether he wins or loses or returns to the WXDGA morning show, he is holding a press conference September the 30th.
And at 1.30 in the B.M. at 1600 South Forest H3 Miami to talk about his campaign and Ricky Santos, he wants to be mayor of Miami.
He's got to be only an improvement, I think.
Wouldn't you?
Oh, yeah, anything will help.
Got to be a major improvement.
El Sol, man.
No, they're okay.
Who is that guy in the picture?
Jerry Rivera.
That's what a memory, huh?
Wow.
You don't know Jerry Rivera from her all over here.
Didn't know him then and I don't know him now.
He was okay.
He couldn't see his weight of a paper sack. He looked alright.
And the picture, I mean, takes up to the level like a whole room practically in my house.
People, well, how come you got that on a wall because I can because somebody gave it to me?
916 votes. They're coming in and bunches and Jerry finally got one.
Oh, here comes the journey, man.
The journey crowd, when they hop on here, they're going to bust a bank.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I was just talking about that ratio of a quarter million votes to one.
Right.
I wonder how many of the rebels are using every time they shoot an American.
Because every time they shoot an American, they shoot an American.
Every time they shoot down a helicopter, they shoot one of our soldiers.
They say they got a lucky shot.
I wonder if they got Peter Raymer.
Maybe Alas on their side.
Could be.
Yeah.
Alright, Neil.
Thanks.
Maybe Alas is beaming in on it.
You know what I'm saying?
He grabs the whole area.
Oh, geez.
They're all magic bullets over there.
Go get them.
Can I check your heart out?
They're one of those bush people.
WDQ-YM, hello.
That's Alas.
Somebody Q-Y-M, hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Nick Louis.
I am listening to your show a long time ago when I was in Florida.
And it's been like four years in the North Carolina now.
I just wanted to call you guys.
You're in North Carolina.
I'm in North Carolina.
You guys are in the East of your radio.
I'll be there.
And Dan, say, Uncle, listen to you every day.
You're amazing.
You make how it's firm.
Looks like Martha Stewart.
Let me just say that right now.
But I wanted to call you.
We were talking about the hospitals a few minutes ago.
And I'm from New Jersey and they're butchers up there too.
They are butchers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My aunt can't even walk anymore next to them.
They call your toes off.
I'm in the net.
Yeah.
There are some of the bitches.
Let me tell you that now.
Man, have you ever seen that movie?
The hospital with George T. Scott?
No, I never saw that one.
I've taken one thing.
Since you've got that family personal horrible experience,
if I were you, I'd go out and rent it or buy it or steal it or something.
You'd really appreciate it.
It's great.
I might just do that.
Thank you very much.
Okay, Pally.
Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina.
That's right.
Yeah.
Let me change out to my uncle.
He's listening and I love you, man.
I'll see you soon.
Okay.
I'll be around.
Okay, no personal messages now, uncle.
I wonder if I uncle knows Mr. Red, do you think?
Hello.
Oh, we can do better than that.
There you can.
Good morning, they saw it where I may help you.
Hello.
Hello.
Good morning, they saw it where I may help you.
Hello.
I'm Mr. Red.
Yeah, but that's for the 80-minute time every time I play that.
But that's why I don't play it.
You got the worst Tony voice answering the phone.
And a lot of those, it's a real voice, like on that lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
1257.
Maybe I'll have to play that too, but in fact, I got a whole bunch of stuff I got to play that last hour.
Let's bring back that one to two hour.
Not Wednesdays, though.
Every day.
Yeah.
How about noon to two?
All right.
He's going.
I mean, he wants to hear nothing about what they know.
I mean, you know, when you got an operations manager who cries like a girl and you got a general manager who keeps telling you.
You know, threatening to believe and you got a program director who's like you and I've sent you.
Anybody seen him lately?
Yeah.
Can't even get an answer out of him.
You know, I mean, I'm trying to be a team player here, promote even the evil door there.
Is he in New York?
Is he in the studio?
You know, just give me an answer.
You know, you know, the query minds want to know these minor details.
And by the beat, by the beat, by the beat, by the beat.
But about you know, so I'm sure that my check-in is going to show up.
That he's probably in hiding.
He probably dropped the balls on that too.
Beasts in here and a headler doing that.
So run to two hour.
All right.
Can everybody a separate body all the time?
Just that so well done, Miss Foster?
For him I would face an anger in our skull.
Head to the nose.
Yes, yes.
Everybody, eight separate body all the time.
Right, eighties on a tolerance and fear.
Absolutely.
It's where his friends are, he's from the game.
And they don't want to be.
You'll find that they're added to quite sour.
With a machete they threaten to slice you to the bone.
Then in the grand life of a childward,
I though when does somebody call you madagome?
You feel it.
Have a great body.
Hey, have a fun and all the time.
I don't know how the eating vegetables are.
Found this in the freezer's walking from top of the old pizza.
942 vote on that poll, man.
I'm pretty impressed.
It takes a lot to impress this old queen, but nevertheless,
two votes for a journey.
There's still a lot to bottom of the poll, but I got to see it.
Yeah, not too impressive, but a little bit impressive.
Everybody does hate everybody.
That's the problem with South Florida.
The biggest problem is the Cuban's 213, too much hate 188.
The driver's 109, especially those Cuban and New Yorker
and whites and blacks and greens and Jews.
Heaten humanity 97, the politician's 80, New Yorker 74,
Hurricanes into tornado 67, too many old forts 59.
How was that possible?
I'm going to have to step up my assault on the old Yenthus again,
like I did years ago.
I'm going to have to start playing Hellendale Viceroy.
Seriously, what is that?
Too many old forts only 59?
I guess you people have been around, you know, like to almost any other real city in the world,
like mostly living and breathing people.
You see a few old forts modeling around.
But more so than living and breathing vibrant young and hung and beautiful people, you know.
There, it's just every other block is another condo complex.
If it isn't win more, it's 73 village.
If it's not the carriage hills, it's death hills, it's whatever it is.
Crap.
Nothing is paradise 32 of 3.3% of people.
Who need to be institutionalized immediately if not sooner.
32.
French Canadians 10.
Gloria Stephan 8.
The near Roger show 3.
This is definitely the problem.
And Journey's got a pair.
The show is absolutely the biggest problem.
If we just get this show off the year,
if we just tear down that transmitter, you know what?
Yeah.
Be real interested.
I haven't had no message or my phone rang once.
It was the package downstairs.
I'm sure that's some really funny stuff.
I'm sure.
Can we get any funny stuff in the mail?
All the turd.
Soldiers chilling testimony.
The
People's demonstrations against Iraq war.
A former American soldier was served in Iraq and filed for conscientious objector status.
Has given an extraordinary insight into the worth of the humanizing effects that helps explain why the British and American public has turned sharply against the occupation.
On the eve of large anti-war demonstrations in Washington London this weekend,
Hart Vegas told how indiscriminate fire from US troops is likely to have killed an untold number of Iraqi civilians.
Mr. Vegas, 29, said he was still haunted by the memories of what he experienced and urged the President to withdraw US troops from Iraq.
Please, I don't know how many of the incidents I killed with my mortar rounds, Mr. Vegas,
who served with the 82nd Airborne Division, said during a presentation last week at American University in Washington,
in bagged that I had days that I don't want to remember.
I tried to forget he had it.
Well, when you're firing 300 rounds, you know, like about a bay,
some people are going to die.
The rare insight into the chaos of the combat, including in the order to,
let me try it again because it's too important to mess around with.
The rare insight of the chaos of the combat, including in order to open a fire on all taxis in the cities of Samawa,
because it was believed that Iraqi forces were using them for transport,
comes as US supports of the war in Iraq slumps to an all-time low.
Post suggests that at least 60% now believe the war was wrong.
Mr. Bush's personal approval rate is also an array record low.
And his little speech he made there before about the energy thing,
he was a fumbling and fumping like as bad as he usually is,
this was an all-time low as well.
Embarrassing and humiliating, you almost felt sorry for him again almost.
The refineries with Kudal?
Bush's attitudes, British attitudes rather,
the Iraqi war have shown a nation divided over the decision to invade,
but by last October, the balance had tilted 46% to 40% toward an anti-war position.
Not since August of 68, the high point of the opposition to the war in Vietnam,
has been a majority of the people in America believe that an ongoing conflict was wrong.
That historic turning point in public opinion came seven months after North Vietnamese forces launched the devastating 10 offensive
as the divided Democratic Party convention in Chicago was choosing, unfortunately,
to over-hump for the Red and Gene McCarthy as its presidential candidate,
and 10,000 anti-war protesters fought pitch battles with police in the streets.
Now, in September 2005, campaigners say it's reached the point where opposition to the war
and the record has become a mainstream issue.
I certainly think they should encourage people to go to Washington,
participate in the peace demonstrations of Kathy Kelly,
a veteran campaigner in the group, voices in the wilderness.
The politicians are going to counter that these demonstrators just come to Washington for a day
and go back to their normal lives.
But I think now they're going to have to realize that when people are out of the street saying,
bring them home now, they're saying the same thing is what many voters think.
She added, my sense is that people are having a serious disillusionment
with any sense of competence with leaders of this country that makes many people afraid.
Oh no, be afraid.
And like I said, did you look at that lizard by the way?
Be afraid.
Yes, I saw it.
And nice.
Were it impressed?
Oh no, it's a nice lizard.
Yeah, over.
Got varmets in the backyard.
Wow, that is a big, mean-looking mother.
And I'm sure that when the Lord designed that one, he had something specific in mind.
Just like when he desired, fireflies and fruit flies and cockroaches and CT flies and mosquitoes,
he had something specific in mind, just aggravating us.
And don't forget the Lord is a perfect God.
He's perfect. He's omnipotent. He's omnipotent.
But his wrath shall wax hard.
You don't have to have like a real intellectual discussion about religion to just be bunked
because it's so idiotic on the face of it, like even a little child.
If you said, look at all the contradictions here.
Look at this stupidity.
God is perfect, but he seems to have all the floriables and all the defects that man is God.
So like I said last week, man invented God's in his own images.
And that's why God's wrath waxes hard.
And that's why God keeps talking about killing all your enemies, all of these things,
and stoning all your disobedient children in there.
They shall surely be stoned in that.
Sure.
And of course the kids don't call me surely.
Now let's see.
Oh, and here you go.
A group, and I got a couple of stories here.
The print is so small if I apologize in advance.
And if you saw the size of this print, if you had the Magnumision reading lenses and the Mount
Pellum Art Telescope, maybe you could read this.
But with my eagle eye, group list, 13 most corrupt in Congress.
A watchdog group naming what it calls the 13 most corrupt members of Congress is calling for ethics investigations
of some of the most prominent leaders on Capitol Hill in a report being released today.
Citizens for responsibility in ethics in Washington, that sounds like an asking moron to me.
Session it's report that the 13 members among them sent a majority leader, Bill Spist,
and House majority with Roy Blunt, Republican and Missouri, might have violated a variety of congressional ethics rules.
The bipartisan list includes three Californians, Representative Richard Pombo, Maxine Waters, and Randy Duke Cunningham.
Cunningham is one of two House members whose residences have been searched as part of separate federal criminal investigations.
The other representative, William J. Jefferson, Democrat Illusion, is also named on the watchdog groups list.
Three of those named on the list, Senator Conrad Burns, and Representative Bob May, and Tom Feney, a Florida, Tom Feney,
were cited for their dealings with one time Super Lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who is the subject of Congressional and Federal Jewry Grand Jury Investigations.
Abramoff was in debted last month on fraud charges relating to a Florida business deal and his pleaded nod guilty.
They all violated ethics rules, Melanie Sloan, the watchdog groups executive director, set of 13 members on the Congress list.
She criticized both political parties for what she said was fair due to police ethics.
They're all a bunch of crooks, okay? They're all a bunch of crooks.
You could put in a thimble, another like honest politicians you got. I'll name you one, and I like an S-Bobby Wexler, okay?
Open like Robert Wexler? Sure.
That's it. I'm trying to think of somebody else. You like anybody else? How about Dennis Gussinich?
We like little Dennis with a man here, pizza? What about that fine gold guy?
Nah.
Russ fine gold? Yeah.
Didn't he just vote to confirm a Roberts? Yes.
Oh, yeah. So like I said, so he wants to run from president.
What about the president?
He wants to run from president.
Ted Kennedy had put in there because he's got too much money to have to worry about graph.
The graph was in the past.
Oh, no, I saw a thing on a biography channel which I usually love about Old Man Joe Kennedy and oh brother.
Oh, he wasn't into vote lagging. They could get all the booze they wanted.
All the other crap. I have never seen such a white wash in my life.
Man, he should have had a group called gangsters B.S. Old Man Joe Kennedy plus of course he also figured Hitler never saw a freight train.
Not to mention of course all the fake folks in West Virginia, the Democratic primary in 1960 and the dead people have voted in Chicago when 1960 to put JFK over the top.
But nevertheless, there you go. There's a bunch of interesting stuff in here about Tom Delay, your buddy.
Yeah.
In a report titled Beyond Delay, the 13 most corrupt members of Congress, it's based on news articles.
Another document, the watchdog group says it made available to the LA Times.
The watchdog group has outspoken and criticizing Housemajority, the airtime delay for what they call his ethical lashes.
And is the media like focusing in on that?
Oh, they were worried big time about Baba and Demonica. That was heavy duty stuff man.
And Kenny star. I'm going to get your boy. Kenny star.
Seriously, you people in the media all the crap that's happening in America right now, it's in your lap man.
You got blood on your hands. You got big fat popping oozing bleeding hemorrhoids on her rise.
That's what's coming next. Just like you got face your back man.
This is 5.6.2.8.
That's a neat stop, Baba.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Hi, Debbie. I'm in the student games operations done.
Okay. And some body contouring and some lip oil suction.
And I was wondering if you get some tummy talk and lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery face that for all of these things.
And those wondering.
What was like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know if they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Layser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then if I'm looking at you we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Or should I make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay. Okay. Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay. Let me get a little information from you.
Okay. You might know me.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. Do you want to put the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I've got my skin suit in the boiler.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. I will talk to you in the time.
Okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
No.
975 vote, man.
By 130, we're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
We're going to have over 1,000 votes.
Sounds awfully familiar to the Rapture.
Did we talk about that, George?
We have in the past.
And, but I don't think I've seen it.
Here's the worst thing.
She starts the movie off as a swinger type.
Yeah.
And then, uh, she finds God.
And how crazy she becomes.
I'll be damned.
Just like one of George's wife-so-old lady friends
that he was telling me before the show today.
I think you should check it out.
Okay. I'm going to go and when I go over to buy those movies today,
I'll check it out.
Thank you. The Rapture with Mimi, a scream and Mimi Rogers.
Is it good?
Or did not?
No.
It's okay.
Don't-
It's worth the time.
Don't give it up the majority.
I think it'd be better off investing in North by Northwest.
She'd better off watching the three of Housel.
And three of Housel.
Yes, absolutely. Well, North by Northwest anyway.
I think- I think George would like the hospital better than network
because it's not- it's-
Number, it's not as long and it's, uh, you know, not as drawn out.
Well, how do you keep me awake, man?
That's the goal.
There you go. And of course, the price is right.
Anyway, Paul Krugman writes in New York Times,
find a brownie.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
A-Abrow Off or who had one of his own former employees go to work for him.
Grover Norquist, the powerful anti-tax lobbyist, is a one-degree man.
Mr. Norquist was Mr. Abrow Off's campaign manager when he ran for Chairman of the College Republican National Committee,
then became his executive director.
And don't this miss his kid stuff as Franklin Four explains in the New Republic,
the College Republican Organization pays serious salaries,
and has been a stepping stone for Lexibley atwater and Carl Rove.
Mr. Rove, by the way, is a two-degree man.
He hired Susan Ralston, Mr. Abraham Moss personal assistant,
his own personal assistant.
For those unfamiliar with what that means, Ms. Ralston became Mr. Rove's gatekeeper,
the person who determined who got to see the great man.
Tom Delay, the House Majority Leader, is also a two-degree man.
Tony Rudy, who worked for Mr. Delay in several capacities, left the work for Mr. Abrow Off.
Finally, so nobody should be considered a two-degree man on a kind of recently arrested Mr.
Safavian, who worked for both Abrow Off and Norquist, then went into the GSA and onto the White House
Office of Management and Budget, where he oversaw for Chairman of Policy.
But I'm not sure who gets credit for hiring Mr. Safavian.
Okay, enough joking to point out my game is what actually our research programs for
Enterprising Journalists is that all the scandals now surfacing our length,
something rotten in the state of the US government.
And the lesson of Hurricane Katrina is that a culture of cronies and encryption can have lethal
consequences. How did this, by some people, few people died?
Few people in Hungary got agitated, got all that out of their straight.
How did that, what do you think?
No thing.
Always looking for faults.
That's right, because the negative in this show is probably the biggest problem in South Florida.
993 votes will have a thousand by the bottom of the hour, and then after that you're on your own
journey four and your larger show six, we're on the bottom. Like that yogurt on the bottom, yeah?
What's that thing about the, what's out on the bottom yogurt?
Is that it?
Oh, trouser trout.
Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt, cherry, strawberry, banana, peach, blueberry.
Well, look out taste buds. Prepare yourself, palate for crudesons,
trout on the bottom yogurt.
Tired.
Tired on the bottom.
Tired on the bottom.
Tired on the bottom.
Tired on the bottom.
Crudesons, new trout on the bottom yogurt, combining to delicious attributes of yogurt with hearted
chunks of rainbow trout.
No frills, no gills, just great taste.
Crudesons, trout on the bottom yogurt, regular, and vi.
It's marginal.
Not great, but it kills you.
Yeah, but it mentions trout.
Oh, I see.
Here's your girlfriend again, one that you love so much, PSC, Lynd England.
Oh, I love girl.
Prosecutors in PSC, Lynd England's prison abuse case for trade,
her enclosing arguments today as an eager participant with a six sense of humor,
while the Petsitori's described her as a weak-minded pawn trying to appease a
sadistic boyfriend.
A jury of army officers was to start liberating the sac to known.
England, one of the most visible figures in the Abu Gharrab scandal,
faces up to 11 years in prison and convicted on seven counts of conspiracy and
malpourment and detainees at the Iraq prison in 2003.
Oh, stay out of stick around the inside.
Show up, Molly and the shape.
Jurors heard competing descriptions of the 22-year-old reservist from Fort
Aspie, West Virginia during closing arguments.
The accused knew what she was doing said,
Captain Chris Graveline, but I wonder if he's related to Dave Graveline?
A word prosecutor.
She was laughing and joking.
She is enjoying.
She is participating all for her own sick humor.
Captain Jonathan Chris, England's defense lawyer,
countered at England's actions,
what the B has, a private Charles Granger,
Jr., with whom she was having a romantic relationship.
Granger, then a corporal, has been labeled the abuse ringleader by prosecutors.
She was a follower.
She was an individual who was smitten with Granger,
Chris, said she just did whatever he wanted her to do.
I wonder if he's related to Quentin Crisp or Crispy Crisp,
who Graveline said any subservient statement felt
third-grader was not a legal excuse.
He had the same moral responsibility,
whether he were a leader or a follower, he said.
England's trial is the last word group of nine army reservists charged with
mistreating prisoners at Abu Gharrab.
Two others have been convicted, including Granger,
and their main six made de-applied deals.
Several days soldiers testified during England's trial.
Prosecutors used graphic photos of England to support their contention
that she was a key member of the abuse conspiracy,
including one of England holding a naked detainee on Oliish,
pointed at other prisoners in humiliating poses.
We've all seen them.
We've seen them all.
And you know what, nobody cares.
Oh, that was really shocking for a minute or two, you know?
Yeah.
And like, uh, well, what's on the desperate housewives next week?
And look at that weather in New Orleans again.
Oh, that's Florida.
Much of the rain, though, is modern in fact.
You see that for Walton Beach.
I think God is the odour Florida, man.
And you know, who's responsible?
The Jevster.
Jev Bush, it's that the generate family of his man,
the drunken son and the daughter with a, uh,
finger-opper nose and whatever else he can stick in there.
A thousand and one votes.
How do you like that, Jev?
This is a Jev New Verageress.
This is 5.6.2.8.
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, we've got the money from the daddy.
Oh, and it's my semi-glittle granny.
Yes.
We've been agenda that's grabbed me.
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
The Josea Fela.
Well, he's a presidential son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
He has the golden spoon.
He was born with the pizzazz.
So look out all you do.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, he'll give our people rights to Wally.
Whoa, I see the telehazzy Nazi.
Love of Evella.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad shoes.
Who never pays his dues?
My next year will all be shrews.
She's hard.
She's hard.
She's hard.
Any smoke between that race?
Against funny, but hey, why do you think they call it?
Cuba.
Victoria Lanyl Race.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Whoa, he'll give me the KKK Nazi.
Whoa, daddy's a telehazzy Nazi.
Love of Evella.
I got two more for the poll.
Come on, let's do stuff.
Too many redness.
Okay, and too many Bible thumbprints.
Let's go.
Okay.
I think those are both excellent.
And of course, there's some crossover in there,
but nevertheless, Rower Taxi drivers strike good for you.
You go, guys.
I'm all for those hand drivers.
And I can you imagine, because I know my cab driver here
has been whining and moaning about the price of gas.
In fact, the rumors here last Friday.
They had a crunch on all the gas stations for a couple hours.
Because the rumor mill started that it was going to be like two bucks a liter
with his eight bucks a gallon.
Yeah.
And so people were in panic buying.
They were topping off the tanks because they were.
There were all the rumors on the streets that it was going to be
with eight bucks a quarter.
And that's be true.
But nevertheless, it's over four bucks here.
Yeah.
The cab drivers are really taking it up the old record.
No, it's.
Rower County cab drivers went on strike this morning to protest
increased dispatch fees from the county's largest cab company
at time of record gas prices.
A crowd reportedly numbering in the hundreds
picketed the Rower County government's
Center in Fort Lauderdale.
The dispatches were calling for extra cabs to service the airport,
which depends on yellow cab for most of its taxis.
Last week, drivers demanded yellow cab drop recent increases
into spank fees, which the drivers came were designed to take advantage of recent
fair increases to county and I could to compensate for rising gas prices.
How do you like that?
So they're trying to stick it in those four cabs.
That's one job I would never want to have.
No way.
And of course, there are a lot of those drivers that I would never want to be in their cab too.
And I've been in many.
Oh boy.
I can tell you stories here.
I told you about the one I was falling asleep that night.
Coming back from Woodbine and I had many others.
There's one Indian guy who like he holds the steering wheel.
He's so nervous and so scared.
He holds the wheel so tight that it looks like he's going to have blood gripping out of it.
Great.
And the wheel too.
I mean, just terrified.
You know, and just swarming all over just at any rate.
Stay home is a good idea.
Yeah, be a shuttered.
Even there, it's not all that safe, but stay home.
Lock the doors from the outside.
Get there and make one of those little slots in the bottom of the door.
You know, where they can shove the food in.
You know, get the delivery.
I can get all kinds of delivery.
I can get Chinese delivered.
I can get the tagging, of course.
Whatever kind of food you'd be wanting.
I can get it.
I can get what's that horrible place.
Oh, I better not say that.
Like I said, moving a lot.
That's a really great place.
Where they got chicken and ribs.
What's that place because of an S?
Swiss shallot.
Oh, don't see it.
Okay, it's great.
They don't advertise on this station.
I mean, this business that we can't knock anybody out.
Come on.
We're not going to get joist again, are we?
Huh?
Have you ever eaten at the Swiss shallot?
My mother used to go there all the time.
I have never had the pleasure.
And I don't know why, because to me, it seems like strictly for goy.
David Lindorf and Counter Puncher.
I could take a few more calls here between now and two.
I just don't have time.
So I apologize ahead of time.
And maybe you even believe me.
I don't think so, but, you know, do they believe me?
No.
David Lindorf and Counter Punches says they fix oil prices, don't they?
And of course, the answer is.
Absolutely.
And thanks again, Mr. President.
He says there's so much propaganda, faith-based economic theorizing,
and civil ignorance and I have to answer on the question
of certain gasoline and oil prices in this country.
For heaven's sake, of course, there's collusion,
monopolistic behavior and price fixing in the oil industry.
It's the way this particular industry operates.
Start with OPEC, the gang of producers largely in the
thrall of major oil companies, which sets production quotas for
most of the major oil producing nations.
Then move to the large companies.
There used to be seven.
Now there are far fewer mega companies, thanks to mergers like Exxon,
Mobile, and BPMico.
Even when they were seven, those companies aren't really
functioning as an independent competitive enterprises.
And it's only gotten worth with increasing concentration.
Because refineries, offshore drilling platforms and pipelines are
gigantic multi-billion dollar capital projects,
a typical refineric can cost upwards of five billion dollars to build.
Most of our joint projects involve several oil companies,
while others lease the use of them.
And such a situation, all those elements of a business which are
normally closely held trade secrets,
important to maintaining competitive advantage,
inventories, crude reserves, pricing production rates,
relative mix of heating oil, low and high octane gas, etc.
are common knowledge.
It's not like a typical business, say, automobiles or TV sets,
where companies keep those kinds of numbers secret,
or if they collude and have to do it by meeting in secret
and agreeing on higher prices.
The executives of the oil industry never have to get together,
whether over a game of golf or in a back office.
They know all about each other's core operations without ever talking.
Collusion, not competition, is a way of life in this industry.
There's simply no way to use a competitive model,
we're explaining what happened to gas prices after the Katrina storm hit in New Orleans.
At best, 10% of production was shut down according to reports.
That's 10% of one quarter of US demand, a tiny amount.
Even if it were 10% of total demand,
because if we used import capability at the Louisiana port,
we're talking about 10% while gas prices rose 25 to 35% even more in some areas.
Not often mentioned in the same articles on this phenomenon,
was the fact that the world price of oil actually
fell by almost 10% over the same time period.
When the world oil prices rises, I notice I'm sure most readers also noticed
that the price at the pump is up the next day.
Sometimes the same day that the report comes out,
yet oil from places like Saudi Arabia and Kuwait takes months to go from the
well-hidden retail gas stations in the US.
Even oil from head out of the way,
let's say, it takes weeks to become gas at the station in the US.
What other product do you know of, or the retail price dumpsters immediately,
when the price of raw materials that goes into it goes up?
Does bread go up in the store the day that wheat prices kick up on a Chicago Merck?
Does candy go up in the store when the price of sugar rises on the comics?
Of course not.
Just gasoline in a home heating world.
So if more expensive crude oil doesn't actually physically get to the pump for months,
and the price of the pump goes up immediately,
who's pocketing that money in the meantime?
Hint, it's not your local gas station owner.
Just check out the stock prices of the oil companies,
and you'll have the correct answer.
In a competitive model, the kind Milton Friedman likes to sell them.
Rate companies like Sanoco and Exxon would keep their retail prices as low as possible
until cost-forth and to raise prices,
something that simply doesn't happen.
Indeed, it's a one-way argument.
When the per barrel, I'm sorry,
indeed, it's a one-way arrangement.
When the per barrel price of crude oil,
the price of the pump hangs on at its high level,
sometimes for weeks, but if crude goes up, so does the pump price.
Consumers can't shop for bargains because all gas stations behave the same way.
For the most part, though, it's not the stations that are doing this gouging.
Many of them aren't even independent businesses that are owned by the major companies,
but the oil companies themselves are doing it.
The money that results from this collusive and opalistic behavior,
in other words, is accruing to the oil companies and their stockholders.
The beauty of this arrangement, from the oil industry's perspective,
is that nobody can be fine or jailed for it.
Under US anti-trust law, it's not illegal to have collusive results.
The government would have to prove collusive intent,
and as long as the oil executive don't actually sit in the rumor teleconference,
and, expressly, conspired a collude on raising prices or cutting production,
that simply cannot be done.
If Congress and the White House were serious about combating price rigging,
coordinated production slowdowns, and artificial scar studies,
they'd be changing the anti-trust law so that the objective existence of
anti-competitive pricing and production will be illegal,
not just deliberate conspiring to fix prices.
A simple step would be just to make all the competitive information regarding production
and pricing of oil and oil products,
all the way from the well-head to the public.
After oil is the oil companies, all the way everything about each other's internal pricing and production,
there is no justification for keeping that information from the public.
Instead, we have exactly the opposite situation, of course.
Secret meetings via oil industry subsidized by as present executives of the oil industry,
where real collusive decisions were made.
Oil and energy are too crucial to the economy and people's daily lives
to allow them to remain the private domain of oil company executives,
and the oil man Bush and Cheney's name too,
who run this blood and oil administration.
But in South Florida, we do love the oily brewery.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-M.
A SOFARFOR like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a steamed father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense!
I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misneed.
Very well.
I am.
Oh, I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But isn't your pregnant and not married?
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors
I'll stone you today.
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
That's only be grounded.
No, I'm not grounded.
I must have you stoned.
It's the first ever.
Your focuses on a fundamentalist, an Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
Oh, it is in my wife's home.
I have something to tell you.
In the middle of the street.
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
I'll put it back, y'all, to collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stoned today.
No being as much.
So if I were alive to be a proxmate family
and they deal with them any problems, let's play with them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
You father.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is it, father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will not know this.
The guiding sheer.
The shot on location in fact, that era.
Thousands of sickening notes on a pole where I know.
What's wrong with South Florida?
Why is it such a piece of crap?
Anyway, here's a fact from Paige who says.
Since one of the horses Brownie was in charge, what is that?
Oh, I see those Arabian horses.
Couldn't have done a better job managing FEMA.
How about asking what are who could have done a better job
in an emergency?
Terry Shiveaux, Michael Jackson's chimp bubbles, Britney Spears,
Jessica Simpson, Lacey, Captain King, etc.
Okay, well, I'll put this in my pile.
Okay.
Also, it says, by the way, as the public service has told some
Louisiana fishermen complaining that the debris
wasn't lying to them to get them to go to go shrimping.
My advice do not eat anything into Orleans as paid.
Get your face from Iowa for the next two years, huh?
Yeah, good job.
All right, so much of it at great key John food.
No.
I got a good pulfer tomorrow already.
I'm not going to tell you what it is.
I'm not going to tip my cap, but I already got one.
How do you like that?
All right.
Talk about getting a hate of yourself.
And then that's the thing now.
If I can just come up with these polls every day, life is fine.
It's good to get ahead.
Count down to kick off with two M today from 79 PM.
At the press room at 12.33 Lincoln Road in South Beach.
Stop by for our usual very marginal and embarrassing QM prizes.
Along with drinks, specials, and marks Monday and F.A.B.A.L.
Kansas City, Denver.
I blow out.
At 79.00 at the press room in South Beach with 5.60 Q.A.M.
What's the Trent Green?
Right, that's the quarterback for Kansas City?
Yes.
He could play in my team right behind the Tommy Brady.
Not too close right behind.
The Red Cross Money Pit rights Richard Walden and the L.A.T.
Times that again, I'll say like I did at the beginning of the show, we got the banner on there
for the American Red Cross on our website to try to get people to donate.
And that's fine.
I did it a little bit reluctantly, but I know what else to put on there.
Did you?
No.
But I already did express many, many times my content for what they did after 9.11
and the fact that I'm real nervous about a lot of these organizations that have all this bureaucracy
and waste lot of your money.
Anyway, Richard Walden writes with Hurricane Rita now making news.
It's time for Americans to take a more disciplined look at their tremendous generosity.
As of last week, the American Red Cross reported and erased 826 million bucks in private funds for Hurricane Katrina victims.
The Chronicle of Philanthropy has the total figure of more than 1.2 billion for all relief groups reporting.
So the Red Cross received about 70% of all giving.
This percentage was no doubt bloated by FEMA's mystifying release to the media of the names of 19 faith-based charities.
Plus the Red Cross, Humane Society and three lesser-known groups to which the public should donate,
rather than a much wider group of established relief agencies.
This skewed giving the Red Cross would be justified if the organization had to pay the cost of the 300,000 people that is sheltered,
but FEMA and the affected states are reimbursing the Red Cross under pre-existing contracts for emergency sheltered other disaster services.
The existence of these contracts is no secret anyone but the American public.
The Red Cross carefully says it functions only by the grace of the American people, but people includes government, national and local,
but we've come to expect from a major disaster as a Red Cross media blitz.
The National Red Cross reports it's been $11 million last year on fundraising alone, and it's hard to escape the organization's warning of Armageddon if you don't call it an accredicard number,
or set a check or donate blood which it resails to the tune of more than $1.5 billion annually, part of its $3 billion in income.
In Southern California, we've had the spectacle of drive-by drop-offs of bags of money at public places such as the Rose Bowl,
massively promoted by local media, Hollywood studios and stars in corporate America, compete to make huge donations.
The Red Cross brand is platinum. It's fundraising vastly outruns its programs because it has very little or nothing to rescue survivors, provide direct medical care or rebuild houses.
After 9-11, the Red Cross collected more than a billion dollars, a record and philanthropic fundraising after disaster.
But the Red Cross could do little more than tracemacing people, help a handful of people in shelters, and provide food to firefighters, police, paramedics, and evacuation crews during that catastrophe.
When New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer asked for documentation of 9-11 expenditures, the Red Cross's response was that it is federally chartered and not answerable to state government regulators.
The clamor rose however when the media began dissecting Red Cross activities in 9-11 aftermath.
This resulted in the resignation of the organization's president and chief executive, Dr. Bernadine Healy, and the appointment of Senator, ex-Senator George Mitchell, of Maine to oversee its 9-11 fund and help clean up its image.
Funds were then pushed out the door, including millions to New York limo drivers, who said they lost income after 9-11 and Wapscale residents of Laura Manhattan to help pay their utility bills.
The organization also ran into trouble after the 89 San Francisco Bay Area earthquake when it was revealed that it planned to spend only a fraction of the millions of dollars it had collected in the area damaged by the earthquake.
When the Bay Area's mayor's found out they insisted that these funds be spent on housing, homeless shelters, and health clinics, the Red Cross had to waive for one time only its long-standing policy against funding not Red Cross groups.
Spare change, and there will be a lot of it this time, stays in a Red Cross national disaster account. This allows it to spend funds donated for one purpose on another one.
The Red Cross expects to raise more than $2 billion before Hurricane Katrina related giving subsides.
If it takes care of 300,000 people, that $7,000 per victim.
A doubt each victim on the Red Cross care will see more than a donut, and interview with a social worker in a short-term voucher for a cheap motel with a few miscellaneous items such as clothing and cooking pots thrown in.
The Red Cross has 3 million unpaid volunteers, 156,000 of whom said it says that the deployed in Hurricane Katrina are a solid of the Earth Americans.
But asking where all the privately collected money will go and how much Red Cross is building FEMA in the affected states is a legitimate question even if posed by the president of a small relief agency.
As Hurricane re-d dissipated, let me answer my unpopular question like this.
Giving so high a percentage of all donations to money agency that defies itself only as a first responder and not a rebuilder is not the wisest choice.
Americans ought to give a much larger share their generous charity to community foundations, grassroots nonprofit groups based on the affected communities, and large number of international brand name relief agencies with decades of expertise in rebuilding communities after disasters.
And then it says Richard Walden's presidency of Operation USA at 26-year-old International Disaster Relief Agency, based in LA.
Anybody ever heard that? Operation USA? No. No. You're going to send him any money? No.
That's how the Red Cross would like more of your money and they can do it with it and have a good time with it. Maybe somebody would get a donut and maybe a purple star in a jelly bee with flavored doughnut.
Maybe a crispy cream? Well, you know, there's something we don't hear anything about them anymore.
Okay. Bloom was off the rose and it wasn't just a low carb thing. His low carb thing is all over with that's dead meat. But it just ran its course when people began saying something after eating too many of them.
I'm dying of it. Okay. We got to load on our moe is moe in the building. Can somebody, uh, and we spied him? Have we seen him? Do you smell him? Is he there? I have no New Yorkers yet to find out during the break? Does anybody care?
This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty.
This is WQAM where they're fairy bill come all and they don't come any better than Todd Keller.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a
little bit more Make sure that someone to
億
Can All Right
said we don't want to do that. Don't set the bar too high, man. Don't set it too high.
1087 on the pole. I want to stir in a molemyster. He is live in the studio.
In the studio.
All right, back from New York, Grandpa Moe. And then we got the man dog at Ford at Marlinge
and that's a good big tune in the audience and a tremendous crowd at the stadium.
They're jumping off of that bandwagon. Man-fested new Missouri D-bag. The motion in that
is in town to play tomorrow's fall by the Eddie Campan Show. That's our kind of pristine line
of today. Biggest problem with South Florida is the Cubans 246. Too much hate to oh nine.
You see the cross over there? You see the connection? We hate the Cubans but there's too much hate.
Right. The driver's 120. Heaten humidity 114. The politicians. Let's see, you didn't put those
other ones on there, did you? Josh. Josh. Which one? Too many red necks and too many
Bible thumpers. Let's get those on here. Now, please just in the nicotine, man. The driver's 120.
Heaten humidity 114. The politicians 96 New Yorkers 88. Hercane's in tornado 75. Too many old
fired 67. That should have had a lot more. Too many nasty, hateful, miserable old Yentos.
Nothing. It's paradise. 36. Say it's absolutely paradise. 3.3%. Not too many.
French Canadians 11. Gloria Stefan 10. Journey had eight. And then he arrived your show.
Solomon Pace Sace. We only had six. So that should make us feel a huh? Only six people
that hit us like poison. Well, like I said, I'm thinking seven. Bye, bye, bye.
