Back from vacation today is the great Neil Rogers. Are you there? It used to be great
Well, you lost today not when we're not great. We're all in the toilet nice going Greg and Joyce
We've been having you figured it out. You're one of the few finished Jews
Yeah, stick of fork in his book. We're finished. We're finished. We're Scandinavian yet. We're done
It's been a nice run. We're done. Don't forget everybody go out and vote you get to 430 this afternoon
And all day tomorrow 7 to 7 vote yes
Do listen to our fat ass governor and all is propaganda from the Christian coalition and the Indians and all this other belonging
This is we know some both sides have run disgraceful campaigns
But the bottom line is this if you wait if you're for fun and entertainment and
Information that do which our governor is against education which the poll shows that the overwhelming majority of people in South Florida
That's the number one priority money for education
Yeah
Not a very nice thing. Why don't we even if money but none of it stays here?
And believe me even if none of it's gonna stay there a part of it's gonna stay you know over the state not enough
Well
Something is better than nothing. Yeah
But you know what if this thing passes this governor has a history with the bullet train with the class size
Vogue you know he he rejects everything that the people want and
You don't want to listen to the red state people. This is your chance to stand up and vote vote for what you want
Instead of having people run your wife or Greg Reed getting lynched. That's what I say and Joyce
Like can we have a package deal a package a package lynching you weren't happy with the trends
You haven't lost it man
By the way a little footnote to rich passing way by the way to top and oh far. Yeah
He had in his pocket he had a winning pick for ticket
So he went out of winner a compound part. I mean it's a horrible story
Yeah, you know, you know some of when when Jimmy the Greek
die we went to a funeral and
Put a couple of hundred dollar mutual tickets from high alia inside the coffin. So yeah, something to think with them
But he was still was oh nice very nice. Yeah, I'm sorry. I had to pick on a guy when he's dead
You know what I'm sorry about rich I
Last week I did good guy, but he was in denial. He was really fat
And he had all kinds of hard problems and you know you can only full mother nature so long
But he was a great guy with a big heart. Wow. I know
I love that very sad story nobody talks about me. You'll chuck Thompson day
You know I did a whole thing on Chuck earlier
When I was working at JNO in Palm Beach 1975 I met Chuck Thompson yeah, I was were playing the
West Palm exposor. Well, whatever the hell they were what we had going there and I met Chuck Thompson and
What's his name Milo Hamilton which everybody hates him like poison? I thought he was a pretty good guy
Oh, he was a terrific guy chuck and gold on all used to be a great combination on oil
You know what I talked about this earlier in my show, Neil that
Yeah, signature voices like Chuck's they're all gone most of them are gone
You know, that's what I keep that's what I keep talking about and of course pumps there like Josh quarters
Oh, no, you're wrong. You know, I'd like to know one broadcast
It was come along in the last 20 years who's gonna be like legendary like a Chuck Thompson or a Milo Allen or a Bob Prince or
The grapefruit or Harry carry that we grew up with they just don't exist their cookie cutter guys now or they're terminally
A coma inducing like they've been boring which of course, Josh can't talk about that because he has to sit there and keep
Poking the ribs to keep him awake during the game. That's exactly what I was talking about. You know is the lack of signature voices in this run
You know you think about it. Sonny was a signature voice and
River was the signature voice of the top and I think mad dog became very associated with the dolphins and I'll tell you one other guy and that's
You know what's his name?
Read
No, what's his name? Not Greg but Eric Reed. I forgot Greg's name actually it was Erica. I wanted to say you're trying to forget
That would be a good move but Eric Eric Reed has been the original preserving mental health would be to forget Greg
He forever but Eric Reed has been the heats and answers from the beginning
I wonder if we can get a hold of Luca Brotzi you think he was sleeping with the fishes. I got a package deal for him
He sleeps with the fishes choice and Greg
But anyway, you were saying that's it read I don't like Eric Reed he talks to his teeth
I don't like guys that yeah, he would be very good if he'd stop doing it
But he won't stop talking to his teeth. He does that. You're right. Yeah, he does do that
And I don't know why because he's very very good broadcast about talks to his teeth
He does that affected she have an old sheavener that kind of stuff, but he's the guy who's been the heat guy
All right, but the more I know he's not no, he's not are you forgetting Dave Halver stand? What is wrong?
No, no, Eric was always
He wasn't always to play by play guy by the way
He started as the analyst and became the play guy
Yeah, and he'd be and he's been the TV guy
Howie was the radio guy until he got screwed over and meanwhile the guy they brought in his no improvement believe me right
Howie's a good guy. Oh, I love howie brings humontosh into the station
Yeah, that's him. Yeah, well Neil. I went that note. I went to Gulfstream for the first time on Saturday really
Well, I had to do the show for you to show ID to show that you're old enough
I had to do the ABC show from there on the fountain of youth. Yeah, and I hit five exactas in a row
But I'm not going back until I have you. Yeah, why don't I gonna talk dollars
But I had two very good days of woodbine over the weekend. I'm back
So it I rest because you rest and by the way governor fat ass. There's no crime at woodbine. Okay, it's beautiful
It's clean the money is poured in there people are having a good time. They got a beautiful restaurant everything is great
Okay, you couldn't ask for a safer place in the world. There's no pick pockets. There's no crimes all of this crap
What was the last time you were a race once what have you ever been raped in Las Vegas? No, me neither I know somebody who was
Yeah, yeah, he's been raped in it everywhere. So at least he's consistent. I
Won't lose too much this afternoon. In fact, he might have had some impact on our numbers
Correct. Yeah, he might have done that to him when he did move into four o'clock
See that's another thing. I mean, do we want to rehash all of that nobody has any idea where anybody was on we went through
Just a nightmare
First I think that from what I understand it was a big big Spanish language you put when that happens
Real radio stations now, but real radio stations will send a message to them
You know to you know to the people who take the surveys
Yeah, and what that does is the next month they'll open compensating you'll come back. That's how it works
Well, we need their help. Let's put it that way man
We need to rally the troops send a message like Joey Zaza. We're sending them a message
Jesus I'm just a motherfucker here. We're hanging out. We're like an anchor man. We're just hanging out by our thumbs
I go on Greg and Joyce you idiots. He's on vacation again. I can't stand these people are always on vacation
He's on vacation again. Yeah from what you think I get a lot of vacations for everyone I get he gets like 10
From life from reality. He's going to the hiding again, you know
Well, there's a crisis on take to good time when the trend came on man. You can't complain to our about our numbers. We don't have any
Ah should be an interesting show today folks. Oh wait till you hear my poll
Well, you'll be listening you like my poll anyway. Yeah, I'll be listening. That's what I hear okay
Well, listen don't lose it don't forget to out and vote a couple of times, please. Yes. Yes
Yes, on the a slot. Sure don't let those engine killers and and Mickey's eras with his cruise ships and ores
I'll see all the money that it is so outrageous and so criminal and how come Jeff Bush isn't screaming about that
How come our fat ass governor isn't all bad out of shape about that crap?
He can't control it. He's with their phony below me. Well, yeah, there you go. He can't control it big deal
See he doesn't want it private education get any money here or a public education
He wants it all going to his parochial. His a crystallized all his glam to get all the money. That's what he wants
What did I say at the beginning of the show?
Go out and vote against the goiim tomorrow. Right. There you go
Like Alan Finkelson my dear friend from popular park used to say there's only one problem in the world and that's too many glam
Have a great day. Yeah, Tony. I'll be listening
What's all
That rich remind me my mother
This is the CBS even news with Dan Ruther reporting from CBS news headquarters in New York
Good evening. This is then rather reporting in shocking news today
This reporter has just confirmed that president George W. Bush is a raging pot head
But Ron is looking river man's stormer. No, really we didn't meet it up this time
According to recently released paper co-agnes made several years ago
President Bush is clearly indicating that he may have tried marijuana at some time in the past
This sparkling revolution may explain his world speech questionable intelligence and
Disappearance from national guard duty during the Vietnam era. No, I just can't let that go
Sorry, not wanting to say I told his own this reporter will take the high road and say only
And that's part of our world the satisfying being dicted. I hope you're having a stupid red state bastard's fight
I'm nice god Danny horse
You guys Wednesday's is last the newscast. Yeah, you're the 90s here easy even the people who watched a bro come watch that fascist Brian Williams now
Who's the guy on I don't even watch you BC Peter Jennings silly connoct what do we get very now
Did you talk about these trends at all? It was a dust thing I haven't I didn't have the monthly the actual monthly right?
So you know, I said they were bad, but I didn't realize bad. No, just how bad bad wow
I don't sense a humor you developed last week bad death nail remember that thing in
Network I see I keep going back to network as it was about broadcasting what a horror horrendous business
It is and Robert Duhal was going about
Death nail remember that when Howard deal was on we want the Saudi deal stop now. Is it interesting?
Saudi deal stop. Yeah, why do I get ready? Thank you mr. President for those low gas prices by the way
Remember to mention that every day last week. Thank you for those low gas prices Mr. Nazi and by the way
If the terrorists don't get you then the American soldiers
Certainly will they have this we have our ways of doing it. Okay. We'll get to the stupid ass trend
I don't even know if we want to bother with them. Okay, we're done. And of course it's interesting to see
You know Burton Cines when I was met was that would buy that one night and he was there sitting next to me playing the spots and he kept
Like undone I'm done like that. I was like a hint. We're coming on done. That's what we've done a QA man
We've come on done gas who Greg and Joyce Joyce and Greg so anyway in case you missed when we're doing a little
Cross-dressed there with a Humper Chuck Thompson or else voice for nearly 30 years
83 Chuck Thompson was great did the occult and the Orioles he did the broadcast of the um cults giants
Championship the NF before the Super Bowl 1958
He was just fantastic. He was great. He had a very distinctive voice
He was just he did the 60 TV call on the a world serious with Maserowski at the home run on the bottom of the tent
The whatever was to win again and a series Chuck Thompson was great another great legendary dead broadcast
Or what a shame and like Hank was saying these absolutely correct in spite of what Josh is saying about how Dave Van
Boring is a great Hall of Fame broadcaster when you're gonna quit kissing his ass, huh?
So how's Roxy Bernstein? I haven't met him yet. No, I mean well, haven't you heard him? Yeah, I've heard him and it's pretty good
Well good. Thank God we got somebody on there doing little play by player color or something that he does a little play by play too
Right. Yeah, he'll call me as he is good as boo
Boo's pretty good on that yeah, but yeah, I'll take I'll take boo, but he's exciting. He you know
He's exciting shows and he's working with he's working with Dave Van Boring
Well, thank God we got a little bit of balance in there anyway. Jesus. Thank the Lord for that
Okay, what kind of a silly ass told the George do on Friday here? By the way great job George. Oh, you're sweet
I didn't hear any of it, but I heard it was great. It's always great. Okay. I'm printing this thing out
Whatever you did. I'll be the print. We got Terry Polo today. She's not she's all right. She's famous
She's very famous her face could use some or she's a little on that Paris Hilton skanky skinny nose kind of look in her body
She's got great boobs right. She's a little bit. Yeah. She looks like she's got that. What is that wasting away?
Does he? I don't want to get into that. That's incisive, but no, no seriously
I thought she's got that from like the the puppet down. She's got that like her that's terrible
But that's what looks like she's got
But uh, but her boobs are fantastic. So all you boob guys, which is most every guy except the chorus. Yeah, those she was born June
1969 and Dover Delaware what a horrible place Dover Downs by the way they have huge purses there you want to know why why because they have slots
Woodbine and Mohawk they have huge purses there you want to know why I don't know they have slots. I see
Anyway, uh Terry Polo is in Meet the Falkers, which of course is almost current. Just recent movie meet the Falkers focus beyond borders 2003
aka
Giinsites Ollar Granson. Oh, even just saying that gives me goosebumps. Yeah, but all Giinsites Ollar Granson
I'm with her TV series straight from the heart TV second string TV domestic to she's got a resume that goes back now
Well, she 36 boy. She's done a lot of work mostly TV any movies?
Yeah, let me tell you the parents the you know quick the girl asked an extreme passed away mystery date born to ride
Northern exposure TV series the arrival
Oh, anyway, that's who she is Terry Polo meet the Falkers. You know who she is take a look at her if you want to and if not
I can't believe you had that parasolton schmutz on our website. It will want to make a lot of conversation
That
My lunch would come up with conversation if her name was involved that's much because of the boobies
But because of the fact she was making out with that girl and then she's not here. Who cares? Is the audience really that desperate?
By the way, just thought I printed this pull out. Oh here it is. Here's your pull from Friday
Why don't I have to print it out? There's only like 10 choices on it right by design
Who's the biggest whore?
1713 votes the national media five 50. I guess you forgot about broadcasters huh?
No, I didn't the national media five 50 and quarter 391 and in the cool smith 171 Jose
Can suck a 152 Kobe rise wife Vanessa 137 the mini herald 105. That's the anxious mini herald Matt drudge
She's got 73 miss fudge
Heidi flies 54 colon power 44 rolling colon. He should have been up there at the top. Yeah
A sell-out late addition and Julie were men 36
That piece of direct. So okay, that's a let's be on that Todd requison this one
So if I sound a little bit off my feed, but that's the first time in a long time that little uh
Piece of turds been in there, you know what suck it around go away Todd
1013 and 560 wqam where we are not Swedish. We're not Norwegian. We're not dutch. We're finished
Oh
No, when I was a kid
All my friends just to come on over to my place because they knew my mom and been down to Windixie
She'd always had something good for all of us
Hey one day my sister found this dog running to the store called it he guessed it windixie
Nowadays though things are getting tough
Ever since Windixie the player bank wrote it's been slim pickings around here
Good thing mama went belly up for Windixie did her and would have killed her
But everybody still comes over to my place and all those
coverage getting mayor waiting always whip up something good
Windixie there
You're real tender aren't you?
Something I learned in korean
And if anybody complained about hearing their food
We'll just blame it on Windixie
1018 that's a beautiful thing at 560 wqam our new poll is up
Can wqam recover from Greg Reeds latest blunders or are we doomed?
Are we doomed?
Here's the choices. Yes, I love the new lineup. We can recover. We'll be back
That's what Claire was in Duffer try to talk each other and do and the interest is starting to scrap all what was a heavy
Hispanic
But I'm on the air right how how long are these kind of excuses gonna fly huh when you get the kind of numbers that we had
Is the first time in I've been on the market almost 30 years now
First time I ever had a monthly rating trend where it had a minus in front of all of our numbers
You know what I mean? What do you mean like we owe points anyway? Yes, I love the new lineup
Don't care. I only listen to Neil. We got that bunch. Greg is a genius
Yeah, I've actually made a bell votes for that and a couple of the other sucklings in the building there
No, you've jerked around the audience too much the stern business was the end for Greg the horse you and for leave clover must have fallen out
That was my vote Greg must have stood up real fast and like oh they both fell out or at wax
He will destroy you guys. He does every every possible angle on a right there
Because this trend especially after all the changes and all the format and we got Mo on it this time and
Mad dog is he coming is he staying is he leaving is he on two to four is he on four to seven who's on first is most staying as he leaving his
Gully, but I ever get the hell off the air already when it's squeaky voice
What's going on over here, huh? And then they put stern on here
They let him build up a little momentum even though they screwed us over big time
And then they yank him off all of a sudden and put Hank in there and like all of a sudden bingo magic's gonna happen
Well, like I keep telling everybody it's like you're in a horse race. There's seven horses in a race
You're the best horse by far the gate opens you open up a five-length lead you're coming around the turn
The rest of the field he left him in the dust like secretary in a bellmont and all of a sudden
They blow to whistle. I guess what you got to go back to the beginning start all over again
Everybody else they can keep on going. They got their momentum going
You got to go back to the beginning start all over again. Well, how many times can you do that? How many times can you overcome that handy crap?
You see what I'm saying? Yeah, wow and look at that phone
You see this tremendous response we got here on this phone here this morning. That's tremendous
This audience ought to be worked up into a frenzy. I know you probably exhausted all the intellectual colors last week
Right and drug everyone else away. No. Well, wait me to everyone else
It's all we can't let was your intellectual crowd now
I'm right. They heard they heard this old fag voice made it. Uh-oh. We're out of here
WQAM are only called hello. Oh, yes, sir. What's the matter with what?
Hey, Neil. Yeah, hey
I'm talking to the little doll they were
They were on 710 WGBS in the early 70s down here
That's we we know all about them here too. Oh, that's right when the Orioles used to train right?
What if I know that but they had them the whole season down here on the radio
Right then the other channel
710
GBS
Can another used to work there WGBS and what who was the other guy with red rush with the white socks because they were on KAT
Uh white socks have probably my lower Hamilton. No, no, no
Red rush and somebody else Bob Elson
Bob that you're the best. Yes, I am
I just wanted to throw that 710 WGBS. By the way, Bob Elson. He's dead too. Yeah, everybody's dead. Sorry
I'm sorry. Well sooner or later it'll get us all good luck to you, pal. How do you like that?
Somebody responding to Chuck Thompson dying. All right. What a great broadcaster. He's no dayband boring
Thank God. I got news for you boys and girls. I got a whole new altitude. How do you like that? Huh?
I'm holding nothing back. I'm letting all hang right out. You know what I mean?
I'm so sick and tired of mediocrity and involved all of this crap
We're surrounded. We're drowning in a poor pool of swill. By the way, good movie shattered with the time
Beringer and Bob Hoskins. Did I see that? What was that about? It's about a guy who was in his terrible car crash
And he forgot his wife and everybody and etc and so on. I don't want to spoil that. I'm familiar
And a wife only got like a couple of superficial scratches
And he was like a and they did plastic surgery. It's got so many twists and turns and it's pretty damn good
I'll check it out. Some Beringer's usually pretty good. You only only one bad movie. He was ever in you know
If that was no, I forgot it was Eddie and the cruisers. Oh, yeah, you're right boy. Yeah
He was another mad Tom Beringer's always in good movies, but this one's very good
Well, he played Eddie in the cruisers. He was in it. Okay. He was one of those. There was Doc in a world
I don't know what it like I know the names of the characters that he in the cruisers as long as it wasn't I know that the frog guy was in there
What that was his name Michael Pere was he Eddie? He was Eddie Michael Patten. Yeah, cuz he called me. What do we do?
This is Eddie
So Tom Beringer, Bob Hoskins and Shadard if you're looking for a DVD to render buyer steal pretty good
I'd recommend it. Highly. I so Lansing WQ I am. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you today? You're finished station. We're done
Stick a fork in this baby
I'm sick. Two seconds after you guys are talking about the vote for tomorrow. You guys are running a spot with the governor
Don't bring me for that and I can't say anything during that spot or the like sewer
I love you guys are idiots over there knock it off. Yeah, right. Thank you. Thank you
I'm like I'm not gonna say that. How can we accept that money man? We'll take anybody's money
That's what a bunch of whores we are putting that fat ass governor yours on here talking about crime
Let me tell you something Mr. Hockshot. How much crime do we have at the fair mutuals right now?
Is there any crime? No go out to woodbine. I don't I have never heard of it
There are about nine months have I even heard about a pick pocket about it? No in addition
Which they don't hire private police they hire their own private security which they pay for how do you like that?
So here's another bush who lies and lies and lies in addition
Which I thought he was governor the whole state all 67 counties and he's in Dayton, Broward County putting ads on here
But well you're gonna be helping pay for education for the rest of the state so big deal. Okay. We'll take our piece
Those mug ones could use a good
Here's the governor was supposed to be everybody's governor
But what of course he's a lame duck anyway can't run again
So he doesn't have to worry about the rest of the state finding out in addition to which when they have people find out what he says behind
In a certain place it doesn't make any difference. They don't hold against them like that crap about his devious plans
This has worked the public's it's 75% of the people in South Florida the number one priority is education
So here's your chance to create
millions and millions of dollars for education all over the state including South Florida
And I what's the downside the downside is that there's gonna be less business for the grave robbing Indians and for Mickey Harrison
And that's 50 more reasons to vote tomorrow or today who want to go to 430
Don't take it for granted like the Humphor says don't just sit back and assume that it's gonna pass by a landslide because in November
Because you're only gonna get a fraction of the number of people voting this time that you had voting the presidential election
So don't let those born-again fanatics in the bush crowd go out there and defeat this because this this is basically your last chance
To emancipate South Florida from the rest of the state now. That's basically what it's all about
We got two different states. We got a bunch of Bible thumping redneck
lunatics born-again hypocrites beer swiggin
booze
Likin whatever the hell they're doing. Just doing more right. That's it
I wonder how that governor's coke head daughters doing by the way
All right, she's doing pretty good. I think she's here lately. I think she sung the last noelle if he asked me
That bitch you're a liar you're a fat ass liar Jeb Bush okay runs in the family man you're a loser you're all
Your brother's a boozer and you're a loser. How do you like that? And your wife by the way is a smugger other than and your son is crazy
Than a bedbott right and your daughters are co-cat other than that
Yeah, rumor I heard is that when he goes to the beach with that thong he wears he's got a crack problem
True too
Jeb Bush comes down here
Just go back to Tallahassee with a band-you-on-unee and mind your own business with all your cracker friends up there in the legislature
You loser man you lunatic and let the people of South Florida make up their own mind and vote
20 or 30 times tomorrow cut the crap all those one aren't bad. It's it's gonna be the other
It's okay if the Indians have got him that's all right. They're fooling me below me bingo slice slot machines
That's all right
But if we have them at the paramutuals then the world is gonna come to an end as we used to know it
God forbid that people might have a little bit of entertainment to some excitement going on
And then we increase the person so we have quality racing all year round
God forbid that good things like that should happen in South Florida where they've happened
Airby place elsewhere they put in the slots from Dover Downs to Ontario, Canada every race track we got here to you name it everywhere
But anyway, am I getting a little bit too whipped up? I think so no
27 after 10 at 5 60 WQM where we're finished. I've been to Helsinki. It's a really great place
Oh the people they're beautiful. I know the ones I've seen wow
family
Well, he's a talent has been at me
We've got the money from his daddy
Oh, and if I said my little friend
With the agenda that's right
Oh, well, he's a talent has been at me
No, but they're fillet
Oh
That is a president until son
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win. He might as well just move right in
SIGHARD
SIGHARD
SIGHARD
He has to go to school and he was born with a disaster
So look out on you Jews
Get ready for the death. He's a talent has been at me
What?
If our table writes the whammy
Oh, why's he the talent has been at me?
No, but they're fillet
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew
With very faxous Jews
Who never pay his dues by makes here
Will all be screwed
SIGHARD
SIGHARD
SIGHARD
Any spark to win that race
Against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it scuba?
Victoria, anyway, he's the talent has been at me
Oh, he makes it take a case, my peace
Oh, yeah, he's the talent has been at me
No, but they're fillet
Come home and do stuff
Come on, man
Maybe we can just have a big auction in Florida raise money for education that way
The governor's wife can smuggle it all the goods that she wants
Billions of dollars worth, what do you say?
All right, I'm working on putting it in the wedding solid
Or maybe no wealth can just sell something that could powder, huh?
Or maybe they can all take a powder
Sounds like a good idea to me
What a bunch of crap, man, but we'll see what happens
I think it's going to pass tomorrow. We've got to get out there and vote
Vote no
Vote yes
Yeah, I said boy that I was banned
That was an act of what's his name?
W
Vote yes tomorrow early and often, okay?
Then the vote no on Wednesday if you're against it you get to vote on Wednesday
If you're forward you get to vote yes tomorrow
Do you know that?
All right, let me say again if you're for the slots at the per mutuals
You vote tomorrow you vote and then you vote yes
If you're against it you go Wednesday and vote no
I got it. You got that?
Right away Josh Cordis, did you vote?
I did not. Why, why?
What? And why not?
I don't know. Now let me say this. I did get a jury duty again
For the second time in my life
You don't get jury duty because you vote, okay?
You don't get jury duty because you vote
They do that off your driver's license stuff so unless you're willing to give up your driver's license
You're going to continue getting called for jury duty, okay?
Well, I mean, this is the second time already
In only 21 I mean, I believe I just registered to vote and I got it again
So you don't, you know, what did I just get through telling you?
They don't pick jury members by voter registration any more
They do it by drivers license. You sure?
About that?
I'll bet your life on it. How do you like that?
Puts, so as long as you got jury duty again and you already registered to voting
Might as well vote anyhow, right? Tomorrow.
All right. Now let's see. Here is a thing. Let's see.
I previously had no opinion on slot machines says this facts. I really don't care. But thanks to Jeff Bush
I'm going to plantation courthouse today to vote
Yes, that's right. Today is the yes vote and also tomorrow and then Wednesday if you're against the vote no on Wednesday
And I've played until the Bush supporters exactly that if Bush and the right wing Christians are against it
Then I'm for it F. Damn says this would several 80 million explanation points
Good going. Okay votes several times. Yes. Don't forget today tomorrow the days for the yes votes
Now what do we got to speaking of votes on our pool so far?
We are really and maybe I'm taking this a little bit to but it just gets to where you are to special when you're an old
troll like I am it gets to where you are a little bit that you have to keep going back into the starting gate and starting all your race over again
When you've run that long mile in 70 yards, you know, Jesus, K Christ
Every time we think we got things going like when we had Joe Rose back there in the spring
We somehow survived the forrel debacle somehow
Even though we still don't have our license renewal by the way to see the story on Wednesday about the shareholders
We're notified about the eight complaints and speaking of complaints
I noticed that the unmentionable one was on 60 minutes last night. I saw
With a video game thing
Oh, yeah, yeah, the great tape crusader baby
Everything needs to be censored censored. Let's just go to his house. He'll tell us what's not again nice
I'd like to get the real story on that hold here, you know, oh
Anyway 94 votes can WQM recover from Greg Reads latest blunders or are we doomed?
Don't care. I only listen to the ill 52 see there's a problem with this pull
And you know what that is right off the bat sat the people who are gone aren't gonna be voting on it. There you go
That's it. They're gone like furlin husky on capital records since you've gone remember that
I actually had to play furlough. I know you told me that in my defenses. Why so
Since you've gone
Lordy we miss you bad. We never thought we'd miss you
Anyway, don't care. I'll listen to the ill 52 55.3 percent. Yes. I love the new lineup
We can bounce back 12 people say that a duty doesn't
Know you just jerk the audience around too much 11 the stern business was the n for Greg a we can only pray
The horseshoe and for the clover must have fallen out meaning Greg's
Raccoon asked for said that he must have stood up real fast
Especially when he saw these trends. Oh the horse and let's see and Waxi is going to Greg is a genius five
Let's see that's Maddie Bell the water Nazi Gary Sarner and Greg must have Antarillon. Okay. That's the five votes
And Waxi will destroy you guys three out of 101 votes. That's what we got so far
Wtq a m hello
Death now radio. How you doing?
Hey that movie
Cruises I like that movie
Camp it was ahead of moments now the bad one was they made you actually made a sequel to that. I know I saw that that was really bad
But why did you do this? Why do you ruin the whole idea of the first movie? Right when he
He was going to the concert and he saw the guys the other fake Eddie right
Oh
God what a chuckle anyway
Another movie the one you
Shattered the movie shattered Tom Barron's or dead as a good movie there's another movie that's similar to it called
Kill me again. Huh. It's it's like a
Reincarnation type or something, but you're it's not really
I think a pretty good one speaking to reincarnation. What about
The Peter Proud. Yes, that's great one. Michael Sarasin and the one you know for O'Neil
Also, but there was a remake of crappy remake of that too with
What's Superman's girlfriend? Lois Lane. She was in it. Oh, it's awful. It's awful
For the book is good. Okay, and Richie and Richie Moe. Get back to work guys. See you
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's take about 40,000 calls this week all of us slabs like me are gonna call him
The intellectuals last week when George was on you have a lot of intellectual colors. Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you mean he didn't facs you his
Gardening like he did to me that was for now what happened with our our faxing guy for I forget the deal on that the
Faxing guy yeah the new faxing guy we had the cut Andy and
What's his name? Oh the Greg from from a hunger all been out of shape don't remember Lyle? Oh, yeah
That did a lot continue faxing last week was he waiting for my return. He did not like he said he would not
Meaning what no, you know why he did not because because he outed himself
He made a little accident just like the zodiac killer there. He made a little bit of an accident there one of his messages
When he'd mentioned John Ford see there's nobody in the audience who if they said oh you picked on joy Reynolds
You threw Chuck my run to the bus whatever, but when he threw in John Ford
It's obviously an inside deal right Peter both fact maybe it was John Ford only he's too a homophobic to like even be involved in anyway
Although he had one hell of a great show there at i and z think we got bad number as well
By the way, we got bad numbers folks. We're done and we're proud of it. Okay, we've come undone
I don't have that do you have that there my guess who just don't have that
Uh, I don't think mine does either now be damn. I'll look them
I'm gonna in fact what we're gonna do is I'll go out and buy that today and it can be like our theme song
We've come undone. I got so carried away in that last thing. I flopped my thing. We're off the airline
For the sake of Neil Rogers
Play voted for the first time
January 30th remember those images voters hold under index fingers high purple ink on the finger just
Thin thing they had voted well now you too can feel the pride courage and excitement
They felt with Krayola's new
fingertip coloring kid hey look my fingertip is purple and I feel so proud and courageous each kid comes complete with a
Violet purple ink and easy to follow instructions wow you've got a purple fingertip too you must be proud courageous and excited
Yeah, yeah, hey and your fingertip is brown
Yeah, always get the two-quack
Krayola's new fingertip coloring kid hey and your fingertip is green
Yeah, I'm Purcellton's boyfriend
Just 1995 in the yards and crafts section of your favorite department store 1046 it looks like the people who are left who are still listening to QM are very happy with the way things are going
How many we got left?
Guys Merrigalati by the way, she's a real jackass. She's the mayor of Hollywood to want to get all of them right about the
Life is a beach t-shirts a few years ago, and now she's just sending out all these letters dear friends and neighbors
It's a vote against the slots of tomorrow, which is all of the reason to be sure and vote yes five times
Okay, you're paying my dollars to send out that propaganda. Yeah, that's right bitch miserable nasty hateful bitch man uptight old
Prool is what you are honey. You are pathetic. You're you're what's wrong with South Florida mayor Galanti?
What an idiot see when you take a look the Christian coalition Jeb Bush and Mara Galanti when you take a look at the people who are again
It then immediately like the other facts you want to go out and vote
500 times. Let me just I know this is going to come as a great shock to some people there
Nobody is going to drag you kicking in the street as screaming off the streets into a casino
It'll bet on the horses on the dogs on a highlight on slots on anything else
Nobody's going to force you to go there. You know what I'd about that. What is it about?
It's about stopping other people from doing what they wanted to well of course
No, not not only to mention that but of course we got the always the centrioles are got their finger when it's
Begin the purple finger at all on the end of the tip. They got their tip in it man
Because they want the whole pie for themselves of which you get zero zippity newda you can talk like you want mayor
Galani about how much the assimilals pay for
Whatever the hell they're paying for how much of that revenue are you getting for the city of Hollywood?
How much are your schools getting zero zippity doodah bitch?
It's just amazing to me the way that there's still some shells in that town who want to continue
Suck it up to Mickey Erison and the Indians
I've waited though those cruise ships to nowhere that people are getting raped on and getting wild die
Or here from the food and everything else
That's really a great way to gamble is go get seasick on a cruise ship because it's illegal on the mainland again
Of which nobody gets one dime revenue. How many times have I screamed about every single time I come back to Miami Airport
And as soon as you get out of the matter where you're coming from there's all these people from the cruise ships
They're standing there with their little book in their sign royal tour of the Caribbean whatever the hell it is Mickey Erison
Step lines and they they slept and they follow them like like a bunch of like like the
What's your calls used to do in higher lea for the flamingos?
They follow them like sheep right there and they take them right to the port on a bus
They don't spend one dime in the city or in the county
They don't leave one penny behind for the local community and they go off there and they feel his fat pants with more money
The Erisons are the anti-Christ. I'm going to tell you that right now
Anyway, here's a fast it says
Hey, Neil did you watch the date line NBC?
I did not George sought yeah, most of it. They had an in depth report on that slime ball
Although it says here scum can't say that
Uh, Benny him. Why doesn't the government go after that jackass?
He has speaking of taxes and phony dollars
Also with all the pull stations be open or is it only in selected areas?
Of course, they'll all be open because tomorrow's election day seven a.m. to seven p.m
If you afford a slot then go out tomorrow and vote yes if you're against it wait till Wednesday and you can vote no
Right, I got the way it works
Right so I heard
Your gets the slots be sure to vote wait till Wednesday
US attack against the Titans bad and Baghdad was deliberate
I'm not gonna. I mean there's 80 million stories in the naked city on this many of which we both had on the website
I think I duplicated some of yours, but I'm sure that Josh being as astuvian as he is
He can't put him on there to that right?
I think that like the same story two or three times anyway just to make sure yeah about that
Not a bad idea especially if airsoft on is one of his wild benders again
Now do we ever get that straight not if you have the full authority and power to do that now I do
Is best that
That's good
So we don't have to depend on fat Eric up there who's busy eating below me sandwiches
Sheldon down his throat in between trips to the uh what other uh what's that place?
Oh, it's the place the outhorn and then Orlando
Did the world yeah that place
The companion of free-to-talline journalist Juliana Srena how do you say her name Srena?
On Saturday level serious accusations in US troops who fired her to convoys was nearing back that airport saying the shooting had been deliberate
The Americans and Italians knew about her car coming pierce Galaria said in living rooms
Salillo military hospital where she's to undergo surgery following return home
There were 700 meters from the airport 700 yards, which means they had passed all checkpoints
And they were not by the way speeding lane like some dangerous bunch of terrorism that that was a lie
The shooting late Friday was witnessed by Prime Minister Sylvia Brolosconi's or a fist which was on the phone with one of the secret service agents head
Scolotti then the US military silenced the cell phones he charged
Juliana had information the US military did not want it to survive yet
When she was kidnapped on February 4, she was writing an article on refugees from
Fallujah seeking shelter to bag that mosque after US forces bond the former Sunni rebel stronghold
She told Ryan news 24 television Saturday
I hail a bullet's rain down on the car taking her to safety at bagged head airport
Along with three secret secret service agents killing one of them
I was speaking to agent Nicola Calapari when he leaned on me
Probably to protect me and then collection I realized he was dead did it
She said it was been questioned on Saturday by two Italian magistrates
They continued shooting the driver couldn't even explain that we were Italians really was horrible
She said after all the rest that I've been running I can say that I'm still fine
I thought after I was said I was handled with the Italians danger was over
But then the shooting broke out we were hit like I said if the terrorists don't get you the Americans
I
Will how do you like that? I thought we would do things like that a kiss
Now speaking of the voters and speaking of elections and all these things
I don't have quiz talking about this the idea of giving any task break tells the Florida marlins build a new statement down time
I mean rankles voters across the state even in South Florida accord to a new statewide pool
If you don't know what rankles means in other words it pisses them off if we can reduce it to language that joy
My permit what do you say joy
Like it says it rankles them in a survey of 600 voters taken for the South Florida Sunset on Florida times union
And overwhelming majority
82% stay wide and 82% in the Marlins home turf of South Florida said they oppose any state sales tax rebate tell the team
How do you like that Josh Cortis?
You and your marlins
By the way, we got Marlins baseball on the Wednesday. We love the Marlins
Will they play the daytime? We love Malat, right? Right a lot
God know how we david it to today mad dog it for gildy at seven
What did they see that's not right and then eddie k from i mi highlight 10 what what we gonna get
That squeaky voice one out of there see that do you know what we had at night in the trend you do know I do know because I'd ask we had a
Point nine in January and the month in January at night seven of them in that we had oh
Point less than one percent of the audience on a sports station in men. That's in men
I think I think I know what the chigger and that word piles all about
You know i'm saying
Anyway getting back to the marlins and Josh Cortis and uh what's your name roxy
Burdett burns what was his name
Burdstein
Oh, not another Jew on this step. Oh, that's right. It doesn't work for us. He works for the marlins
What do the marlins know he's Jewish? Oh, what a bad guy. Oh, you think david samson knows that what about the lila
Men and women are equally opposed. There's our democrats and republicans political independence
Even knowing the team will have to leave its president home in dolphin stadium after the
2010 season. I think the general consensus is we'll pack them up a lonely sandwich. How do you like that right?
Even hebronationals is in case roxy burn scenes on the bus the survey conducted February 24th the 28th by the merlin based research
2000 organization
Revealed that only voters in the temporary are more opposed than those in south florida the polls margin of error plus or minus four percentage points
Ironically, this is the first year out at last several at the legislative leadership and governor jab bush
Have promised to keep an open mind and this is the first year the team supporters will approach the legislature
Where they coordinated plan to finance and build a stadium they're hoped to open in 2008
I think this is the best effort they've put forth and I've seen four of them said
Representative Marco Rubio republican west Miami who plans to help champion the plan during legislative session which begins tomorrow
House speaker Alan vents
Republic in a Panama city agreed that having the sales pitch come from local government not the team could be a plus this year
I respect the leadership down here Ben said to bring a Friday trip to mommy
It certainly helps anybody who respects the leadership in Miami. Obviously he's got
Serious mental problem. Okay. Gotta be a nut job
Wow, but several legislators from brown and Palm Beach counties say there orfaces have been flooded with calls from baseball fans
Who don't want to drive the downtown?
I mean for a game and a post any state help for the team nobody wants to go to the orange bowl
I hate to break the news to you guys nobody wants to go there anybody want to go see we just took a poll in the year
unanimous word it was absolutely nobody wants to go there state representative Susan butcher
Democrat from rural Palm Beach the chairwoman oh by the way, do you know who was on the news last night?
Where the hell was he on mark fully that screaming flag from a Palm Beach? Okay?
Oh, it was about the Tom delay. Did you see that piece on the news? No, and Mark Foley was there screaming like he was having a hissy fits
He was having a nervous breakdown
About that right now. This is about the poor kids in the Asia
Buh-buh-buh-buh
Mark Foley, man, you know between Charlie Christ and Mark Foley and Matt Fudge and Ann Porter and
all these other closet cases and then of course the one with that website remember that one Jeff
What else is in the duck right? Yeah, right again in duckery a lot of real
Faaaning epic rich out there still hating flamers out there man. Wow including Mark Foley and of course
Charlie Christ
Anyway, representative Susan butcher says he's even filed a proposal to take away many of the existing sports related
Tax groups including those for the world golf hall of fame in August the world golf hall of fame
Are you kidding me? What the hell is that? That's a site here, but it's big. Oh, yeah
Spring training facilities and professional sports teams and put the money to the health care and programs for the meaty
Oh, what a bad idea that is why do we care about programs for the Indian health care?
Within the past two weeks the city of Miami and Dade County
Which would own the stadium was signed off on an almost
$420 million financing plan for a ballpark east of the orange bull guess what people don't want to go there
You want to go there? No, see we just expanded our poll the two calls nobody wants to go there
The remaining $30 million that they need for the statement would be covered with the state money
But since that that would be paid off with interest at 2 million over a 30 year period
In a total state sales tax you may would be about 60 million that anger Susan's
Epony of Kiva's game her children in 10 local public schools she told Pulsar she is adamantly opposed to the rebate plan
I think education is more important especially here in dates
She said we need to help our children more than we should help the freaking marlins is what she said
She didn't say freaking but I do how do you like that you go Susan or whatever your name is what's your name?
Susan
Susan
1057 at 560 WQM the main man Anthony Kelly into it except in scaper more
It's knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash and investing in real estate
I near the top of just about everybody's list
Floor is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US
So it just doesn't make sense to keep all that equity taught up in your house or pay out
Registri high interest rates the main man is partnering with kids in distress helping abuse and neglected children
So photo for 25 years and this year is staff is donating a portion of their commission on every close loan for this worthy cause
What sex kids of his own the main man knows how important being a parent is so called the main man
toll-free no less at one
Triple eight for eight three loan that's one triple eight for eight three loan or go to the main man.com
And for your application out right online no matter what your situation is you'll find a solution to get to the deal done
Forget about calling anybody else in a mortgage business if you want the best possible deal call Anthony Kelly
And or everybody's main man and toll-free one triple eight for a three loan. That's one eight eight eight four eight three loans
You'll sneak a meal Roger
Roger
This is talent who is with Jeff Dennis the White House press corps
Most trusted name in journalism
Hi Jeff got in here with your top or bottom of the hour right wing ground. I low down
Christians rejoice it's rap Germania
Fearless leader Bose says in a White House memo written by Andrew card that gods spoke to him last night about the rapture
After reassuring fearless leader that it won't matter how bad things get we're all gonna die anyway
He added that after taking a closer look at fat pasty redneck Christian morons
He decided to leave their clothes on with the rapture gum and now these words from the front page of my website
Attention Christian Republic have met. Are you looking for a Marie now? You're conveying the bible and me
Check my website for appointment availability on just get and mail hooker dot com
Meet me as I am or for less than a fist full of dollars more
I can satisfy most finishes
Including reading passages from bill o'riley's latest text novel while dressed as a Catholic school girl
If you long to feel close with a god by saying oh god, that's good. Let's just get him erected
A lot of your shirts it's 11.02.05.16 W.3. We got mohauer David and
Gildi at seven that's just something's gotta be done about that
I say Gildi and Greg on a package deal and maybe through a maddie belt too
We'll do a swap with waxing get your words back
226 votes can WQM recover from Greg reads latest blunders or are we doomed in it after changing a format around 85 times in last three years
And especially in last several months. How many different morning shows have we had since summer?
How many different in the afternoon and how long did we go on for a would choice back and forth and back and forth
Is mad dog leaving as he stay in his moh on two to four was the on four to seven look all we know mo
You know what I mean? I'm mess
Absolutely that is aster. Nice going Greg. He's on vacation again
226 votes pretty weak don't care. I only listen to you 120
No, you jerked the audience around too much 29. We have no chance we're doomed
Yes, I love the new lot of 24. That's not too impressive is it no the stirred business was the end for Greg 18
Wastival destroy you guys 17 watch how many people they got on their staff?
17 the horseshoe and for the club are must have fallen out of Greg's
rectum s9 and Greg is a genius nine which means may well voted three more times
Now here's the fact that I don't understand because it says from Pete and Kendall
For your information the early voting locations in data are closed today
I went to the location in the hammock's and hammocks the West kind of vote and they're definitely closed
You can check them on me date website to confirm well. I don't know about date. I know browards opened till 430
Okay, how come we can't find out about date? I don't know. Maybe it's a little cool
Maybe somebody will call us in let us know about date county. I find that very hard to believe
Early voting supposed to go on to 430 day definitely is in broward and tomorrow 7 a.m. to 7 p.m
Which of course there's not a municipal elections tomorrow too. You know like for dog catcher
Mirror of dine. Yeah things like that
Long gone are the long lines browers electorate saw during falls election
But voter turnout for the upcoming political contest while relatively poor has improved in the past few days official
So yesterday that's because George was on last week plugging a hell out of a wrencher right today for the last time before Tuesday's election
14 special polling locations elected by broward election supervisor Brenda schnipes will be open until 430 this afternoon
Of course people can still vote from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. tomorrow election day only if you're voting yes
If you're voting no vote on Wednesday, but they'll need to do so through a sign neighborhood precincts like any regular election right right right
Early voters on the other hand can cast their ballots and any one of the locations that by steps all in tears
I'll relatively although relatively few voters have shown up at the early voting locations since the open two weeks ago
Things were picking up over the weekend deputy election supervisor to sell us salus said
It really has been very smooth
She said the people are taking taking it in as soon as they come in
Number of voters are above a beat but about all the counties voters will have a chance to decide whether to rely on machines and racetracks and highlight frontons
Governor says I know it's what we say yes
The Christian coalition say no we say yes the Indian say no we say yes
Mickey Ericin says no all over it quietly behind the scenes pull in the strings so we say yes
At the Temerak Library on commercial bull of our teenagers passed out leaflets and wore vote yes t-shirts
Telling voters the referendum would fund public education in South Florida and of course since education seems to be at least allegedly
The number one issue with the people in South Florida. Here's a chance to get some cash without
Have to go through a song to dance okay that is specifically earmarked unlike the lottery which of course is governor jabs
Pet project unlike the freaking lottery which is a rip off in a scam and the money didn't go where you thought it was going to go
This is specifically going to be earmarked to go for public education. That's public education not private
Goiom education
Meanwhile opponents of the measure took greyhounds to the early voting location at the West Regional Courthouse in plantation
Arguing the measure supports businesses that treat racing dogs poorly. It took greyhounds there
I thought that we're going to take coach USA when you I would
always sure
slot machines won't be the only contest on the ballot for the counties elected voters in 16
Broward cities will decide who represents them in city or town government
And a partridge in perjury. Well there you go. That's uh whatever that says not much
Just get out there and do it okay. Don't get sucked in by a bunch of uh
Scare monitors. It's always the same thing man in the state always the same crap
Oh the world's gonna come to an end. We're gonna have so much crime have to pay for all these extra police to do what?
To do what? Let me say again the security and I'm sure it'll be the same with the it's the tracks
They'll have their own security there just like we do with woodbine and uh flambore and it Windsor and it uh casino
Casino Ramma and all these other places you know what they mean
What do they mean the mafia the mafia right the mafia?
You know they they're not in Florida now, but they will be at the slots. Oh, that's right crime man organized crime bad people
Like the boys family. How many Q a.m. Hello? Oh, thank god. Yeah. Oh, you wouldn't believe the one. I'm a lifting man. Yeah, okay. How many Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Yeah
That's it. This is what I got last week. What?
All these yes
You're okay great
Clean up your act speak five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on evil rise and singular wireless lines
You're a people man so they got all the diaries so we took it we took it up the old shoot
If you want to know the numbers man, I see I don't have the numbers
Don't waste my fax paper. I don't want to say good
We do have these monthly numbers man and all of a sudden again of course when stirring got taken off here
We started all over again. We started off when they when they took
What's his name for well off here? We had to start all over again
And then when the blue up the morning show puts stirring on the air
We had to start all over again and then they took stirring off here
And they put the Humphur on in there and we had to start all over again
Plus we had that indeterminate line up who the hell's on first and who's on second that went on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks
And a question is can we bounce back? Oh, I don't think so. I think we're done
I think we are well done like a like a stake in Roots Chris man. We've been cooked at a very high temperature
WQA and hello
QA M I'm so great now
WQA M hello
WQA M hello
Electrical Coal Live QA M Ola
Hi
There you go WQA M hello
QA M hello Nail
Yes sir how are you sir okay
I'm actually glad you're running those spots with Governor Jeff Bush because we actually get the hear house stupid
He's down. Yeah, and give us all more right in the boat. Yes. You mean our fan asked governor. Yeah absolutely
So go to the polls and vote yes. Okay. Thanks
Like I said, I don't think I think I'm taking another couple weeks vacation
They'll do that. They'll do that with with Greg
Oh, this is a bad story about Amsterdam falls out of love with coffee shops
His liberal stance and drugs begins to crumble. Do you see that? No
I also got the inquirer
Got a whole bunch of stuff in here. I've got 80 million although the case against MJ is starting to crumble
It's been a lot of them to get outside. Don't tell me that the California is gonna blow another one of these
They can't get anybody can record there now Bobby Blake the jury is still out on that one. We know the bitch had it coming
WQA M hello QA M I'm just not lasting as long WQA M hello
QA M oh you're right these are really good. I feel like I'd all week really
WQA M hello
Hello no yes sir. How are you sir? I'm definitely for gambling
But there's gonna be one negative downfall for it. Uh-huh. Would you like to know what it is? I'm listening. Okay
The Indians made a deal with the federal government as long as class three gaming stays out of the state of Florida
They won't push for it
But they said if it ever comes in they will be allowed to have it so yeah
Being that's gonna happen. I know what it past they've got trailer for the tables. They've got trailer for the crap tables
They've got blackjack tables. Mm-hmm whether it's gonna be a good thing hold hold it hold it. Okay, blackjack and
Crap and all those other casino games have got nothing to do with what's on the balance on the fan no no and they they can only do they
Only have the will you can I finish the show? Sure sure they can only have the kinds of gambling if they're casinos or whatever
That's permitted by state law. Yeah, those are not true
They can have anything that the federal government will allow on that they're not bound by any state laws
They only allow for federal laws
And they made a deal with the federal government as long as the state of Florida doesn't have any type of class three gambling
Yeah, they will never push for it
But in the interim if the state ever allows and you think that this you think that this federal government
The we got right now that they're gonna lift them have full
But but uh, oh wait, we don't don't I ask you a question. Yeah, no, but the Indian yes the Department of Indian Affairs will no they won't they've already got them
They've got them in trailers sitting at the world for building
So let me let me ask you this question and what if that does happen so what is it? No, no, it's a great thing. No, no, no
I'm no, I'm not saying it's not bad thing. Yes
It's not a bad thing
I was just as soon passed on that okay. They're always gonna be these people
You know, it's gonna be really great but if you don't but it's okay stop being so forwardly issue, okay, right?
So freaking negative about every knows and then what yeah, and yeah, and who cares if you want to go subsidize the freaking Indians go have a good time
Okay, too of a government dread as they say in China
Jim in pebber pine says I listen to this anti-gambling commercial running by Bush
She claims the revenue collective would have to be divided up around the state and claimed stop Florida revenue may help schools in north Florida
He also claims there will be additional burden on local law enforcement
You know what I say cool. So what if some of the money helps north Florida central Florida schools if those kids can get a better education
Who cares where they live if they need more law enforcement good to create jobs
18,000 plus new jobs by the way of visiting passes tomorrow and they're in brown
Just like a hard rock casino created jobs good point Jim
It sounds to me that old Jed doesn't want to see Florida's economy thrive
Jeb can kiss my
By the way George in a great job last week is always I can tell by the great calls. We're getting George in a fed
It was job. Oh, yeah, this name are what
Good calls last week. Didn't he guys? Oh, yeah, all the good stuff
See
Not fooling me. I've been around the law for too long. I heard I've been around sniffing those jobstrets too long
1113 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you what if you're sniffing your carpeting and not happening with a result
Your carpet is as bad as your sink when it comes to being a collector of germs
There is what they say in check his labakia in the Czech Republic schmutz in your carpets
That's right. It's way down in there
So called right concepts today and sanitize your home make everything not only to look just like brand new
But smell and feel and be like brand new to really sanitary
Got concepts will dry clean your carpets nobody else in the world does it
They give you written guaranteed price up front before they start doing a job and when they get done
Because they use a rapid drying technique your carpets are drying an hour and a half to two hours
They smell any fresh and believe you me they look like you just had brand new laid on your floor
So when it comes to having your carpet your furniture your draper your expensive oriental area rose clean
Call of people I've been using for over 20 years in my home is dry concepts
Their number and date route in Palm Beach's toll free is 1 800
248
5071 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5071 dry concepts making carpets clean and soft photos since 1979
You're listening to me you told me you'll Rogers it's
collusively
I'm five
The criminalized pot in Florida coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography
Profile story they were from Sweden but they weren't
See because Abba had a dozen top 10 hits and sold billions of records worldwide now
Abba had only had one hit and sold considerably less records than they actually did been waited till
1997 to become famous then perhaps in an alternate universe they might have been the cardigans
Oh yeah sure veered the cardigans yeah in an exclusive interview at a trendy Stockholm coffee house
Cardigans lead singer Nina Person opened up to inside the behind interviewer
Sven
Nina
Sure yeah be a light beam in the cardigan's any you go fine sure yeah, and what are you doing these?
Sorry, uh, what did you do in these days? Did you totally flit in your own voice there?
I don't get this sucks. They're not paying us enough for this tasty. Yeah
The truth has we good enough for to send a crew to Stockholm and when we called cardigans lead singer Nina Person for an interview
She told us to
Well she declined we figured who can make do with a couple of our interns the day
Just put that idea into the cropper didn't they? Hey screw you. This wasn't our idea anyway. Yeah, and I'm totally from the valley
You dumbass it the cardigans we may never know anything about them ever again
Oh wait, that's kind of how it is anyway
It's a big QC sub and went look at show business tonight on inside the behind
1119 at 560 WQM are any of the stern people so listen to me Q.A.M
No, they're all gone and surgeon attacks everything is fine in an
Eranto oh, we're fine surgeon attacks kill 18 people you hear those sirens?
That's why we're live from Baghdad and wounda does is more today in Iraq police hospital officials said in
Balad about 56 miles north of the capital
As suspected suicide car bomb targeting an Iraqi security officer killed fiber rakis and wounded 27 others and other violence
And surgeons killed two police officials in Baghdad today and for the resignation of another police official actor kidnapping his son
Also one more dead U.S soldier and my favorite term comes into play here killed by friendly fire hey friend
You doing friendly fire like that a tie. Yeah, but do are we counting anymore?
Anybody care? No, no over 1500 by the way. I just mentioned that in past
5670s calls are so good. I want to take at least 5,000 between now and two o'clock
How come we haven't found out yet about the ad vape county
Voting thing today good question. I mean we know about for sure opened
430 those selected polling places they and of course date and brown was 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. tomorrow to vote
If you're against it stay home if you're against it get lost go eat a loaf with the governor go
Start some crack with the governor's daughter. Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
He'll yes, I'm I voted early first class
Yes, and the second thing that I wanted to say everybody in Halondale has one more reason to vote
Sunny Rosenberg is running for mayor again. Oh, yeah, I'm going to give him okay
I know on sunny Rosenberg amount of his 140th birthday. Thanks for the bad news. I know
Thank you. All right, bye. Bye. Nice job, pal. There's another voter that voted today and tomorrow
Yes voting days and Wednesday is no voting day right right and Wednesday is no voting day. Yes
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Please don't put drugs back on me. Yeah, let's just go
brother. Yeah, thanks
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello. That was Greg doing a voice. He's not on vacation Q.A.M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good
It's really great that the defter is
touting that
No for the casino. Yeah, and at this late and in the junction you know days before the elections
You know now they figured out it's a bad deal you know it's like
So I don't know he's got a panda to his Christian constituency mr. Okay to the goody two shoes Bible thumping rednext that he's all about that's him man
Yeah, that's true
Catholic he found the Pope and why why do we have to keep getting these buttons about the Pope and whether we have
His stool and the texture of his diarrhea and all these other grotesque
You know, I don't really want to hear about the Pope much less about his bowel movements. Okay. No no interest here
Again, it's the arrogance of the Catholic Freaking Church trying to think that the whole world is supposed to like it all whipped up
But we don't care about some silly old man in a dress. Okay. It's a real drag you jackass
You're gonna eat the wafer in the body of Christ and all of a sudden you know, I am so I just can't take it no more no more
He never said that didn't he?
Now to man
Had some numbers if he started saying it now not too late. No start saying it today
Have any Q a n hello
Q a n n n
Yes, yes, hi. Let me tell you about two weeks ago. I received
Three solicitations to to cast early voting right right and I said sure. I'll do it
You know, I did it for my mom for my dad and for myself
But that was just to receive the ballot to sign it and so last week on Wednesday my dad got his on Friday my mom got it
And I'm still waiting for mine and I'm saying to myself why you know if we send it up on the same address
How come three people received it on different days? Well actually two because I haven't received mine and if I receive my
Post office probably because the post office. I don't remember all those absentee ballots back in the general election in November
Absolutely. I mean this is particularly this is just one question. Yes or no?
I mean to tell me they can't even
Set this right. I want to tell you something if I received mine
Through the post office today. Yes, I'll sign it and tomorrow come election day. I'm gonna show up as well
But I'll have to vote for two times. Yes
Absolutely you got I want
You know living here in South Florida brings some life back to this
Star for thinking God bless you. Thank you. Okay, two two and call us in the morning
All right. Oh wow. Let's get the natives whipped up into our friends. You okay?
I'm not talking about the Native Americans either those Indians with their cigarettes with the worms in them either. Okay
I'm so sick and tired of that crap and of course that's one more reason we don't need you know who back on the station
Yeah, what that phony deal is he still wearing an ankle bracelet or a lonesome Arthur Stewart. Yeah, it's
Made it round to her making the rounds by the way for fifty million dollars
You can go spend a couple hours at Jose Kansaka's house and give us some good roads to inject you right in the
WQAM. Hello. Hello. I hear that that yes sir go ahead
Mark Folio do the same thing for free. Yes
Yeah, he'll probably own birthday. When is it?
Finto Corleo's birthday
Yeah, I'm listening
Great we don't care. You care about what is worth it was no
I don't have to like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless lines
I never gave those monthly trends. I would give the rest of the numbers, but I don't have them and I don't want them
They're too small for me. Remember that song you can have a ride on one or two five three
Morning six to ten a.m. In a month of January and many teen plus WQM dropped from a five two that was during the last month
Through a two point six mid days
Ten to three which of course includes the two to three
We dropped from a five point six in December to a three point three point oh and men in midday
That is and an afternoon three to seven p.m. We dropped from a five point three in December to a two point one
In January and at nights
Now I don't know how we had the big number in December at night five six that had to be an aberration
What do we have on a night? I don't December. Yes, we're doing ball games. No hockey games
Uh
Nothing, but anyway had a bogus five six in there and in January we had a zero point nine at night
So now you understand why I'm taking that pool today and while we feel like we've been betrayed once again by Brutus
Greg Reed and his new girlfriend his new partner in crime Joyce Joyce over there in a west coast in Naples
Incorporate with all their shenanigans and all they have stuff going on between stern is on and stern is off
And then we got Joe is uh what's his name mad dog where it hell he is he's leaving. He's staying mo is uh filling in the fill
Too much to fill in baby
One five six
Bush
Yes
my
Baby, when am I getting my dessert?
Doing jelly cray cuz you'll be in the ground
I like it if I sell, clad the ring and plum
Y'all still pretty in your late writing shirt
Hey, I'm your damn sexy and your triple ex-bago skurs
Actually, not it looks good
It's a warm, heavy sexy, isn't it?
I feel like I'm just doing a terrible hit
See me show you, go cuz you go
You make me mad at that eating all that rock
Could be no more, go cuz you go
Let you make a giant angel out through the snow
Go cuz you go, you're my king
Girl, we're gonna be together, we don't care how much you grow
Go cuz you go
You'll care that you're big, and I guess I'll
Bracko
Girl, you're pretty girl, and you got that all over six
Oh yeah, she's pretty disgusting, alright, 1133, 27-dil-moon
You got a teeny, two chocolate cakes
And of course, what people are realizing when they see that spot
That's just one meal she's ordering
Okay, dooo
You got macaroni and cheese?
Oh boy
Anyway, here's a faction bill in Fort Lauderdale
Who's whipped up into a frenetic frenzy, okay?
Frenetic, frenetic, frenetic?
Here we go again, sis Bill
The stupid pathetic no-life lemmings that call South Florida home
Are ready to head out to the ballot cliff and dive right off headfirst
They've gone to their various fairytale based, rather faith-based gatherings, and told
About to take an out of vote and ready to do their gods work by standing out the devil's ills
This time in a form of those wretched slot machines
Their preacher is on their side as long as the rent comes in his wallet
Their governor's instructed them to be sure to follow their own greedy will
And not let any tax revenue created in the southern part of the state lead to the northern part
I'd love to hear how his tele-hassy neighbors feel about him suddenly becoming the South Florida governor
At least for the duration of the vote
Hey Jackass, Webb, why don't you go to the North Florida governor
Take all your Bible banging out who neighbors back to the dark cages like big brothers doing your to our country
And leave us down here to help loan defend for ourselves
Everything you touch turns into a heaping pile of rhino schmit
Take your school vouchers, your thieving wife, your hatred of teachers and education, your love of the trailer trash unborn,
Your druggy daughter, Terry Shavo's brain dead body, and you're never ending love of the Nazi party
And she'll be straight up your lily white pimply fat ass, says Bill and four-large of dead-bomb
Nice going, Bill
Howdy, what do you really think?
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon and Singular Rottles lines
Come to QA and hello
I'd rather listen to Kill's a Gacchi on crack
You know great, but why do you keep saying that?
I don't know
I don't know who it is
Reflexed
The same crap, or crack over and over again, okay?
Get a life you jackass
I have no life
It lost, 5670560, we're done man
We have to regroup and go right back to square one, I'm telling you
And what's really fascinating to me is that our two flunkies in there, Duff and the Clarence
They were deniled, you know, you're really overreacting and you think, yeah, we're done
Stick a fork in this baby as your rentals used to say, we're done
What I gotta start quoting him man, you know we're finished, right?
Right
God, you just can't keep doing it
And like I said, these pull were taken here, this is just an exercise
Because the stern people who were mostly gone
And the other people who just got sick and fed up with all the, the, the crappy inconsistency
Let me say it again Greg, consistency
That's the key word in broadcasting
People want to know who's on, who's on first, who's on second, when they're on
You don't turn on a TV at 630 at night to see Dan Rather and find out it's gonna be Bob Sheeper
Because then you're gonna turn it out real fast like you're Thursday, right?
Right
Consistency, although at least Danny Boy was there for a long time
But not a QAM man, air every time Greg has another bad bullet grits or has a bad case of
Dishmits or whatever, oh here we go again, he's opted to races again showing everybody what a big shot
He's got in the meantime with the dolphins still gonna be on his station
Oh no, we got to Marlon's though, which everybody in town says we don't want any state money going for that damn stadium
And we don't want to go to Coral Gables anyway, who the hell wants to go all the way down there into the frickin orange bowl
You want to go down there?
No
What about you Josh, that's right, you haven't got a choice
Not too happy about it, but yeah
Here's a guy that works for the organization released used to up until about 10 seconds ago
Who says he's not too happy about it, now the good news is on Wednesday
We've got the Red Sox and a Marlon's up in Jupiter, which is right just below Uranus
105, the free game Marlon's on Drek at 1250, which means we got a nice short show on Wednesday
Oh god, now can we ring Stern back just on Wednesday till about 1115?
Okay, doesn't it sound like a plan?
Let's play a tape, we got some
Come in to QAV, I would love it, switch keys, holes in it, QAM, hello
Very weak, QAM, hello
Hey Neil
He lost his touch when I was away for a week, yes sir
Mark me down is yes
Mark you down, what do you mean, Mark you down, what does that mean?
I don't actually go to the track, but anything to a spike, yes sir
There we go, even if you don't give a crap about it, just despite his fat asses, it's a very reason to go
That's right, as far as you're your book, I think that I like Hank in the afternoon, but I think he can give him like a breathalyzer in the morning
I'm worried about how to get on, I think I need a little help
How about Simon Tino?
He doesn't know, he just seems like he's lost with a step for something
Well, give him a little chance, give him another month, then he can rip a nest
Okay, give the hopper another month or two, I love Hank, but I know he's real happy being on there in the morning
But I think we had, I think we had it licked there for a while, I think when we had Joe Rose, it would moor
It would moor on before anybody got her up, you know, right?
Right, right, what it was say, kind of hard getting up when he listened to Moe, but that's another stir
But we had Joe on there and then we were kicking ass and the mad dog and hopper, we had a real great thing going there like two to seven
Everything was just fine, it was too good for you Greg, that was a problem, it wasn't broken so you had to fix it, you idiot
You lying sack of crap you, God, man
Talk about a general man, talk about a man who he's like dangerous, you know what he's like?
What's he like?
The mad professor, you know, with the white hair, the mad scientist, the crazy professor
That's what he's like, and he's always in the laboratory and he's mixing his potions and lotions
And he's got all these crazy notions, you know, I think we had a throw his ass like into the ocean
You're a little r
It's a little bit funny, a man won a drink, I saw him live, they slid loose and packed it too
There is his side case, he got all of the numbers, he got all of the papers, it's moving her party with the New Yorkers
He got all of the text messages to her famous friends, there was some phones ringing in Hollywood and all the Mercedes fans
They've been geesh of their carter and paddle-briding him all went to the cell and storm us and turned their phones in
And now we know everybody on Paris is gone, we know the crowded number of sheriffs go home
Now that he's gone, it's gone, it's gone over the mesh
So she said he was coming to can now call the gentleman
16 they'll know in a few way and we got Moa too, nine to four, right, and then after that, good luck here
Here's a loyal listener, C-Ray, okay, since I noticed that vote no spot running on your station, our governor uses the word hour a lot as it will raise our crime or all the money won't go to our local school
I've just one question, since when did you have bushdard living here in South Florida?
Oh, he's got a house in Miami now, by the way, I say mind your own business, what?
I said does he?
Yeah, got the address?
I say mind your own business, C-Ray says everybody vote yes and if you don't believe in gambling, don't go there but don't stop those who want to go and have fun from doing so
And don't stop all those jobs from being created, don't stop all that money for education from being generated, etc. and so on
See there are no negatives except for those goody-two shoes who want everybody else to live miserable like they are
Now here's a very sad, I haven't even read this yet, why I voted against slots for per mutuals from a 20-year plus newly in Miami Springs
Oh my God
I mean am I not depressed enough?
No, no
Here's Jay Lyon says you'll never recover from Great Reads Blunders, tell you bring back the crow
Bring back the crow and get rid of Moe says Jay Lyon, do you like that?
Seriously, just the aroma alone is more than I can handle anyway
This 20-year plus newly in Miami Springs says I appreciate your reason why you're voting for slots
I too don't totally buy the crime and social eels that supposedly the evil of barbed products of gambling
I voted against this issue because I don't believe in a bailout for the rich
Oh you mean like Mickey Erison?
Right, you know what you mean? Like that
All slots are as a bailout for dying industries, Horace Racing Dogs in a Highly
But you see, let me just interject my own thoughts as I go along with this crap
The state is in partnership with the per mutuals so when a fat ass governor comes down to the audience and says
Well not too many people are going there anymore and it's a dying industry
The fact of the matter is he's supposed to be in partnership as the governor of the state with the per mutual industry
Because as you know the per mutuals tax all of the revenue, all the money that's bet
And there's a lot of revenue that goes there not to mention all the jobs
The owners of the tracks are rich entities and corporations
Strontic and Churchill Bounds are hardly for individuals businesses
Tearing on the age of financial failure
The people in the Horace Racing business are wealthy people
Oh yeah, like all the people in the Horace Racing business, the jockeys, the trainers, the drivers, and all of the owners
They're all wealthy people
Right, you have to be rich in order to own and breed horses for racing
It's an expensive sport, some yes, many no
Not to mention all the people whose job is dependent on the per mutuals
Most of whom haven't got two nickels to rub together, okay?
Schmuck, slots are not going to be kindle interest in these sports because they're becoming pass A
And again, not having any idea what you're talking about
Let me say it to you right now, it's Monday last time I checked
Tonight, Monday, Brian Sirius will be driving it over downs
Why will the best driver in the world be driving it over downs?
Because Monday's the metal lands doesn't race in number two
Because the over downs is got huge persi, you know where the over downs is?
No
It's in Delaware
It's in Dover Freaking Delaware
And why do they have huge persis?
And why do the best horses and drivers drive there?
Some of them in the world because they've got slots
And why will there be gigantic persis at woodbine here in Ontario right up the road of peace for more
I'm sitting right now
Why would there be big persis in quality racing and some of the best drivers in the universe there tonight?
Like the air five nights a week because of the fact that they've got slots
I thought in a tourist town you wanted more things for people to do when they came here
I see, not fewer
Oh
It says another reason I'm voting against the bill is the Vulsamit campaign regarding the money it'll generate
18,000 jobs averaging 39 grand, bull
122 million for our schools, you know they mean Dayton Broward? Bull
If they wanted my vote all they had to do is shoot straight with me and not Vulsamit me on the numbers
And the financial pines sky benefits
So here's a guy, a person, a guy or woman who ever this is who just made up their mind already no matter what it is
Tells them it's all bull and he's already a self-proclaimed expert
When you say slots are not going to rekindle interest in permutuals
You are so full of it matter
I can smell it all the way up here, hey?
Oh my god, close that window please
Sorry, more bacon exits for you
Oh God
Is this another person looking for an excuse to be negative which of course is the star floor to F and Way?
Oh we can't have that
And you know something? Supposed that
Supposed it produced for the sake of argument
Supposed it brought in only half of the jobs
Supposed it brought in only a third of the jobs
Supposed it brought in only a third of the revenue
It's still money that you don't have now
And you don't have to go there
It won't cause you a dime
Yeah but it's better to go there
No, it's much better let the Indians have all of that tax for your revenue
And let Mickey Erison take all those people out on those damn cruise ships
Outside the territorial waters
And plunges their guts out
That's a hell of a lot better and stick all the money in his pants
God, just how pathetic can you be?
Man, I haven't taught that guy 20 years I haven't taught him anything
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Rivals lines
Somebody QAAM, hello
Hello, Indian Indian
Oh God, Dominic QAAM, hello
Hi, voted
Okay, God, Dominic QAAM, hello
Hey, how you doing? Hang on a second, let me turn you down
Please turn me down
Yes, I wanted to ask you a couple of questions about our fat ass governor
Yeah
Well that's me by the way
Yes?
Hi, George, why is the governor allowed to use public funds to advertise on the radio
Right now, our Galante and Hollywood using public funds to send out those letters to all our constituents to a for partisan political purpose on a campaign issue
Can we get some legal eels out there to start pressing...
Every disclaimer at the end showing where the money is coming from supposedly
Yeah, where is it coming from?
A political action committee out of Tampa
Oh, with those yachts who's over there
Yeah, probably from the Indians, you know
Well, isn't that what happened in the last election?
That's what happened in November, they formed all these other committees
And nobody can trace where the money came from
And they don't give the report before the election
And I'm aware there are how much they raised and where it came from
And then after the fact we find out that these seminals contributed 5.6 million dollars in November
To try to get everybody devoted against something so that they can have the whole thing
As evil as it is, as terrible as it is, as much crimes it's going to bring in, it's going to destroy our image, it's bad for tourism
But if they do it, it's okay, sir
It's... I wanted to...
They don't want their peace of the pie, they want the whole freaking pie
And the next pie that hasn't even come out of the oven yet
No, that's right, and they want the pepperoni too
He makes me want to scream
Can't people see this?
I've missed that
Can't people see what kind of a fat ass liar he is?
Well, we'll find out tomorrow, won't we? We'll find out tomorrow night
Well, I'm voting at 16 times this afternoon
Excellent job, maybe and don't forget, vote yes tomorrow and no one wins there
No, no, you vote no one wins there, there is day at the end of the week
That's when the tally gets told up for the no votes, right?
You got it
Okay, thanks, absolutely
Top star boy George, who of course is notoriously gay, now I would say...
BAAAMING
Has slammed Madonna for embracing the Kabbalah, where's that Kabbalah?
I don't care
The mystical offshoot of Judaism, which preaches homosexuality is a disease
Oh my god
The former culture club singer, a real screamer, is horrified
The material girl flirted with lesbianism, most famously, in her controversial kisses
with Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera at 2003's MTV Video Music Awards
Uh, yet supports a religion which believes homosexuals can be cured
He fumes, I have a problem with Madonna's devotion to Kabbalah, Kabbalah
because I watch the documentary that said Kabbalah believes that gay people are disease-vited and can be cured
She's such a hypocrite, this is the woman who's embraced homosexuality and used it to her advantage
and now she embraces this both-craft religion, but then again, aren't they all?
You go born as George
Oh, and speaking of religious nuts
X-corn guitarist baptized in the Jordan River
Oh, right!
Let's all that picture
Kibbutz, Kinawret, Israel
Let's send everybody to a Kabbutz just in time for a poem
Is it a poem yet?
Not yet
Is it a soup yet?
No, when is a poem?
I've actually been thinking of it
Come on, let's find some good home-intotion here in Toronto, eh?
Got a lot of Jews here, a lot of everything
Too many Indians with Curry
Yeah, he's a looking
He's looking at it?
That's right
Well, while he's looking at it, because I'm sure it's-
Yeah, I hope we didn't miss it
I'm sure it's coming soon
I think so!
There you go
Miss her badly
By the way, my good friend Fat Rich had died at the table at our dining room table in Pompano Park case you missed it
A week ago Friday night
Still had the winning pick for a ticket in this pocket though they found it
I wonder who cashed it, Derek?
Let's hope it's coming in
I'm very proud of you
Let's hope it's brother
How did you find out that he had the ticket? Who told you that?
I think the sister, when you called it
The sister called the teddy that Rich had a winning pick for a ticket in this pocket
He had the winning pick for a ticket that he got the pick for
He was sitting at our table there in the dining room with Pompano Park
By the way, thanks again to Dick Feinberg and all the people at Pompano for being so nice
Not only to me but to Rich and Derek and everybody over the years they've really been great
But anyway, sitting at the table and he put his hands out his chest
This is getting this like third hand
It said, oh, I'm in big trouble
And then like collapsed and that was it
I guess if you're going to die, huh?
Right, go out big
Go out of winter
No, I mean, no, I'm not talking about going out of winter
But I guess it was quick and like-
Yeah
It was it, you know?
Pragic, great guy
But he had the winning pick for a ticket in this pocket
Now, I wonder which pocket because he always had tickets all over the pocket all over the place
Right, I have to find that out
Maybe it was a PETA pocket
Former Corin Gatoris Brian Hed Welch was baptized Saturday in the Jordan River
Just weeks after quitting his band, drug habits in Rock and Roll lifestyle for religion
He found the Lord
Oh my God
Yay! Welch found a member of the multi-platinum band
And about 20 other white robe Christian pilgrims from a Baker's Field California Church
Were immersed by their pastor Ron Villetti
Welch said the ritual baptism is washed away his anger
You know, when you get angry, it builds up
I felt like hurting someone before
Now I feel like hugging people he said
Huh, before I wanted to hurt you, now he wants to hug you and give it a squeeze it
Villetti said, Welch who has Jesus tattooed across his knuckles
And Matthew 1128 tattooed, primarily across his neck
Hmm, is already attracting a new group of young people to the message of Christianity
What bad news that is?
To the sick twisted message of Christianity
And how somebody died on a cross so we could they could forgive all of our sins
Oh, what other?
Gambling for example, which uh...
Exactly, okay
There's a little cable in the Bible that never mind that
In recent weeks people have committed their lives to God because they're so inspired by his story, Villetti said
Corin announced, well, it's a Rolls-Resonization last month after 13 years with a band
It's Corin with a cave, by the way, and they sure are special
Well, it said he had become increasingly depressed and drug addicted in recent years but that religion helped him quit
He said he plans to relate, nothing like a dry drunk like one of these, you know, born again, used to do this, used to do that
And now they turn to God, okay?
It's called a crutch, that's what religion is, crutch for weak people
He said he plans to release more music without the band
Oh, my songs are God saying things to me, him talking to people, he's gonna use me to heal people
And people are gonna be drawn to it, just watch, they will be, he said, just like then he's him
Thousands of pilgrims are baptized annually and the Jordan River were a queen of biblical traditions
John the Baptist baptized Jesus, he stuck them underwater
You know where he stuck them?
Where, right there in the river
Was it underwater, was it in the...
Backed home, I'm not sure
By the way, remember they baptized people naked then and still didn't
I beg your pardon?
Naked, you're supposed to be naked
Well, that's right, you've got a, that's a good way to get people naked, man
We're gonna baptize you, we're gonna stick you underwater
Why we work the runder?
Huh?
I worked in fatal attraction
Oh, he kept popping out of the water that bitch
Yeah, it's a man, it's a man
He kept popping up
Now let's see, who was that, don't tell me, not world-spirits, the other one, it looks like her
Glenda in the hood
You're very close
Gwinst, Meryl Streep and Glenda Close
Right
And up to me it's the same person, don't know, is it just me or do they, we know, they're both ugly bitches
Yeah, they're both nice, you know, we can't, but...
Who can't, we're a Purisseltin' know by the way
And we wanna apologize, George, we'll never put her ugly pictures or any other pictures of her on our website again
That was just, that was in the disgrace
That was almost as obscene as Greg Reed, Duamatti Bell
I think that we need a Rogers exclusive money
We need a Rogers exclusive money
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1-hour on Q-A-M
The Warriors and the jury are said and said the body are Michaels on the nervous side and settling diarrhea
If they find and kill the others, fans will pull their tops
Then it's not the prison for the former King of Bombs
That was taken in a tiny cell, there's no garden, no need in them
But that's where we ought to be, according to Tom Sneed
Not the famous people will be called the testifying
Will Michael Jacko be great for just right now to cry?
Jesus, you've seen secret rooms in Cornell on video
He's little children playing, catch with Michaels extra spare
No, his eating cookies late at night, his team is late at still
Reading that time story, falling in the kid's warm milk
If they indict Michael, he'll spend 40 years behind bars
Say goodbye to the various wheel and IE of bumper
Cars, what do you fancy, be said and some apples out of wind
Send him to a LA and go with OJ Samson
It's probably 2 at 5.60, I was speaking to OJ, I might as well do this story right now
OJ is furious with his brother for making him look bad
Oh yeah, what did his brother kill more people?
Up until that episode with that bus out there, OJ everybody respected him, at least a QIM
Talk about a hypocrite, this is any inquirer by the way, I got a whole bunch of good stuff from the inquirer
It says, talk about a hypocrite, OJ Simpson is furious with his brother for making him look bad
By being involved in an accident that killed a woman
That a scraped football hero who stood trial for murdering his wife and her friend wasn't even concerned
That his 58-year-old brother Melvin ended up injured and covered in blood
OJ was concerned only about his own image and inside of the trolley inquirer
The tragedy crew, well we know about the story, right? We had that story about he was driving a bus
And put a beep at a boom and he was a fellow sleep at the wheel
Police believed Melvin had been suffering through life symptoms and was nearly 8 hours into a shift
Felt asleep at the wheel, Melvin voluntarily gave a blood sample for booze and drug testing
But police don't suspect he was under the influence
Later the destruct driver said nobody could be more sorry, the accident was awful, I'm still in shock
But Melvin was getting no sympathy from his famous brother
OJ is furious within the insider told the inquirer
OJ is so selfish it's truly remarkable that he sees everything in terms of how it affects him
Even though it was an accident, OJ blames Melvin for bringing down more negative publicity on him
He told a friend, it makes me look bad, is what he said
Make you look bad, that's a tough assignment, OJ
Right
Look in the mirror, it looks really bad to me
God, 400 and now what do we got? Very slim totaler
You know we got, seriously, I don't know if I can do it
You can do it
We've had to do it a million times on this radio station because Greg Reed is full of crap
And because these people are never satisfied they can never leave things alone, they can't stop dittled and would stop
They just can't stop messing with you
But to turn a clock back and start all over again, I just don't know if I'm a dottering old fag, you know I'm like 62 years old
And this coming at a time when I get an email from Norma Kim
Who's more concerned about the fact that WFTL has offered him to do four to six afternoons every day
Than worrying about what the fact that Jeremy Coleman is serious
Lots of security than he arrived at your show on serious radio, how do you like that?
He sends me that note and then oh by the way, FTL, what is it?
Whatever that station is, I don't know what it is
Can you believe that? This is like a player's agent in baseball saying oh by the way Alex, they want to reassign you for a couple more years or whatever
The Yankees want you forever, but I'm going to play third base, you know
Make up your mind, are you an agent, are you a lawyer, are you some kind of a misfit, some kind of a make believe want to be baseball player
Talk show host and by the way your antagonist was on TV last night doesn't case you missed it
Rucker Howard is it?
Taggedest
409 votes pretty weak you see ordinarily by now an issue like this that you know that has to do with programming
We have we we be doing our thing like oh we got a shot of a thousand votes today, right?
We got a shot at 500 so we can assume half the audience is gone clearance you idiot
409 although the beach boys like that should we play 409 by the beach boys?
All right can you and recover from Greg Reeds latest blunders or are we doomed and around the building the scuttle
But is oh I was actually going up right again all see because that's all they understand is that everybody who listens to the radio must be a sports nerd
Well guess what how many sports nerds are there really?
Third man no, why see ain't going anywhere they're doing nothing they got your rose. That's it
They got the juicing toast and cornflakes. That's all they got they got squat they got Joe and actually Joe went down I understand a little bit
So it's not that our audience went over to Waxi. It's the fact that the stern people all vanish. It's the fact that the rest of the audience got sick and tired of turning in a radio
I have no idea who that was on the air waiting for Joyce to finally get offered them a sack that you sitting on over there
She had to send us one of those you know those rubber cushions you said I want to have bad Royds the Roy don't know
Yeah, that's a send us some donuts. Okay
Oh, I mean I had a line about that but I can't say it for 160 votes can we recover don't care I only listen to the O220 53%
See now ordinarily we'd say well that's really great. We got like an exclusive audience 53% that's not good see what I'm saying
Because we got nobody left and what does that say about the rest of the joint? No you just jerked the audience around too much
54 yes, I love the new lineup 44 the stern business was the end for Greg 37 we can only pray Waxi will destroy you guys look how many votes they got
Third man Greg is a genius 18 and the horse you and four leave clover must have fallen out when he stood up real fast
Reckon 13
What do we got here in other facts you may never know who's this from oh you may never fully recover until
Moe is gone although he is good for a few laughs
790 has no chance hump or a little dog or about a wash Joe show us so many ads it's almost un-listenable
Unlistenable of course Neil has no equal and that's why we got a three-share man in January because I have no equal
Audiences go I have some sweet and low but no equal what's popping with OJ is brutally bad I'd rather listen to boog over Moe
See there you go boog is on against all the one now the baseball season started how the hell can he be on Josh?
Well he won't be calling you know he's only going to call probably around 40 games so he'll be around
40 games I thought he was doing three games week for ESPN no no three games a week that's what I heard that's what we said
He's only going to be doing a total 40 games and he passed up the Marlon TV job for that let's ESPN man that's a big network
Oh yeah that's a big network ESPN that's really big time how's Dave O'Brien doing you heard from him lately
ESPN my ass let's see this is a finely lavatured can't touch the man dog no kidding by the way oh this is from Richard I heard the new Marlon's announced yes they rocked he burns
Dean oh no and the first few words I heard him say during the ball game I thought to myself what is guilty doing the baseball game for
Then I realized it was the new guy I wonder if anyone else out there heard the similarity in rock scene go these voices
It's early but to me sounded as boring as Dave Ann boring sorry that's my opinion well
I don't think he sounds like Goldie Roxy Bernstein how old is he about 15
Gildi and Roxy Roxy and Gildi sister Boca Brande could have dueling like
Yeah well I haven't heard Roxy Bernstein I have no plans and who in the world we got to game on Wednesday maybe I'll tune in for why do you think no probably not I'll probably have to lunch
out of the nice early lunch at 12 of 50 on Wednesday for the Marlon game and the Red Sox a growing hip hop or escalated is
Rapp Renegade the game took a verbal shop shot at his ex mentor 50 cent 50 cent during California content can I
I don't even want to read this you know something this whole rap thing
Dude what Josh told me to hear the break earlier in the show that you'd sent that story and we were both trying to figure out why
What do you mean why why that's our audience wait here we got a branch out baby we got to get the rap crowd out there
to say what I said fit to say what did I just get through saying
Fitty said the game took a verbal shop at a shot at his ex mentor well at least it was only a verbal shop
for a rapper that's kind of unusual usually a little more tangible than that and his ex mentor 50 cent
50 cent during California culture calling Fitty names and saying I ain't scared to get shot by him is
Larkin firm last night see this is really great for black culture in America this old rap
Cret and the fact that the media like and then they have the award shows you know the Grammys and this rapper gets it
Warp for this and 50 second yeah I know why I get Fitty said yeah
Yeah just blowing off some steam said the game is very Jeffrey Lickman how would anyone feel if friends their
Friends get shot he's angry this is a very bright guy he just reacted to what happened the game launched into his
Angry Tirey during a show with the Vault 350 Club and Long Beach Friday night
Lamb-based in 50 cent for what he believes with the rappers rule in the February 28 shooting outside hot 97's radio man
Hatton Studios. Oh let's see if we can get in on that get some shootings outside of hot 105
I said
No, or maybe power 96 would be good to for us
Literally dark. In fact, I got some people in mind it worked there right down the hall from power 96
The brazen attack left one of the games on to rise peanut wounded
The game said at 50 cents security guards hit my boy peanut. He then derided the rappers associates his cowards who envy him
What's wrong with this story? I think this is very important stuff is about American culture man
Which really sucks? No, I just went out reading it last night. I thought there was some kind of mistake or something
Well, what do you mean by that? Well, I don't get too many 50 cent articles from you. Well, why not?
We didn't think we gotta get with it man. I gotta get it. Hey, wait till you start getting the Wilson mid stories
Will I look at the game also threw a challenge at 50 cents a come and get him
Time to cry that if 50 cent had a problem with him it could come kill me look me confirm the game
Whose real name is JC on Taylor also attacked 50 cent for criticizing him on a high 97 airwaves even as bullets were flying outside
How many?
Fitty the also this video is X mentors claims that he was blue different 50 cents rap group G unit
The game told the California crowd a quick to group look me confirm Taylor also said that 50 cent had a more limited role
To make me was they view out of the documentary than 50 cents been claiming police beast beef up security hip-hop spots around the city because of the
Boyling brood between the two camps the rap world's been looking vulnerable of latest 50 cent feuds with rappers such as
judicus fat Joe and nads judicus wait one more time
what
judicus
Jada kiss jada kiss there you go. Oh you a jada kiss fan. No, no
Fattio and nads look and said that despite his clients on stage vending what
Litman said that despite his clients on stage vent. Hey, well, I'm proud that I don't know any of these people order a music
And I took it to use the term loosely. I'm proud. I am fat and round and proud way ahead of me
I wasn't even aware of this story what game said in the concert had nothing to do with the shooting
He also said the game is everybody to criticize someone like 50 cent in public
I think the games comment speaker itself. He said we're in America. You can say whatever. He wants I support is right to pre-expression and then
It was great. I don't even like that. That's the American ever that's the rap in Ethan ways what we said
And yo yo yo set your vc ads my good TV guys the rush right out and steal yourself a TV
So you won't miss the inner city hip hop. I get your most
In this rap music awards are your favorite rap star to be there LL cool J top daddy
Eminem heavy deep and any other artists got that in the name be sure to all pack and 40s baby
We'll turn them off
Maybe we should do so much
Away from me, man, what you talking about?
Why look so get your holes?
I'm
Best open up six. I call was cuz you don't want to miss a minute in a city hip hop
I kicked your mother
New little ball. I bet you want to go to the war show?
That what you want?
I'm gonna just get you ass for the show star bitch that Thursday night on the WP in the city hip hop
I kicked him up
Rap musical award
You keep looking me like that. I'm gonna
From 19 at 5.50 you see I'll teach you to make fun of my 50 cent story, okay?
Now what was wrong with that, but it had some a lot of good bleeps in it right and all the appropriate places I think I would like to think so
I think they were just all we're fine is what I thought
457 votes on a pool we want to went out today that WQM is signing off here at midnight tonight
It's been nice being with you. We're shutting the place down. We're gonna auction off all of the equipment
Somebody the used microwave the what else we got in there? We got a little fridge and a blender a little refrigerator
We got a blender in air man, right? We got some old cans of what what was that stuff? What stuff?
The drink that's that we were hawking for a while there. Oh the
Enter what I don't know. Interacts. That's it. Right. We got some of that
We got a bunch of we got some old Luis Miguel photos in there
We got some new pictures of Maddie Bell doing the screw-in. We got some really great stuff in there
I see a lot of them off low fat mushroom soup. Well, we actually off at a corner of 441 and I was very rude starting to do them tomorrow
5.507, you know, it goes to show you how little audience we got left because the thing about the date county the facts
Got the polls aren't open and date today now ordinarily if we had like even a hundred people listen
Immediately we'd had either a facts or a call or something to clarify what's going on in date county
We know what's going on in Howard because that's where our people are and date county
The Noah's spigot in glaze and we can't get no information
Sue M. Sam what do you say you can tell you you can feel it when you've been doing this a long time and little people like
Clarex can send his little office there playing junior program director and pretend he's got some clues
What's going on and trying to like place psychoanalysation with me like oh well you don't consider yourself a three-year bronchard
No, I don't but the fact that a matter of I consider myself doomed because I'm on your station. That's what I consider
But nevertheless W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, sir
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no
Come in a Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Well, these are good man
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I don't think you have any caught in the news
Over the weekend Martha Stewart was released from nobody cares about Martha Stewart
Okay, I don't want to hear one word about Martha Stewart if I caught it over the news
How could you miss it if you were if you were in a coma all weekend long if you were doing your Terry chival invitation
You couldn't evade it like she's a hero
I don't care what she is other than a pasty old bitch. I don't care about Martha Stewart
But she's so thin. Yeah, good. Maybe she can get some of Christie Ali's of poundage
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the right. See what I'm saying. We're not gonna get the answer to that question
There's no chance. Oh, we got a bunch of now. Let me just see something
Okay, I just want to make sure because I'm over that one day over that day when the line is working W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
This Q.A.M. This is WQ.A.M. Yes, sir
We asked you wanted to say that somebody might be trying to call in with the election
Why the polls aren't open but no one's answering the problem. Well, I'm answering the phone right now. What's the reason why I open a day time?
Well, I called like five times and no one answered the phone right now. What is the answer, sir?
I'm just telling you I had a lot of trouble getting through and I don't know
Oh, he doesn't know he's got nothing to say but he knows so you're taking up a line at somebody who might know the answer could be credit calling and you idiot you
Boso you you cymbalton perfect that was perfect you fairy you I saw that again. They're by the law. It's great
Can't get him Roger. That is so good. You're a child you fairy
What do you work with man? Oh
Man and I love when Kevin Spacey turns to Jack lemon says he asked him why he's gonna turn him in because I don't
You're showing
Shilling the machine Levine baby. He'd be good in our sales department. He'd fit right in. He was he was Bob Eisenberg. Somebody QA. I'm hello
We don't care. That's why the balls aren't open because somebody a few. I am hello
Yeah, because they're not giving any beans out there. Is that it? Hello? Yeah, Neil
Yes, listen, I think the reason for your three is that little
Sticky leave on the air when you're done with dog freaking call man terminal terminal show. I just like I hear his voice
I just turn right over. Yeah
That's what lots of new with my numbers right. I know that people always know never turn out a show if they don't like what's on after it
That makes a lot of sense to me, you know, don't don't do it. How many QA and hello?
QA and I'm going to fast how many QA and hello
I don't know. Yes, sir. I just wonder how bretter is doing first of all and
I was
You know Tony bretter
They know what they know verdict yet. I'll I'll let you know
Okay, and also Michael Jackson. Yeah, they put him with Bill come on
Okay, great how many QA and hello. I think he's a little too old for Bill. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir. Any other way around. Yes. I heard you mentioned something about a popcorn with the series
But I didn't catch the whole thing. Could you explain that? Hey, I got news for him
My agents are more on okay, so don't worry about it
I'm not gonna waste my time talking about it. He's more worried about he's got they offered him four to six on F2
Yo, this man is an agent like how my rocket science is okay
What a loser what a goofball just a wannabe man. I want to be the spent all your time in those meetings
Okay, what the unmentionedable one. That's what you ought to be doing normally more of those documents back and forth and more
This a dog and pony show that you put on okay, forget about everybody else's career because you're you're a radio star man
You're a big shot on WFTL. Wow. Maybe you can be on with Joyce Kaufman WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Simple solution for the Floridian if jab bushing for we are gifted if he's a guest that we should be forward
Okay, the DS five times. Okay. Don't forget the S people vote tomorrow. The no people wins the in Thursday
WQ a.m. Hello. I'm born again. WQ a.m. Hello
News of world
WQ a.m. Hello
Hold on. Let me guess the number on my ass hold on. What is this hold on crap? What have you done to us hold on for the person that's
He's supposed to be making the call. Yeah, right. Nobody Q.A.m. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Glad to feed you back
Here I'm on that miss that George did do a good job. That's a wonderful job. We that's a given. There's no need
We have something especially now
He's a bad mouth behind your back and you know how yeah, I'm not what I'm hearing. Yeah. Yeah
This was a side track on a story about
Chris rock or was that kid right? I'm sure George. No, you ain't on the details. All right
Still a lot of life WQ a.m. Hello. Neil. Yes, my partner and I both voted yes and
My significant
They sit in the Miami-Herald always back when they first when they announced the you know the
Early voting
Only said they were and I'm gonna be voting on my say queen. That's a chronic queen
26 past noon at five 60 WQ a.m. If you're in the market for a new car truck
Don't put it off one more minute
It's time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead right now get yourself behind a wheel of a new 05 forward
If you want super low financing or cash back
Armstrong for the homestead has your deal for a limited time get 0% financing a new focus
Ref 150 super crew get 0.9% on the escape or crown Victoria
If you prefer cash back how about three thousand dollars on the Ford freestyle minivan
Four grand back in a Ford F650 truck or you get you five thousand dollars cash back on the F750 truck
If you're in a military if you have a relative in the military no matter if it's active duty reservists
National Guard or Coast Guard armistrow and Ford or homestead are proud of you a military appreciation discount
Only when you buy from Armstrong for when you get their exclusive tires parts and batteries for life program
Plus a free floor to sun pass to David rich and a whole staff at Armstrong for homestead will guarantee you the best price
And do just about anything to make you a happy customer for life because you're locally owned and operating they want to get to know you's
Armstrong for the homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 check them out on the web at Armstrong cars.com
Then drive a little and save thousands from Armstrong Ford of homestead
You're listening to me, you're the Neil Rogers exclusive way on 5.6
You a.m.
Get and speak it
So much better Bush's plan is unacceptable
But damn it, Pazza and that's the same little critical
They can see play me with George Bush is trying to pull
And it gets some Congress and that will be a miracle
Social security is what we have at issue here
You can't predict how you will be in your retirement years
You're trying to build your little nest that you're working on
Living in your new year 65 and then your money's gone
When you're the president sometimes you're not really low
Understand what I mean when I say that Bush will never be lost
What you really convinced that he can solve all the marital streams
He says he sees a future but that's kind of hot for us to believe
He says he sees a future but that's kind of hot for us to believe
Oh, 32 and 5.60. Nobody come. We got Mohawar David it. Oh,
Don't don't don't don't like it or not at two o'clock. We got mad dog at four and galley at seven
He did or not. Oh, guess who could have stayed alive but chose to end his own life. You know this story Johnny Carson
How do you know that I read the car?
Here Johnny
Well, we knew you already did this no, I didn't talk about it
He ordered the hospital staff to pull the plugs he was done. It could have kept him alive
They could have kept him breathing
Like that, but he didn't want to be a pain in the ass. He didn't think that was a way to go
And so he said pull a plug maybe do a you know don't keep me alive like Terry freaking shy
Well, it's a good thing Jeff Bush didn't know about it. He'd have probably flown out there, right?
Maybe know he does though. It's a good terrible
So if I get back to that fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, you know
I go to woodbine racetrack on an average of about two times a week sometimes three sometimes one
I took a couple weeks off there because I had a bad run but nevertheless
And they've got a beautiful casino there attached to the track
You can get on the escalator and go right up to the track and watch or you can actually go outside and be a trackside and
There is no crime there. There is no violence. There is no hysteria
There is a beautiful beautiful place where enormous numbers of people come where people have a good time
Most people of course lose like in any other former gambling, but nonetheless
Nobody's gonna force anybody to go there and I have a great time there
It's a beautiful place. They have a fine restaurant and what's not to like?
So all the this picture that they try and see this is what so amusing
It would be one thing if we were talking about opening up full casino is like we did years ago
We didn't have a china in the sense and back then the problem the biggest problem was we were always held hostage by the other
65 counties in the state
They didn't where I had no chance to choose their own destiny because it had a past state wide
So all of a sudden finally it did pass state wide back in November just barely
But it didn't pass state wide that they didn't buy where thank you so much rest of the state were allowed to
To their own destiny you want to have casino and I've got a casino
You want to have the slot machines and the peer mutuals?
We want to have some action if you want to improve the quality of the per mutual industry then great if you want
Zidians to dollars for education if you want 18,000 new jobs then great nobody is gonna force you to go there
All of this talk about bringing crime what is that what are these people talking about?
I would like to ask you this question
Where do you feel safer in a casino in Las Vegas or in downtown Miami?
Oh come on there. We're walking around in high alia
Where do you feel safer?
That's one thing I don't worry about at woodbine is like is somebody going to pick my pocket is
They're not enough security is uh
This is his story. It's madness the kind of image that this fat ass governor is just trying to conjure up along with his partners in crime
And I guarantee it I once this whole thing is over with regardless of the turnout and a better damn well-passed
But if it doesn't you're gonna fight out that a lot of this money this anti-c casino money came from the same forces who did it back in November
There's no reason it would be anybody else
They don't want a piece of the pie. They want the whole pie and you ain't getting any of it
You're getting nothing pie no tax benefits no nothing
So if you people want to continue making Mickey or us an abit or richer and richer all the time
We just cruises than all where and you want to subsidize the freaking Indians and go right ahead
I'll pass over this kid
Anyway, here's the fact it says to that man who said they were closed today all of the early voting places in data are closed
They accept the elections the department main office 2300 readers at 2700 Northwest 87th Avenue and Stephen Pete Clark Metro Center
111 Northwest first three both are open from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Like right now
And of course all the voting places will be open tomorrow 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. and date and in
Okay took us a long time to get this. Thank you so much whoever sent this in now. Why would they be doing that in data wonder?
I don't know they're evil because they are evil. Dave County is evil. Make no mistake about that
In fact just a couple of days before he passed away at the track fat rich and I exchanged emails
He said to me I'm finally taking your advice. I'm moving from day two
Didn't get the opportunity. Yeah, what a shame. That's probably what kill them is living in day all those years
The fat was just incidental because Dave County's a killer look when it did to Steve Clark
I don't think it was the booze
511 votes on a poll pretty weak. Okay. We have we have got a lot of work to do boys and girls
We got a roll-up bar sleeves just like Ross P. Rose said years ago. Remember that?
Right and they have a roll-up for slaves and look out of the engine and do do do and quite frankly right now
I feel like going to do in a good do-do, you know, we got some music
Not that I need to do it just feel like good the need is no longer there 514 votes can WQM recover from Greg Reeds
Latest blunders are are we doomed?
doomed to a fate that only someone like him a bozo like him and his partner in crime joys could create for the once great Q.A.
And for the once high flyers here man
We used to be high flyers now we're bottom feeders. We're calling around sucking on the barnacles. How do you like that? You?
Exactly in fact, that's probably some of the same stuff that Goli was feeding Moana one bit remember that
514 votes don't care. I only wasn't in the old 272.5% well thank God for them, but
No, you've jerked the audience around too much 68 and keep in mind this poll doesn't include all the 80 million people that have left and they come in back
They're not looking back. They're gone
Yes, I love the new line of 55
The Stern business was the end for Greg 43. Waxi will destroy you guys 37
You guys are toast Greg is a genius 23 and the horseshoe and for the clerk must have fallen out meaning you got up real fast and
Yeah, had a crack problem 18 said that out of 514
If we really press it Josh, I think we can get the 600 votes today. I think oh sure. Yeah, you can do that put on the full court press
56705 60 pound 560. I mean you know I go away for a week on vacation. I'll do only go to Montreal
You know what the problem is with Montreal beside the weather is too cold frauds
They are disgusting. I'm sitting in my machine. Who's my ass there in her casino?
I'm sitting there and here's this big fat French woman with her big fat purse, okay?
Not once not twice, but three times. She can't see. I'm sitting there
I mean am I like a little guy? Am I like invisible hard to see and she keeps like
Worship past, you know, I'm practically not going to be out of my chair the third time
She looks at me and goes pardon me pardon me and I thought to myself pardon me my fat ass you crazy French bitch
What the hell are you doing can't you see where you're going? It's sitting in the bag. You know, she's like a like a wet
Miscible nasty frog other than that. It's a pretty good. Come in the QAM. Hello
Yeah, now yes, sir. Hey listen. We got these swab machines already the money's going off you are
Let's keep it right here. Let's get some hotels still some entertainment the restaurant. Oh, we're cut the crap
All right cut the crap that's the model. Thank you. That's the model for tomorrow cut the crap finally, okay?
El gubernatory whatever the hell you are you fat ass phony with your devious plans
I still say how he managed to get reelected
I really have to wonder you know who wrote the book of love
I'm eager reelected. He's Christian. He's one of our little boi
If you want South Florida to be controlled by a bunch of Bible something red next by all means then
I'll Wednesday when the no votes will be permitted to go vote go and vote no
But if you're sick and tired of having these people lead you around by the nose more realizing for you
Then get out there tomorrow or even today. I don't know. Yes several times
The the hoots put at this man is god to come into South Florida all of a sudden like because you brought a house in Miami
Well, big-s think and deal who now gives a crap on your about a house
One thing I can't stand is people telling other people how to from long distance, you know like me sitting here
20 till one oh thank god. I'm out there. I just oh you have no idea. Yeah, I do every idea. Oh
My god and here and when Todd direct him and there's more why didn't you protect me from that? Why don't you give me like a word of warning?
He you know the microphones on the other side of the board. Oh
Good you don't have to walk past me. I wasn't prepared for that
20 till one at QAM hey audio horse racing fans and poker players
Poppano Park racing and poker as all the gambling action you could want
Located just to have mom from both i95 and a Florida turnpike
Poppano Park features free admission and free general parking every day live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at noon goes until midnight live racing gets underway nearly at 725 pm including tonight
Coming up this Saturday March 12th is the most amazing firework stunt
Show ever seen staring us through in Vincent Sylvestero and his unbelievable racehorse hand me silver
Sylvester will stand on the chats of his race by cold the reins in his teeth and shoot off more than
2000 rounds of fireworks from a platform on his bike while
Hand me silver races around the track. You don't want to miss this great fireworks. Don't show the Saturday March 12th
Also this Friday March 11th poppano park will have a money machine at the track
We can win chance to have a thousand dollars in betting vouchers now think I don't understand on this copy
Is this copy for today? Steve will because I thought tonight was the big night
I thought it was March 7th was free spirated in right in this in the fourth floor dining room. Isn't it? I don't know
I think you could find me get the free spirated inner in the fourth or
Thing at poppano park. I can't believe that Steve will do this to me
Poppano park a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule
Call 954 972 2000 or go online at poppanopark.com and don't forget to vote yes for slots tomorrow or today
And the no people can wait till Wednesday, please
I met and trail of Super Bowl 39
No good because it's all missing from the news sports irritated commemorative video Super Bowl 39 pouring old guy have to show dude
Grand Bond stage. I think that's that Peter McCarthy dude from the Rolling Stone
It's free with your subscription to sports irritated the magazine for people who still like to get their sports news
The boring old way on paper. Oh wait wait
He didn't look that the carpegid can't even lift him. He's actually singing man old people are so lame
Get your free sports irritated Super Bowl 39 pouring old guy have to show video today specify dd or meHS
HS
What's that?
Compromptu six and five sixty wtqm against being on a dirty lyrics and violence and the 50 cent one of your favorite people
The Reverend Al Sharpen
Sidhill proposed a 98 ban on radio and tv or play for any performer who uses violence and their music to make a profit
The activist and former presidential candidate passed plans to ask the FCC and major radio broadcasters around a country to support the ban
There has to be a way to step in and regulate what's going on with the airwaves and with violence Sharpen told the leaving news and the
Visitions the airwaves are being used to romanticize urban violence and you know what he happens to be
Absolutely correction even though it's against the
censorship Sharpen's announcement follows last week shooting at the whqhd studios
There was suspected to be started by a few between rappers 50 cent in the game. See we got too many cent stories today
How do you like that Josh? Wow lower in that demographic to like a death plus four
Kevin read a 24 year old member of the games otterage was shot in the leg in the lobby of hot 97 soon after 50 cents
And he was booting the game from his G unit clique
We may not be able to stop people from shooting but we can stop people from profiting from the violence Sharpen said
He said he would not try to broker peace between artists
It would not come I specifically on the food between the two rappers
But he said in literary plans to send the FCC and broadcast networks that the outcry against violence and music should get as much attention
As Janet Jackson Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction any again is
I recall the outrage that the FCC and others displayed in response to the Super Bowl for performance ejection
Yet when acts of violence happen around radio stations that actually caused bloodshed
There's been a stranger disturbing silence from all squatters he said
I don't think it's a quarter. I think it's two quarters which is 50 cent
Emmett
Last time I checked all of course two quarters in 50 cent. They were too much nowadays
That's why what's his name Warren
Beatty made all that money was that more in Buffett? No, he made all that money investing betting against the dollar
Do you see any millions of dollars in last a few days? I missed that
Warren Buffett and Little Miss Buffett I think they're going after those curds
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon singular wireless lines
Look at these calls today man our few and far between the quality is sensational as usual but man it's kind of tough
Huh, well, it's kind of the turnover, you know, so that's another thing
See when clearance says to me this morning with a straight face they use the term straight very loosely in his case
Do I consider myself a three share talk show? No, I consider you a three share program director
That's my response. How's that?
Right. Is that more appropriate? Would you say I say that's right up your alley clearance
And by the way get that checked there by Thursday. Please on time this time as opposed to the last time when it's standard route
Some box there nothing changes remember I asked that question when I re-solve I re-appless to you
I said why did I do that? No, then what's gonna change and they ask you absolutely nothing?
Nothing will ever change in that joint
WQA and hello
Yes
Yes, yeah, I heard that when will Smith won for president this
Absolutely correct you got it man
WQA and hello you sound better than WK okay well
He's sound better than every K by Mike having you died yet can we pull it?
I didn't tell you well. Let's get a two-for-deal inventory shiver on the same day. Ooh
WQA and hello
Give our fatties governor something else to get tied up with yes
You know what I didn't realize governor Bushley was so against
gambling in Florida. I guess this is a fine that he's gonna do away with the lottery. Oh no, that's a lot of money man
He loves the lottery
Sure, that's okay. It's okay to have the Indians the seminal
You know taking billions of dollars and not giving a dime to the state that's okay
How about fan-ass Mickey Erison what about him that great?
I don't love that sure he needs that money to pay for Shaq
Yeah
Mickey me oh I'd rather give the money to Mickey work
I do like that for rehab five six seven oh five sixty count five sixty the audacity
I think governor Jeb this may blow up on this face, you know what I think it may turn out to be a glanslide
On the outside. I mean I don't want people to be complacent
But I think he's gonna piss off so many people otherwise and we've already had fances from people who said
Well, I wasn't really interested one way to do that. I wasn't gonna make the effort to vote
But since he came out against it. I'm gonna vote for it just because he pisses me off so much because he's such a fat ass
Tipper quit okay, and he's talking about crime crime. You mean like smuggling right snorting coke
Is that what you're talking about that kind of crime?
Right
He's got a crack problem. That's his problem. That's what happens when he got a big fat ass
You got a crack problem. I should know believe me about fat ass. I thought you were talking about crack
Same thing like Oprah. She's got a big crack problem. Nobody Q.A. Am hello
Q.A. Am hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing, man? Okay. Just have you back
Even though George did a bang-up job last week. Yeah, I got the couple things man
What's the go-am I always hear you talking about? I'm a young bug. I have no idea what you're talking about
Go-am are non-juice. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. And the other thing is about the about the female thing. Yeah
I think it's a good idea even though you know, they don't give them they don't give anything for education because with a lottery
My freaking school didn't get they didn't put a door knob on the damn school. Yeah, that's the way I feel
You know, they don't give nothing back to the school. They just keep the money from self. That's the way I feel
Okay, am I gonna argue with him? No, no, no, I might argue with city sand but then again
Maybe not
Dutch liberal stance on drugs begins to crumble oh my god
Making a hash of it is the headline in this article for the past 18 years Michael Velling and his staff have been serving up such delicious white widow and
Blueberry in his wood panel coffee shop in the heart of Amsterdam
Why so dad went out and got a blackberry so they're doing blueberry? Okay for the list five euros. That's
650 visitors can smoke a cannabis joint and cafe decouille and sip a beer while listening to music ranging from Frank Zappa to Mozart
Now that's I've been to Amsterdam a thousand times actually lived there. Those are two or three summers never heard
Hey there people on
No Frank Zappa while I was there. I guess I missed out. Huh you're going to the wrong clubs. Oh
The 50-year-old bar owner and political activist said my main concern is to make sure there's a good mix of people at my coffee shop
And they get basically they get the best quality grass and meridioenie
But the Dutch coffee shop system is under threat
According to one of the countries leading drug specialists and a government advisor cannabis coffee shops and cafe bars will be extinct within five years
Oh my god the number of cannabis outlets is already declined from the peak of nearly 1500 to about 750
Only about a fifth of Dutch towns and cities have coffee shops and that number is shrinking
The can't clamp down camp down remember the camp town races. No
The camp town's being played on more conservative attitude by the coalition government and local mayors and pressure from other EU members
Who does it prove to the Dutch approach when they go to Holland? They look around and go EU like that
Right they shift in attitude was acknowledged by the UN earlier this week the annual report by the International Narcotics Control Board
The INCB which is part of the UN noted that the Needle and government informed them of a crucial on significant change
And it's policy on cannabis. They're folding man used to be they were rolling and other folding
It said the Dutch government is promised to take tephoration against drug tourists
Street dealing what I like that. Oh man those rasta the cannabis roaring in the coffee shops
The report stated the Dutch government notes that coffee shops made a spread at the drug policy of the country in general
Professor Hamid Godsey president of the INCB said there's been a crucial and significant change in the Dutch cannabis policy
They stay now for the first time that cannabis is not harmless and the coffee shops are not blameless
Among the measures being introduced is a private scheme in the province of Limburg
Or I love their cheese which bands foreigners from buying drugs in coffee shops to kill the trade and tourists coming over the nearby borders with Germany and Belgium
A study is being made of strong forms of cannabis
Which is actually lead to a ban of these varieties
In addition, they place their targeting people who go cannabis at home
If they're not going to do away with the shrooms though, that's a good thing. Seeds shrooms all these things
In Britain
There's nothing about Canada here which Canada is right on the verge
But anyway Britain cannabis has been downgraded from class B to class C position of a small amount
Seeds to be in a restable offense in most situations
Often they're still either part of arrest usually the drug is to be confiscated and users warned
The maximum penalty for possessive been reduced from five years to two years
Needle ends
In Holland dealing in small quantities of cannabis through coffee shops is technically illegal drug uses not an offense
Possessing up to 30 grams
As a minor offense though uses an out prosecuted possessing more than 30 grams
Is a criminal offense with a C O A E N C E got an offense
Speaking of on the fence on their tour of tsunami
Damage in Southeast Asia former president Bill Clinton once alive is predecessor
Former president George Herbert Walker bushed a sleep on the planes only bed while he
Stressed out on the floor wasn't that white of him?
Ice gone Bubba the jet the government playing in which the president's truly disaster area had one large bedroom
Another room with tables and seats a coin interview with Bush in this week's news week
Bush 80 said Clinton offered ahead of time to give the older former president the bedroom
So we could lie flat and avoid painting his body
Clinton 58 decided to play cards the other room that night got on those who he was doing there
Next morning Bush said he peeked in and saw Clinton sound asleep on the planes flow
We cut a switch places each getting half the night in the bed. They deferred to me
That was a very courteous thing very thoughtful and I meant a great deal to me Bush said those are getting pretty tight
You know I noticed I noticed
Bush said he and Clinton are not close but have been compatible on the tour partly because Clinton respects his age
Because it's an old funny daddy old fart and believe me if anybody knows what that's all about trust me
Oh old funny daddy fart. Oh, well it seems to me like you're catching up. Yes, I said place
Probably Maddie Bell who wishes you would rot in hell
567 votes on the pool very weak very weak. We might get to 600. I have my doubts
Maybe if we can extend a show to like four what do you say give mode that they all?
Don't go back into like 585 can QAM recover from Greg reads blunders or are we doomed?
Don't care. I only listen to the old 297 took you 2.3 percent
No, you've jerked the audience around too much 75. Yes. I love the new line up 61
The steering business was the end for Greg 47 waxy will destroy you guys 40 Greg is a genius 27
And the horseshoe and for the clover must have fallen out. He stood up real fast
When in doubt they fell right out 20 for that
I'm a lord
His poor twin will face it to you a M
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
Hi from the Santa Barbara Superior Court. It's the Michael Jackson celebrity witness. I show
Picture a star seven line up of character witnesses for the defense scheduled to appear when he joked
Nick and Aaron Carter Ed Bradley and Toby Ryan Michael Jackson is one white woman. I've never attacked with
Performance is by Diana Russ Cory Povich Chris Tucker Larry King Stevie Wonder Cory Feldman
Yuri Eller and Jay let oh if Michael Jackson goes to jail
Who am I gonna make father my model or plus Steve Harvey Elizabeth Taylor T. Fox show for David Lane Martin
The sheer and the very special guest appearance my Debbie roll my move in it's as long as my mouth you check the right it's all coming out on the Michael Jackson celebrity witness
I chose one or two at five sixty WQM. I'll pass on it still see nothing about Bobby Blake where you wonder why why also only 10 oh two in the morning out there
Oh, it goes. I see they're just getting going. I wonder if I turned on court TV
Do you think that they might be all over it on top of its leader court TV?
He raised of killing parents. This is a different trial come on. Well, let's go with it about me Blake thing
I'd like to see him get off or near. Yeah me too
I'll drive him home five six seven oh five sixty pound fan. We have a few laughs together. Right. We can come as a rate on the average and singular
Rottles lines. How many Q. I.M. Hello?
Yeah, I can't talk to Neil speaking. Neil. I think somebody shoots a
Gackey in the lobby of Q. A.M. Yeah, and he's special reason they're just in general or just with the helmet. Maybe we can get fitty set. What do you say?
Yeah, just just in the leg. We're not talking about anything serious. You know what?
Sure. It would be their wake up. Maybe how about Dave and boy should have been a foot a little bit maybe in the toe.
My wake them up. Get him out of that coma. In fact, have you ever seen Terry Shival and Dave and boy together? Same person.
Maybe Wednesday before that game. Now you know, well that game is in Jupiter. You don't get to go on those games, right? No.
But why not? I have to do the show and I don't know. Jim Crawford doesn't so. Oh, tree Crawford does it. There's a good guy.
I mean, I've never seen do anything engineering wise, but he's a good guy. Big tall guy about eight feet tall. Right.
Never still afraid train. Of course, when it comes to engineering, WNQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, this guy, the
current of Bush, they're showing boldly what they're doing that they don't realize, uh,
what they say. He's got an appetizer. He's saying that
Dave and Brow are how they're going to get any money because most of the money
know he doesn't say most of the money says the money is going to go out to say, does he?
is what he said. You see the corner of Browerm and, uh, day only.
You see the corner of all day. All day until Wednesday. Oh, because he heard back today.
The way he, uh, he talks he don't care about the rest of the rest of the uh, counties. I mean, the state
get any money at all. Uh, it's all a poor. Okay, Neil. Okay, put it on. 5 6 7 0 5. There's something really
strange with this whole phone thing today. The way these are. I don't know. You know what I'm saying?
No, what he says. Okay, forget about it. Line nine. You know who it is already. QAAM. Hello.
Thanks for home, all right. Sounded like Hank. Oh, that was playing a bit. WQAM. Hello.
QAAM. Yes, I try to come on the car. Yeah, go ahead. Oh, hello. I'm sorry. I just want to say that, uh,
for President Bush is going to deny us the right to slot and yet they're going to go ahead and approve.
President Bush, not President Bush. I'm sorry. Governor Bush, one in the same. Uh, you can
deny us the slots and yet they're going to go ahead and approve a stadium that 82% of people are
against. What happened to us, you know, people were damn working for us. Well, he doesn't give a
crap about the people. And let me see it again. I told the people before they get what they deserve.
And they put it back in there again after seeing four years of what a total jack as he is.
And totally irresponsible. What a dysfunctional family he's got. And a hypocrite in the
phone. He but nevertheless they put him back in there again. And now they're reaping the,
there's so he's sown it and now they're reaping it. Yeah. And they're reaping and weeping.
Now I can only hope we can take back the way down to 2008. It'll be great. Thanks a lot,
oh yeah, we're going to take another talking condolese. Oh,
green condolese against Hillary. Oh, that's what they're talking. That's the scuttle but that's
crazy. Well, aren't you seeing that? Aren't you reading it? Aren't you smelling it? I
ignore it. Oh, I'm discussing it. Starting to make Paul Martin with pretty good A. We got 600
votes yet or not. We can do it. We got 597. I think if they come pouring in and the ones like the
calls into one of the day, we can do the same thing. Well, this is brutal, man. This is, I just,
I was not prepared for this, you know, and I'm not just talking about the vacation because some
people are out of Georgia. And what's going on with George, okay? And I have to do with this,
it's been going on for weeks now. We are suffering a great-read, a traumatic blow. We have been
struck, stricken. Exactly. You jackass, Greg. In fact, let's get, let's hand him up there to
Tallahassee. He and our governor, our fat ass governor, can hang out together,
compare worse brothers suits. I'll tell you one thing. Greg can't compete with that.
Greg, don't fat ass that your governor's got. Cut. He got an ass like a Pudge Rodriguez without
the Royes. WDQYM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, this is a good news about that Bush commercial.
Yeah. He tells everyone to go vote on a Tuesday. But no. Yeah. Take a listen to it.
He's the wrong information. What is the right information, sir? To vote no on Wednesday.
Okay. I'm going to clarify that. That's right. I forgot. The no people you vote on Wednesday,
the S people vote today and tomorrow. A little slow on the uptake. Okay. I don't, you don't
get to work my way back into it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and you've a rising in the
singular wireless lines. Majority of Floridians, most of them don't, they like the idea of investing
social security tax in the stock market. But not if that means losing benefits when the market
drops. Have you heard anything so stupid in your life? Yeah. All the time. That's like saying,
oh, we'd like to go to the track, but only if we can win. Right. I mean, that story. What kind of
kaka is that? Kaka? Man. Just another excuse to reach into your pocket and put the money in the
pockets of his big money for ends. That's what it's all about. Make no mistake about it. Booted.
I think we need to take about 2000 calls between now and two o'clock to build it up to a fever
pitch for the momyze. Let's do it. 600 and some votes already. We tapped the 600 mark in
spite of Josh's skepticism. Right. But you just haven't been the same since you said that
Roxy Bernstein sounded like guilty. I thought that was a real low shot. God just comes in now. He's
brand new. You don't want to come. Some slack him. Give him a couple of weeks. Okay, then
Ruffman ass. He sounds like a little girl. Somebody Q a.m. Hello.
I think we need to take him like 2000 calls. Q a.m.
The building up for two or three. No, no, no patience, man. Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Neil.
Yes, sir. What makes me laugh about the fatty boy up from Calah. What makes you laugh about our fat ass
governor, sir? Not fat ass. I just call it fatty boy. You know, if he's so much against the
crime that the that the that the uh, uh, uh, Islamist change of bringing in,
ultimately has an elected 24 foot high chain link fences around these uh, reservations.
They're not giving any money to the state. So we can direct the fence around our territory.
Well, he don't want to take on them Indians, man. They don't fight fear. You know, how they don't vote?
They don't vote. They don't vote. They got their own people. They don't, it's it's it's just makes me
hysterical laughing that he's worried about crime and even the PBA. The cops support the
opi estimate. Right. So and he's against it, but the cops support. They they're the
least Indians. Maybe he likes smoking on those uh, those uh, uh, wormfares. They're
Yeah, peace of the fight. Have a good day. Good luck to you, pal. Who knows? Maybe he knows
Nepho for all we know, you know? Maybe few sacks getting passed around there somewhere. Who knows
what's going on really? For sure. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the
river. Who knows if we're going to get the real result of the poll? Oh, man, that's another thing.
See? Nobody's even talking about that yet. Oh, they wouldn't fix another election. Would they? Oh,
not in Florida. No, no way. No chance. Nobody to Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? All right.
Yeah, also as far as the crime, I haven't heard any crime statistics out of the heart rock. I
don't see nobody getting beat up from robbed over there. So I, I found a loose my money. I rather
lose it and give it to the state, you know? Hey, man. Hey, man to that. So Jeff, what does
you are a jackass? Hey, man again. You are a jackass and screw the Indians is what we say.
Mickey Harrison even more. Okay, till it hurts till he's got bleeding, losing roids. You think?
I know. He makes me nauseous. And the fact that again, you know, the Mayor teeny P&E came in here,
made that backdoor deal, broke his promise to the public, built that stadium, slipped the Mickey,
the big of people in Dave County, built that monument to greed and nothing, and nothingness.
And of course, if they didn't have, they didn't have that, I hold it up, then the public
would be up at arms about that too. But now they now they're very quiet because they got,
and as far as sports, that's all they got to hang on to. Because the dolphins bite the big one,
the panthers don't exist no more. And then that's it. Am I right? That's, that's all right. And of
course, the Marlins are just getting going out with that $83,000 stadium. But then nobody wants to,
then nobody wants to pay for it. Nobody wants to go to. Nobody wants to go to their freaking
orange bowl. Why do you people go to get it? When are you going to get it? Are they ever going to get
it? No. No. No. It's this desperation about, you know, build a something, build a something,
we'll think wherever you're going to build a, do something for us, okay? And then we'll stay.
I would pack them a smoked, go back to Montreal and pack them all a smoked meat sandwich for free.
I don't know how it goes. It's good. It's not. It sucks. It's grotesque. A lot of good restaurants in
Montreal, but stay away from the smoked meat. Brutal. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir.
Spy Report. Yeah. I just saw the 560 van. The QA and van heading west on the trail headed
to the Mika Suki's place. I think they're going to go for lunch. Yeah, I hope they make a good
investment because the way things are going, we could use the cash.
This is what sex is like with an ordinary condom. Oh my. And this is what sex is like with a broken
condom. Oh my god. That did not just happen. Did you put that on right? I think so. I better not be
pregnant. Sorry. You are keen for this if I missed you. Broken condoms available now in the back
of the loggerings and Oscars stores in the dumpster. 117 at 560 WQA. I want to hear about
San Bernardese tragic last days. No. Tom Arnold tries to help jail the jailbird sister doing prison
time. No. No. China Phillips reverse rebellion. You want to hear about that? No. No. You want to hear
about. Oh, here you go. This is the I knew I had something good here at the inquiry. Very depressing.
You see about Regis? No. Oh, the way out? Yeah. Yes. Yes. Oh my god. It's big news.
I'll tell you why it's not big news. Why is that? I don't know anybody who watches Regis now.
That's because of that Vixen is going on. No. No. They used to watch because they hated
Kathy Lee so much and they hated they just couldn't turn it off. I don't know anybody to watch
that then. Oh. Well, so maybe you just don't know the right crowd man. It's got big numbers.
It's a horrible show. I know the right crowd. I like the way Regis holds the coffee cup though.
In a shocking move. Shocking. Oh my god. And will stun America says the inquiry. Regis
Philbin Martination's most beloved broadcasters is being dumpsters to say the producers of
live with Regis and Kelly are looking for a hot young replacement for the 73 year old star.
And they're especially interested in survivor host. Jeff Probst can fight insiders. You know who
that is? Yes. The survivor guy. Oh, boring. But Regis is not ready to close the door on his
phenomenal career. Say outrage pals of the TV legend and insider tool. They agree. You know,
there's always insiders. You know what that? The OJ story. There was an insider that said this.
There's an insider over there. Who's the insider at QAM? Maybe it's Maddie Bell. Who's the
most? He's the mole. They ever look at him. He looks like a mole. Just no. No, he is a mole.
Just one big one. He feels like Disney which produces the show is putting him out to pass you so
we can put a younger man's such as Prof. Pitcher next to Kelly Ripper who's very marginal at best.
But Regis won't let anyone push him around on the show. He practically created. And then it goes
on about how Pitched off he is the way ABC ruined millionaire because they put it on almost every
night. If it's good one night a week, let's put it on 15 times a week. Idiots. Michael Davies
executive producer and creator of the millionaires said the show is demise really wrangled
Regis. It was great on the way up and it hurt on the way down and it hurt more for Regis than
anybody else. He took it personally. It was business and he was taking a person like that.
Okay. A source close to life said the show's producers have quietly put out feelings. Nobody
is an old coup man. Regis. Right. It's an old coup. It's got to stick together. You know,
your day is coming man. Your day is coming. You'll be an old coup. Right. I hope up there in
North Carolina. Oh, I pray. Wondering around in the world trying to find your way back home.
You'll see I know the way trying to find a place to empty your bag right there.
Right there. Five six seven oh five sixty. This is one of the worst. If I don't know this,
I'd have taken like an extra three four weeks. We need to rebuild man. We need to like retool it.
You know what I'm saying? Retool it. A whole deal. Nobody can you annn hello?
Hi, I'm coming about Regis. Yes, sir. Go ahead.
Oh, I was just talking. I was talking about Regis. That show is unwatchable.
Yeah. It's just it's a tough one. Everyone wants it. He paid me by the second.
I don't know. I haven't watched your error. Except one time my wife made me watch it.
And it was just it was just horrible. I thought I was an insane asylum. Yeah.
That's how bad it is. I just I couldn't take it. It was an idiot. They had on that.
Kelly. Whatever name is. Yeah, it's horrible. Yeah, I got it. It's just horrible.
I can't I can't even say enough. Well said man. Say it again. It's horrible.
Yeah, it's horrible. Okay. Thanks. He can't say enough. You know, it sucks. It is a bad show.
You're right. And when Kathy Lee was on there was one more reason not to watch it.
She is just a nasty. Just obnoxious bitch. Can't sing. Isn't funny. She just nothing.
You know, nothing. Nothing. Nothing. That show. Big fake boobs.
Yeah. What's that fit we got? Oh, that hair. They are the kids.
Oh, that one. That's right. I like it.
They are the kids. They are the ones to make a bucket.
They simply come. It's just close to making the guy you love to buy.
It's you. They make a bucket. They would get me. It's good.
Yeah, we heard it the first time. 22 after one. Go back to Notre Dame.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count 5, 60 on a Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
You know, he's going to go out like Bert Parks. Remember that? Yes, I do.
Why can't you go out gracefully? You know, it's your time.
Just go out gracefully. Just like here with me. I can smell it. I can see it.
Just painting off these next four years. Just I mean, I check what?
Right. I can have a good time. It would buy it.
WQAM. Hello. Not there. QAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Welcome back.
Sure. And George did a great job. George did a phenomenal job.
In fact, I've actually went to the audience to just praying.
I'll be back kind of getting tomorrow.
They're entertaining. You know, I just want to wish you a happy
anniversary. What anniversary? You were born. Oh, Jesus. I forgot all about it.
I did. Yeah, somebody called in, you know, and I was like, yeah, it's a month
sometimes. That was February. March was 29 years on a year and so.
Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you.
I'm going to be proud to know how you do it.
God bless you. Me, me. Thanks a lot.
I forgot all about that. I had it on my calendar. I forgot to mention it.
So a couple days later. Oh, no. I got to remind me.
Holy crap. I guess I should play.
Oh, I can't play that because they say a D-bag.
Corressi Uncle D-bag in there. Can't play that.
That goes to show you how far we fall in
Joyce. Far fallen. That's what that describes us. Far fallen.
Remember, Far from the dog? That's us. Far fallen.
We've just fallen out of grace because Joyce's, we just can't continue. We can't cut it in the
mouth. We've had our balls cut off. We've had our arms.
We're like a little, like a little munchkin on a plate.
That's it. That's all we got left.
Very sad Joyce. A nice job in those negotiations too, sweetheart.
That really helped us out tremendously.
I see a massive lawsuit on her rise in here.
Massive humongous lawsuit. I can smell it.
Maybe I can get a weak lawyer to file one.
5670560, pound 560 on a variety of Singular Rivals line.
How about you QAM? Hello.
Hey, how's it going? All right.
Yes, it is.
Oh gosh, I'm sorry. I didn't sound like you.
Well, anyway, the best I can, you know.
I'll try to follow that other guy. Happy anniversary.
Fly your bag over, like I said.
29 years, man. Can you believe it?
29 excruciating years in this
sum pump and his outdoor.
No, I don't. No, I don't believe it.
But anyway, somebody's got to do it.
Listen, yeah, real quick.
Because I got to keep delivering mail.
Speaking of the thing going on tomorrow, the elections.
Yes, I thought it was kind of weird because I heard something about the
Republican Party being
having differences with the governor in this issue.
And I kind of believe it now because since Saturday,
including today and tomorrow, we're delivering thousands of
pieces down here in day county from the Republican Party
to vote yes on tomorrow's issue.
All right. Excellent.
So somebody down here is not in part with, you know,
the moron out there and how to have it.
So thank you.
I just like to let you guys know so you can pass on the
the information.
Always love those Republicans.
That's a virus, you know, I think it's the Christian movement that's in this pocket.
There you go. It was fundamentalist,
Boarding in Bible Thumpers man, say, say to help with them.
But anyway, how fun with it?
I'm glad, Pally. Okay.
I'm trying to have fun with the fuck.
I find it.
So there you go. How do you like that?
The Republicans are going to vote yes.
Everybody's going to vote yes.
Get out there and vote yes.
And let's cut the crap.
Let's cut the cord from the rest of the state.
Let's stop being prisoner held hostage by all the Bible thumping red
next in the rest of the state of Florida.
Okay, by those other 65 counties.
Well, let's leave out Palm Beach in Monroe, right?
The Knares.
Right.
There's other 63 counties, right?
I like it.
I think it passed pretty good in Palm Beach in November.
Positive.
What's not to like, huh?
What's not to like?
Martha Sturford.
Registra Stulman.
I like Registra.
He's a...
I like him fun, nobody.
I don't like his show.
I agree his show is horrible.
And the minute air was horrible too,
it was a horrible show.
And because it was different and because it was
high tremendously, so they were able to like fake their way through that for a while.
And then when they started putting on 80 minutes of time,
people again, to realize what his show really sucks, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Celebrity Millionaire.
What he wants to see, some guy that's worth like 65 million already,
a win some million for charity.
That's no fun, that's not exciting.
I'd be like watching Millionaire Jocks play some game.
Right.
I'd be like watching Josh
uh, uh,
Barrow and the beast.
Rubby Tethers Ball Spot, you know?
What he wants to see that?
641 votes on the pool.
I'm, I'm Chris Fallon, man.
It's this last, you know, we've been through a lot of ups and downs.
Mostly ups than goodness, but
this is like, and it's like a, like a, like a,
like a stand through the heart what they've done to this place.
And everybody else seems to be like, oh well, it must be waxy.
Well, waxy didn't do crap, okay?
Waxy, they got waxy buildup, they suck.
They got Joe Rosen, they got 20 other hours of what's he on?
Three hours or four.
Some three?
Three.
And 21 hours of dead air is basically what they got.
I got your toast over here, okay?
Your toast and uh, crap.
641 votes.
So just fries my ass, the Medi Bell mentality,
and the Ray Perry mentality, oh, if we get more sports stations,
there's gonna be more people to sports.
There's only, thank God, a limited number of people
who eat, breathe, and suck sports, and that's all they know, okay?
Lifeless morons.
Even Josh Cornish resents that crowd,
and he gets paid by the frickin' Marlins, okay?
That's why he puts up other, because he gets paid for it.
Am I right?
Yes.
Well, if I say it, there's not a problem there.
If you say it, they're, oh gee, we heard what you did,
and of course put that on top while you said about Rossi Bernstein.
Sound like Yoda.
You got some real problems there, man,
and then plus what you said about Dave Ann,
boring sounds like Terry Shival in a bad day.
That was pretty weak.
Amal Coast is Florida's number one Asian Gore
made with phase rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
He still enjoys lobster festivary
Fridays, where Sunday night feature remain lobster thermidor.
And addition, the Amal Coast will still be serving
hand-car prime rib, and from their flaming grill,
FAAAMING!
New York steaks cook to order just the way you love them.
For those seafood lovers out there,
their menu still includes hot dungeonist crab,
fresh oysters on a half shell,
stone crab claws, and a sushi bar with over 30.
BOTTERN, MAN!
Different items.
Make sure to leave room for dessert if you're amazing.
40-inch chocolate fondue fond,
where you can hand if your own strawberries,
marshmallows, and other decadent treats.
Don't forget the Amal Coast promote healthy living.
There's no crab man, no MSG, no cornstarch,
everything is cooked with only cholesterol free,
canola or all two.
Don't forget to book your reservations
at one Amal Coast three South Florida locations.
They're in sunrise, sunny-housed,
vision-pembropies for the Amal Coast 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the amazing
Amal Coast Chinese buffet.
You're a sense of the evil Roger.
Yes, you're a sense of the evil Roger.
You're a sense of the evil Roger.
On 560-8AM.
Break H.U.
Good bye, J. Feedler.
Now I can't feed a little.
Guess that's what happens when a Jew
wraps his hands around a fat pig's skin
and a pill in round his jaw strap.
Yes, a few hundreds of them.
I use the lightest poison.
I remember picking mainly steam beds at the gout resort
where we used to change each other's lives.
It's all over now for my steam room
cow who flew to pole like a cow.
And now I'm stuck in with that tight smoking
ginger inside your bed.
I want to set the record straight
that I ain't never said.
Set the door.
Set the door.
Set the door.
Oh man, when I dubbed that in there,
I just blurted right out loud.
It didn't have very often.
Yeah, it was just like that.
Snort.
Yeah.
566-705-60.
We apologize for the absolute
unacceptable behavior of our general manager
of our whole management team over the last
how many months now?
530, man.
I can't believe that we forgot my
Annabelle's register.
I guess it's an odd number anyway.
29.
Right.
That's odd.
Now somehow I survived till next March,
when we get to be 530,
mully, mully.
29 years on the urn South Florida baby,
WKAT even wine my sin.
I would better, I can't wait.
Whatever he said.
I saw better than KAT.
My, my, my, look out.
We're going to come and get your blind,
like when you least expect it.
Oh, we need the problem.
I'd be real careful next time I stare to that car.
566-705-60.
Well, he's in South Florida, right?
Right.
Not a problem, not an impediment.
Pound 560 under Verizon's
singular wireless lines.
Do we have any of the steering people still listening?
No.
No, absolutely not.
Not one.
I bet you we don't have one.
That's all you're fault.
Oh, no question about it.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I got something to say about Jim.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's funny how he's against the
flop and he says there is doesn't the reason,
but he only gives two.
Yeah.
You see what I'm saying?
And they're both lies.
They both lies anyway.
Hey, back.
He should just, you know, just, you know,
stop eating or do something.
Yes.
You know, stop wasting people's time.
OK, thanks.
Yeah, stop wasting people's time with coming to South Florida
with all that crap at Waston Tammatory, Shive O's body, too.
OK?
Go help out in the cool way, do please.
We'll help you, uh, coaxing our sister.
Look at that.
There is not one.
Well, there is one far in the front,
a little up there.
This is a pretty weak George.
Yeah.
Was it this way all last week?
I guarantee your phones were so weak, man.
The fold word.
Why the fold word smoke?
Come on, Dr.
what was the story?
Were they on fire?
Oh, yeah.
Somehow they didn't sound like a real
enthusiastic endorsement.
OK?
I'm going to leave out on the floor.
I really am.
We're just, I'm just, I'm going to take the microphone with you.
No, I can.
I can just kind of like a nice thing, you know.
70 Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi Q.A.M.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering if I can get out in a year.
I'd like to talk to the bird.
W Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, well, if you want to give it or take it or receive it.
W Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, rather we see your death notice.
W Q.A.M.
Hello.
You know, I worry today.
OK?
If our fat ass governor so concerned with crime,
why doesn't he go clean up the area wherever his daughter
kicked up a little crack having it?
Excellent point.
Very good point.
I may be expecting a rest of the week on that.
All right.
Take care.
Thank you.
Yeah, maybe you could clean up that parking lot
where his kid was banging his girlfriend out there
and brought daylight at that the Tennessee shopping
all that day.
You're so worried about everybody else.
I mean, for you to be talking about morality,
it's like Michael Jackson given a given a testimony
about child abuse, Jeb.
You idiot.
See, this is the thing with this whole dysfunctional bush
family, including the brother and the Gossamer
Schbacher.
They're all a bunch of, you know, born
again, phony, syphagrids with the abusing in this
or coaxing and all the other crap.
You got a dry drunk up there in Washington.
I'm not so sure how dry.
And you got the coaxing daughter.
And you got the one kid, George P,
that was doing wheelies in a parking lot.
They ran around the naked.
And then the other kid that was doing his girlfriend
in a parking lot of the shopping mall.
And then you got the wife who's a smuggler.
But other than that, it's one fine family.
Yeah, one fine American family.
And they're good Christians.
Of course, he's like I said, turned Catholic.
He found religion.
They were kind of rubbed off, you know?
He found religion in Mexico.
Well, they do that there at the Catholic church.
They rub off on you in Mexico.
He found it.
W.A.M. Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Did you see this special last night on date line
for Benny Hinn?
No, I had a fax about it.
George saw it.
He does an $10 million house overlooking the ocean.
Yeah.
He stays in five to $10,000 all the way
night hotels when he travels.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know something?
If there are enough stupid people out there,
they want to subsidize him.
If the government wants to let him off tax-free,
then more power to him.
OK?
I'm all for scam artists, right?
No.
Why not?
I'm not.
I say more power to him.
Let's give us a piece.
If he gave you a piece, you'd say, hey,
go go, Benny.
Depend on the piece.
Well, he'd give you a big piece.
Not his hair piece, I hope.
No, that's in his hands, Lee.
Say, baby.
He's got one.
Baby.
Baby.
How is Dan and Paul Crotch, too, in my way lately?
We hear a lot of stuff going on with Paul's crotch.
Not necessarily with women either, is what we're hearing.
All these silly old people out there,
all these desperate shut-ins, man.
Right now, they're checks sending their money in.
You know, they're going to go to heaven.
They can buy some more makeup for Jan,
or maybe for Tammy Fei, all the silly queens out there.
They're going to obsessed with Tammy Fei now,
like your boyfriend Carlos out there at the front desk.
Let me say it again.
I want to say this very, very firmly and very loud.
Wow.
Got it?
When you get off that elevator at WQAM,
and you walk into that very small lobby,
and sitting at the reception desk is one of the nastiest,
most ordinary screaming faggets.
I've ever encountered in my life,
with a disposition like the Witch from Hell,
that should tell you everything you need to know
about the business, the ass-end business operation of QAM.
Hey, Bella!
Yeah, that's right.
Am I right?
Is there any doubt about it?
Sometimes they see Nozzlin, though.
Who's the sweetheart?
We like her a lot.
But most of the time, you don't see her.
You'll know the difference.
She's a better dresser.
David, WQAM, hello.
Wow, I guess you're with you, man.
It's been like, yeah, the whole day.
Listen, you don't want that fat ass
but yeah, Bush doesn't want money for the schools.
Am I right, sir?
Because the biggest one, the schools go bankrupt
so they can stick in pictures
and teach them Italian design.
So they could keep voting for them, those idiots.
Absolutely correct, sir.
He doesn't want any money for public education.
He wants all parochial schools,
he wants the brainwashed, all the children's out there.
So we can turn them all into a bunch of lemmings,
a bunch of sheep who will turn their money
right over to him and his old corrupt family,
and maybe even the Pope.
A lot of Pope's got it, and he's got to have a lot of money
for recovery, don't you think?
He brought oxygen.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60, how does that pull come?
We're going to make it to 700 votes
because if not, we're indeed trouble, man.
We'll do it.
What do we got?
I didn't even look to see what we got.
Close.
No chance, 6, 65, are you kidding me?
We only got 20 minutes.
You must be a Schmidt me, man.
665, a really weak, weak response
to an incredibly important question.
These people don't understand the magnitude
of these polls we take, do they?
No, they don't.
They don't understand that when we finish
with these poll numbers, we hand them over
to the committee there.
And they penalize them, and they rehash them
and thrash them, pass them along the Joyce
and all the corporate brief shots of the leader
in Naples who are busy telling the shareholders
about the eight complaints against us
from the Howard Stern Show, and about the fact
that Pharrell is still hanging over our heads.
And we said, oh, I didn't even know we paid 55 grand
for Pharrell, did you know that?
I do know.
Yeah, just it was in the article, did you see it?
Yes, I did.
Yeah, paid 55 grand for that.
And we finally escaped with our lives from that
without getting the license we knew.
And then we bring Howard Stern to put on here
that we have to chop up like a piece of Swiss cheese,
and now we've got eight more complaints from our you know who.
What a surprise.
Are they listening to me?
No.
Did I warn them?
I say, hey, you're making a bad mistake,
but now I know nothing, man.
I know nothing.
They're the experts.
They're intrigued by the possibility
of losing the license.
They're intrigued.
Man, he ought to be on MTV, you know,
if they bring back that show, Jackass, who's out there?
Your buddy, Greg, Oh, and Joyce, and Maddie,
and the Water Nazi, and Gary Surner.
19 till 2 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Even after all this time, some people still think
it's strange to buy a bed over the phone.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, the number for dialer-mACRIS,
you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange
policy, so there's no risk.
This is one time when liberal can't be all bad.
Did you know that 1-800-MACRIS is more repeat customers
than anybody else in the industry?
So once you try it, you'll never go back wasting your time
and gas in effort in a showroom or departments store again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-around,
no showroom shenanigans, just factory-direct presses
on the best brands you know and trust.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, you'll be calling the company
ranked numeral, uno, and customer satisfaction.
They carry Celi, Certa, Simmons, King Coral,
tempera-peedic, Stearns, and Foster, Hewitt,
and now, dialer-mACRIS offers no payments
or interest till 2006.
Call dialer-mACRIS today at 1-800-MACRIS for all the details.
Yours truly, mode, George, Miguel, Factboy.
Most of us at QMR all satisfied customers
I've been for years.
Call 1-800-MACRIS right now.
We're logged on to mattress.com for the best
like you've ever had. 1-800-MACRIS, the easiest
smartest way to get you a great night's sleep
for years to come.
You are listening to new Rogers.
And the exclusive tape.
R-U-N-560-60-Q-A-M.
But then I got high.
Daddy got me in the Yale to pass.
But then I got high.
Now, every word I say is messed up and I know why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
I had to go to Vietnam.
But then I got high.
I tried to hide out in Alabama.
But then I got high.
I was waiting to scare the fight.
So I had to lie.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
After 9-1-1, I was keen.
But then I got high.
I had to catch that osama dingalite.
But then I got high.
Instead, I attacked a wreck.
And no one knew why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Absolutely.
Now, we've got a big deficit.
Because I got high.
Even Republicans are throwing a fit.
Because I got high.
Now, the whole country is messed up.
And we all know why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Any questions?
Yes, Mr. President.
What about health care?
I ran in Social Security.
What are you planning to do?
Hold on.
Let me think about it.
You know, I say we get them home-motion skin.
147.
And I'm sure that in some of the churches on Sunday,
they were preaching about going out to them
or voting against the evils of gambling.
It's okay if it's bingo for the church.
Okay?
Right.
Then it's all right.
As long as they can stick it in their pockets like Benny Hindass,
and whatever his name is, Benny Hind, then that's okay.
But if somebody else might benefit from it,
if we're going to get some tax dollars,
and some people are going to get some great jobs,
or even decent jobs,
you know, that's bad.
Because they want it all for themselves.
There are a bunch of hazards.
There's the Russians say,
hazards.
You know what that means?
I do.
Here's a fact from Rocco who says,
you haven't seen him since you're in Toronto.
Look at you.
Amen.
By the way, it's 41 degrees here.
Oh my God.
I got to get out into it.
I got to just walk outside and feel it.
You know what I mean?
41 degrees.
It's a freaking heat wave.
But the signs for the anti-slot's crowd
that are on the street say,
no slots, no details, no way.
But at the top of them.
And you know, here's the governor
if I can interrupt Rocco's facts for a moment.
Can I Rocco thank you?
He comes out and knows spots.
And he says, well, the legislature has to create
the legislation.
Well, of course they do.
So are you telling us that the legislature is going to
subvert the world of the public again?
And not going to do it the way it's supposed to, huh?
Is that what you tell us?
If the legislature led by you is incompetent,
you line sack a crap.
Anyway, at the top of the billboards,
it says, remember the lottery.
How we can say about that is,
if the lottery is no good,
why aren't the governor and his minions getting rid of that?
They have to spend as much on lot of advertising
as on the payouts,
four words for us.
Statehood for South Florida,
and I score Rocco at a preaching effort like 20 some years.
We'd have casinos,
our own governor and state legislature within a four-hour drive.
And we wouldn't have to share our taxes with racist,
fascist, red-next-and-tampa, F-tampa.
Keep up the great work, says Rocco.
Nice call Rocco, you go, boy.
What do you say?
Statehood for South Florida, let's succeed.
If you're going to succeed, you have to succeed.
Wouldn't you say, all right, it's been done.
And then legalize weed.
And that's what I read.
Oh, I say, Greg Reed.
Oh, look at that.
We're going to make 700 votes.
So I guess Josh keeps his job.
I really don't want to break the line with him.
What for?
That he was going to lose his job both with the Marlins and our show
if we didn't get to 700 votes today.
Thank God.
One more day for what?
Josh keeps his job for one more day.
Oh, no, no, no.
Are you doing this to him every day now?
Why not?
A little bit of heavy duty stress.
That's his baddest in making him say Tom Brady's a hot-looking guy.
He made him do that man pole for like a month.
I did not for like two weeks.
Are you crazy or what, huh?
Man pole my ass.
Oops.
696 votes.
We still got four to go.
It's not in a sack yet, sweetheart.
Still got four to go.
And of course, you know how it gets because you got a scared America.
You got boog steering.
You got a rush.
You know, once we get to the last part of the show, not that we're starting out so great anymore anyhow,
now that Greg has killed us.
But we get to the ass end of it, man.
And we're like kind of slowed down to a crawl.
It could be really, really nip and tuck.
Sure.
This means it's a real Roger.
It's scored.
So go go go go go.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
It seems to me that just one of me alone in the world is almost one dead.
It won't be one dead.
We don't need to.
We don't need to.
And if you wait a few more years, you'll be drinking all your beers.
You might take your eye on your brand new bride, realizing your worst years.
Because when you're only weak, you'll still be at its peak.
Grab your fight a day, cash in all your checks, pickin' you on to the end.
Swat and you have the same DNA.
Be it all your fault, let's hope that science has presents to bring it all to a halt.
You're going fast away.
Give you DNA to come again.
I'm not truly.
Absolutely.
I'm not truly.
I'm not truly.
750 votes you're safe.
So I guess they must have had that's why you were reminded of it.
They must have had big duens on March 1st from my anniversary.
Yeah, yeah, we had a big party.
I mean, I was last, what was March 1st last Tuesday?
Correct.
And it must have had like balloons and all kinds of party favors and say-
Forers and both papers, right?
Oh yeah.
Because I know that here I got like a telegram and flowers and phone calls and nothing.
Oh, I did get my check late.
Got my check late, it was really great.
And I just got again, Clarissa, all you other fakeers over there.
See, I know what they do when payday comes up on a Friday.
There's always some emergency that happens.
So that way you can't get it until Monday afternoon, which gets stalls them over until Tuesday.
See, I used to think I was joking about that about this being a hand-to-mouth company.
I don't think so.
Because until your close friend Greg puts his little squiggle on the check, it means NG.
NG is an uh-uh.
Don't do it.
When it's out, don't give that baby out.
750 votes on the pool.
And by the way, you noticed once and thanks to that guy that got a code into reminding me,
because I totally forgot about it, you know, about the big anniversary 29.
I mean, that's a pretty impressive year, 29.
Sure, absolutely.
Like, um, 30.
So I'm pretty sure he is that.
Yeah.
And I noticed that after he called it, you see the way the phones just look.
Happy anniversary.
There was one guy who said something.
The red is still there.
Nothing's going to change.
The station ain't going to change.
The market isn't going to change.
The people aren't going to change.
It's still the same.
A heartless, a cold, insensitive, cruel, rude, angry, etc.
Be sure to go out and vote for us by the way, several times today and tomorrow.
And then of course, if you're against the thing on Wednesday, you can go vote no.
717 votes can WQM recover from Greg Reads latest blunder or are we doomed into it?
And believe me, he's got a list of blunders, uh, longer than your arm.
Don't care.
I only listened to the O375, 52.3%.
No, you just jerked the audience around too much, 103.
Yes, I loved the new L.A. 78.
The steering business was, uh, the N for Greg 59.
Oh, how we only wish.
Waxy will destroy you guys 46.
46 people say that.
Do they believe it?
No, he's stuck.
They got Joe and Yamama.
Greg is a genius 32, which means Mattie Bell voted multiple times here.
Can you see him in the water?
Now see him in the WGRI.
Oh, yeah, let's get that emoted in for Greg.
He's a genius.
And the horseshoe and for these clover must have fallen out of Greg's dough.
Ask 24 said that.
Tomorrow, I'm sure we'll get tremendous amount of congratulations.
Do you think?
I'll tell the Rams, letters, flowers, hate mail.
Okay, Moe is next.
Man, dog, it's four.
Bye, bye, bye.
