I'm gonna go to the point.
That is a good point.
We have all the 18.
Okay, better point.
What's that?
We picked 30 points.
That's an even better point.
Neil will present.
Yes, Hank.
Neil is here.
He'll take you up to the door.
Yeah.
Yeah, the moment is on.
I guess he was on yesterday.
He came back from the U.S.
We got a couple of new mull bits today as a matter of fact,
just an honor of his return.
A couple of really good ones too.
I'll be listening.
I'll bet you will.
More problems in London, by the way.
Yeah, not so good over there.
You see, this is not only a bomb us,
but Kenya's little bomb.
Nobody did yet.
But they've evacuated all the subway stations.
And I guess another is not a bomb.
If that were the queue up there,
and then there was a bus, the windows, and the upper deck blew out.
But there were just like little nail bombs.
You know, this is just, I guess they better get used to it.
Yeah.
So why do people planning your summer vacations
where do you want to go?
London or Israel?
Which one sounds appealing to you?
And be sure to arrive at tour bus.
I think that's a blast.
I think Las Vegas sounds good.
Yeah.
Well, you're going there soon, right?
Actually, I won't be there until the end of August.
Yeah.
But I'll be going to Chicago on the 13th of August.
And then I'm going out to San Diego to Delmar.
Oh, what tough assignments those are?
Oh, that's true.
Somebody has to go.
Delmar and Vegas.
Oh, brother.
But the Arlington million.
You had almost as tough a life as I have.
Almost.
Nobody has life you have.
It is Thursday, which means another tough assignment today
for a solid four-hour show no ballgame, no nothing.
Although we might pop out of the BBC a little bit here.
Like people got hurt simply in the scramble.
And that really is the picture that you get from it.
What is their story, man?
And if they could all have a collective good ball moment,
I think it would be so much better for the way they speak
and where they act of biceps, so constipated.
I just wish they catch some of these guys.
Yeah.
But that seems to be not going properly.
There should be no problem over there.
There's only how many million of these people over there?
Stop being stupid, man.
Well, they seem to have zeroed in on the people
who were responsible for the last one.
Well, the last one, but you see,
there's always keeping one step ahead.
Yeah.
There's so many.
And of course, that a racquetack,
there was really a very good idea,
as far as inspiring a lot of suicide bombers,
a lot of crazy people, a lot of pissed off people.
About Judge Roberts.
Yeah.
How bad?
Well, he wasn't, he never,
he didn't get the gig to in CBS News anchoring,
so I guess he had to do something, John Roberts.
Yes.
Have a salt and pepper here.
Another guy who was in Florida helping Jeb make sure
that his brother got in.
Right.
He was part of that whole thing.
That's correct.
That's great.
He also, let's see, I have a story on him
in my huge pile here today about how he was involved
in the French fry case.
Remember that thing about freedom fries and French fries on that?
He was in that?
No, not freedom fries.
Yeah, I got the story here.
Yeah, we were going to say his name of French fries.
He would be called on, let's see, during his career,
he ruled on a case that hinges on one of the simplest
of human actions, the eating of a single French fry.
Incredible?
Yeah.
He ruled in the district court of Columbia,
in the case of a girl who was arrested at the age of 12 after she was seen
popping a French fry into her mouth in a metro subway station.
Well, we'll get into that later.
Before he had a handle that case?
Yeah, the French fry.
That was a big one.
I mean, the French fry, I'm sorry.
Ever see the French fry?
I sure like to.
That's how I get older, I've become so much more bigoted.
And I'm not, I see, I'm no longer ashamed of it.
I just, because I have more contact with different kinds of people.
And I discover I can't stand most of them.
I mean, I have to say.
It's like the British and the French.
So you don't, you want to change the name of French fries?
And I still have this Jamaican thing, Mon.
What is that?
I just haven't had good experiences.
I'm sure that they're, and I'm the Israeli thing.
I put it in the air about those Israelis of wood buying.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
That was really, not to make me anti-Semitic.
Things aren't very good in Israel either.
I wanted to pee on their humontage and next prune if I get a chance.
I was so peed off about it.
Sorry, Joyce.
Can't say pee.
Sorry.
I didn't know that.
That's all I had on.
I have an aunt who says, anytime she cooks, she says there's nothing like a good pee.
Oh, I had to call from your close personal friend the other night.
Which one?
Jamf Rimmer.
Ah, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Speaking of cheap, how's he doing?
You know, I'm sure that you must know this too, because you're so well known.
You're on TV and all the things.
And there are people in life who want to use you as a human prop.
So they schlep you around or they call you on the phone and they got somebody else.
Oh, look, I got a handgun of audio.
Oh, do I hate that?
Man, Rimmer, don't do that again.
Stop it already.
That dogma clean there, buying him dinner, of course.
And they're passing the phone back and forth and it was kind of like that bit with the Al Michaels and Mo that we got.
You know, that whole bit.
Yeah.
And it was kind of like that.
They're both y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y.
And there was nothing funny going on.
I was 815 at night.
I'm watching TV, mind my own business.
And I should never have answered the phone.
Just by the sound of the phone ring, I should have known it was a real pain in the ass.
So it's him and the plane.
Go away, Rimmer, okay, go away.
Oh, and then he's talking about, you know, he's listening online because he's got no life, because there's no one going on the summertime anyway.
Hey, Columbia.
And he listened to our crossover one morning when we went on a great length about hockey.
I said, you must be doing magic mushrooms.
Hank and I never spent more than 15 seconds talking about hockey and the lockout because, you know, it's a two-nouth.
Yeah, you don't want to talk about that.
You don't want to talk about that.
Of course not.
And I told him nobody even here cares.
Doug has told me, oh, well, here in Columbus, everybody's all whipped up.
I said, I'm glad they're whipped up about it there because nobody here cares in Toronto.
And if they don't care here, how can they care anyplace?
And I see the article, very jackass has a big blurb in there yesterday in the world about, oh, in the first three days after they announced the deal was done,
the pants were sold 100 seasons against 100.
Isn't that exciting?
Wow.
That's really newsworthy, it seems to me.
And their payroll may approach 30 million.
Well, guess what it was last year, the lowest in the league, 29 million.
Yeah, now they have, well, we don't want to talk about this.
That's right.
Let's not see what the fuck really get me sucked in and talking to hockey stuff.
Nobody cares about that.
No.
But next week, it'll be interesting, though, that if you see...
No, it will lie.
No, it won't.
Who stays and who goes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just don't care anymore of giving up.
Well, if you've given up, but it doesn't all hope that there's life beyond it.
Okay, they're just the whole sport thing.
I shouldn't say that.
You're favorite.
I know your favorite sport now.
What's that?
Slot machines.
No.
No?
No, I wouldn't say that's a sport.
That's like a charitable donation.
My favorite charitable fast time.
I see.
Yeah.
Ted Turner Bill Gates, they give millions and billions away to charity.
You know, thousands.
It's just one of those things.
You can't win for losing.
But I have a good time.
Hey, that's what counts.
That's right.
I'm going to kill some good time and another good thing.
Oh, I, Georgia, for God's sake, might be to mention the magic word to you today.
Cinnamon, do you hear me talking about that the other day?
Cinnamon.
Cinnamon.
I heard you talking about it.
Go online and look up to a Google on Cinnamon and Blood Sugar.
And you'll be amazed.
Do you like Cinnamon?
Not particularly.
Oh, and what I said.
I told you about the capsules.
I'm not big on sugar stuff.
Really?
No.
Well, no, I'm not talking about it with sugar.
I'm just talking cinnamon.
Cinnamon.
Cinnamon.
It has a tremendously positive effect on your blood sugar, Mr.
I'm just telling you that right now.
So we'd like to keep you alive.
I like cinnamon with oatmeal.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
I think I'll have that tomorrow morning.
Well, I'm trying to get some, don't get the cinnamon with sugar.
But go to like the, do you have cinnamon?
I'm asking you, you don't even have any refrigerator.
It's refrigerator.
It's a refrigerator.
It's a refrigerator.
This is a man who hasn't had a meal at home in 15 years.
Exactly.
I think the last hurricane season when you got like locked in, remember?
Yep.
That's right.
Who are you talking about?
There's nothing you refrigerated in.
I had nothing.
I don't understand that.
How can you eat all your meals out?
I don't know.
It seems like the thing to do.
It's better than having to prepare it yourself.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe I'll hire a housekeeper.
Maybe I'll hire a housekeeper.
I'd like to get you one of those flavor wave ovens that I got for everybody else.
So you want to get you one.
How about if I just get a housekeeper?
Yeah.
What the housekeeper?
About 25.
Yeah.
What the housekeeper prepared my meals?
Okay.
Sounds good.
I think SCRUAN used to have a housekeeper, didn't you?
I have no idea.
She and I, the few times we conversed.
It didn't turn out so well.
A few times you were screaming at her.
Oh, I was thinking yesterday.
I don't want to talk about horse racing either because it's also boring to most people.
But Packard Ballons' wave is the only person in America who's been suspended more times than Hank.
That's true.
And for just amazing, he's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
He's got more lives than everybody can get.
Yeah.
I have to go do some interviews up at the...
I'm actually going to interview Marino for...
Oh, be sure.
I've got a big kick out of that story about how Shula finally took their gloves off and his hip and Jimmy.
I love that.
Nice going.
Shula's my student.
The brainstem is Rippin' Jimmy Johnson.
You know what?
He always has tried to win a solo way.
Now he's coming out.
Now he doesn't have to pull any punches.
Right.
But...
Well, I see.
He's the only guy that set up.
Right there on National on Fox TV and set up for the fall.
And then he came in here and fell on his own ass.
So anything that...
Anything megatory about Jimmy Johnson, I love it.
Shula never refers to him as Jimmy.
Yeah.
He's the only guy in the world who calls him Johnson.
And he won't call him by his first name.
When he refers to him as Johnson.
Talk about a great hate man.
Yeah.
It's the unbelievable.
It's the stuff that goes on in that organization, man.
Under the surface that most people never get a chance to really...
Peruz, it's really grotesque.
A lot of hate.
Yeah.
Like...
I just heard it like the radio station.
Yeah, it kind of like QIAM.
I was thinking just yesterday.
It's you.
What a shame.
I'm never going to be able to see Greg again.
I'm never going to see him.
Why?
And then I had to make smile.
I'm like, well, I'm not coming there anymore.
It's like...
No.
You will never set foot in this place again.
I will never do another show inside that building.
You can bet Greg's life on it.
Okay.
I know.
Because all my trips down there now are coincided with part of like...
If I have like a week off.
Yeah.
So I spend a weekend and then a couple of days there.
So I'm there.
Three or four days in the...
Do my doctoring and take care of business.
And I get tell out of there.
Well, why should I be there putting up with their grief when I can be here enjoying my life
and away from all our aggravation?
That's what I'm talking about.
In a studio that, by the way, everything always works in here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, where you are, it does.
Yeah.
As opposed to the other day on Tuesday.
I mean, I'm holding on to these weekend.
I can't even keep the day in transmitter running.
I heard that.
Yeah, that was nice.
What was it about?
Eight and nine minutes.
By the way, you were on there for a while when you didn't think you were.
It's a good thing we didn't say...
Yeah.
I used a P word.
I did?
Yes.
Give me a little P is in...
Well, actually, you referred to...
It was...
You had to go...
Go P.
Yeah.
Well, you didn't say that.
You said...
That's okay.
You were going to...
It's okay.
As a matter of fact, we got a test to dump on.
Anybody mentioned it?
We got a test to dump on here in just a second.
Because I'm not so sure that this one is working.
So we have two backup stereo sound.
Anyway.
A lot of practice from the Stern Show and dumping stuff.
It was one of those things where I was in the car about to go...
I was going to buy...
Oh, by the way, thank you.
I bought the Samsung.
All right.
Oh, right.
And I was there in front of sound advice when you're...
Power went out.
And so I was sitting there listening because I could hear you and George talking.
Oh, brother.
Well, we had a feeling we might be on.
We were too sure.
So we really took it all around the tool of service.
So it was riveting radio.
But thank you for this suggestion.
That's like the time for Ellen I would do in the show.
Remember the transmitter was out for a change?
And when you do in the show on the internet?
I was saying, which time?
No, I remember one time we did like an hour, I think, I'm in it.
And it used to be worth it's ever been invented because it wasn't on over the year.
Ah!
And it was exciting when we have a power outage.
We'll try that.
But thank you for the suggestion.
It's a great set, really.
You get the 52.
I got the 52 now.
And...
I got the 46.
We have a small room here.
But, boy, what a beautiful picture.
And, wait, and you...
Do you watch any ball games, I ya?
I haven't watched anything yet.
It'll be delivered on Tuesday.
Oh!
But I watched it in the...
I watched it in the store.
And you're going to have to start putting food in the refrigerator.
Yeah, I think so.
And the house is off and I'm telling you right now.
I thought about that.
Oh, boy.
It is just phenomenal.
So I owe you, thank you.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
As usual, you give good advice.
Yes, I do.
Sound advice.
On that note, have a great day.
And you.
And stay at London.
I will do that.
And tell a few.
Yep.
And the Baghdad.
Other than that.
Safrid Calder.
See ya.
Bye.
Come on, ain't you, ya?
Make me one of all.
Make all my tickets, and all.
Make my pay to round the door.
Make my tickets, and all.
Make my tickets, and all.
Get ready for joy, make people's control.
No, no, no.
I never say joy.
Gaze for the whole story, then, then.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
I see my friend, the soldier, the lord.
And don't go inside, and they shoot me, the soldier.
Gaze for the whole story, make me shoot me.
No, no, no, no.
You're getting so, getting me.
You're getting so, getting me.
You're getting so, getting me.
You get me one of all.
My knees will tighten.
I'm going to fight Czechadvac and I'm going to fight for the whole story now.
I'm down the town with my friends.
I've been waiting for you.
Just tell me.
So I told you, if you're already not, you're not.
I just told you.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
You're now, you're now, you're now.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We, we, we, we, we, we.
What?
Huh?
This is something so.
okay it's uh...
okay i'll panicking now like the american that works i got a really good
fact here that says what a difference
for example here's a bbc
for some days before i came to the studio
in university college was a good thing
uh... she had seen
uh... police uh... there
uh... and uh... the other little episode in england this morning or this afternoon
over there five hours ahead of us and anyway they got like small bombs nobody
did it so just like uh... you know
they've had to be used to it that's what i'm thinking
anyway here's a fact that says what a difference fox news in an ms and bc
or all whipped up into a frenzy this morning over the London bombings
i'm listening online to bbc London 94.9 everyone is calm cool and collected
and just reporting the facts what difference the u.s media sick and each health
badly
so here's what's going on
three
now three here stations have been affected
and of course a bus
police and emergency services are responding to incidents to treat on an underground
stations and on a bus there are on confirmed reports of a nail bomb exploding
at war and speed
to station
no reports of other casualties at the senior the other incidents at oval and
shepherd's bush stations and on number twenty six bus at the junction of
hackney wrote and clumby wrote in the slundin
television footage of the bus which appeared to be intact and then evacuated
it's as it appeared to be intact here this is from the guardian but uh... the uh...
windows in the upper were blown out
metropolitan police commissioner sir Ian Blair
appeal on the list of stay where you are what he described is a very serious
incident
sir Ian said the explosions were smaller than the last occasion but we don't know
the implications of all this yet
initial examination for it out by police and protected clothing at oval station
shown no trace of chemical agents that they spoke for Scotland yard inspector
a strad who's on the case
he is a case and the inspector the strad
okay
okay like that uh... long crossover the hopper man sorrows and fourteen
sorbete break time here on wq a truck to make it up to the
there you go
there are palpitate an active eight in over there and because of that they
stood a hornison it's like some famous philosopher once said they stood a
hornisonist they stood up all up in the rack attack and now
they're reaping the uh... negative benefits from
ice-cold pony there and of course
George w
the angle cost is for his number one agent were made by faith that's not just
nils opinion that's is read by the get west want review
you ask for it and how every friday through sunday night lobster fest is back
by popular demand featuring
main lobster served thermidor style
and you can still enjoy crab fest every night with last in snow crab legs
dungeon is crab
and jones stone crabs
the main is still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over
thirty
uh... items in addition to the most of your hand card for a minute
and from their flaming real delicious succulent using the york sticks
a stakes and sticks cook just a way like in the order
top off dinner with the zir if the unbelievable forty-inch talk with them
we can hand it your own strawberry's marshmallows other
decadent treats just stick it in there don't forget the mo costable is healthy
living to cooking all their fine cuisine with
cholesterol free canoal oil no msg no cornstarch
no msg headache no crap
so book your reservations about a more cost three locations for a real feast
a real pig out
they're in sunrise sunny house beach in pember pines for the mo cost call nine five four
five seven two thirty eight twenty two
lots of the imitators are just about every street corner has got another one
but there's nothing like the emerald coast Chinese buffet
the
west
you
me
to
y
now
Now, now, now, now, they want a brand new amendment
You'll make it into you if you're flagged nights
Now, how was the biggest speeches?
How did I try to teach us that they know freedom of speech to burn a flag?
That's fine!
Lord, I perceive the burning of flag for today
You have failed with all the problems
The cow was betrayed by the same old gang
With burning flags
Burning flags
You're gonna punch a bunch of burning flags
I'm pretty impressed with power of nearly good
Now, God!
Don't hang to buy the Samsung instead of the other stuff he was gonna buy
Yeah, which I mean, I have no vested interest in one way or the other
I just want to make sure it's his first HD
Said, might as well get the best one going
And I talk to the salespeople and I view them all the Sony and the Abyss one
And that one and the... the... all that stuff, all these things
And I still say I'm really pleased with my set
So, I'm pretty impressed, aren't you?
That's all what Gary Sarterson
Gary Sartner can blow it out his ass, okay?
With the Halivanan
Here's George's pull from yesterday, speaking of that
Oh, before we do the pull, now we have...
See, I want to do this a little tested by a yellow button here
But we have to keep going on
Oh, because I don't want to like bleep out the bit
It was pretty good bit
The burning flag, a flag
And then I was duff in there doing this assignment
I mean, we're gonna give him something to do anyway
We're setting Josh in there to make sure that all of the people are in position
Huh?
Yeah
Oh, I see we have a committee in there to make sure that
Oh, and like somebody in the committee is listening
Well, we're gonna do something when Duff has got the radio on
We're gonna do something like maybe play it
Now, who's gonna help him find where it is on the dial?
Okay
Well, let's give the pull results from yesterday
George continues trying to prove a point to himself
And you can continue to take 80 million polls on the same thing
It's not gonna make any difference
But you know about gay sex
We can put in a symbol and have room for a dust ass
Let's throw it up and throw it up and throw it up
You're fairing
Okay, well, there you go
Exactly
We people have sex as well
Okay, here's George's pull from yesterday
We just stop already, okay?
Stop what a fixation ever makes you feel better
Everybody's just straight, okay?
Everybody's a fag, something
People who have sex almost exclusively with the opposite sex
Almost being the operative word in George's pull
And of course this has just been off of my poll the previous day
When George is trying to prove a point
Right
People who have sex almost exclusively with the opposite sex
Are bisexual at the very least 413
Can be heterosexual 246
So about 30
The audience thinks you're full of crap
Right
And of course I know that you're full of crap
Our homosexual end in denial 171.20.6%
How do they hurt you, George?
That was George's desperate for it yesterday
He tried to prove it himself
No way, of course
You can be the sort of dance about
Well, all the straight people in the building are great
Well of course they're gonna say that
Or they're all gonna say in the building and outside of the building
And all the bisexuals and denial
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, whatever you say
What difference does it make?
Okay, here's the today's poll before we get on to where Scotty be in bed
Oh, Scotty's dead, demonization is out of space
Which is exactly what they're doing
And that's pathetic
We're ready, Meli, you got that music going to be
Oh, okay, do the test
Wait, keep the music going or something
What do you mean by that?
I guess we...
Well, in other words, they're not gonna know
I'm gonna hit it right now
Okay
I hit it there so that should like take them a back
And of course I have no idea how that's gonna work
Because there's this 75...
Between about 11th or 13th we'll find out if the endumpen worked
Well, I have a door open here
And just ran back in the office
What do you mean by that?
He just ran back in his office
He was listening, I told him you hit it
Yeah
And then he just ran
Oh, he's got plenty of time
You have to run, take your time
Okay, we got those 14, 7 minutes delays, that's 90 minutes
And like I said about noon you should find out
So where's the report?
Is he gonna come right away?
We'll see back in and say nothing happened
No, nothing happened
Nothing happened
Well, let's try it again
Try it again?
Yeah
But are you telling me...
I think the thing that's gonna happen here
The thing that's gonna happen is that there's no definitive place so I think you should play some music
Okay, here we go
Not yet, we're playing the music right now
Yeah
Oh wait till it gets into music part and she goes, wow
Okay
What if he's an narrative, he knows how this goes
Yeah
These are the boys
Actually it's a good family who are right now
I'm gonna go listen to this floor, strange humor
To seek out new light and new civilizations
To boldly go where no man has gone before
I saw this all together
Forgot to go
Scott is dead
He said to hit it if he hadn't already
I beg your pardon, I already did
Okay
And
Well George is in there listening also now
This is so...
I think it worked
It did work
Yeah, I heard it
So in other words, the first time I did not work is what he was telling me that we don't know that
He didn't hear anything different but I heard something different
Oh, not what I went into
Okay, we could do it again to be sure
I'm just gonna keep hitting him
How's that?
All day
As Neil takes a dump right on the ear, George won't be too happy about that
Anyway, something bad that it worked and it's gonna hit it really squarely
In fact, when I hit him, I'm gonna bang on it
Remember those days when we hit that equipment problem?
Do I remember
And was banging on this counter here
Man, banging on it
Anyway, Agna, how do you say his name?
Does anybody officially know because it's embarrassing?
I'll tell you about that
Huh?
I'll tell you about it
Actor James Dohan, although I think it might be Dohan, how are you doing, Scottie?
I'm dying on the head
Well, actor James Dohan would transport the crew of the Star Trek television series through space
On the command, Beamy Up Scottie died at the age of 85 as the agent said
That's plenty old enough
While the closest to Dohan came to do and came to orbit with playing engineering my
Camry Scott on the earth bound set of the Starship Enterprise
His life when the plants just set the act as ashes into space cornered as agent
When in doubt they're gonna ship those ashes out
The couple at Long Grove agreed the dashes would be launched into the final frontier space
They are to use space services, ain't they?
Tensis space company that rocket it remains a start to a creator Jean Rottenbury
and the 1960s drug to Rottenbury, Larry and the Firmament
The Canadian born actor, but you didn't know that, eh?
Though I didn't
I didn't sleep at his home in a Pacific state of Washington after long battle with Alzheimer's disease
And after coming down with pneumonia his longtime friend and agent Steve Stevens said his wife of 20 years was at his side
He loved being Scottie Stevenson referring to Dohan's role as the curmudgillian engineer in Star Trek, which can't have hold of him to worldwide fame
He loved the whole Star Trek thing, I don't think people knew what a terrific actor he was, he said
Space, final approach
What a talk-up
Dohan performed in more than two thousand maybe over television shows before then he would become his trademark role in the Star Trek television series that debuted in 1956
I was not interested in Bill Shatner, another Canadian boy, eh?
Dohan immortalized the fantasy Starships engineering, a pragmatically blunt bear of a man who repeatedly mangled miraculous repairs
While crew members dealt with the adversity and adventures of space the final frontier
The television show inspired a series of movies starring the same crew headed by William Shatner, Captain James Kirk, and his first mate, Leonard Nimoy, as Mr. Spock, who was all ears
The TV series and films were worldwide, eh?
That would have been a great live, wouldn't it?
Were you listening to me, Mr. Spock? I'm all ears
Oh, thank you
That would have been cute
James loved the idea of being in an airport and people from some obscure country barely able to speak English like Miami
Would come over to him and say, you're a Scotty! I've never known someone so gracious with the fans, Steven said
He routinely said, if you don't want to take time to sign autographs for fans, go sell shoes somewhere instead of being an actor
There you go, we're selling shoes, go over, I hope with the shoes to you or something
Haven't heard from him in a long time, thank God no wonder he instead of the good moods all of us, huh?
Would have liked the dope button right now
Let's keep conjuring him
Ah, ha, I don't know, we don't care
28 past 10 to 5 60, how's the BBC doing they were at the small bomb?
To have anything with him, as I said, when he was...
Man has been arrested at a white hall
Bustin, it didn't appear to be any sort of fell or bag or anything on his body
No bells or whistles or stuff like that, he did have a acu-sec for his blanchard
Back he was eaten cinnamon when they apprehended him
28 past 10 acu-wayne, hey racing fans, Pomphato Park and Poker racing and Poker is giving up for its final three weeks of live harness racing
And Poker, before they take a short three week break in the middle of August
Are you following this?
Everyone's the Apomphato Park is dollar-night, we'd wrap your soda hot dogs into the food items just to buck a piece
Plus to start the Sunshine State series for four to bread, trotters and paces
And of course there are great poker tournaments every afternoon, leaving in the poker room with free drawings
When betting vouchers every live racing day in the poker room from 4 to 7 p.m.
Friday is super-fective Friday, with super-fect away-dreaming every race
And then this Saturday July 23rd, there'll be three drawings to win a 32-inch colored TV and or betting vouchers after every live race
It pays to come and plunge your guts out at Pomphato Park racing and Poker, located just a half mile from both I and I
DeFive in the turnpike, Pomphato Park is easy to get to
And best of all offers you free admission and free general parking every single day
Live Horn is racing in the poker room open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Poker room is open from noon till midnight, live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in the p.m.
Pomphato Park, a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, where Wayne Tepple I understand is going to be driving this weekend
Call 954-972-2000 and maybe even Claret's AOT for the current race and schedule for go online at pomphatopark.com
Pomphato Park, course power, even plunge your guts on
White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White House Enterprises, White
Enterprises, White House Inter Wet Wowcommerce?!
Come on, let me give you a tour.
Over here is where the tour is used to be.
And over there is the Grand Concord.
When you can get shrink-wrapped sneakers.
And that's as pronounced as a place where I've got baked.
Now if you look over here, here we are.
You're so beautiful. You come back to pay your debt.
Oh no. Now I remember why I left.
Yeah, hey, I fell as I, I got a good idea.
Get back here, get back here.
I don't want to get anything.
Go back to the bottom.
Yeah, come on.
Go back to the bottom.
Get back here.
We just want the tour to be an after-
I got a higher price than a high.
Ah, I'll fucking do you.
Did that was close?
I'll never fight me.
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Oh no.
What's going on?
What's going on?
Don't look in.
What's going on?
Where are everybody?
Is that side-side?
You're standing in the middle of the floor.
How about before the numbers come out?
The book comes out next Wednesday.
How about a, most as a prayer for us?
Kind of like Buru Fatha Auto-noi?
Doi.
Ketter?
Yeah.
Anyway, here's the poll today.
The thing I'm least likely to do is, let's add a couple more on here.
At least one.
Play golf.
Okay?
I just came up with a whole bunch of things that I think people are at least likely.
Anyway, here's what we got so far.
259 votes, which is pretty good considering that everybody's out of town.
259 votes, at least likely to have gay sex, 193.
74.5%.
Listen to sports talk, 27.
Eat sushi, 16.
Read the stories on Neil's website, 9.
Get laid, 7.
Pick up a dinner tab, 2.
So remember, vote it twice.
Watch other people play sports, 2.
Read a newspaper, 2.
And watch TV News, 1.
You notice that?
Read a newspaper, 2.
And watch TV News, they're like last and next to last.
Which means people lie a lot.
In case you have an order sent.
I don't believe you.
Mostly you don't read newspapers, and certainly most of you don't watch.
Unless they're considering like, you know, Comedy Central and John Stewart.
Like that's really TV News.
Hey, we love the pages closer than you get to real news anywhere.
I wish you probably have put on, well, now I'm not going to change it.
Because they're going to lie about it anyway.
Oh no, we're all very tuned in.
We love those bedtime stories.
Back to the bring you some latest pictures.
We were speaking to our correspondent.
Look at these pictures.
Just a few moments ago about an incident that happened in Downey Street.
It took just about a quarter past three.
They can see.
I was another good one from Joey in downtown Miami, Vogue Republican.
I like that.
Play golf and Vogue Republican.
Type a gaze to Zami's face.
There you see very dramatic pictures of the moment.
Only about 10 minutes ago.
Where are these Snipperdogs?
It's a balsam of Downey.
We were listening before the show and we were talking about bringing out the Snipperdogs and George is the penis prince.
Oh, brother.
You just see, you haven't had the experience with a silly ass britz like I've had.
Oh.
You're up so many times, especially, I'm Stadam.
I don't think I'm able to.
I'm up against again.
They are just.
And of course, most of them, the ones that show up there for some reason are the Thicknecks.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
The big heads and the Thicknecks.
Oh, brother heads.
They must have a factory where they stamped them out.
Where the real family stamps them out.
Probably it's right next to the place where they used to make their poison gas.
Anyway, Frank and Hollywood says not to pick on Mohawar David.
But he originally came to the arena broadcast off in football games.
He's not very entertaining.
Well, he's seldom illuminating, but never entertaining.
But it is professional.
Right, it's very professional.
I give him credit that the Yorker calls us of society as his Frank, but still, why is he still here?
Can he get a get back in New York?
No.
No.
Isn't that all the good talents that all the good talent like you're wasn't wrong by WDQM that Mohawar's all they have?
Yes.
Can't we get eight hours of mandates?
No.
Even better eight hours of kneel?
No.
Four hours of kneel and four hours of George?
No.
Just guess the radio, Frank.
Okay.
Cicaday can still hear anything before the Jack-Footed goofballs come along.
I love this article.
You know Dembro La Fave from Tampa?
Yes, I do.
A teacher accused of repeatedly seducing the 14-year-old pupil is too pretty to go to jail, who are you saying?
Right.
I agree.
I'll take care of her.
Well, one of the men and his brothers was kind of pretty.
Which one?
The one with the piece?
The one with the bad hair piece.
Dembro La Fave 24, who's got real hair.
She's, I don't know.
She's, well, maybe this is not a great picture.
Don't do it.
She's okay.
Faces up to 30 years.
I'm sorry to be able to hold a jail on charges including the city's battery.
And there's nothing worse than having the city's batteries assally fits, she'll tell you.
If the food fits, wear it.
Her lawyer, the pre-touch hearing told this to place Debbie into a state women's penitentiary,
to place an attractive young woman in that kind of hellhole, is like putting a piece of raw meat in with a lion's meat.
Miss La Fave, a former pin-up model,
well claims she was insane due to emotional stress and didn't know right from long when she had sex numbers times with right.
Matthew Merchant, when she was a middle school reading teacher.
She was pretty funny.
The boy told investigators they had sex in a classroom or a house and once in a vehicle,
while his 15-year-old cousin was driving it, the vehicle it is.
He said La Fave told her from her marriage that her marriage was in trouble and she was aroused by the fact that having sex with him would not allow.
Oh, that's great.
That's called the forbidden fruit.
Speaking of misrugs, the forbidden fruit.
You noticed that pull we took on Tuesday?
That's survey?
Yeah.
I didn't see the final result but I can't imagine what it changed very much.
Not that many gay.
Like about what?
Four or five percent between the Palestinians and the others?
Okay.
It wasn't very much.
Oh, it's a 10-ish percent if you had it.
I think you chased him away because you keep playing the...
You're fair.
See that thing?
I think you chased him away.
You're fair.
Let's say here's a fast from Mike from Davey Uses.
I think you'd enjoy this movie.
The Magic Christian 75 Plus.
The Magic Christian stars are Peter Sela's and Ringo Starr with guest appearances by John Cleese,
Lawrence Harvey, or Kel Welch, you will bring her Roman Polanski.
Seedric Hyde, Cygric Seedric.
Obviously this girl.
Who the hell's that?
Never heard of her.
Oh, Seedric Hyde White.
I still don't know who that is.
Music is by bad finger.
I love bad finger.
That's almost as good as stinky finger.
The movie really has its minutes to go.
Okay, thanks a lot, Mike and Davey.
I'm going to check that out.
What's it called?
The Magic Christian.
Oh, brother.
The Magic Christian.
I remember Ed Christian, a real whole ass radio jerk.
I think I feel like playing Jingles.
Let's play Jingles and hit the dump button.
12-11-560.
We got the more likes there.
The world famous...
The world famous...
The world famous...
The world famous...
I mean...
comento...
Do it now.
Two o'clock.
The spread of your protests.
Well, that's right, we don't The, that, that.
But look at that.
Here I sit with a piece of copy in my hand.
Oh, wait come toWelcome a D leader's team.
He's me or Roger's you or Roger's.
Speak with your family.
Don't lemme win.
You get it, huh?
He's Rave.
Press the song on that song of your life.
And the one that will represent the death bird.
Oh, what?
He's with us with feminine form signs.
His guitar ends up to him.
And the boy's in kinda, mixedrias.
Exotic if you like this dude, you must be high
There ain't no way I'll listen to that sissy crap
He makes me wanna throw a bright in my bath
I hate it all day
I haven't heard one of his songs that I like yet
Maybe that's just because I'm not a feminine
Like that girl, the how we did
1046, 14, you pour another clock at 560 WAM, happy 3rd day July 21st
Is everybody happy?
Yes, my lord
But there's an Australian Prime Minister John Howard
He's about to see you've London
Oh, there is with Tony Blair and they're pontificating and iracculating and talking crap
Okay, now I know we're gonna get a lot of really good calls today
And probably we left some things off of this pool, wouldn't you think?
I'm sure
People that have something to say absolutely wouldn't dream
I got two more for you
Two more
Now I got one more, go to the race track
Okay
Okay, we'll put it on you
Yeah, all these things that people would just never do and that's the majority of people
WQAM, hello
A&M, how you doing?
Yes sir, great
Yeah, the suggestion for the poor is the president who's in there
It's joining the army, that's the thing I'm most likely to do
Excellent choice, good thinking man
No problem
Okay, see you at the border
Join the army, join the military
And listen to the military, that's an excellent choice
Don't do it, don't be human fodder for your fodder man
That's what they want you for for their fodder
To say you're going to be a human sacrifice
So that they'll pound themselves on its chest to air
Look at this, we're spreading democracy
A freedom to item arch, all this other bull crap
And of course now we're seeing the fruits of their insanity
And the people in London better get used to this
This is gonna be a way of life just like it is in Israel
It's gonna be a way of life
It's gonna be happening all the time now
Because now when you have the original group from a couple weeks ago
But now you've got the copycats and the impressionable punks
And all the other guys that want the 72 virgins right now
You know, all this stuff
Crazy religious fanatics and excuse me for the redundancy
WDQA and hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Going for the barn?
Yep
Have new materials
Bye bye
Just to be on the stage so I'm here for several times
That's his pathetic
Didn't he die yet?
No, we had talks about him
Who's we?
Meet his friend
Yeah, I'm sure his bad friend, yeah I am
That he was gonna do something about it
Yeah, we're not only he hasn't gotten around to it yet
Okay, his bad friend who lies a lot
Who wants to meet my good buddy
Hey Jeff, hi, we always you would die, okay?
Tell me that right now, that's not a stick, that's not on the ear stick
We wish you would die a horrible wicked death
In fact, just take his fat ass, take away his walker
And just dump him down those back stairs there, okay?
Tell me it's a fire alarm
Here's line 9, hello
Jamf
Wow, two for the price of one
567, 0560
In fact, we could rule all three of them right down the stairs together
Just tie their ass together with me, but I did
Place bets on who we could have hit first
Yeah
What you do is fat boys the anchor
Somebody QYM, hello?
Neil
Yes sir
How are you doing sir?
I'm doing great
I was just thinking of the revolutionary where we had here in America
When we wanted to get away from England
Yeah
If I remember correctly, the French came to help us after we already started the war
Not the French came in and said hey, yeah, there's no one England here
We'll start a war for you
And then you'll be a part of it
Much like we're doing over in Iraq
And on top of it, the French came over and helped us and there was the oil interest
I mean, a little boy, but I was about it
But I was just thinking that you know, the states need to kind of get their priorities straight
You know, they're going to help a country be independent
They want to spread democracy
Why do they do it where the country itself has already started that?
This business in a spreading democracy, that's like when the British were doing the, you know, take over the world routine
We're spreading democracy, what about you that grab? It's called occupation
It's called illegal invasions, what it's called and how did I stay?
Same-sex marriage bill becomes law in Canada, eh? How do you like that?
Oh my god
Borders will punish the federal conservatives if the party resurrects the gay marriage issue in the next election
Same-sex advocates warrant as a bill legalizing gay must be a marriage became law in Canada yesterday
How's it going, eh? You, uh...
Supreme Court of Canada Chief Justice Beverly McLaughlin gave the Queen's consent
Well, all the Queen's consent
to bill C-38 yesterday making Canada only the fourth country in the world to legally allow same-sex couples to wed
She was acting on behalf of Governor General Adrian Clarkson who's recovering from surgery
And I have a Governor General here, she's like the Queen's representative
And obviously she's very concerned about the Queen's
Supreme Court judges are traditionally called upon to give rural assent to legislation if the Governor General is unavailable
Alice Munter, National spokesman for the Group Canadians for Equal Marriage, said
Passage in the law makes him proud to be Canadian
Feeling pretty good about it, eh?
And they do say that, by the way, they...
Oh, I know
That's not just a joke, that's not just something from, uh...
I thought it was
I thought it was a cartoon
It's not, they say it
Good luck, eh?
It's a good machine, non-ate
I feel that I'm as proud of you in the country that values all of its citizens and puts equality in human rights and a set of its law
He said that set us spelled C-N-T-R-E, of course
Conservative leaders, Stephen Harper, a real full-fledged card-guerring Nazi
Has vowed to bring the law or an amended version of it back to the House of Commons for another vote
Should this party form government?
That would be a mistake, our use-month,
There all of our political leaders need to show leadership
And leaders should be trying to bring people together
Not trying to find ways to drive people apart, which of course is the speciality of the day every day
Of the right wing, both in Canada and the US and our world around the world
Even its ordinary sense again, avoiding the scenes
I can't say that Victoria Line still plays
Amas with the city line is still plays
And Northern Line is still plays
Well, I'm jolly good
Okay, here's the thing the least likely to do is
Here's the poll so far we got 301 votes
Have G-Sex, 220, 73%
Listen to sports talk, that was my vote, 28
9.3%
I'd rather have a go out on a date with Maddie Bell
Oh, man, listen to sports
So I'm serious, I just, I go where I want to go out on a date with Alistair Crane
Who?
Like Teresa, oh you don't watch Passons, would you go with it?
Listen to sports talk, 28
Oh, and that's another one, move for the poll
Watch us soap opera
Okay, I see a lot of guys especially out there
They don't realize that a lot of shows that they watch at night and used to watch at night
But they read here nighttime soap operas, but they don't confuse them with the facts
Before that's different anyway
I see, listen to sports talk 29, eat sushi 17
I will not eat anything that's looking back at me
Read the well, read the stories on Neil's website 10
Get laid 8 vote Republican 6, join the military 5
That's moving up fast to the east side
Play golf 4, pick up a dinner tab 2
Remember voted twice
Don't call me anymore, remember you're getting on my nerves
Quit putting me on display on the phone
Oh, here's Neil, let's call Neil
Do you know people like that?
I use it
You already told me your mother does that
I can't stand that
They just let you run to you
You're a prop
Like a human prop, you're like a prop
Craig Worthing used to do that to me all the time
We'd get in his car and go to be going to eat somewhere
And sure enough, oh I got to stop off and see my mother
Somebody he didn't have to stop off anywhere
The only way to do is like put me on display
So here's Neil, here's Neil
Take a look at him and weep, you know, if he can stand it
Smell, he smells pretty good
Perusum
Pick up a dinner tab 2
Watch other people play sports 2
Watch TV news 2
Read a newspaper 2
And go to the race track we just put on there
There'll be plenty of believe me
WCYM Hello
Yeah, I'm about to go hunting with Ted Nugent
Excellent, Joyce
WCYM Hello
Good morning, Neil
Yes, sir
The one thing I'll never do is believe anything this president
Or his administration everything
Okay, thank you very much, but that's boring
5670560, 0560 on the Verizon singular wireless line
I mean, I understand what he's saying, but it's just, you know, yeah, don't know
What the pull question is they always want to bring it back to that scene
We got vote Republican on this
There he goes, that's good enough
Don't be doing no more
WCYM Hello
Good morning
WCYM Hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, I wanted to get on the air clock, Neil
How about one
I wanted to tell him how vehemently I disagree with his comments this morning
Related to a London scare at the top of the point
You disagree with what comments
The comments that he's made about Londoners
And expected more and more and at all
How sure they're going
With their presence in Iraq
That's a big part of it, you bet
Is this Neil now?
Sure is
Neil, come on, man
They were doing this to us all over the world
But wait before we were asked, who's us?
The radical Islamist terrorists
But let me say something
Until two weeks ago, how many suicide bombings did they have in London?
But you can't just say that what we're doing is causing them to do this
They have to hide it
No, it's not in the open
It's a fact that somebody was documented, there have been 80 Zidian articles
If you'd read our website and step by, just blow off steam and smoke
You'd understand that it's a well documented
That the Iraq attack is served as a breeding ground and a breeding reason for terrorism
Okay, among young Muslims
I mean, they think a gene is to figure that out
How many suicide bombings did they have there before we invaded?
In a run?
None
Zero
Oh, but it's a hotbed of terrorism
Was it before the Iraq attack?
No
Was Al-Qaeda in there before the Iraq attack?
No, I mean, you can just continue confusing yourself with a facts pal
But it's just the way it is
It's a different situation
What they've done is like that philosopher said, stir the hornets this man
They've given him a reason to be the haters like poison
More of the reason
Well, that's right
As a matter of fact, speaking of that greater racquetech
And I mentioned this on Tuesday, but there's a little bit more to it
Almost 25,000 of the racquese civilians have been killed during two years of war
And the insurgency
More than a third of that is a result of action by allied forces
The first detailed and authoritative study of non-combatant casualties
Plans of an average of 34 Iraqis evidences have done every day since the conflict began
And average of 34 now
Can you imagine if there were like bombings and shootings and all kinds of stuff going on around America every day
That would cause 34 people to be dead every single day in a sense of indians
People would be screaming bloody murder
If somebody's got blood on their hands and of course they do, but it's those that towel had Iraqis
They would really don't care about
It's vital all the way to work with them
Wow, we got to export democracy and freedoms on the Marblecraft
Well, they shouldn't have attacked that if they would look at that documentary we got on our website there
The Bush's brain deal if they take a look at that
They'll see the way we're treating the people
I'm very impressed with the way the military went to that house with all those real v-n-d
People, you know, their little family
Huddled in the corner
Terrorizing people
Kick in the door and crash into the door
The authors of the report published yesterday by a group called Iraq Body Council
The figure showed the country was descending into anarchy under the US occupation
and called upon Britain and America to establish urgently a method of officially recording civilian casualties
Something they have so far refused to do because it's too damn embarrassing
Professor John Sloboda, one of the reports authors said the figure of Western governments to recognize the lack of respect
And not counting civilian casualties must be a contributing factor to Muslim disaffection and anger
Which I just said through saying only moments ago
When it comes to it, it is new ideas, new ideas, new ideas, new ideas
Who's really a monster?
He really is
I'm sure what it happened
I'm constantly expressed my discredited pleasure
With which particularly, it's a class that I've classified information
And I want to know, I want to know the truth
I want to seek through the truth of it
If someone is administration, please pass my information
They will no longer be a part of this administration
Because that's not the way it's right I'll suffer if there's anyone in this administration
It's responsible for the legal classified information
They will no longer work this administration
With a sampling of no-secret intervals
Cover full of memory playing
Chosen wheels and calls just the other day
Told boys to miss to play
This child should be ashamed
For it's no-zing family play
I'll be drinking out car over
Whoa!
Whoa!
Kamurao!
You stripped that podium and said the car road was not as far
And now we find out that he spoke about Joseph Wilson's wife
Well the story gets better than the wild one's wife
The talk is all the world's own
Occupation's quiet and someone's quiet
And top the wide house I think there is now
I'm a George Washington
What's called over to remain
On the ticket on car road
Whoa!
Whoa!
Kamurao!
That little turd blossom to you
Whoa!
Kamurao!
The president expects members of his administration
To hear the highest ethical standards
I think they have to first part of that right
Anyway, turd blossom that's Bush's amicning for car road
Really?
You know that?
No I didn't
Oh yeah, that's what I've turd
I thought it was a letter
It's a letter of two at five sixty W.A. and happy 30 day to you
I can see we got a real skeleton crew in town right now
And you noticed the ones who are left over?
Yeah, I know
And that's what we got left
Five six seven oh five sixty
Count five sixty for Ryzen and Singular Rylus line
It's only there
And this suddenly began in the past couple of years
The roots of this would be
Yeah, the roots are deep all right in your kingdom
Come any Q.A.M. Hello
I'd rather go to the army before I buy a dolphin season ticket
Yes, I like that
The thing I'm least likely to do is buy dolphin season tickets
That's Eslam
We'll poot it out there
And let's poot it right on there
Oh that's very though, but that's our dolphins yes
You're dolphins
You're dolphins
Look at that thing about to brainstorm
The shoes might do that and that's really good
Let them have it done
Stickin' into Jimmy Johnson one of the biggest colonies
Whoever came down the pike
I kind of like traded lightly on that story
When I was talking with Hank about it during the cross dress thing there
Because you know Hank used to do the coaches show all the time
So we like kind of like suck up to Jimmy Johnson all the time
So I'm sure the two of them are pretty tight
W.A.M. Hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Yes sir
Hey how about first thing women seven hygiene products
Or putting down the feet in the bathroom
Or even what else
Well taken out the garbage
Well I'm glad that it's one answer covers all
No
Nice try though, he was really reaching for it
Speaking of garbage everything
5.6705.60
I thought he was going to talk about wearing ladies undergarments or something like that
Which it sounds like he's got some expertise
How many QA and hello
Neil how are you?
I thought you could kick out of it last night
I was listening to Phil Henry for a little while
And he said listen at least I don't steal my bits from my best of CDs
Bits that aren't even mine
Yeah
So well I just thought you'd get a kick out of it
He was talking about you
Well what is that mean on our best of CDs
We never put any of his vits on our best of CDs
Well I know I know that's why I'm calling it
Let you know give him hell
I don't care, I'll give him hell
Yeah like I really care who cares about the Phil Henry
Okay, desperate total sell-out
In fact that goes to sure how boring it must be in South Florida this time
Here's a punk that was listening to Phil Henry last night
That's boredom
Okay
Who are you?
Neil I would never listen to Gornliss or in our upper game
Okay
Boring
Who are you?
Hello
Hey I want to be a bowl
Yes sir
Watch another movie with that fat ass bitch JLo
Watch a JLo movie
Okay well you got a lot of company with that
Yeah
Right?
Watch our JLo movie
Okay
US put Canada in time crunchy
Canadian brilliantly respired major economic disruption of this country
It doesn't get in step meaning Canada
It doesn't get in step with an American movie
We're sending daylight savings on
Make sure that that's very quietly
You know, have you heard anything about it?
Huh?
No
See?
Yesterday the US caught Congress quietly adopted a provision to extend daylight hours by two months after a proponents argue the scheme would help curb energy by
Energy used by cutting back a money for artificial lighting in the evening
Under the legislation part of a sweeping energy package
Daylight saving time across most of the USA will now start on the first weekend in March and run through the last weekend in November
Daylight time as some of you know runs from April through October and Canada and the US
There is potential for a huge confusion here we need to be vigilant to look at the range of implications that led to the
Espino president and CEO of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce
The change expected to take effect this fall
With being clashed in Canada and the US will be out of sync in March and November causing scheduling headaches for
Travelers and TV viewers and all kind of people and radio hosts
I just changed the clock in here and that's all
And through Canada decided to follow American movie which you know damn well they will
Farmers and rural school children who already get up in the dark would face even gloomier mornings
But as things now stand the implications for business are serious because the economies of the two countries are so integrated
I got to know this for this one thing I think we on have daylight time all year round the whole concept of standard time is so freaking stupid
You know make up your mind and keep it there
Yeah just you know it's nice when it's light out to eight o'clock at night what's hot to like about that
And so if the pay and the kids had to go to school in dark too bad
Right tough
I was speaking of paying the as kids another child assaulted in Orlando this time at a water park
Boy it seems to be an epidemic of echo and don't you like that little European ring on the phone back there in my class for sure
Panto Panto
I'm waiting for Donald Suggle in the answer it but I was such a bad movie that one was
Oh yes what a rindus
Were you actually saw it?
The parade I did
What was it called blood bloody and I don't know
So the town is on the man right away and that is how you can saw someone you suspect
So the suicide problem is Christian horse
There you go there's the abrid police man
They got that man arrested to assume to be a suicide bomber
And they're going to take that bomb and put it in his leg and see what happens
A man followed a 15 year old Orlando boy into a bathroom in a water park
And sexually assaulting police said the team was showering at about 5 10 p.m. Wednesday in a bathroom
At the Wretton Wild Water Park when a man in his 50s approached him with a job minus said
Nothing to be fired at and molesting a minor that's what the guy said
The man approached him in the shower stall and reinforced him to do sex acts minus said
It wasn't known if the team and the man were alone in the bathroom at the time minus said
The man wasn't caught the boy reported the incident to his mother who alerted park security
A former middle school teacher allegedly followed a 12 year old British girl into a Orlando hotel elevator
And sexually assaulted her on Monday Carl Moore, 36 of Kissimmee, please
With charge with attempted sexual battery, false imprisonment and allude molestation
These were in the post of the gathering material that was in the post of a lot of parenting material
He described it as a very worrying development because he said it was in the detention room
I come here fasting with a schedule again because it's revised again
I don't know why we care about this
What is wrong with you?
We went around in that joint underpay roll who are just using up a lot of money in space
But just leaving this stuff wasting my fast people with such cock-on man stuff
Yeah, important stuff that we got like I'm telling you look at that Lynn, Lenny Martez and Todd Kay
Next through the we got some of the most embarrassing stuff on the year of any radio station history
And I write about that
So was this correct?
Holy cow nice going Greg
Man our management team is putting together a real block builder a blockbuster
This way till nice Wednesday when that book comes out
Mm-hmm
You'll be going my my my
Look out now
Somebody can somebody QAM Hello there's big fan ears there QAM
Yeah he's big
Yes man
So I'm gonna tell you you are the bomb with the news and I'm sorry I'm the pun
Yeah
But you know that's every time to talk and to George Bush something blows up or something else happens
To do tracks from the truth
Yeah
All right this is I got the data off from work and the BBC is now running the network
I want to watch my soap operas and I'm just going to get to the scene
They better not mess with guiding lights today I'm going to be really peeled
You tell me I'm an actress I mean you know somebody's supposed to get raped today
So I'm a participant glad you're on the air and it's blood which is pulled
Head out of Bush's ass
Okay
Well to make your act and have a great day what she said all I heard was asked
So we've got to a friend I'll kick uh yeah somebody's ass
2003 Memble made it clear that claims identity shouldn't be divulged
This is from the right wing wall street journal no less boy wait till they find out this was in there
A classified State Department memo that may be pivotal to the CIA lead case
Made clear that information identifying an agent at her role in her husband's intelligence gathering mission
Was sensitive and should not be shared according to a person familiar with the document
A special prosecutor is investigating where the Bush administration officials broke the law
Which we already know the answer by intentionally outing a covert intelligence operative
Investigators who trended to determine if the memo dated June 10th 2003
Was how one house officials learned that Valerie Wilson was an agent for the CIA
News that the memo was marked for its sensitivity emerged as president Bush yesterday appeared to backtrack from his 2004 pledge
To fire any member of a staff involved in leaking of a CIA's agent name
In his news conference following that that found disclosures that his top strategist Carl Roe had discussed
Miss Wilson CIA employment to reporters Mr. Bush adopted a different formulation
Specifying criminality as the center of firing
In other words she can't give Carl Roe killed at least five people in cold blood
If we got a fingerprints on a weapon then then maybe he might get fired
All of course he deserves a fair trial
Right? A very long last thing
Exactly for like at least in the three years some like that
Come in at sector 11 more little and go and zondoke at all panicky now
Don't let the American network see to all looked up into a frenzy
The situation thumbs it up
See there he goes under control over nice timing sweetheart and everything's just a ducky
Everything is ducky they got these sniffer hounds out
And in fact they just were sniffing Tony Blair's act only said something really stinks here
We know by these things a done with on two
Yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
When did thou check it out Tony you idiot you quizzling you uh you ferry
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM for years Armstrong Florida homestead is always tweens everyone like family
And they wonder what's in offer to you to join their family
Ford is just announced their Ford family plan
And right now at Armstrong Florida homestead you can buy a vehicle and employ this on prices
That's correct now through July 31
Armstrong for the home to give you the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employ and their families get
And not only to get that employee family pricing but you also get arms strong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program
And for a limited time with any new car purchase you'll also get a color TV free
So what in the world are you waiting for pick up that phone right now call 305 24751 12 and ask for David Rich
You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place else in town a bunch of great reads life on it
No bait and switch no phony deals
And this fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong for the homestead or they always treat you like family
Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich says
Bring your family to meet our family bring the Ghanse Mishwasas what he said
Armstrong for the homestead US one in Southwest 07 3 to 20 minutes south of 836
Check them on the web at Armstrong cars dot common and give David a call to 305
24751 12. He'll tell you all about the Ford family plan
Grab a little bit extra maybe just a few miles but save yourself thousands of Armstrong Ford of homestead
But it comes to its force
Are you sure?
Who's going to get Ricky a blow?
For this one I'm a human of people in a state
And you say that?
I don't know either
The washers Joyce say that we think I speak to you every story for James and Floyd
You know the looks fit that purpose in the way to not the praise of a toy
You know we just feel safe boys but that's not what Joyce says
Think you can put your cap on the way to home
I'm going to go to the floor on my back in the trunk
There is no control for the credit of my baby of wild love
See you again to the world
To the world
You speak to me
Oh yeah I love you Joyce yeah I just gotta play this again
Makes me want to call
I call my director James and I call
And my director rounds the role
Like the next giant actor
And cracky
For joy makes me lose control
Don't you know I gotta say don't you James?
For the whole story baby
No don't you know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know
I scream my hands and I scream to you
I scream my hands and I scream to you
I scream my hands and I scream to you
I scream my hands and I scream to you
You make me mine
Like he's real tight and I don't know how to check it
But I can't prove what I want
I'm telling you something I don't know
I don't know how to tell you how
I don't know how to tell you
I don't know how to tell you
I don't know how to tell you
I scream my hands and I scream to you
But for this we stop this home
But for this we stop this home
Well then I team we got guilty
That's seven o'clock any interest
We got that hockey finger and in fact
There's still working on it and they're voting
But it would be the book that we put about nobody cares
Americans believe Iraq war makes them less safe
And those people who say that are
If you ask me
Americans solidly oppose the cut and run policy
For US military operations in Iraq
Well that would be too embarrassing
Even if the heap criticisms on President Bush's handling of the war
And question whether he has a well thought plan to eventually extract troops from southwest Asia
They question it, is there any doubt about it?
No, never did, never do
They just they're desperately trying to find a way out
Nearly half fully in the West is less safe from terrorist attack because of military actions
In a record of the latest survey of over a thousand adults
Conducted by the script survey research center at Ohio University
51% of the survey people said they disapproved of the job, he's done this present
While 44% they approved and five percent were decided
They said Bush you they went like boy
What is that?
But his approval was disapproval ranking
Roast of 54% when people were asked to specifically wait his handling of Iraq
That punk had called me four of many
You talk about a mora and a quizzling in India
You'll know they've been killing us all over the world
Yeah right, so we need to step up the violence
That'll make us better
That's a good idea, let's just get rid of all the schmoth the heads
That's what somebody like him would say
All the rag heads
Well that covers a lot of territory Mr. like we did the poll a couple of weeks ago about headgear
It's a content, it's not just a tribal war, it's a contest among the headgear crowd
Who's got the niftyest headgear
And if they don't have our headgear, they'll take them out
That's what it's all about
Are you raffining him?
Yeah I'm raffining it
In tinfoil
Don't forget to put some tinfoil in the bottom and your flavor wave
I assume I have to clean up that glass that you call it the dude
Oh we know
It's a good idea
If you're lazy like all of us, you hate tin spray
Well no seriously, who wants to have to keep a washing out the bottom of that glass
You put a couple of layers of tinfoil in there
And then after you can use it, you know
A few times like that until the rats start getting too big
Only takes one layer
Yeah, one one layer in yours because you're like a light cooker
He says so
I'll speak in a cook in french fry case this new John Roberts from CBS news
I mean he'll be the nice Supreme Court justice now
Through play Sandra Gail Conner
Because the Republicans have got the numbers
And they'll have a press there a bunch of whimps anyway
And that'll be you'll see
It's just a matter of time
It's not a question of if it's a question of when
Roe v Wade, bye bye
You'll see
And they're going to be like putting abortion doctors in jail again
And they're going to be rounding up women
You abortion, you baby killers, you fetus
They're going to be doing it taking condobits
I hope that all you people are voted for this Nazi regime
I hope you're real proud of yourself
Now that we can't stay crap on the air
And everything is censorship and invasion and your privacy
And the Supreme Court is going to take this gigantic turn way to the far right
And a bunch of fundamentals
See, you know one thing they are right about
And that is that the danger in the world today is religious fanatics
The only problem is they only single out one group
Say, right, that they painted with a narrow brush
All religious fanatics
Including the ones in the USA
The ones that are running the country now
Crazy people
Like that
Anyway, honest Supreme Court John Roberts would be called on to deal with some of the loftiest issues
Are US jurors prudence
During his career in Washington DC he ruled on a case that hinged on one of the simplest of human actions
The eating of a single French fry, I mean freedom fry
Last October Roberts spoke for the US court of appeals in the District of Columbia
In the case of the girl who was arrested at the age of 12 after she was seen
Topping a French fry into a remalph at a metro subway station
Roberts writing for himself and two other judges
Upheld the constitutionality of the October 23rd, 2000 rest of Angie Hedgepat
They were encountered with the metro trans and police through national attention
And was frequently condemned as an example of law enforcement excess
That policy led her to being handcuffed and was later changed
While upholding the legality of the metro police section
The man nominated the other day to fill a high court vacancy
Left by the retirementist Justice Sandra Gio Connor show he didn't necessarily approve
No one is very happy about the events that led to this litigation Roberts wrote in his opinion
A 12 year old girl was arrested searched in handcuffed he wrote her shoe laces were removed
And she was transported in the windowless rear compartment of a police vehicle
To a juvenile processing center where she was booked, fingerprinted and detained
Until her release to the custody of her mother some three hours later
All for eating a single French fry in a metro rail station
That's illegal, no, right?
The judge wrote that Angie was frightened and barricaded and crying
However Roberts wrote and became before him on an appeal from a district court ruling
With simply whether metro's policies violated her constitutional rights under the fourth and fifth amendments
The court of appeals he wrote concluded they did not
Neither Angie nor her mother Tracy Hedgepat's living in Washington could be reached
To comment on Roberts nomination
In the 2000 incident metro transit police officers reported to the police
Tenly town AU station on the red line as part of a week long operation
The kids students snacking and breaking other metro rules
You snackers out there we're going to get the sniffer dogs out there to get you snackers
And then the slikers oh the slikers and the snackers
And of course if Joyce were the same I'd add another one but we would have a better not
The station which is near a deal junior high school where Angie attended was the source of complaints from transit writers
They were upset by teenage routiness Angie was headed home from school where she was arrested
Police said at the time that DC law required that miners caught eating on metro or in stations be taken into custody
Metro was since modified its policy to permit written warnings and warnings from the juvenile courts
You ain't afraid to fry your golden jail
It's George Bush's America okay and here's John Roberts is well we're not too happy about this but guess what you're screwed
And you like that?
I'm America
Oh yeah it's just you're wrong Neil you're absolutely wrong there are going to be any more of these
Yeah right just get ready all you brits out there
I get the schmitz thing about what's going to be going on with him brits
And as a matter of fact we won't be hearing that much about these because they're going to become so routine
I'm afraid that it's going to be like you know just get used to it
Just like you guys that keeps up in the israel to ride the bus over there the tour bus
Just get what? Just get used to it and the bad food too much
Oi
I just don't get the whole thing and you know something I just give up I wash my hands of all those people
They were talking about it before the show today the professional ethnics the professional religionist the professional Jews
And Cubans and blacks and whatever fill in the black whatever happens to be you know
There everything is like our people against your people
We don't understand why all this code is going on
No but nevertheless we hate you like poison
And you better get with it or you're going to get the martin
You better get good with Jesus so you're going to burn in hell get right with the Lord
Right
I wonder how Scottie's doing out there maybe Scottie will be must back a message from other space and tell us how it is up there and wherever he went
26 past 11 at 560 W.F. and don't forget the mohmistir
Do do do do do do he's coming along you to a lot of never entertain but seldom illuminating
If you get a good night's sleep last night where you're tossing and turning all night like Bobby Lewis or Robert Cue Lewis
If you turn to that small grand bed well it's time to step up to a new queen or king sized bed from our good pizons at Dalamakras
When you call 1-800 Macriss who we choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king sized beds ready for same day delivery
And like always you still get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you in any tour window you pick 7 days a week between 8 and 8 am 10 p.m. like no to 2
115 to 315 etc
Dalamakras carries a complete line of the top names in the business ceilies served as Simmons King Coral Steerings and Foster Hewitt
There are everyday low prices and deep stock make you shopping of breeze when you call that number
You'll be talking to an expert bedding consultant who listen to your needs and suggest a style and cover level that's perfect for you
And that number of course is toll free 1-800 Macriss just about all of us at QM street like a baby night after night on a Dalamakras bed
You ought to be doing the same forget about schlepping those bedding in the apartment skirt getting ripped off
Just make that one easy call sitting there on your fat ass right now call 1-800 Macriss or check them on the web at macriss.com
Dalamakras 1-800 MATTR ES
Leave off the last S because it stands for Savings Stupid
Why comes to an empty bed so why you got the steam?
The biggest personnel thing where it takes you to get the logic of empty bedding too
Poor for you to fight for it
You study show that laughing for 15 minutes burns up to 40 calories
So join wait lappers and laugh those extra pounds away
I've been laughing for 15 minutes a day for 3 weeks
And let's be at 40 calories per day that 840 calories so I lost a quarter of a pound
Wait lappers let you laugh the wait off at your own pace
I just got fired so I'm not feeling very funny but wait lappers let's me adjust my weight loss goals accordingly
I didn't want to jump! I wanted to block the fat shirt
You can even get together with other divers if wait lappers meetings and laugh the wait off together
Join wait lappers and laugh your big bad butt off
It's 1131QM G and C-Bring has got an excellent choice for the pool, least likely to worship a god
Other than of course...
Damn god!
Got that worship of god?
Okay I like that cow god myself
Oh he also says I'd like to hear Bokobran write hate wave
To the two in hate wave? Hate wave
We'll start right on it
Also I'm waiting for the doys are back in town
Hate em
I'm making a list
Hate wave
Hate wave
Hate wave
Hate wave
Hate wave
Hate wave
Hate wave
Who's the think the doys?
The doys the doys the doys
Hate wave
Anyway 28th of noon at QA and we got mo coming along at 2
We got mad dog at 4 we got Gelly at 7 o'clock
Everybody's gonna be gathered around our radios like the old days man
That was something before taming all of us old parts to remember those days before the TV
Gather around your radio at night to get a good view
I had a big old up in my bedroom I had a big old white like a floor model
Okay radio of Filco
And it got AM of course in those days there was no FM it was AM short wave
And I think there were two bands of short wave like radio and Moscow
So how many people there's your faggot?
Huh?
Short and extra short?
Right
Short and extra short what do you want to be able to relate to that?
And anyway and you sit around and you listen to the radio there was that was it
Oh how did you know about TV that's a good question I have no idea
It was a whole different life on over the outhouse guy who had several stories about him Gary Moody
Right
From Conway New Hampshire
Well the man police discovered no woman's outhouse tank last month as he was searching for his wedding ring
Oh
Gary Moody 45
Maybe he was looking for a ring around the rectum
Gary Moody 45
Gardner mean treated innocent Monday the trespassing into certainly conduct from the incident that arrest off off the can tangamous highway
Can't
Oh can't a can't a mad magus
If Moody was arrested after a drill under the restroom and saw him in the raw sewage tank
In court documents the arresting officer reported Moody told him he was doing nothing wrong
He told me he was changing clothes when he dropped his wedding ring into the toilet
Carol County Sheriff's Captain John Herbert wrote I hate when that happens he said the ring was very valuable
Then why don't we turn home without it
The officer reported Moody said he dropped into the tank through a toilet opening the search for the ring and hid
Out of embarrassment when somebody came into the outhouse police to screen the sewage
Said they found no rings not even around that girl's rectum was sitting on his
Well how do you say it tactfully you don't okay
But this button works oh wait to hear this X-Black Panthers want to sell hot sauce
In fact the Florida Panthers probably have better luck selling hot sauce than seasoned tickets
You know very jackass you said you're quizzling he writes like I said to the Humper
Oh the Panthers sold a hundred seasoned tickets the first three days after they
Well listen if they only sell like ten thousand more they'll really have it made
Hundred seasoned tickets my ass Barry very wouldn't know a hockey puck from a limber's bagel
Cream cheese and cinnamon sounds good to me
You don't eat no but do you like oh sure you do absolutely
Oh man you had tight sunlight yeah that's juffood man that's great
Timmy Dean be proud of you former Black Panthers are hoping that the phrase burn baby burn
Oh god I wish I had that disco in furno well yeah I got it here somewhere I got this
But I don't have disco in furno anyway former Black Panthers are hoping the phrase burn baby burn
Will help their nonprofit organization market a new product hot sauce the Hue P Newton Foundation
Name for the co-founder of the 60s Millivan Group is seeking I wonder they can't away Newton you think
Yeah is seeking a trademark the phrase that for many brings to mind the racially charged 65 Watts ride in L.A.
More than 30 people at least a thousand wounded hundreds of buildings in ashes
The new line of hot sauce called burn baby burn a taste of the 60s revolutionary hot sauce
Is aimed at anyone who wants to have an extra savory boost to their food executive director
Original Black Panther David Hillard said an interview it's called burn baby burn
But a taste of the 60s revolutionary hot sauce what a name
The hot sauce is another way to raise money and bring attention to the Hue P Newton Foundation who had said
We're trying to turn the tide of violence and educate young people throughout work the foundation's hot sauce plans
We're first reported by the smoking gun website that post court documents involving celebrities the foundation also plans to produce
It's own salsa as well as a clothing line called spirit of the 60s
Can you say the group hopes to start selling me I'm gonna come up with a clothing line called the spirit of the 90s
That's the gay gay night here. It said the group hopes to start selling me business. I was Johnny Versace was selling all the time
Said the group hopes to start selling the spicy kind of related this year to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the 1966 founding of the Black Panther party
See next time is right home. Whatever same before you know the black panthers the white panthers and all the other crap the Florida panthers all a bunch of crap
Oh this going for on my favorite
Oh
I could play the version by fit to sit. Yeah, I don't want to hear 50 cent I didn't pay so I read the hear about 30 cent
On the left of the street is a tip
30 cent could read the weather cast. Yeah, I lost the dog. I don't know if we want to do a long talk of we always can fall back on
Hey, wait
Oh
Oh, oh, okay, it's not better not play that ankle. I have a Henry Barrow back on at
22 months old Jabriona Terri is a Terry is a little young to have her own phone
But her mother has discovered her daughter's name listed in the phone book and soon realized in the Clintons had used the girls
Social security number to set up the phone service. Now, let me ask you a question. I mean I may be a little bit slow, but you got two kids
Okay, uh
22 months is not even two years old. I would have a two-year-old have a social security number
Well, it used to be like I got mine when I was 14 or something they can really miss go working right now
Yeah, and now you get one shortly after birth really really
Did you say after birth? I did
Pervert
It wasn't the first time the girls have been victimized by identity identity theft her mother said someone else using her name and social security number listed
Her on his tax return cleaning her as a dependent to get a larger tax refund
Lashanda Terry oh gee Lashanda and her daughter's name is Jabriona
Lashanda it's a regular Shonda at her house
Once charges filed against the person who used her daughter's identity to get a phone but police it's difficult to do. There's nothing unusual about what happened to
Lashanda and Jabriona police say we get those by the thousands that Carl Nibbliq a deputy chief with a four-way Indiana police department ever been in four-way?
Don't look until companies are especially up whether or utility companies especially popular way to use somebody else's identity
Utilities people get somebody else's name birthday social security number turn on telephones electricity or gas service and then
He just never paid the bills when the power gets turned off they get a new name and number get new service often a new home fully said
Social security numbers have become a form of currency sometimes everybody's good as a fistful a cashed by drugs Nibbliq said the drug dealer can sell the name and number
Or use it themselves for for anything from utility service to credit cards
Another reason Terry's got to be sponsored is that technically she and her daughter are not victims of fraud because there was no financial loss Nibbliq said
I do like his corn though those nibbliqs
Oh yeah they did
Full company has suffered financial losses so unless it files charges nothing like that
How do you like that? Social security numbers when you're born?
Yeah, shortly afterwards. That's a new one on me. How long have they how many years they been doing that?
About 30 million!
I've had a lot of touch on start you know. You realize I still have my original social security card? How about that?
Holy mo that's got to be about a hundred years old. Still got it. It's kind of like a little on the wall and a little freight around the office.
You know I haven't even I haven't even put it in. You know see most people taking they put like an all their valuable stuff like in plastic
Yeah, they still have those places where you go and you can buy sure you never know.
You've got a plastic aided.
No, if you're a little spastic rapid and plastic and the social security card too.
And your driver's license. Now let me ask you this.
And we've got to change that our driver's license because the next year my thing comes up for renewal and my license too.
No, no, what are you still going to be able to do it? In other words, how many years can we continue renewing it online?
About 110 and we're like six feet out of the ground. You can still do that.
Maybe I can use my mother's driver's license, huh? She's not using it. There you go. You look fine.
People here they just look at your license and they're amazed when you say the expiration date is on the back of renewal.
They see that little blue stick on the sticker and they say this is how they may ask you could be deafed and blind have quadruple amputee.
And still get a renewal in the mail if you go on the internet.
And they say holy crap.
The thing I am least likely to do that's our poll question today.
I'll tell you one thing boy everybody this is definitely the time I guess between now and Labor Day because you can see it on our website.
I mean it just the last yesterday and today man they the audience the software is vanished.
Now please don't tell me there was a lot of traffic coming to work this morning.
No, I mean regular. There's nobody around. They're all gone.
The town is either that or we're just out of business. One of the other could be little both.
The thing I'm least likely to do is have these sex 279 64.4% out of how many votes so far? 433.
We can make 700 a dry. We can make 600 right probably not.
600. Yeah, we might be able to pull 600.
Okay, we'll try. We'll pull it hard. Have V6 279 speaking of that.
Public in 32 listen to sports dog 30.
Who now will want to do that? That's their crazy.
Through a military 26 each sushi 21. Read the stores on the old website 10.
Now you're probably thinking those are lazy people or people just want to see naked pictures.
People I just want to see naked pictures are gone already.
Those are people that don't like my politics. That's right.
I thought I was going to say they don't want to be bothered with the truth.
Get laid. Fight off in season. Think it's 6th play golf. 5. Worship a gone 3 other than of course.
Watch your JLo movie 2. Watch the soap opera 2. Pick up a dinner tab 2. Watch other people play sports 2. Watch TV news 2. Read a newspaper 2. Go to the racetrack 1.
What are so many there allow Australia to learn as much as possible food from some of the incidents?
If you're planning on writing in the London you forget about it today. They closed the shit the whole thing down.
Everything's under control. It's just bomb us pecanias man. Little teeny tiny.
Oh wait, I was too lazy.
Little lower please. Kind of like.
Like that.
And not like. Okay. No. Not that one. 17 to noon at 5.60 W.
Q. A. M. the more man.
The end of the moment. The superstar.
The world is online. Cell them informative but always.
If you find yourself looking in the mirror speaking of the moment and you see a big ugly shiny ball spot.
Here's the answer for you. A lot of alternatives. It's amazing out there.
How many different people are trying to say to you some gimmick to get your hair back?
The real deal that you want to get is Chuck Alfie or his natural hair line system.
There's not a better looking piece in the universe and of course the price is right too.
Don't forget the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline.
And Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100% detectable. It's like real hair growing on your scale.
And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing to lose but that vault spot.
You try Charlie's system for a month. For a bout you know how many days.
After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells that people aren't pawing and clawing at every part of your body.
Return it for a full refund. Make that call today. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new ride you're showing.
Charlie will give you a summer special.
$200 QA and this gun off the regular $800 price of the best in the universe natural hair line system.
And there's absolutely no obligation. Charlie has set up an appointment for you. Go in there and they'll sit you down and show you what you can look like.
How much better and younger than you look right now. Call that toll free number and let Charlie get your hair back for you.
$183.212413. That's $183.212413. Around the web it's Charles Alphieri.com.
When it comes to a team it's real right.
Who's really a fighter?
She really is.
Forget dancing with the stars. ABC has a new reality show that men might actually enjoy.
It's fishing with the stars. A celebrity fishing derby with a star set of cats.
Like a cat in the award winning anger.
Clint Eastwood. Go ahead. Jake might be the artist fishing man in show business. James Brown.
I've got a brand new last time.
And a man who's always fishing for laughs. Terry Seinfeld.
Well you know why fish yourself in don't you? They eat fish.
Your wife made you sit through that sissy dancing show. Now you can return the favor with fishing with the stars.
You got to ask yourself one question. Do I feel lucky? Well do you?
Pike.
It's on 47. He said that's with the pin out with the cave.
Here's the latest on that thing with the British tube.
London blast caused chaos on the BBC headline.
First we could put the audio on.
First every alert that there is an annual more adult.
I've been amazingly surprised by the star system of London.
We've seen it in the last few weeks.
And I don't sense that this is really going to make any difference.
Well they tend to be a little bit scodgy anyways.
Probably that's a diet man. He can't complain about their cuisine because they haven't got any.
Those bloody birds. The queue has been plunged into chaos and several stations have activated after minor blasts on two trains in a bus.
Met police chief Sir Ian Blair said three queue lines were suspended but was time London returned to normal.
He said the minor explosions just two weeks after the blast killed 56 people involved detonators only a BBC report said there was only one injury.
Police sources say the blast may have been near simultaneous and that they're being linked with these seven July bombs.
Well gee I thought all those bombers were suicide bombers who killed them so maybe there's like a whole bunch of them like maybe thousands.
Gee. They say a number of fugitives are being sought two people have been arrested in Whitehall.
High witnesses heard bangs and saw abandoned rucksacks.
What is a rucksack? It's like a backpack but ruckier.
A rucksack? Yeah. Like a hand of a backpack.
I see. At the sites in the incidents at Warren Street and Oval station.
Gee. As well as the number 26 bus at Bethnall Green.
There was an attempt to cause an explosion that shepherds bush Hammersmith and Cityline police said.
At Warren Street and Oval a man was seen running away from the scene on the bus that were no injuries and the bus suffered no structural damage.
It's really interesting because before they were talking about the bus driver which pinged his pants because the windows in the upper deck all got blown off but they don't want to say that now.
Largeries of all four sites were cordoned off. One person was injured at Warren Street.
There were reports the injured person had been holding a rucksack containing the detonator.
It's always not a good idea. You know what?
Surrey and appeal for witnesses with mobile phone pictures of any of the independence to send them to police.uk.
And he said it was time to get London moving on again.
Prime Minister Tony Blair said we can't minimize incidents such as this because they obviously have been serious in the four different places as we know.
Yadi Yadi and apartheid in a paratrooper.
And then yourself and how are you feeling?
I'm not told that.
I don't know. That's where the rucksack really happened. I mean we don't know what happened.
What is the language that comes out of there?
They're picking man.
Spickening ways already. Will you please?
My God.
Rucksack.
The invented language but can they speak it?
No.
Not a chance.
Right.
Kind of true London spirit actually coming out there.
Here in the studio is a security consultant Dr Sally Leezy to talk about that.
We've heard the Prime Minister saying get back to normal.
We must not be let.
These are lies.
Be just.
Why am I putting this on here? Does anybody care about this?
No.
No. We don't care about stuff that's going on around right now because it sounds funny because we can make fun of them and deserve it.
We're the brits.
We can meet the schmitz.
What's your twits?
Well speaking of speaking English, wait till you hear this story.
This is going to change your whole altitude.
I think it may be a little bit too late for you.
Now let me ask you. Is Sabrina back from Japan?
Yes. She has been for about a month now.
I see. Now did she learn any Japanese?
She learned all of it.
She could write it and write it fluently.
She could write Japanese as fast as she can write English.
That is sharp.
Something to watch.
When you're young, you have the ability to learn things like that.
When you get old, it's like us too late for us.
And unlike European countries, you know where everybody speaks English.
Yeah.
Nobody spoke it over there so she just had to speak Japanese the entire time.
Or else. Or else.
Right.
And did you leave out Dave Kaudyana?
Yes.
Latin Americans are flocking the Chinese language classes to take advantage of growing economic ties between Beijing and the region.
But she's Latin.
She's flocking the Chinese language classes. How do you like that?
That ought to be something.
God Almighty, when the people in Dave Kaudy learn English, then right after that they can start working on their Chinese.
The 14 Peruvians learning to speak Chinese are used to spelling Spanish words exactly as they're pronounced.
So they struggled in class recently as they studied a character and tried to pronounce P.G. and Beer.
Our teacher tells us we have to think like we're in the cave era reading Harvard Glyphus and Margarita Ramirez, a student in San Marcos University.
There are so many characters.
Oh yeah, those Japanese tend to be a bunch of characters, you know.
And the Italians too, what a bunch of characters.
The pronunciation is so different, especially C.H., which is a nightmare.
Like that.
Just pretend you're with the dentist.
Right.
And we'll be got out your instrument.
Pretend Sally's hanging out in the house.
Once considered too difficult and virtually useless by many Latin Americans, Chinese is quickly becoming the second language of choice.
Well, I see. In other words, Spanish version in Chinese. What about English?
No.
Hey. But a lot of people in the region is Beijing's economic boom has dramatically increased trade investments with the mostly Spanish speaking continent.
Three to five times more Latin's are studying Chinese today compared to five years ago, according to an unscientific survey conducted by the anxious Mime hero in six countries.
It's the language of the future.
Oh, that's bad news for us. I got news for you.
Wow. I mean, just looking at those symbols of life.
And how long does it take like to write a letter?
Have you ever wondered that?
Well, I know to do more.
No, because each symbol is like so to me, it looks like complicated.
Exactly. I'm told they're not.
You're not one. Complicated.
No, but it's certainly a lot. It's got to take a lot more time to write like a paragraph in an English.
You'd think until you actually watched them write it down.
They just really with it, huh?
Just like that.
It's colliding the picture for commercial and industrial transactions and for foreign trade said,
Zalma Wong, the administrator who decided to begin offering Chinese and said,
Mark, for some 10 years, China will be a world power.
This will mean economic development for Peru.
Oh, I see this is in Peru.
Not a day passes in Latin America without news of a major Chinese investment in the region,
a visit by high ranking Chinese government or trade official or a trip by a Latin American official of China.
Peru be in present Alejandro Toledo, just returned from China.
Other Latin American presidents who proceeded to lead it include Columbia's Alvaro Uribe,
Argentina's Nestor Kirchner and Brazil's Luis Inacio Luis Lula de Silva,
Vesilba, whatever's name it.
And last year, Chinese president Hu Jin Tao made a 12-day visit to Brazil,
Argentina, Chilean Cuban Senator Reminds of my leave of investments of at least 30 billion dollars.
Okay, let's see, I speak their language for sure to be brilliant, right?
Right.
That's serious talking money figure.
Okay, let's get a bunch of calls on here.
What are you saying?
I feel so even though I got a pretty good pile today.
Huh?
Do it.
56670560, what do you mean?
Do it, there are no calls.
56670560, I'll let that stop you.
Count 560, okay, let's take line one.
Now we're going to start to hot one to me.
Oh, that's good.
All right, great calling, great calling.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
It's been like a total number one.
Here's number six.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
I speak QIM through a throw call.
56670560.
WQIM, hello.
Yeah, I mean, I'm going to have a satanic corner, not king.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, everybody should speak English in this country, Debbie.
You're a great thing.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm Radio Junkie and there's a spawning, I heard your buddy, Al Goldstein.
He was on the, I'm sorry to say, the Joey Reynolds show.
Yeah.
He was mumbling and crying.
I think I know what you're trying to tell us, sir.
I have no right.
Yeah, we got the message.
Wow.
Like I said, the lifeless, the dead and the lifeless, did anyone was left in the top floor
to this time?
Yeah, I think from like about July 20th till about after Labor Day.
So I'm thinking, you know, going vacation pretty soon.
Yeah, I'm getting a good idea to me.
WQIM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm getting out of Dodge.
One day I'm out of Miami.
I'm going to Washington.
Hey, they're coming.
Oh, I am.
WQIM, hello.
QIM, hola.
Hey, Neil.
No, he is.
Yeah, he's going to come out of the closet, sir.
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, he's going to come out of the closet.
Oh, I see.
Doing a bad accident.
WQIM, hello.
QIM, hello.
QIM.
Well, not only are they bad, but they're like, oh, man, retardo.
Slow, really slow.
WQIM last call.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yeah, I'm good.
Hello.
Yeah.
It seems like you noticed the terrorists, the only attacking our white country.
Although white countries?
Yeah, I've seen my own country.
What made this call before?
Yeah, I did it.
Yeah.
Hey, so let me put the 7-3 minutes to Lunar QM.
Man, I'll tell you one thing.
You can't complain about your calls because they are in a league of their own.
Remember that movie a league of its own?
Yeah, so.
They are the best.
Well, that's the way it is when you're left out of the human race, when you're left in
behind.
Here's a fact from Aaron, who says, sorry, this is a repeat, a 4-2 woman, 76-legs of
these cells, cracks.
Jackson, 76-year-old woman arrested for literally selling crack cocaine by putting the drugs
in her purse and lowering them by rope from her second floor window.
She must be from Amsterdam speaking of drugs.
That's how they lower things from the upper floors on her rope.
Do they?
They do because you can't get up things like a TV set.
You can't get up to stairways to their real-howers as you know, a real narrow-sounding
stairwell.
So they like lower your TV with a rope and you just hope it will fall off.
The woman was arrested about a week on charges of possession and sale of her control
socks and street on 10 grand bail.
The suspect who's got no records of previous arrests and injections to lose a cue to selling
$20 worth of crack in a police sting.
Police say they found a gun ammunition in many Palladi Collins's house as well as a
purse attached to her rope, and it's just a beer.
I like that.
I like that.
You should just smoke in a little rope.
It's 1157 at 560 WDQA.
If you're looking for a high-speed internet service, you want a woman that's fast, reliable,
easy to use.
In short, you want the best.
You want the number one high-speed internet service provider in America, Comcast, High-Speed
Internet.
It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster
than DSL light.
You can download music, photos, streaming, video, online games faster than ever before.
Simply put, Comcast, High-Speed Internet gives you the very best internet experience around
it with features like the fan, video, email, security manager, and radio plus.
It's even more intense than ever before.
And right now you can get yourself Comcast, High-Speed Internet for just $9.95 a month
for the first two months, so call 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high-speed internet
service in the country today.
Certain restrictions apply call for details toll free 1-800 Comcast.
30-Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning
color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
I'm speaking of that, I got a great story coming out about SpongeBob.
It's important that the Associated Press release once that information containing
numerous inaccuracies present at the police to you, Jerry Dyer, said in the statement.
The simple fact is that we have 11-year-old girl who struck a boy in the head with a jagged
edge, two-pound river rock, that required him to have stitches.
That is a felony assault with a deadly weapon, and we're very fortunate that the act didn't
cause more than a serious injury even death.
Caused a morsel of whatever it is.
The story is important over the course of two days last week while the AP saw details
from police.
Ultimately, a spokesman said simply that officers had respotted appropriately and denied
that racism had anything to do with it despite the suspicions of the girl's lawyer.
Here's another racial thing.
I said, you know what?
Now you see these pictures of this guy that got laying down on the sidewalk there in London.
You see that?
They keep showing that over and over and he's laying there.
Nobody's paying any attention and they're all like walking in the other direction.
What's that all about?
Maybe that's a transient.
Now he's got him tied up on the sidewalk.
Oh, I don't know.
I guess they figured he wasn't going to get away.
The story said, can I understand the difficulty of the situation for police?
But the story was accurately reported and we made substantial efforts to get fair comments
from everyone involved said John Wase, AP's bureau chief in Northern California.
The AP story was based on the police report interviews with Meribel Quavas, her family
and their attorney Richard Bischwadi, Jr.
who suggested that the arresting officers in building to communicate with the family
and their native languages Spanish and HMO and G.
Hamang?
Okay.
What is that?
It may have been a factor in what he called no veracity by police.
What is Hamang?
I don't know Chinese for Hamang.
Something.
The police reports that the boy now is throwing the water balloon was released from the hospital
after getting stitches in his forehead that the boys family couldn't be reached for comment.
They've moved away and neither neighbors nor the Hamang community leaders were worried
there were about.
Now I said the police also don't know where the vang family is.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Okay.
Here you go.
This is the one I was talking about.
Poor Lauderdale.
It's unlikely that SpongeBob SquarePants, Kermit the Frog and Barney will find a home in
Broward County schools.
Wow!
Superintended Frank Tilsa today he sees no need for a diversity video that includes the children's
characters even after the anti-differentiation and gay and lesbian groups complained.
We already have lessons about diversity in our curriculum still set after school board
meeting.
I don't see why the video fits with what we've already got.
The school district was one of only a handful that rejected the We Are Family video which
the ADL distributed across the country this year.
Rower's diversity committee turned it down after members worried that it would teach
kids to be friendly to strangers.
Well, that must be the straighter Mr. Ego was involved in, right?
That is correct.
From the Aperversity Committee?
At least one committee member said they thought the video would encourage kids to be
a viewer whether they were being raised by same-sex couples.
But we should have one here about that.
Oh, no, not that gay stuff.
Come to Canada, 5.670560, town 5.60 on the Aperversity and Singular Rital's Line.
Calls have been so damn good today.
You know, getting really Congress, we know this work and crap.
Yeah, let's take a whole bunch to between now and two o'clock.
Or we can just put that new moment about 50 times.
I am so smitten with that.
Now make me want to do it.
Make me want to do it.
Go to the community.
Dominique QA& Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
I was in a park this or today to get a part and the guy was on the phone and he was kind
of aggravated and he told the guy, they come one through the box just like a dead man.
Yeah.
I see.
Dominique QA& Hello.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
I'm going to be a member of the community.
The last one dealt with the topic of suicide terrorism and he was quoting this guy who's
an expert on a route of book and the guy stated it's facts that from 1980, so I don't want
to go before 80.
I don't know if that would be correct, but the 1980, to the time that we invaded Iraq,
which is March 2003, is that correct?
Yes.
Now one suicide bomber, one.
And that's fat.
So, how long does a side bomber wear in Iraq?
In Iraq.
I see.
Yeah, of course.
So it was among, you know, maybe not a parasite still to do it, but it was pretty stable compared
to the rest of that region until we got it.
Of course.
Right.
And, oh, another thing I wanted to touch on, this guy Gilbert, you know who I'm talking about, right?
The weird dude.
Yeah.
I have.
I met him one time in a James game, okay?
He, I didn't meet him.
I saw him there and I reheared the voice and we recognized him.
I was like, this is...
Yeah.
I was like that.
So, a couple of years one passed.
And I didn't handle, I know you're familiar with Campbell.
I was up in the hammock's boulevard up there like a 154.
There's like a jiffy loop place.
I could quick loop place.
And I see Gilbert there.
And then he was talking to some guy and he gets in the car and he drives away.
And I'm like, this is driving.
Oh, absolutely.
He drives.
Me crazy.
But he's driving down there.
And you can look at him and tell him he's not normal.
Well, what is normal?
I'm a little bit of a burden.
I'm a little bit of a burden.
Jeez, I can't believe it.
But then we can clean about the drivers.
Now, wait a minute.
You driving south-floating.
You tell me that only normal people are allowed to drive.
You better go out there and drive around a little bit, Paley.
You better go and hit the highway.
There's your highway.
Gilbert's average, man.
Gilbert is...
For him?
Normal, okay.
Just because he's got those coke bottles glasses and keeps calling up and saying all kinds
of grossest things and stuff we can't repeat on the air.
Yeah.
And crawls into the corner and cries if you don't pay attention to him.
It's just one of those things, you know?
Gilbert, come on.
That sure works for Rick Riley very well.
5670560 and Alex Benetuno forget and Tom is 60 on the singular wireless line.
How's Alex seeing him lately?
No.
Now, didn't we find out that he's on scare?
Is it air-American?
No, he's on serious.
Yeah, what are those?
Norma Kent told me.
I remember Norma.
I remember her.
I did.
And when he went to New York, Tom, that the fruitless meeting up there would hear me
call him and that they showed them the studios, gave him a grand tour.
That was before Stern got all pissed off with the bees.
And in any rate, there was Alex Benetsoot in the studio.
And I am the ability to do.
I take you out here right now.
I am kick-eye now.
Yeah.
Kick the can.
Yeah, kick this.
Go to the QA Old Style.
QIN Hello.
Listen, Gilbert is far from normal.
I see Gilbert lording around that same area.
Okay, great.
Where we all excited about it.
Go to the QAN Hello.
Yeah, Gilbert Spire reports today.
That's the best you guys can do.
Dominique QAN Hello.
Gilbert reminds me of the late Gil Segal.
Gil just...
Oh, no.
It must be sort of Lardy.
You know what I mean?
This is...
This is like a trip into the Masaliyam today.
This is unbelievable.
Lardy.
I had it in your life.
You know what I mean?
I was...
Holy moly.
Wow.
This is Jessica.
All the rejects, all the...
The septic tank crowd.
I sure hope that guy was looking for his ring.
Don't find these people.
This is the best.
That's going to hold much of these on between now and two o'clock.
This is our bread and butter, baby.
We'll get that in response on the website.
I have like 50,000 of people on there today.
Not...
The world's alleging that basically.
I know.
Phil.
The thing I'm least likely to do.
We've got 490.
I think you're right, Josh.
We'll have a tough time getting a 600 a day.
It'll be close.
Wow.
Have Gasex 305.
Uh-uh.
62% say no way.
Vote Republican 42.
Listen to sports talk 33.
Do it in a military 31.
No, do it.
Eat sushi 22.
Get laid 11.
Worship of God 10.
Read the stories on the old website 10.
My golf and season ticket 7.
Play golf.
Five.
Watch the jail movie 3.
Watch the soap opera 2.
Pick up a dinner tab 2.
Watch other people play sports 2.
Watch TV news 2.
Read the newspaper 2.
Go to the racetrack.
So let me take one off.
From on its afternoon at 5.
See this like an out of body experience today for me.
This is review of something special, you know what?
Yes.
Does you get that feeling?
Special.
I feel it something.
Yeah.
I got like a twist in my back.
Good life credit.
Ask you this question.
Do you know what's on your credit report?
If not remember this number 8666250444.
It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain mistakes.
That affect your credit score.
And we all know the problems that come with a bad credit score.
And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report,
you know what a pain that can be.
Good life credit is here to correct those mistakes.
Good life credits in-house attorneys will do all the work for you.
And there are no set-up fees.
Good life credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus.
They'll write the letters of discrepancies and straighten out any inaccuracies.
So don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score before you visit the dealership
or call the realtor do yourself a big favor and call good life credit.
And right now the first 10 cars will get a 10% discount.
Just be sure and tell me that Neo 40 to call 8666250444.
That's 1 8666250444 or on the web is good life credits dot com.
What it comes is force.
We're the author of the story.
Sport for you 516.
We're the creator.
Oh the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
See here.
I ain't never said calling.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
I'm the creator.
He removed the ball.
He doesn't let anyone in this package.
I'm the creator.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to the toilet no, no, no.
I'm going to the toilet no, no, no.
No, I'm doing the toilet so, let's throw toys on my door.
It's sozy, I like it but you want it right.
But you will.
If you think weoy do 
Or other like the toilet so lolly do hello mac.
It's soo many!
I think no little mac.
But you're gonna throw it over.
I'm a star on the ground, and you're on the same level as me.
I'm riding on the ground, so I'm crazy to defend the ground.
It'll be either the bar, but the door is a door to the ground.
Think about being a drink, when I use my arms to hide,
I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky.
I'm a baby star on the ground, so please make me ours, dad.
I'm a star on the ground, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky.
I'm a baby star on the ground, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the
sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the Sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, and I'll go to the sky, And I'll go to the sky, and it'll stay here, and we'll have to break a single thing,
A bite like these real tight desserts, a lot.
A imagesre Lorenzo.
Come!
for this is not this home.
It's cross 21, a toy, toy, medley.
That was good. Nothing better.
At the spiced of my day, don't forget to do it, man himself, who finally flipped off that
toy, Lee, that he used to wear in his head. Well, how he did it?
It's a two. Mad Dog is four, then we got the Geltie at seven.
I'm sure he'll make me a biggie a preview of the hockey season. Let's get some hockey talk on the
year and honor our rumor. What do you say?
It would be going, you know, it has room to grow in the future. So hopefully this will be good for smaller
market teams and everybody. Yeah, a smaller market teams that have no business existing, for example.
How is the scoring opportunity though as they have?
There you go. That's funny. That's more than enough.
I got to go back to the BBC and see what the BBC is doing with his London bombing this morning.
Pulsively being updated. No, that point's a decision was made that he would break that lunch.
A meeting of co-brote with summons of four to thirty. That meeting went on for about 20 minutes.
And then after that, he, the prime minister had a conversation with the E.
Many followed by a very good ball movement. Thank God for that.
That's your opportunity, Blair. Orange, now you know like the national color of Holland is orange.
Have you ever noticed that when you see the dust clean like soccer and stuff like that? Yes, I did.
Okay. Not in Israel though. Orange may be one of summer's hot colors, but in Israel it now sends
such a strong political message that some Israeli fashion labels are considering pulling orange merchandise off their shelves.
If you got an orange, you're a look of maybe you better dizzy, you better schmit can it.
When a dot toss it out.
Opponents to Israel's time August withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and four West Bank settlements have chosen orange as their color,
tying orange ribbons to their cars, dining orange t-shirts, and wearing orange headscarves.
In other words, schmuffins. I'm bigger part.
I said orange you glad to do that. Although opponents favor a bright almost fast fluorescent tone,
wearing any shade of orange be a pumpkin or saucy tangerine has become fashion faux pas of sorts.
Security guards in Israel as Israel's parliament confiscated the orange scarves of a visiting delegation of Indian lawmakers in May,
and a parliamentary assistant was forced to remove orange dye from his hair before entering the knesset.
What is happening is that a large majority of customers are not buying orange said to read Abramowitz,
postman for the comment you'll fall fashion label.
It is sitting out on the shelves and we're considering I feel like Tom Jicke, I'm belting a lot.
It's sitting on the shelves and we're considering at least to the time being not manufacturing orange.
The settlers chose a good color since the R&T Moray marketing lecture at the Hurtzlii interdisciplinary center
was research the effect of color on consumers.
Pastel colors would have said a warm accepting message, whereas bright colors such as red, yellow and orange single opposition,
and a shade chosen by pull out opponents and a clear message of look, listen and respond to me Timor said,
okay we look, we listen to you and respond to you.
Two of a settler leaders said they chose orange to represent the resistance because it's traditionally the color of gush kateef,
the major gazes settlement block, a bunch of real far bison.
Maya Vitten, the manager of the Yaldouti children's clothing store in Celebate neighborhood,
said about 20% of her customers have refused to buy orange this summer because of its leg to gaza withdrawal.
Others make the association but she persuades them to buy orange.
Orange is very fashionable summary and warm but it's become an issue she said noting that people has even raised eyebrows at the storage orange packaging.
Tell her if I could crazy people to make this any again at some Middle East for you, right?
But I don't like that.
They're all nuts.
56670560, that's if we have anybody on the phone besides Gilbert's boyfriend's pound 560 on the singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, the help.
Yes sir.
I understand you were waiting for some people that you haven't heard from in a while we call you and I figured let me call you.
How you doing?
Who's this?
Andy?
How you been?
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
So what I said about Ms. Vitten, the ones left in town right now, anybody else with any kind of a life?
They're out of town, they're vacationing, they're swimming, they're partying, they're getting laid, they're doing something.
They're traveling the world, they're getting an education, they're having a wonderful time, they're writing the bus on the shoe.
London, they're writing the trains.
But all this swill, man, all the, in fact, I go with philosopher, I think once said it best.
All the crap you could unwrap, all the slime, all the time.
Nice going, whoa, that's my main man, the mull man.
Who's the man?
Who's the man?
Hello?
I mean, what do you want to say I want to hear from some people who haven't heard from?
Who's this?
He's John, I just just wanted a you up in the tower, down in the tower.
Who's the man?
Neil!
Yes sir.
I'm curious if you've noticed Trevor has found a George all these cameras that are first on
Stoplights all over town. They're watching you, baby. They're watching and they're monitoring you closely
Who's watching?
Big brother, baby big brother. That's who's watching you better get with the program and this guy's not even
Yeah, just to pick up 1984 don't read the book because it's taking so much time. Just watch the movie
I like the Josh my comment. I haven't watched it yet. Why not?
I'm behind I have a lot of movies to watch. You're not gonna like that anyway. You didn't like network
I was thinking about that the other day and you know what the problem with people who don't like network George
It's called a lacking in intellect. Oh is that right?
Yeah, well, I would be the problem because I still could
Anything I can check I still could stop him on a check like I said. Yeah, yeah, it was great. Yeah
No, seriously, how can I I don't understand what's not to like in that movie?
It's just the smile the message is is what there is to like but the movie is boring
It's just boring. Sorry. I've gotten that before when you fall asleep in a movie. It's not good. Yeah, it's not good
Right usually
Usually okay
He's calling the right
Exactly it's just wasn't your thing. Okay. I mean the night everything could be your thing
And I just wasn't your thing see it like watch mash the movie
But you know it's a major director, so you'll you'll be able to appreciate the style better when it's something you're not interested in as
And he has a very slow pondress directing stuff. Yeah, but
Slow and ponderous about it. I don't understand that
It's not just a slow and ponderous. It just was but I liked it
Hmm it's bite about 532 votes. We got a shot at 600 day boy during the show. That's pretty pathetic
This is very this is the week that was starting yesterday a week week
Monday and Tuesday pretty good on our website. We had the real nice and then all of a sudden
I thought just when everybody's coming back false alarm
Now is the time when they already and you want to know why if you heard these calls we've had so far today
That should answer the question. Yeah, that's the main reason that people get there a lot when in doubt they they flee
They flee like the plague is invading South Florida
The thing I'm least likely to do and we got how many votes again five of 32 not too bad have gase x3 had been 21 over 60%
Very very nervous about that and rightfully so if it's not your thing
A vote Republican 52 join a military 30 foe listen to sports thought 33 God forbid each suci 24 worship of God 12
Read the stories on theils website 12
See it's like I've been left by golf in season tickets 11 hit late 11 play golf sticks watch the jail movie 5
Watch yourself up for two pick up a dinner time to watch other people play sports to watch TV news to be newspaper to and go to the race tracks still only one
I
Person
199

It felt like a scene from John
But I wasn't Roy Shatter
Still feelin' more like Robert Shaw
Sharks in the water
My leg went both back
Sharks in the water
When I got back to the shoreline
I saw it in the news
I got back to the lady age
And why is there some very issues?
Sharks in the water
My leg went both back
Sharks in the water
Because of self-agreement on that time
And it was a Hussage Tucko
Yeah, it felt 35
I mean I'm just keep thinking back all the great scenes of them
But which I sure slept through probably the best parts
Maybe that's why they didn't like it so much
I could be
He needs to wipe it again I think
Oh I don't think that's gonna happen anytime soon
I'm also...
Here's a fact from Cliff who says
And Cliff must be psychic
Because the next story in my pile is about the...
The...
He says I can't believe they're pulling the video game
Grand Theft Auto off the shelves because of a sex scene
I have it
A big important?
I have it
About two o'clock and a morning tonight
There's gonna be a little tap on your door
And the GTA police are gonna be there
It's the same game in which I can shoot a cop
Steel car right over pedestrians
But Neil God forbid that you can get a joist job
From a hooker in the game he says
This world is as backwards as Cliff
Also see City of God
He must be the God who keeps bugging me with City of God
It was good
Where am I getting that?
I don't know
Next time you're out at the video stove
I look for it, they don't have it
No gods
I said you gots?
They said no stew gods and no gods
Stew gods
Oh, I think about that
Don't forget Wednesday the rating book
Don't forget starting with this book
No more of this trend crab
Okay?
Okay?
No, I'm not gonna do it
I mean if you want to do it that's fine when you're on
Although I can't imagine you'd be on it
Well whatever
But they're just too spastic for months to month
It's got nothing to do with doing well or badly
Because we have gigantic months
Then we have horrendous ones
But it will once every three months is more than enough
In fact I think that's probably gonna be the queue of model next Wednesday
It's more than enough
I like let's just call the whole thing off
But anyway we'll see
Anyway, the oversight board that puts parental ratings on video games
To the unusual step yesterday
Of slapping its strongest warning on a best selling title
Is the game maker putting explicit interactive sex scenes on the disc
How do you like that?
Oh my god
Retailers began pulling copies of Rantech, auto-send and Dres from their shells after they
Entertainment software ratings board revoked the game's mature rating and raised it to adults only
Publisher take two interactive software instead of plan to rework sand and Dres
The top selling video game of last year and reassure would leave it this year
Not even go get the new expert version what are you saying?
Almost that
Oh, the ratings board you want it after they take the other one away
The ratings board is similarly motion picture association of Americans rating board
A mature rating is analogous to an R movie rating and adults only is equivalent to NC17
Most retailers refuse to sell adults only games
Probably like slot buster, but they sell it?
Yeah
Executives in New York based take two is the nine-for-weeks that company programmers are responsible for the graphic sex scenes
Which can be unlocked with software that was widely available on the internet
But yesterday they acknowledged that the game's designers had created scenes dubbed hot coffee
The editing of any game is a highly technical process that take two spokesman Rodney Walker
We listen we likened it to a painter who paints one painting and paints over it on the same canvas
Walkers explanation did little to modify critics who pointed a grand theft auto series
To highlight the issue of violence and sexuality in video games
The game is celebrated now listed killing and take two as we've reveled in its image
As the bad boy of a 25 billion dollar global gaming industry that's trying to gain respectability to match its profits
It looks like take two interactive purposefully can the kind of video game industry rating board
And parents across the country said Washington State Representative Mary Lou Dickerson
San Andreas is the top selling game in the company now is in the hands of thousands of children who can practice interactive pornography
There should be legal consequences so the company doesn't laugh all the way to the bank
Now what's that all about?
The legal pornography stuff, Josh
What can you do in the game?
Yeah, well for instance you can pick up a hookah
Yeah, you know give it a little horn honk pick her up have your way with her in the alley
Pick up a hockey hooker. Yeah, right name killer and take her money
Okay, just like a real life of that
San Andreas which retails for about 50 bucks is sold more than 20 at least you won't be doing it again past no disease
Just sold more than 12 million copies worldwide since it's launched in October
mature way the games are intended for place older than 17
Many retailers keep such games under lock and key and their policies require in clerks to check the idea of buyers
And I'm sure Josh got ID when he bought his
No, I didn't
Walmart stores in which accounts for as much as 20% of video games get sales in the US begin removing San Andreas from a shelves yesterday is did best by Walmart and best by how do you like that?
Which we like them both a lot
They're pretty
Our policy is not to carry any adult titles on our shows
Shell said Walmart's portion in Karen Burke who said buyers can certainly bring the product back for a refund
Take two said it would make a patch available for downloading so the customers could block the sex scenes
I just put a little patch over there
The patch
Word of the scenes begins spreading over the internet last month after Dutch programmers see one of those Dutch perverts Patrick Wildenburg began distributing software that he said on lock them
Kind of like unlocking a chance to develop
Many video games have sequenced to which this kind of like sounds like Easter eggs to me felt like that same idea
Many video games have sequenced to which Thursday and accesses they progressed they might for instance when extra powers or reach him levels
Hot coffee by contrast is an interactive sex game featuring oral sex and intercourse. Oh my god
Wildenburg who removed his software from the internet on Wednesday to plan a comment
As of late last week take two and insisted that the sex scenes with the work of a determined group of hackers who've got a significant trouble to order scenes in the official version of the game
Hackers the company say created the scenes by this assembly and then combining
Recompiling and offering the games code the scenes prompted an outcry from game critics including senator Hillary
Rotten who's to call last week for a federal investigation to hot coffee and hot party anything else that's a little bit too hot
Get me the right process that she is
Oh look at that there's president Mooshara
Through the new and go weather you know that military guy for a room of Sharif the dictator
But I can show right now. Oh good. That's a good idea
When it comes to a team
It's real right here's your right
It's a good idea
For sure you'll find some team
She will get somehow
Who will fill Senator Dale Conner's orthopedic shoes when she steps down for the Supreme Court find out on NBC's newest reality show
I'm Donald Trump and I've chosen 16 of the brightest minds in the federal court system
But only one will become the justice
When these artists and woodlock in the Senate
America calls on the Donald
For today's task we're bringing in a pregnant teen on medical marijuana who refuses to say under God when reciting the
Pledge of Allegiance to her gay teacher
You must decide if her principal has the right to display the 10-tra-members of the classroom
Now go
It's gathered found in the excitement when Donald Trump chooses the justice
Tonight I'll determine who goes up to the bench and who goes down to the trench
Hey, as the best way I can come up with a set your notice
I draw my vista high court tonight on the justice
And I'm the right Hobbs, a bad ass comedy for 24 just thinking of different lines from networking
Yeah
FDA issues going about the abortion pill
Oh my God
The government warned the doctors this week to be on the lookout for rare but deadly infections in women using the abortion pill
Are you 486? Are you sure?
Signing two more deaths after it's used
Are you 80? What is it?
Yes
Are you 486?
Ha!
Are you 486?
Are you 486?
At least five US women have done after taking the pill since it began selling in 2000
Although the food and drug administration's pressure couldn't prove the drug was to blame
But the poor deaths caused by bloodstream infections are a sexist all-accurate in women who didn't follow FDA proof instructions for a post-regular abortion set agency drug Dr. Stephen Galson
We don't know that this off-label uses cause of death's ecaution
Still, the FDA issued a pubic health advisory warning doctors at the possible link urging them to be on the lookout for infections
And women who have used the MIFPREX abortion pill
Am I saying that right?
Why would you do that?
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Too bad you didn't know about it
Yeah
Sex women may not have typical symptoms of sex and such as fever goals in the stress
Two days action comes just eight months after the FDA warned about two sexist cases associated with MIFPREX
Also called are used 486 or MIFPREX stone
Additional such cases reported the agency in April and June
The drug sold by Danko Laboratories is approved to determine a pregnancy of 49 days after the beginning of the last menstrual cycle
A blocks of hormone required to sustain a pregnancy when followed by another medicine
Missed a misoprosis, whatever it is, you can be a pregnancy-striminant
What? Hi
The FDA's instructions call for women to swallow both pills but most abortion clinics say, when you listen to this
I am, what do you mean? I'm laughing
The FDA's instructions call for women to swallow both pills but most abortion clinics instead instruct that the MISAPRONSTAL tablet be inserted in the vagina
And the goal is to study the show that can work that way too
But the four sexist deaths are reported from California, connected to so-called off-labeled use
Kelsey and Kuntzankoumen inserted the tablet vaginally themselves
Okay, stick it in your stomach like that
Just don't get up fast because it tends to fall off
That's what Meg Green used to say about, you know, that hit about Meg Green on money
Every time she stood up, it would fall off
Anyway, time in Orlando, Facts isn't says, the president supports the practice of sending American jobs overseas doing so the economic standing of the USA
Weekends, there you go, and law in position of the US population is unemployed with no prospects on a horizon
Meanwhile, the war in Iran welfare just had more NBA teams
Meanwhile, the war in Iraq is spiraling out of control without any hopes of a future many Americans are joined the military
That idea, although recruitment is down to mention how bad it would be if all those jobs were still based in the US
Is there a parallel between Bush weekend and our economy on purpose and the war with a strong economy in a war that's overwhelming the unpopular with anybody we really need to join now?
I think it's curious, as Todd, that Bush has leveraged himself into this position after not understanding how outsourcing would strengthen our economy, right?
With less applicants for future jobs and employment, or do the lack of population that ends up may strengthen the economy, it's crazy
The war in Iraq may not be a person's first choice, but it's certainly becoming their only choice
All things come full circle, so it's just a few thoughts during lunch after reading a few of you news articles
Thanks for the show, and you're welcome Todd, north to charge
So there are some of the three news articles on our website, there is one, we're building the audience and the viewership on our website
One at a time, other than those negative pictures, have disappeared
Still getting faxes about that, don't even tell me
I don't want to hear about this
There's an incredibly false moving scene
I know
570 feo, we're going to make 600 jacks
I think we can shoot for 700, what are you saying?
I don't think so
Well, there's nobody around, I can't make magic here on this little horse ball radio station, I can't make magic
We've got a vindicent pendant, and it's like we're going to have a real agent instead of that silly ass faggot that the normal
He's busy, he's a wannabe, he's a fantasy baseball, he wants to be a baseball player, he wants to be a talk show host
He wants to be a high big shot agent, he wants to be this, he wants to be this
Man, he's a wannabe, and that's why we're stuck here on this, you know, a little outlet
So if you probably get more power out of it, just a traditional outlet in the wall there, then we're getting out of this transmitter
Especially those 8 or 10 minutes we had the other day, had a lot of comments about that about our dead air the other day
It was telling me about that, the fact that we were off the air for several minutes, somebody was a confabulating with me, well Hank was telling me about that
Remember he has said, well you thought you were off the air, but guess what? Surprise! That's why we had to test that Tom Delay
Just a case finger in a socket or two
So and then that didn't help us, we had, in fact, we didn't on Tuesday, we had a chance for the river going for 800 and we just got a little bit sure
That's because of the ten minutes we were off the air
If we had been on those ten minutes, we would have been like falling off a log, right, or just dropping a log
A Lincoln log, in fact, isn't that what the term came from when the 16th president took a dump and they called it a Lincoln log?
I'm sure, yeah, he was the real flitter, you know
I know, he was also, oh I'm sorry, it's what I hear, 570, so there's a lot of those people running around
Everybody had two wives, didn't you have two? I probably thought he was straight to
560, 560, just like a lot of your people that I know
Tom, 560, and I don't know, singular into whatever it is
Well, that's got a lot of these good calls on because we've had somebody at Gilbert's, well I mean, boyfriends
WQA and hello
Neil, I'm glad I called in, I was able to because NASA, they said the window will be closed in a few days to be able to go
I see, that's the first time that he's actually spoken that long
Yeah, well, no, the same
And he sounds like a rational out, up till he gets to that point where he does a little stick
He sounds pretty weak, WQA and hello
How you doing, gentlemen? Yes, sir
What a rash of calls against that, I love it
I think the reason is that people with the brain are leaving us out for it
That is correct, everybody with any, with more than 10 cent, they're already out of town at least for a summer anyway
Speaking about the O'Wally and adventures, a while back at it's some work on the ITS
I don't know if you've ever heard of that, it's a transportation communication center
Well, when they're testing that the monitors, these other cameras that are all throughout the interstate system
Here's how it's flirting, we're taking out Southern California roads
Just to give you an idea of how large that network is going to be
Okay
And it's a scary big road that is here
Well, good luck, Appali, I'll send you a postcard, how's that?
It's okay
I'll send you a picture of Niagara Falls, good luck to you
By the way, what's your call? The Star Trek guy?
Scotty, what's his name again? Doobie? Doobie, do we do it? Is he doing it?
Anyway, old Doot, doot, doot
He was from, I did say it's a candidate in that story I read, but he was from a British Columbia
I'm not really sure was it Vancouver, Victoria, someplace out there
It's really beautiful and pristine, they have a lot of great weeds, stuff like that
Oh, not another one of these stories, oh no
One thing I think that all parents in Florida ought to be really grateful for is the tremendous background check
They do on anybody who might be a teacher in a public school
The man accused of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old British jurist in that hotel
I'll elevate it this week, remember that story that we had the other part of it on the latest one?
Yes
Was a former middle school teacher who recently lost his certificate allegedly following your own at another hotel?
Well, he'll make it around, right?
Carl Moore, 36 of Kissimmee, had worked at Neptune Middle School in Oceola County before losing his license
Profitting to report within 40 hours of a 2002 rest for allegedly gloating a 17-year-old drilled on a hotel pool
The final order for a vacation was signed February 5
Well, he's moving on down now, he's not moving on up, he's moving from 17 out of 12
Moore's face several child sex abuse allegations including it
See, I don't know about you, but I have a feeling about this, you know, about child molesters
Yeah, I mean, I could say let's just kill all of them, which we're not going to do
But how about we just put them away and throw the key away?
How's that said?
Because they're not going to stop, they don't stop
This isn't something like, you know, take two tablets and call me in the morning, there's like some kind of a cure
Just put them away like on an island transvestone
And then they'll be able to identify as a controlled community
Yeah, essentially desert, don't give them away
They'll be desert, right?
Moore has faced several child abuse allegations including his September 2000 to arrest for allegedly reaching out of the shirt of a tourist less than 12 years old
And yet another hotel elevator, more recently he was arrested June 26 outside the same hotel after allegedly trying to hide it to 3 o'clock in the morning
They ought to tan his hide
Investigators say Moore is not registered sex offender in Florida, though the victim picked more out of a line of charges in the September 2000 to arrest her a drug
After she failed to show for deposition or trial and prosecutors are forced to dismiss the case
He was charged only with providing false ID to a police officer who responded in June's suspicious person's call
However, after Monday's alleged incident, Moore faces attempted sexual battery false imprisonment and mood molestation charges
It's really great that they keep letting these people lay slaps on a wrist or let them out again
We want to put more dead kids, yeah, but those pod as well as mandatory sentences
Absolutely, now you're talking important stuff, okay?
Absolutely
Talk people and the drug culture, we've got to get rid of that, we've got to stamp them out
Isn't that what Rush Limbaugh said?
And I got a story about him coming up, oh good about him and Villa Raleigh
How's Villa Raleigh's 0.0?
Oh, the book will be really fascinating to see that
You can't complain about O'Raleigh's numbers because he doesn't have any
And it's interesting looking around the rest of the country, he pretty much doesn't have any either
But you, huh?
I said, how about that?
Yeah, just because that the group of Nazis that watch Fox News every day
And they're upset and fascinated with his is a line of BS and his heavy breathing on the phone
Doesn't mean anybody's listening to him on the radio
We ought to start promoting the Villa Raleigh show, okay?
Remember when they first put him on the radio and they tried to get him on our
Oh, they wanted me on his show or they wanted him on my show
They're trying to type it off and the arranges our vast audience out there
Just suck it up heavy duty, okay?
I wouldn't touch the best party, O'Raleigh, if we could find out
What comes to sport, where you need a fool at
Suppose when you're vise to see him, she'll leave you
Yeah, okay, just start the rail
When I'm up in Belkettica, slapping old women with paints and lips around the pole
I listen to the Villa Rogers woman too
I mean, I listen to the Villa Rogers parent balance, one to two hours
I'm dying out of here
Dr Dr.
When Villa Raleigh's dial sure he isn't fair in pants
He will tell you if you like your job
Than he will give him a last dance
ietcom
And if you tell Villa Raleigh
You're not looking to be this
This to the fans right off you
Welcome
And for you an extortionist
That's easy
All the backers there in balance
But not when he falls at times
He's looking for a rassy
Who likes it a little too the right
Welcome
When Bill O'Reilly's morning
Shoulder it ain't a no-stint zone
So when Bill O'Reilly's dialing
You best not pick up your phone
Welcome, hell, it damn they're killin' them
It's 101, I hear he likes the airplane those spins on too
Rush Limbaugh rules Los Angeles and Chicago
Here's that story, the Rush Meister
Tell popping hympocrates, badass liars
Rush Limbaugh, the first national radio host interview vice president Dick Cheney
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani about George W. Bush's nominee
The Supreme Court also was first in the arbitraron spring ratings for LA and Chicago
See, Arbo comes out next Wednesday because they go by order of markets
And the central or small potatoes it's like all the way anyway
The Rush Limbaugh show heard Monday through Friday and KFI in Los Angeles from my name to Noon scored
Let's see 25 to 54 persons a 2.5 share
Al Franken has got a 0.8 share
Oh, Bill O'Reilly a 0.9, which is 0.9 more than in South Florida
And it's Schultz has got an 0.6
It's Schultz, you know, a big hot shot
Right, yeah, I'm putting it here
In Chicago, the Rush Limbaugh show's heard Monday through Friday and W.L.S
In Chicago, at least they had the brain stock to change the grade callers
Unlike W.S. Y. Z. Detroit, then when they went to talk about W.S. Y.T.
I mean, you got the best. I mean, is that pathetic?
Thank God, is W.A.B.C. and W.L.S. didn't change their callers
Too bad they changed the format
Anyway, in the 25 54 Limbaugh had a 3.4
In Chicago, he has no competition
In other words, Franken is not here, a 0.9 is not on
And Bill O'Reilly is not on and it's Schultz, evidently, in those hours anyway
He got no competition
And he's got a 3.4
That's okay, whatever, good luck to your Rush
How's W.A.B.C. doing? 5.670560
Let's get a whole bunch of really great calls on this last bell, what are you saying?
Oh, right, explosions
Okay
And as a matter of fact, looking at phone right now, see what I'm saying?
We got 6th and 11th, we got a shot at 700 Josh
If we really, if we just hit the roof of our belt
And really, I think we're going to do it, huh?
If we hit those suspenders up real tight like every king and bent over like a hunchback
We can do it, baby, we can get to 700 by 2 o'clock
Otherwise, I'm not cutting back tomorrow, how do you like that?
Huh?
Don't threaten
Okay
5.6705, in fact, stay off the phone, your call sucks today anyway, worse than usual
Get on that internet
On our very important poll today about which of these things are you least likely to do, huh?
Besides just having gay sex
You're fairy
And see, they immediately run for that because they want us to believe it
You believe us?
No, huh?
I don't
WQIM, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Neil, you there?
Yeah
How you doing?
I'm doing
I just want to call up and say that everybody needs to start watching, John Stewart and Tom Bailey show
You ever get the watch of Neil?
Sure
I mean, the guest he has on, or absolute amazing, that's when he had Robert Kennedy
And Robert Kennedy was talking about, did you get the feel out of him right?
No
Robert Kennedy was talking about how he had this done his whole promo, like investigation about how autism
and mercury in the water and various vaccine shots connected, they had proof
ABC news was going to show it, and then the last second ABC news decided to cut it
And then they said, okay, we'll show it, but when they showed it, they showed it that made it look like the pharmaceutical companies actually helped and don't hurt
The whole thing is about how the pharmaceutical companies give them vaccinations, there's part mercury and everything
And I call this autism for kids
But when they shaved ABC finally did start to show it, it made it look like the pharmaceutical companies were the heroes
Forgiven the vaccinations that are not
Right
And it really just, I mean, like that from the, it's kind of propaganda, Pally, that's what you're getting
In fact, if you watch the ABC news, there's many other news guys who noticed that almost every spot on her is for some prescription drug
Or over the counter medication, and they're in the pocket, man, so if you think you're going to get any three news from them about anything you're dreaming
And the second thing is that Daily Show showed the one by the full heart, just see about the painting
In full heart, you can see that one
Yeah
About the one where George Bush is getting a written by Saddam Hussein, there's like a big controversial pick up painting
And he actually came down here and he did a little show on it, the Daily Show came down here
But didn't get much publicity, but it was absolutely hysterical, you know
It's trying to make a big painting down, a guy wouldn't in all this other stuff
And it was just everybody going to watch the show every day
Or at least put a sheet over it because the Bush crowd must have done plenty of extra sheets
Okay, thanks a lot, Pally
Take care
John's doing his God, right? John's doing it from President, he's gotten better every day
Yeah
See, if you want the real news, I mean, watch that, and then you get a few yucks along with it too
You never going to get it from the American networks or from the talking head networks or going to see a bet
That's where we're watching the BBC right now
We're very calmly, our hyperventilating is supposed to be hysterical hyperventilating, it's going on MSNBC and CNN and the others
The news is of Londoners and also a determination of how to survive
If something is absolutely happening in front of their eyes in a train or off a train or on a bus
No, that's not the mayor, the mayor is that guy that says Bush isn't in here
The boss is very important for Londoners to learn how to protect themselves
Okay, there's enough to leave
In fact, they're not only not hyperventilating, they're all, I would say they're like borderline combatos
The brids, are they something
Here's a real something where you can secure teeth and do pit bulls, baby
Where?
Denver
A few weeks ago, and I see I'm going to eat a lot of crap about this because I'm a dark lover which I am
But see, pit bulls, they're not dogs
It's all in the owner
You have a pit bull?
Well, my brother does, so yeah, I find it
I see, in other words, you have like a redneck family, is that what you're trying to say?
You know, they're also going to have a pickup truck and have a lot of shotguns
Yeah, that's me, yeehaw
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Huh?
A few weeks ago, two police cars and two animal control vehicles pulled up at the homo Stephanie Steffen in Denver
Looking for a beloved four-year-old pit bull, Zina, that's with an X-X-rated dog, Zina
Seven officers hauled the animal off of the city shelter, putting her on Death Row
Zina became an outlaw after Denver won a court fight
And we instead of one of the toughest pit bull bands in the nation
Since May, more than 380 dogs have been impounded and more than 260 destroyed an average of more than three a day
Dog owners are in a panic, some are using an underground railroad as soon as they're pressed to live elsewhere or hiding them from authorities
City officials in Denver wouldn't estimate how many people might be violating the ordinance
About 30,000
About 30,000
Some owners like Steffen have won a reprieve for their pets with help from a rescue group
The group got Zina released by signing an affidavit saying that the animal would never return to Denver
Well, it's an end-ice, let's take all the chowmolestries and take them out of South Florida
And just make sure they don't come back, send them someplace else
Send to kill somebody else's kids
Kind of like them shuffling all those priest-erot if I dare bring that up again
But there, the group took the dog to a Moriah's Promise in DeFiD
An animal sanctuary that's accepted more than 3,000 pit bulls from Denver
You know, I think I understand that why Ted Williams used to ship the ship
He used to what now?
Shoot pigeons, probably
I had three times with the priest-erot
No, he did Ted Williams on it, I think
They also used to shoot pigeons in Fenway Park
I got pigeons out on my balcony and even through my window you know that clue
I know what's more annoying cats or the rubble against your leg with a pring trap
Or the pigeons who said, who could chew?
So if you eat a lot of pigeons
Yeah, you'll be shooting in Fenway Park
Anyway, for Stefan and her partner Gina Black leaving her partner
Was that sound like to me?
It feels like a buzzword
Leaving Zena's 60 miles from home was a lousy option but the only one they had
It's safer than animal control, safer than keeping her underground
At least you'll be able to play now Stefan said, but she'll miss us, we're her back
Oh God, we're her back
You know there's another one of those phrases that I just, I got your back
That's one that mufflights you, Zela
You're back
Oh, I just hate that
What? You still doing the Fenway Park last?
Yeah, that's what it is
That's not the first time I had to dump myself
Of course, I think dump is the appropriate term
Denver is one of three major metropolitan areas along with guess where else?
Cincinnati and?
Miami?
Right, the band did both of them
According to Glen Wee, I suppose the American Keenan Foundation
Pitbull typically describes three kinds of dogs, the American Pitbull Terrier
American Staffordshire Terrier and the Staffordshire Bull Terrier
But Denver's bandplaced any dog that looks like a pitbull, the animal's actual behavior doesn't matter
Oh, so it looks like a pitbull or like a new one or once kissed it on the year
That's it, but a bing
City Councilman Charlie Brown said in his judgment pitbulls are trained to attack their bread to do that
Well, let's, if we're going outlaw dogs that are in bread, let's outlaw people that are in bread
I think about 90% of the South-Jest vans who are in there
Right
Critics of the fan use words like annihilation and genocide
And the city's shelter has received emails like any animal control officers to Nazis
Well, if we got Nazis running the government and Washington why can't we have Nazis running animal control
Breed bans are just a knee jerk reaction to something that happened in the community.
We said, Denver banned pit bulls in 89 after dogs malde minister and killed the boy in separate
attacks. The legislature passed the law in 2004 that prohibited breed specific bans,
but the city sued in a judge ruled in April the law was an unconstitutional violation of local
control. Critics of the ordinance said that a blanket ban on an entire breed is misguided,
that the law should instead target irresponsible owners and all dangerous dogs. If anyone says
one dog is more likely to kill listeners of study outside that I haven't seen, that's
not based on scientific data said Julie Gilchrist, a doctor with the Federal Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention who researchers dog bites. The CDC, the American Medical Association,
who made society the West examined 20 years of dog bite data and concluded that the pit bulls
and rat-writers caused the most deaths. Rat-writers. But the researchers also noticed that
favor attacks represent a small proportion of dog bite injuries that the number of bites
per breed simply seems to rise with their popularity. Well that's a bunch of crap. I
would say golden retrievers are one of the most popular breeds. Right, how many times
do we need about somebody getting bitten by a golden retriever in a attack? None. How
about a min pin? Well, hey, pray! I'm not too late. That surprise mom didn't have them
both put to sleep. It's a 12 minutes after one. It'd give it her enough time. And say
what it just hung around along in her. From the minutes after one at five sixty,
ninety-two, and we got the mole-myster, Moahauer, David. He's got all these great new bits
about him. And he's a superstar in his own mind. Never illuminating and rarely informative.
He'll be along it too. Then we got the mad dog, she made it to four, Gellie at seven,
and then we got Lenny Martez in Todd K. It's in, you notice every time I read the schedule
up until this moment. I kind of like trying to avoid that like the plague. Lenny Martez
in Todd Kay.
Uh, Kelliver.
Is that special Kay?
He is special.
I see.
Well, he ain't no linear taste because actually he's space English, which, you know,
went out to eat bad.
From it, it's after one at five sixty W. Q. A. M. for years, Armstrong, Fortohome said,
is always treated to everybody like family.
They want to extend them off for you to join their family.
Fort has just announced their Ford family plan.
Right now at Armstrong, Fortohome said, you can buy a vehicle and employ discount prices.
That is correct through July 31.
Armstrong, Fortohome said, gives you the same grade price.
You met every Ford motor company employing their families good.
And not only did you get employee family pricing, but you also still get Armstrong for his
exclusive tires and batteries for life program too.
And for limited time with any new car purchase, you'll also get a color TV free.
So don't wait, pick up that home right now and call David Rich in 305, 247, 51, 12.
If you want to get a better deal on a Ford any place, I'll bet you the Water Nazis life on it.
No bait and Swiss, no Fony deals.
In this fantastic offer is only available to Armstrong, Fortohome said, where they always treat you like family.
Armstrong, Fort is proud to be local and not printed by President General Manager David Rich says, bring your family to meet our family.
Armstrong, Fortohome said, they're located in the US one in southwest 307's street, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then give David Rich a call at 305-247-51-12 and ask David about the Ford family plan today.
Travel the lecturers save a ton of money and Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
But it comes as Ford.
We'll meet the office of the worry.
We'll be your vice.
Okay.
We'll meet again.
Gordon Lydia, they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Get them all to never.
When you are beneath the green door, please.
To tell you how long it is.
The print from getting temperature down.
The old time is brings to you.
To rise.
Comfort is a right.
Surprise.
It's the way it is now.
How's your husband doing?
By the way, come on.
You should get a husband.
No, boyfriend.
I think this whole thing is like a conspiracy.
This whole Bush administration.
You had airy fly sure and now you got so many of you know, and colder.
That's a great club you wore.
I think that's what it is.
Oh, guess what this next door is being a pound of lesus.
Reason I played that.
I'm even on a solo video.
By new like Creed, anyways.
I like the song.
Okay.
You know, I don't like Creed.
Well, what an antioxidant.
I think you are.
You'll be happy to know that I saw the lead singer of Creed in South Beach with his windows
down blasting his own music by himself.
What an eager sister of the office asked.
I still like that song.
Can I?
I don't really want to meet him or have a date with him.
Can I just not let it go?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not a whole.
I mean, not spectacular, but I like it a little.
A lot.
Okay.
Guess what this next door is being a condolisi.
You must have seen this from Sudan.
Guess what the city is.
What was the name of the racehorse and Godfather?
Oh, Cartoon.
Cartoon Sudan.
Not going to race him though.
Not now you're not.
Security forces in the Sudanese capital of Cartoon.
Manhandled US officials and reporters traveling with Secretariat State Condoleezza rice.
He's marring her round of meetings with leaders of the new unified government.
Rice demanded an apology and got it.
She said, I don't make no flapjacks.
It makes me very angry to be sitting there with her president to have this happen.
She said they have no right to push and shove.
Rice made her remarks to reporters today after she and her entourage boarded an airplane
to fly from the capital to a refugee camp in the Darfur region.
And that's a good place for her.
At the camp she said the Sudanese government must prove its promises are credible as she would hold the government
to account if it fails to win the refugee crisis.
Right.
State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said the Sudanese foreign minister responded to
rice's demand for an apology by telephone and her aboard the plane to express regret for the incidents
at the ultra-high security residence of Sudanese president Omar El-Bashir.
Twice Sudanese guards hostility toward members of rice's entourage devolved into shouts and shoving.
As rice's motorcade arrived at the residence, armed guards slammed the gate shut before three vehicles could get in,
including those carrying rice's interpreter and other aids who were supposed to attend her meeting with El-Bashir.
When the officials were finally allowed to the gate, some found themselves barred from entering the building for the meeting
as rice senior adviser Jim Wilkinson tried to get in, guards repeatedly pushed and pulled him and at one point he was shoved into a wall.
The diplomacy 101 says you don't run for your guest stuff Wilkinson said.
Ambassador Kedair Haroon Ahmed headed these Sudanese men.
They got to work on some names over there, you know.
They all had the same names.
So they said the Mohammed Ahmed, whatever.
Head of these Sudanese mission and motion attempted to smooth over the situation on the spot.
Please accept our apology he told reporters and aids. This is not our policy, but there was another scuffle a week moments later.
Reporters and guards reluctantly allowed in the meeting for planned photo session were harassed in El-Bode and guards repeatedly tried to rip a microphone away from the US reporter.
The reporters were told not to ask questions over state department objections.
When NBC diplomatic reporter Andrea Mitchell tried to ask El-Bashir about his involvement with lesbians and atrocities,
guards grabbed her and muscled her toward the rear of the room, state department officials shouted at the guards,
get your hands off her Wilkinson, demanded.
She's married to what's his name? The fed, Alan the Greenspun.
Did you know that she's at his wife? No, I did not.
Get your hands off her, but all the reporters and camera crew were physically forced out as Rice and El-Bashir watched.
Later in describing Rice's meeting with El-Bashir, Wilkinson said she was very direct about the skepticism of the international community about their ability to improve Darfur.
I said action, not words. I sure hope she didn't say, no can be any mumbo jumbo. That would have not been the right thing to say.
Who the hell is that? The US officials said to them these officials, before they repeatedly asked Rice to lift sanctions and she gave them no promises,
but Rice later indicated she might consider requesting sanctions on railway and aircraft components.
How do you like that? The Muslim court kind of leaves a counter-honorage and Andrea Mitchell around. Now that bitch.
I'll guarantee on NBC News tonight, I would, you know, I've noticed not only his face, but Brian Williams sounds like he's talking to a,
something about his voice too. Like a tin can. Have you noticed? Maybe he's in the audio on an NBC News, but it's just something about his voice.
I mean, I watch him every night by default because there's nothing else you're going to watch a network newscast and John Stewart's not on that early.
But is this something bizarre about him? And now that I mentioned it, I'm really upset about that NBC booth announcement. It's about 140 years old. I sure wish I wish two things.
I'd like to know what that guy's name is. And we say, lightly those. It sounds like he's someone from the petrified forest.
And you mentioned it. Yes. Have you noticed? It's a union thing. Those guys that get those jobs, man, they're there forever till they go.
And they seem like little. They're all going to play from an NBC world. Those headwaters in the.
At anyway, okay. So facts from the Palm Beach troublemaker who says since Carl and Scooter Conference were exposing a CIA operative, we've not heard from Bush one.
He former CIA chief who said and I quote, I have contempt and anger for those who would expose the names or resources there. The most insidious of traders. The silence is deafening George. It says George 41. What do we want to call him? Like whole ass? Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines and something about that NBC night night. I know it's a big improvement over Brian Norcross. What a reason.
So I broke up. 650. We got a hell of a shot. You think we got 36 minutes and we need 47 votes. That's barely more than one minute. Can't we do that on this very high pay show? Even though there's nobody around.
Yeah, we do. Even Josh thinks we can do it. How do you like that? What is it? Yeah.
6 53 just click what? Okay. Just get with it just to make us feel better like we're still on the air. Okay. Even though we're on this station working for these people.
The thing I am least likely to is hand gay sex to him in 87 58. What's that percentage has gone down since we give him other choices like the vote Republican and what that? Yeah.
Vote Republican 72. Go in the military for it. I was thinking about this if I can never interrupt my reading of the poll result for just a second. I don't know what made me think about it. Maybe it was one of the bits I played before.
But see people are so hung up about celebrities and real hot looking celebrity. But the fact of the matter is I've always said this is that you can go into a shopping mall or I can go out to a casino or something.
And you see so many or just go out on the street. Well, not there. I mean most of the people are like retardos, but I'm talking like in a civilized place like here. Right.
Just walk downtown out on the streets and you look around and your tongue is down to your toes, man. No matter what it is that cranks your chain. You're the holy cow. Look at all these beautiful people.
You don't know their names, but you sure so would like to. At least for a few minutes.
But as opposed to people obsession with some folks who are really pretty marginal, you know, they make such a big deal out of some people who are like really marginal.
They just got to be on TV or have what he made up. See one nice thing about people that you see out on the street. Well, maybe some of the women are wearing a lot extra makeup. I don't think so. Not like in Hollywood. You know, no, no, that profession. I like in Hollywood Florida and Emerald Hills.
Anyway, I don't know what maybe you think about that, but it just is true. People are just get. They just get let down the garden path so easily. Oh, yeah, that's this one of that one whoever does. And I come to fight off it. They're reading not all that great.
You know, yeah. The thing I'm least likely to do is have the six three 88 vote Republican 74 join a military 41 good, good thinking. Keep thinking that way.
Okay, okay, do not allow yourself to be a human sacrifice sacrifices for the old barbaric religion is anyone's day. Listen to sports talk 35 each.
So 27 worship of God 17, which would give you a special dispensation for only the golfancy by dolphin season tickets. 16.
We destroy his anyles website 13. Well, yeah, mama, how do you like that? You laid 12. Watch the jail. Oh, movie 10. Play golf. 9. How boring. Watch us.
So pop up or four pick up a dinner tab three over. Hold in three times go to the race track to watch other people play sports to watch TV news to and read a newspaper.
Only a pair would dare to admit that you wrote test. George, are we the newspaper? No, I want to touch it. Just online though. He reads our bedtime stories.
Which is a big improvement. Okay, are we two newspapers? They Toronto star? Tara Toronto Sun? The star because they're like a liberal paper in the sun because they got a good sports section.
Even though they're right wing rag going by Rupert Murdoch. Do you wear rubber gloves when you read them? Yes. Okay. In fact, I wear rubbers when I'm reading the sun. It's always safer that way. 27 after one at five sixty W. Q. A. Did you get a good night's sleep last night? Maybe we're tossing and turning all night.
If you're tired of that small uncomfortable cramped bed if your mattress is worn out, it's time to step up to a new queen or king size bed from the great folks at Dilemma.
When you call one eight hundred mattress you choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same day delivery.
And you still get that same great deal. You choose the date and time of the tour window seven days a week for delivery between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. and they show up when you want.
Like 10 at noon, noon to two, etc. Dilemma. Chris carries the complete line of series.
You serve as Simmons, King, Coole, Stearns and Banana Sposter all the top names, no off brands, no crap.
And their everyday low prices and deep stock make your mattress shopping a breeze. Just make that easy call.
One eight hundred mattress will be talking with an expert bed in consultant who listens to your needs.
Will suggest a style and temper level that is perfect for you. These folks know the bedding business because that's all they do.
Just about all of the folks at Q. M. are sticking like a baby airing out on a Dilemma for sped and you ought to be doing the same.
Just sit there on your big pimpley fat ass, reach it over for the phone and call one eight hundred mattress or on the web. It's mattress.com.
Dilemma actress one eight hundred M. A. T. T. R. E. S. Be sure to tell them that fat boy told you to call.
When comes to the entrance of this wave and the sea?
The main is personnel aim.
Where is the elevator?
The elevator.
Sport radio fights.
Q. A. M.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
A. M. A.
A. M. A.
Down to the victim's face and soul.
A. M. A.
A. M. A.
He's a honey pot burning old.
When you take it back into the private room.
Where is the elevator?
Y'all!
Y'all!
That's the end of it!
It goes up, don't you know this is?
I'm throwing the holy down that I can do to feed.
Thinking of a big roll of this fat.
He's holding by the belly.
You feel it there is that.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Doug!
USTIN!
Doug!
Eddy!
The girl standing on the roof is.
What, what did?
She's locked away from Old provides die,
She's locked at the Court's not shine without.
Who made the entities walks off to the tower?
Huh?
Oh, what the hell?
Oh, what the hell?
Oh, what the hell?
That's what the hell?
Frank!
Frank!
Frank!
Okay, 133.
You've kind of peaked by curiosity before when you said,
and I'll never remember by Tuesday this being through the already.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, to discuss it before the show.
I guess we'll have to do it on the year, but this conversation you have with
Frank Boyd by one of his neurotic friends.
Yeah.
And what was the, I'm not sure the audience, because they've been following all of
us too from the live faxes to the, uh, all of us other crap that's been going on for
far too long.
And what's the F-Shop?
What kind of lies did a, uh, tell you?
He said that, uh, you know, he was going to talk to him again in this time,
talk to his wife and save all the faxes that he sends in and it's not for him.
He was going to, uh, talk to the wife about it and see if she could possibly
influence him to stop.
Yeah, stop what breathing.
That would be good.
Well, yeah, well, in lieu of that, stop contacting us.
Yeah.
Well, I would be good start, and if he could take Fat Boy with him, that would be even better
package.
We can make a package deal.
Like, we're never used to say they got package deals.
That sounds like a real wiener to me.
See, he's just a suckin' up because for whatever reason, all of a sudden, he feels left out
on the outside.
Now, they know we are.
In fact, even when Duff said that day, was that, that's right.
You were out that day, as they were sick.
Yes.
And the day they Miguel and Duff were doing the, uh, because Josh had a ball game.
And so I was left with like the eighth string that day and Duff admitted on the
ear that he hates Fat Boy like poison.
How do you like that?
But Duff, my spirit.
You're fair.
Which is, I thought was really, in fact, I think we can make a sitting ovation.
At any rate, we got some sports stories.
The first one's really bad for all of us pay-fied fans.
How many pay-fied fans we got?
The beast is sounding like he's gonna be stroked out pretty soon by the way.
He was slurring inside of really bad on the other one.
You notice that?
You didn't hear it.
No, I didn't know.
The beast is, uh, is he like, uh, blooding up even more?
I can't imagine how that's possible.
But, huh?
I'm a fat Jew.
How about his blood sugar is about like 600?
At least you could tell us more now.
I'll tell him to eat cinnamon.
He's sweat's sugar cubes.
No, seriously, cinnamon can't hurt.
You could just like lick it on it, put it on his arm and lick it all day.
Teddy bruski, you know, Teddy bruski is not only a great player, a great linebacker,
but he's also, the name is just so great.
Even George who's an anti-sports spectator kind of person,
I would agree that bruski is just such a great name for a sports person.
For anyone.
That's got a sports car get a bar and get a couple of bruski's, huh?
Right?
Is it more than one of them?
New England linebacker, Teddy bruski will set out this season
because of the strokey sufferings,
10 days after helping the Patriots win their third Super Bowl in four years.
Teddy has declared his intentions to forego the 2005 campaign,
take free spokesman Stacy James in the statement,
the bruski family wanted to express their heartfelt appreciation
for the tremendous effort they received from fans throughout the wing
and others around the country.
Really sad, it was okay, he's great.
It's going to be really tough to fill his sneakers, all right?
But nevertheless, I'm sure we'll do our best.
Take this one and another Super Bowl, you can smell it, can't you?
Oh yeah, I know who it's not going to be.
I don't know who it will be, but I guarantee you who it won't be, you know?
Ricky or no Ricky.
And Ricky's got to miss the first four games because of that drug suspension, right, Jack?
Yes, he has to.
Aww.
So, Rick, Ricky, Ricky, and by the time that, that, oh and four week,
they'll be, you're just salivating for his return.
Now, he's not doing the dreadlocks anymore, right?
Does he still got the haircut or do you like grow that back?
No, no, he does not have the dreads.
Don't mind getting tackled by the here anymore.
Good thing, get Ricky.
Former dolphins coach, John, Don Schu, what's his name again?
Don Schu, oh God, the brainstem.
I mean, you know that even when the brainstem is ripping you an ass,
that you've like reached the bottom of the barrel.
Anyway, you know, we, sunny, we move a slow, but we're moving in the right direction.
You'd tell him, Don, it's the Don.
Former dolphin coach, Don Schu was recent fashion of a successor continued yesterday
when he took another swipe at Jimmy's Johnson during a media conference called
regarding a mess once induction of Dan Marine, the football hall of fame.
Now, if Danny Boy is going to go into hall of fame, how they're going to get
and poke a head out of his leg before, I mean, that'd be kind of embarrassing, huh?
Have to shove the two of them in there together.
Schu, who coached Marino for his first 13 NFL seasons, said the quarterback was much
less effective after Schu, retired, retired my ass, and Johnson became coach from 1996 to 99.
Asked how much he thinks Marino benefited from having only two head coaches in 17 NFL seasons.
Schu, who said, you mean he had one coach?
Look at the numbers they speak for themselves.
What are shocked on?
The brainstem, strized back.
Can you see that movie?
Marino averaged 263 in that passing year as 1.9 touchdown passes and 1.1 in receptions,
a 199 games under Schu, compared to 220 passing years, 1.2 touchdowns and 1.0 in receptions
in 61 games under Johnson.
Marino also won 62% of the games he started under Schu, with one super bowl appearance.
Marino's winning percentage under Johnson was only 54.1%, and no super bowl appearances,
of course, needless to say, Jimmy has got a big mouth and he's got a big mouth
and a bad hair and just makes me nauseous.
He's another one of those people, highly, you know, in these sports fraternity that everybody kisses his ass.
And maybe a nice guy, I don't know, but he just rubs me the wrong way, you know?
Blows me.
He just talks a lot of crap.
He talks crap.
You know, all the blow and no show, so to speak.
Diminishing physical that's called as in blowing hot areas.
Diminishing physical skills may have affected Marino's plan under Johnson,
but Chula also believes he used an offensive system that played better to the quarterback's strengths.
Unlike Johnson's heavy, run heavy scheme, Chula didn't try to utilize Marino in play action passing plays.
The thing that made Dan so special was his vision downfield, Chula said,
he always wanted to be looking downfield.
He didn't like play action passes where he'd have to fake the handoff and pick up the receiver and see where the blitzes were coming from.
The blitzes were probably coming from the Villa deli, Don.
He also wanted to be facing one as scrimmage where he could see what the coverage wasn't where the blitz-
the blitz-cree was coming from, probably CNN.
Johnson hasn't responded to an interview requested by Marino made this week through Fox Sports where he now serves as an analyst.
The longstanding friction between Johnson and Chula continued last month when the letter appeared on Fox Sports Radio.
Chula criticized Johnson for the way he downplayed the franchise's history after replacing his coach in 96.
Chula said Johnson wanted to throw all that away and just talk about his own accomplishments,
and they turned out to be not accomplishment said the brainstem.
When you happen to be done,
except for the fact that you didn't retire, you were fired but never listened.
We don't want to say that because that's embarrassing, right?
Peace is it.
It doesn't look good, you know, for public consumption, which is why I call a press conference to make sure that everybody in the media understood
he was retiring now, we're not knocking the fire.
That would be really bad.
And in retrospect, could it have been any worse down to Jimmy?
No.
Jimmy was an embarrassment.
In fact, Jimmy is what led to the Wonsvet era, the brief and the angler is in grotesque Wonsvet era.
What are you thinking?
Four and 12 or three and 13, Josh.
Four and 12.
Four and 12.
Okay, son.
Hey, there's something to be said for consistency, man.
There's nothing like being rock-solid.
A year after, a year of season after, a season.
In fact, look at those people.
We got 17 people say the last thing they would do under the sun ever is by dolphin season tickets.
Why don't we put by Panther season tickets on their Wonsvet zoom up, boys?
That's just for fun.
That's what we want to run.
Robert E. Salt and Alan Cohen's Wons, by the way, and at Crapwoodbury Jackass, about a $30 million payroll.
It was already 29 million.
It was already the lowest in the league.
The salary cap is $39, a not $30 million.
Spend some of that top-end money you lied to us about.
Okay, oh, we're going to spend the air.
But we've been moving about.
We're waiting.
Okay, and I don't think Jack Martin or Jacques Martin, whatever you want to call him, is going to be real thrilled.
But a bunch of people I heard all about, the youngsters in the organization for, let's get some skilled players on here.
Some people with some skill.
Got it?
Got it.
I don't know you're all whipped up about the impending hockey season, mainly because I'm on here.
Jodie, fall flat on his ass.
I think he'll be okay.
I think he'll do a good job.
I'm not saying that gratuitously because quite frankly, I think if I never heard him again, it'll be too soon.
But I just, I think he'll be okay.
You know what?
Oh, whatever.
I guarantee you have been better in which, which walls, you know what, he'll be the best hockey notes I've ever listened to.
Yeah, well, there you go.
I guess you never heard rumor.
19 till 2 at 5.60 W.A.M. for years, I've been telling you about our good friends at dry concepts.
They're the best car for cleaning company in the universe, which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my homes.
But did you know that dry concepts can also save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars, by doing other things for you?
Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a pulsary mother furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, and repair, pet odor treatments and water damage too.
One thing about our sales department, they don't believe in like punctuation, you know, it's not in their vocabulary.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently too.
Dry concepts professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented.
And during this month, during the month of July, it's dry concept summer, sizzler sale.
So be sure to take advantage of great savings, even better than usual on all dry concept services.
From carpet cleaning to tile and grout cleaning, it's the only place you ought to be calling.
You don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price upfront, no rip off, no scams, no games.
So call dry concepts do yourself a favor.
Toll free, invade, rout into Palm Beach's, it's 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the Wicked Web, it's dryconcepts.com.
It's a great country to take advantage of.
It's new righteous, new righteous, it's a great country.
For sure you'll buy some steam.
See you there, yeah.
A phone ounces is most ambitious, charity, super concert ever.
It's 1-800-50, more than 50 bands will take the stage to raise money for them.
Sell them.
Among those scheduled robberes, that sees the price button.
And without hats, double-crash test-combing, there are the books.
Steve, like, and Tommy Tuttole.
All proceeds from one hit 1-800-248.
Go directly to those with definitely needed life.
Gotcha, do do.
Thomas Dole, the Goopah-Hah-Man, Lou Baker, Modern English, and Lisa Trina and the waves.
These were hit wonders wonder where their next reader was coming from.
And now you can help the pro-players.
On your finals, fan-down ballet, love paper, like he goes to Hollywood.
And there he goes, slurve himself.
Sure, Warton.
That hit 1-800-248.
It's about music.
It's about compassion.
It's about helping vanilla ice fight a new refrigerator box to chill in.
It's a 145.
I love that.
15-2 at 560.
You know what's going to be the last bit that we're going to play out of the last break?
Yes, yes I do.
Oh, don't do it.
Let me give you that little clue.
Don't do it.
The home orifice of a former professor accused of being a Palestinian terrorist letter
to receive taxes from the group praising heroic operations that resulted in the death of Israeli soldiers
that green documents introduced to this trial yesterday.
Prosecutors didn't present any evidence that Samuel Aryan or his three-code affinence
read the press release and community of Kimineke, one of which referred to the glory of martyred fighters
who had participated in the terrorist attacks.
One fact since September 6, 1994, was signed the Islamic Jihad movement in Palestine,
another name for the Palestinian Islamist year.
And rising in the money python, which one of the movies was it?
It was like the people's republic.
That could be the people's party of the world.
People's front of the deer.
Which prosecutors say was a terrorist organization that former University of South Florida professor
raised money for and helped lead the PIJ has blamed for more than 100 deaths in the Middle East,
hubb and dreared.
Prosecutors also played a video tape showing Abdaal Aziz Awada, a defendant in the case who's still large in toning,
no peace with Israel and saying that only Jihad or holy will resolve differences with Israel
and we should poison their halafah.
How do you like that?
We should go pee on their home in Tasha.
All right, you first.
We missed the forum this year and I'm really peered about probably I'm still alive.
Yeah, it's long gone, like back in March.
You're missing.
No, we got the home in Tasha from Halverstead, remember?
And I ate the whole bag of sorbitol, latent gummy bears.
That's right.
Wow.
That's a wonderful bowl.
He's a good guy but he's another one of these, you know, killing you with kindness, poisoning you with stuff that you can't possibly.
Like your ex account that brought me all that sorbitol halafah of the game one night at Hockey Game.
Yeah.
Now I've ever talked about that.
Yes, he did.
And he was delicious.
I'll say that before I sure was a busy boy for a long time on the, uh, anywhere on the throne.
It said put the queen on the throne.
705, it's not even a contest.
We made that see if we really put our, um, that was like a finesse debris.
It was so easy.
If we were to put our head to the grindstone, we could go on for 800 days.
Josh didn't do it.
Probably good, good idea to you know.
Yeah.
705, not a problem.
The thing I'm least likely to do, have gay sex.
That's not a 58.1% vote Republican.
83 and join a military 50, that number is zooming up fast.
Justice Department seeks to pursue tobacco profits.
See, this is what really kills me.
If they're going to do this, and I'm not one who advocates smoking cigarettes.
But let me just say this to you.
Well, they already got basically a skull and crossbones on the packing rate.
There isn't anybody out there opening your five that does know that cigarettes are going to give you a lumpy answer possibly.
You got a right of a lift, the kids or whatever.
See, it's not like back in the day when the cigarettes, they always showed this beautiful young couple out in the woods.
It's kind of like you'd be glamorous and beautiful if you smoke cigarettes.
Or every one in the Marlboro man, you're going to be as much as he is if you smoke our faggots and stuff like that.
But in the meantime, we got all this stuff that you buy in your supermarket that's loaded, speaking to the FDA.
And the loaded with chemicals and preservatives and additives and just killing us like crazy.
We have all these cancers and oil, clogged arteries and all this other stuff.
And nobody is saying, oh wait, you know, once in a while you get something that wants to food, to sue the fast food joint.
It's something like that.
But what about all the stuff that we, every day that you buy in your supermarket that's poison?
Yeah.
Well, nitrates.
See, when you're like an adult, go out and make your own choices.
That's all I can say to you.
And don't be always looking to sue everybody.
The Justice Department appeared on the Supreme Court yesterday in its landmark lawsuit against the tobacco industry arguing that the government should be able to pursue as much as a $280 billion in past profits from cigarette makers for allegedly misleading the public about the dangers of smoking.
Right.
The petition to the High Court could revive a crucial part of that case and contrast with the Department's recent decision to drastically reduce the separate penalty it wants to throw a court to impose which would pay for smoking cessation programs.
And of course, looking forward to 28 page filing.
Government lawyers call their case against the tobacco industry the most important civil filing ever brought by the Justice Department under federal rack attire laws and warned that lower court rulings in the case threatened other prosecutions as well.
Good.
The case graphically, this business of I would be like me showing a hog in does because I had invented banana and I'm addicted to it and it's killing me.
Okay, I can't stop eating it all.
I won't have any today.
There's a thought.
I don't have any yesterday.
What?
There's a thought.
What?
Suiting.
Yeah, let's do all the ice cream makers.
All of us try and bet it's all of us.
People that are addicted to sugar and refined carbohydrates.
Let's just sue all their risk.
It's a good, a good, perfect thing.
And just like that thing with pringles, you can't eat only one.
Would you wonder why can't you?
Because they put all kinds of stuff in there to affect your taste buds so that it makes you ravenous.
We need the first one.
You want to eat like 10,000 of them.
Or at least 30,000.
30,000.
Right?
Right.
So when are they smitten, man?
Oh, but they're trying to suck in the young people I see.
So in other words, all these cereals, these sugar-related cereals, all these fast foods, and all this junk food.
And then they're not trying to suck in the young people.
Who are the ones as you well know when they, when Mama goes to the supermarket?
Who are the ones that, oh, Mommy, I want this.
I want that, that picked that out, huh?
Yeah.
That might work for some people.
Spitting it all.
Oh, Mommy.
Well, that's because you have discipline in your household.
That's right.
Spanking.
I never heard anybody, including the wife.
Feeding's of bats.
That's just on the wife.
Too late.
Yeah, no.
Dallas, zoo officials have decided a little competition may inspire a male Asian elephant to get into the meeting mood.
Fort Worth, zoo's, low-asian bull elephant, Groucho hasn't said to cancer six years.
And George wishes he could say the same.
So zoo officials hope that bringing another male elephant will spark a flame between Groucho and the female packet rooms.
They're packet-derming it.
A little competition has been proven to work in the rhino population as well.
So Michael Foraker, the zoo's executive director, we just need Groucho to get up to speed.
Zoo officials have any of chosen the new suit, but we'll choose one of two elephants from Florida's Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Center for Elephant Conservation.
How much it didn't even ever hurt such an organization, huh?
No, I never had one.
What an educational freaking show this is.
One of the zoo's female elephants, Russia, will pick her favorite from photos Wednesday.
She'll pick her favorite from photos and zoo patrons can also vote for either Casey Orraja at Fort Worth Zoo.com.
It's a pretty good deal.
The choice would be, yeah, and that sounds like something I'm gonna answer to him.
You got a catalog.
Yeah, I've heard about that.
You got a loader.
It's charged with...
So you see that thing with the London and the...
You've been all that because even a BBC's now on Sodom right now.
And next, Gary, I'm gonna go more on.
So it comes to school.
Welcome to the school.
So who's waiting for five sixty-two?
She waiting for it.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments?
Yes.
Now, tribal sovereignty means that.
It's sovereign.
You're a year eight.
You've been given sovereignty and your view is a sovereign entity.
Okay.
And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
Makes me want to go.
I'm going to go and play a trick with Pants and Go.
Take my fingers on the road.
I'm going to try and keep going.
Get a prank.
Keep going.
Make me lose control.
Go and play.
I never say go and play.
You can't score it home.
So are you being made?
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
I squeeze my money.
Go and play.
Go and play.
Go and play.
I didn't play.
Go and play.
You'll be playing.
You'll be playing.
Go and play.
You'll be playing.
You make me wanted money.
Money will replace the bond.
But your bandwidth...
Hey!
Though I complete this location.
You came to town...
June 29th.
like
stand by. I hope you're long next man dog at four and then after that you don't want to know.
Okay, seven. I'm making a pardon. I said it. I thought for sure I heard you crack your
knuckles or cracking up or cracking the whip crack it. 720 votes. Not too bad. I would say considering.
We're up against it. Because what? Well, next Wednesday is going to be a day that will live in
infamy. Can you imagine when a book comes out that can you imagine between now since it's already
Thursday and next Wednesday the prodigious bomb was the wild the hysterical diarrhea that's
going to be taking place. Oh man. Place on the fact. No thanks. 720 votes. The thing I am least
likely to do is have gay sex 417 58%. We believe you. No way. No. No Republican 85.
Join the military 53 that number is inching up there ever rather find a catch it on.
You're not interested in being a human sacrifice. Let somebody else do it. Let the old
the toads do it. Let Rumsfeld go over there and kick ass his own. Listen to sports talk 36.
Eat sushi 27. Worship a god. 19. By dolphin season tickets 18. Who wants to see a 412 team
anyway right? I mean you got to stick by your team but if they really stink. Read the stories on
the eels websites 17 2.3%. I still think that's you know philosophical. Right.
Presently this crowd and they don't want to just look at making pictures. Well, they're not like
no easy get laid 14. Watch a J. L. O. Movie 10. Play golf 9. Watch a soap opera for
take up a dinner tab 3 which means rumors been busy here all morning. Go to the racetrack 2.
Watch other people play sports 2. Watch TV news appear. Read a newspaper 2 and we just put it
on there but believe me it'll I have a feeling you may start inching up the Atlanta. Like maybe
some people want to like change the boat. Five past this season tickets so far has got to be. Oh so far.
If I wouldn't surprise me. Yo these on 7 o'clock tonight hockey and fencing for three hours
on QM tonight. Bye bye bye. What terms to interest in? It's Neil Rogers midday.
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What are you trying to advice me?
Till QAM Miami 4-large day. Rock solid.
