Hello nobody cares. You're right about that. I said Neil that there were two reasons why they and I said
Don't be complacent about that election, but it was the newspapers giving the governor credit
But I think that the Harold had a lot to do with it. No, Harold has no club. I disagree with it
No, you know what is we don't respect it now
They went on it. They went on a 10-day crusade. They're a hero lost their clout years ago
The fact is that there is a group of people in Dave County that if anybody named Bushes jumped they'll ask how high plus
The biggest problem is the rest of the people didn't bother to vote
You know you can play in the old Cubans as much as you want and you'll notice they voted against it
The only ethnic group that voted against 56 to 42 Hispanics against which is mostly the old Cubans
Right, but the fact that it matters when only 14% bother to get off the rest and vote you know channel 10 had a poll on
Line last night 70% said yes for a good slots and only 30% against that state and Broward 70% the poll we took was like 90% in favor
So all the the fact is that overwhelming majority of the people in both counties were in favor
But most people said on a race so just like has been going on for years in Dave County
Everybody bitches and moans and the old Cubans this and it but everybody else this is sits on the air as it stays home
Yeah, I think this is this is a decnel for colder to me because you know here's Gulfstream
Just a few blocks away basically. I mean just a mile north and a little bit east and they got it and Carter does not
No, here's what's gonna happen with colder because they won't be able to
Increase their purses right there are a lot of trainers who talked about this last summer
They're not gonna stay here. They're gonna go to Delaware where there are purses
They won't stay here and race anymore during the summer racing or colder is gonna be a disaster, you know
And well maybe Gulfstream will have to wind up being year-round
Ah, I hope not
That's one of the things they had in mind all along because they're
Depending on how much the state is gonna live and put in there. They're gonna build a humongous casino facility with slots in there
Yeah, I'm the brownered side of their property, right
We'll see we'll see
Not over Neil talk about bad luck though man
Carter would just a few blocks out to the county line and here's Gulfstream just a few blocks north of the county line
What a difference a few blocks makes when they didn't know when they first started talking about the issue
They were saying that there was a good chance that they would have it first
And because of the Broward Commission
Thranging its feet that they might have to wait a couple years for it, but it's just the reverse and
You know they they're only hope is the two years from now
They can come up for it again and win it this time
But you know what as long as that newspaper exists and as long as you've got Armando, Kudina and
And Jeb Bush and don't you think that this fan is like an album and album?
I don't understand it we know listen to it don't you think the use of
Yeah, I'm sure you know we're we're pounding away day after day on this yep absolutely and interestingly the Cubans and when it was the
Fascist Fatista in there had all those beautiful casinos that Marlensky was running in Havana
Oh, they love casino gambling
So I think maybe if we had had like dominoes and cockpights in there
They might have put it over the top and Superman there may be fast domino although I hear he's gonna be a Gulfstream
And Superman yeah
Let's remember that yeah, I remember Superman
But Joyce will get upset if we get into that in to the graphic detail
Well, that's just he was on stage when Johnny Ola told me about Superman. I remember
You broke my heart, yeah
That's Superman wrong Superman we'll talk about he didn't have a cape on
Well, there's not too much going on here today except that one microphone's broken and the other one has a might stand
And I got a whole new attitude for you baby impact it was told to me by Berkeley or one of our really hot shot sales
Broad this morning she had a great line. I even wrote it down because I didn't want to misquote it
Just cash the check
You told me that years ago
So yeah, but this is a new twist on another words forget about copy forget about equipment forget a just cash the check
So all everything else I've got a whole new attitude as it today
I'm drawing the line on the same forget about the ratings forget about our fine sponsors forget about copy forget about
Microphones that work your homework just cash the check actually you're right. We're sorry like this like the sign that we got in the
NR studio there on the wall says just give us the F and money and that's our philosophy QA M
Okay, I won't worry about these things that come up for
Next I'll listen you're gonna have a lot longer plus I have one other piece advice for you
Not gonna listen to me you're one of the last holdouts
Living in Dave County if I were you a guy that's making your bucks move the broward. I'm close
Yeah, I know what you're getting close you gotta like get over the line. I'm in oven through
I'm not that far just go to show you just a few blocks too far south just get a nice place over the line
You know what I'm five minutes to Gulfstream of my five minutes from Gulfstream with all the enters up there
I am five minutes away. We're almost old enough to live with the kindle commandos now. I do all those
Oi
Shut up George
You know it's great though hanging around the building and and watching the rented young women come walking into the Alta
Cockers upstairs really yeah
The rented young women yeah, we're being rented by the Alta Cockers. Oh, I see
I thought maybe we were talking about the chambermaids. I thought he was talking about this building. Yeah
Two weeks we used to say George
All right, I haven't had baseball but you know I got some bad news. I just looked at the central Florida radar
I was looking for that dude. Oh don't tell me the game is gonna get rained off too. No, it's pouring here. I don't know how it isn't
Oh no
And that was another excuse it rained a little bit yesterday. So that was another good excuse
I hope you people in Dave County are real happy that you're still stuck in the stone days. Okay you idiots
Very upset. They're gonna they're gonna be looking to blame somebody else. They got nobody to blame but themselves
There's over one million registered voters in Dave County 154,000 showed up
You know, a lot of people call you or want to know
Hi, Leah was gonna be in an onslaught thing. Maybe they made a mistake. Maybe I should have
Hi, Leah. Yeah, that would have been good. Well, at least those people would have come out and voted just for the cock fight
So that's all the over there although they're mayor
Campaigned against it. Right. That's right
And we know how honest he is
I wonder who got the hand. You better not start up with him again. He'll beat the crap out of you
He could do that
Oh man. I think we have like
We're working a book. We could co-author a book. Yeah, only nobody would believe it
I don't think so and you notice by the way at one other point that I want to make the other day about very jackass
You notice how he's sucking up to the the other station now the 790. Yeah, goes to show a Greg read really paid off all those years of like only
We're doing very small calls and not talking to anybody else and give them all the inside dope really paid off for us big time
When the fan went on to your he put it on the front page of the paper to try to stick it to us and other
We got this stiff operation over there. It's oh, they're really fair and very well as Friday that article
Maybe we want to puke the one where he put the disclaimer in the hero. Yeah, right. Well, it has nothing to do with this
Do you believe me? No, we don't very go back and eat your baloney sandwich
Pathetic nothing. I'll ever change man. It's the same same thing faces change people come and go but it's the same place
Wow, so that's a one thing you and I have in common besides loving the candle
And by the way don't lose too much is that when we go home we both have to show our passport
This is true. Yeah, you're in yeah, that's right. You're in a country to the north. I'm in a country that is correct
I'll take I'll keep this one. Thank you
Okay, I'll start looking around broward. Please
Although I'm only five minutes from the now slots now
I don't play slot machines. It doesn't matter to me where they are
You you'd go there and give it a shot. Not honestly the generate gambler like you if there's if there's a difference
It's there where two leaves falling from a tree
You bet which one would hit the ground? I might do that, but I would never put money in a slot machine
I never have really yeah
You'll never play the slot machine in your life. Yeah, maybe once I put a quarter in I'm not kidding
I'm not kidding you
I you know with the only time I ever played a slot machine and I was waiting for some people to come down
We were going to dinner and I was sitting by the front door and I threw a quarter in the slot machine
I have no interest in playing them none right
So no gambling it's not that kind of a form of gambling that interests me. Yeah, there's no brain work involved
That's what you think that's not that is not correct
I sat two machines away from a guy that was a young couple sat down
They hit two grand on the line. They hit 400 on the wheel and I saw that machine have been dead all morning long
And my machine was like keeping me even you know, it was keeping me going and the minute they left the guy
He said you want this one? I said yeah, I'm gonna give it a shot because as soon as it got hot
I knew it was gonna pay within five minutes it gave me a thousand on the wheel and 1500 on the line
And I was out the door that was on Sunday like I said I'm gonna go play slots to staff then no no
I'm not the town y'all and I'm just telling you that if you use a little common sense sometimes you can know
Not my account something
I'd rather hit the pick six somewhere. There you go
But not today. I have enough trouble with the pick one sloppy track today. I won't be there. Oh a sloppy track is great
I don't want to go lose money today because I've been following your lead. Okay. Yeah
You say don't lose too much. I'm not there. I won Saturday. I'm keeping my winning still next Saturday
By the way tomorrow's the 10th of March
I just want to remind some of the people are in the building in Rosmarts 10th its payday for most of us
So it's very easy for for me to say just cash to check the only problem is getting it done in the first place
Because this outfit still don't like to pay on payday
My last payday they had my check sitting in envelope there for three extra days
Just to make sure they could hold onto it for a while. Yeah, so like till a Greg puts the swig on it, which means it'll clear the bank
Greg's not here. No, that's what I'm saying
He's on permanent vacation. Yeah, I don't know where he is
And with that last trend if he's smart he won't come back. Yeah, I'm not worried about it
I just take the checks Neil. There you go. Just cash the check tomorrow Hank in fact you're probably on automatic
I'm on automatic. I'm on the fifth in the 20th. Yeah, there you go
It's already in your account so that's all the more reason to go out and cleanse this afternoon. I could do that
Yeah, I'm a pretty good sloth player
not a slot slot
Have a great day you two hang on to it. I'm doing it and your money too
From the Fernando Republic, Sammy only in Miami. Hey, those mirrors. Oh skydow get ready for the story of CD you ever heard
Dan Rather sorry do it
I'm sorry
So sorry not only does Dan sing a sorry duet with Brenda Reed he sounds even so here with Chicago
I'm sorry
Dan Rather sorry do it features this sorry thing along with Rubin's study is like a mr. Shad is like a drop the ball
I'm sorry order now and if you're not completely satisfied
Dan Rather will personally say
I'm sorry
All right, that between Monday and Tuesday we had eight hours of smiles on our faces
Dick and steve at poppin apart thanks for the fast guys. Okay. Go forget
I want my own machine five-hour real affordable machine with my name on it
I might actually spend more time in town, but I doubt it
So there you go and I have bad vibes boys and girls about today's Marlon's exhibition game with a red song said Jupiter
Yeah, why because of the rain? No, if you look at I just looked at the central floor to radar the whole damn state
Well, it's a cover on it's pitch blackouts. Yeah, the whole state though is covered with that
I mean you think they're playing up in Jupiter with my catch of break. I don't know
We're supposed to get out here at 1250 today, which is the one great thing we had to look forward to and
Uh-uh don't look too promising. Oh already made a deadest appointment. Yeah me too. I got a uh, I'm getting drilled right Rook now
Oh, what's this you just sent me here? Are you really spelling Randy's name on the road?
Did we spell Randy? Oh, who cares how we spell it Jim?
Would you get a life at a life told there at the fix it? Oh, she's almost voted her
But Phil gets my click with the operative word being did did did
Anyway, can the early bird voters on your poll get a second vote for free? You vote as many times as you want
You know whatever makes you happy just like you people in tape you want to go back and vote again on the slot thing
Those of you jackasses that stayed home yesterday. Oh, man. Well it rained a little bit, you know
You know, I think Josh Cortes ought to take part in the blame for you. It's spreading the seeds of complacency
I'm a proud word guy. I don't that's not the point the point is you're on the show
And we have this vast audience. So we've got a lot of listeners in date. You know, I got them in
Yeah, it's Josh's fault and you're the one that spread the seeds of complacency there and they oh, why bother you know
I really carry out why bother it's uh, I watched that thing last night
Channel 10 by the way did a fabulous job on her website. They were the only ones and
It started out and in date county was 5,000 votes ahead. Yeah, this is his half of the precincts in 5,000 ahead
Then next time I came up with a new number it was like 2,000 votes ahead and I thought oh
We've seen this before the same pattern and then it came up with about three quarters of thing or now about
Lesson that and it was only um, there was 2,000 behind and then it was like six thousand some behind it
Wanda blues and by 65 of our votes in date county
14% of the people voted in date and I realized they didn't have all the municipal elections arrest like Broward did
But what you know who comes out for dog catcher, you know, all the silly things right so in Broward to pass 57 to 43%
Easy by over 26,000 votes and it would have passed by a lot more than that if the people who really cared what it come out and voted
Which they did not I mean when you look at every poll that we saw including the channel 10 pool shows 70% were in favor of slots in both
Data and Broward and it loses in date because nobody showed up
You and I've been saying this for all these years and you know what my attitude about that is the same as it is about Q.A.M
I just don't care do whatever you want don't bring me any copy just like Berkeley says just give us the just cash the check
She made it official today not that she's in any position to make it official
But she you put the her imprimatur on it whatever that means where she put her rubber stamp on it
And then her line about our new sales managers sluggo. Oh, he doesn't come around because he's afraid of you
Isn't that great? Where have we heard that before? This is our sales manager
He doesn't communicate well guess what sluggo don't even bother coming back in because I don't care anymore
You can leave the same copy on offer in the next four years and you probably will I don't really care
That's the same with Dave County. I've been telling you this for as long as I can remember
I was killed in politician
Well, that's because nobody else runs and nobody else shows up to vote there the old the old Cubans are the ones you can
Bet your life on it. They're gonna show up to vote come rain or hail or snow or
tornadoes or tsunamis. They're gonna show up
It's like a religion them and if Bush and anybody named Bush if it would have been no-eld Bush in between doing lines
If she would have said go out there and vote against it. It's bad. It's evil. I
You know, there's oh, yes. He's see mama seat. Yeah
Yeah, I'm telling you you know what of course Bush Bush
Our theme and when Hank gave us a hero credit for this
I know that they ran a hysterical and nobody pays any attention to them anymore. They lost their clout years ago
You can thank the jib bush bush was the one who came in here and screwed Dave County again
He was getting on Spanish language radio because you know he is fluent of course of course
So there you go in him now
Yeah, rubbed off on and so as a result that's why their gets screwed
Miami highlight gets screwed and call to get screwed and the people in the schools are gonna get screwed
That's that's almost half that's three out of the seven facilities that aren't gonna be a run in it right away
Because uh your pice governor and of course, you know, he's anti-public education anyway
So it fits right in with his DB is playing right just a virtual of the electorate out of the agenda
They're your fat ass governor
Boge, which you know that's same thing with a presidential election
It's is the petable as the weather in Peoria man. There is no mistake about it
Well, I look at it's 10-13 already we're moving along here. We're supposed to get out here at 1250 there
I say we get out 1250 anyway. Let them worry about it right what else we got on no mode today
Well, that'd be something to do do do do do do game we're got rained out. We had to bring Moan
That's great ideas huh? That's a great idea bringing Moa 1250 is what I say my good close
Don't don't don't don't
Holy machina. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God
We need a new pope
One that ain't so sick
A pope says it's wrong to show
Altriboy's your piano stick
We need a new pope
What do things about her
That if you dress go all the way with clear pucks and a mini shirt
The pope who hates the good sir
But once you have melt's wise
A pope who likes his party and it's courage a good time
With yellow shots instead of wide
We need a new pope
One that isn't happening
Huh?
One who wears a fedorian stick of a bird they had on his head
What?
We need a new pope
One who's really straight
It was a shopper cars you tried when he goes out on a date
A pope that makes it happen
A pope that's really cool
A pope that says rendition and say you'll be it a fool
And a pope that does in drool
Twenty past ten the two plus old exilios continue ruling in date counties very sad
Dan Rathers last newscast on CBS tonight which I'm sure they'll be very excited about because after all
We know when they think of Dan they come on this that come on Easter the same old tired crap
Raging soft floated down turning date county into an outdoor toilet for all these last many many years very sad
tragic as a matter of fact
So here's the deal
Tollywood Greyhound track Dania Highlight
Pompano Park and Gulfstream Park could begin adding slots as early as July 1st
But of course the state legislature has to do now the
Enabling legislation and decide how many machines are gonna how many machines you think they'll let them have
Stop turning man
Total
Right oh yeah, and all in all four places of course like about seven and a half a piece
And then it says that
Proponents will see that still from the bacon again
Proponents will likely as state county voters in two years to reconsider while the opponents
Those good Bible thumping yahoo holier than now are considering seeking a statewide referendum next year to repeal slots
Which of course to talk about a waste of time and money anyway precinct samples from dayd showed
That whites voted in favor of slots 55 to 45 blacks voted 56 to 44 in date county
But Hispanics were the deciding factor as usual the old tuteless crowd the exilios
They voted no 56 to 42 percent. What doesn't add up to 100 but somewhere in there who knows what the rest were doing
They were like I don't know playing dominoes
How do you like that?
True
So it's the same old crap and like I said you can blame those people or you're looking to mirror and blame yourselves because most of you didn't vote
And I'm gonna tell you right now, you know
It's nice getting notes and stuff and thanks for your help and Broward and so on
Uh, I'll take some of the credit for that a little bit
Although it should have passed by a much much healthier margin in Broward
You know 26,000 votes isn't too bad
But we sure don't have any cloud in Dave County and and you want to know why what because this show
Hey, we have nothing in common with Dave County of no interest in Dave County
I don't live there you don't live there. Josh doesn't live there. Uh, I still say that if there was a way for us to retool our signal
No, no because you know we had a trouble a lot of trouble being heard inside buildings and your
Power wires in the car if we could like push the whole signal north in the Broward and Palm Beach
We'd be you know going to help a lot more service because Dave County is like alia. I mean alien to us at least to me
I mean no speaking out of my language and it's just the whole thing
Is very very sad and it's never going to change. It's like it's like QAM
It's never going to change. That's why I just gave up today. I'm just totally give up good
Yeah, cave in just take the chair of the bed and screw everything else
We can make a trouble
Because there's no point all that does is shorten your life stress kills
That's right when you die bed at a kind of state county
We can sit here and rail about the herald and about uh mayor this one and that one
The fact that it matters is that's what the people there want
They want it to be an after a funeral parlor
They're living in a dream world
They got one foot in the ocean. They're waiting to cross back to Cuba again, which is not never going to happen
Although quite frankly those old exilios that voted against this thing yesterday
We'd be more than happy to find some leaky banana boats and put your asses on and send you back where you came from
Because quite frankly south Florida be a hell of a lot better place without your
Without your the cancer that you've created on Dave County and that's exactly what you've done
You have created a cancer in the community here is something that would have brought in thousands of jobs
Uh, you can argue about how many dollars, but certainly a significant amount of dollars for public education
And and given p given people some place to go and brought a lot of tourist back in who wouldn't be going on to cruise ships and go to the Bahamas
I mean the deposit is outweighed the negatives by a zillion to a titan
None
Yeah, but and don't confuse these people ever with the facts
It's always well jet boosted this and boost that and by and on you mom visa and therefore like a bunch of sheep like a bunch of lemons
They do tofully go out there and buy a beep but it will and in a single tired crap
So I you know I my recommendation to anybody living and breathing because let's face it 44% of the people in Dave County
What was it 50 no 48% voted for it?
So that's almost half so just like I told the Humper this morning move to Broward move to Palm Beach get out of there already
Let Dave County just just hand it over okay. It's been a bloodless coup anyway for the last 40 or five years now
Just hand it over here. You go
It's a festering sewer of corruption and crap you have it
We're gonna go live somewhere where we have like a little voice
So I take back what I said yesterday that didn't about South Florida
See I think it's really Broward and Palm Beach counties because more and more people are moving like to Boka and
Places in Palm Beach Delray Beach
Um, it's Broward and Palm Beach
Don't include Dave County when you talk about South Florida versus the rest of the state because it's the same red
Dek mentality just with a spoken with a different language, you know what I mean?
Thanks, buddy, buddy
You talked about that a million times this speaks in the Higgs have more
In the vision and you do what they want a bit right so there you go
WDQA in election central. Hello
Might see there's our first call was a good one you can hear him snapping his gum WDQA in hello and neo high
Domenon okay man
White Hispanic
We voted yes yesterday. Yeah, and I'm in our defense towards two late man get out there gonna come and get your ass
But I see what I'm gonna say is why these are who those wanted against it if you go down there to make a soup in the seminal one
And that's how you see the whole who knows yeah because the old because bush told them bush
Yeah, but they're against them, but they still go on page 90's other facilities. Let me know the idea. Yeah, you know part of the family
I know
See it the Broward line man one of those days. Okay. Oh, I didn't do any of our stuff yet
You know, and we better hurry because we got a baseball game
I I would say the chances of that game being played today on a scale of zero our minus infinity
I don't know
Huh?
Huh? Oh, I'm hoping I'm wrong on that. Oh, it always look good. Brian
Right I'm looking at that radar and the whole state looks like it's covered by a tsunami now
If that's just you know, these are like greens and medium greens. It's like yellow like that
You know like wild hysterical rainstorm well our final tally yesterday selling we had
186 votes. How did you or will you vote on the slot machine referendum? Yes
925 no 110 so in other words about 90 percent
Can't vote 307 don't give it to me 259 won't vote 85 see in that 85 that five percent in number
They county that could have made a big difference
Could have made a huge difference in the out off your ass you go out there
But you didn't do a dindia. Did you do it now you took the Josh Cordis way out the easy way out lazy
Shiflis and now you're gonna have to drive to Broward to go like plunge your guts out too bad
Here's today's pool by the way. We got Angelina Jolie Brad Pitwell introduced you to Angelina. We're not gonna
Give you no background if you know who she is then you're probably a screaming fag
Angelina Jolie's on air naked with her tattoo even the whole deal there it is there she is all her splinter
Here's the pool today. What talk host Neil has worked with other than QAM did you like the best other than QAM
Rick Riley well, let's see what we got in there. We got votes already because we put it up for online
Would have put it up earlier, but Eric was again having issues
Phil Henry 76 suds coolman 48 Randy Rhodes 29
Apologize for the bad spiller we stringed it out never listened to Neil before QM 24 that's almost 10%
All seven years plus that we built this vast audience of new QN listeners almost 10%
Wow, isn't that exciting or what huh growing by leaps and bounds? Yeah, well by the ones
None of the about 23 they don't like anybody micrinerary 18 Rick Riley 12 Bill corder 11 brook Daniels five brook Daniels had five
I put that was like a gag that was a joke
Okay
Joy Reynolds to so the guy with the eyes voted twice Alice ran tall to Alex Vena one Jerry wishner one Craig Worthing one
Chris Baker and Jerry Williams have the big oh they have none by the way Jerry Williams is still
strips of the fishes
John
Taxi
Several
You look at me so quissitory
Telltale he was in the dark
So I acted out my boxer read and with my arms the trees I made no bug speaks English and a model
I went down to my yeah, I met reach where the weather business and she made
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy that talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of Belgium Beem is just knowing the end of what doesn't mean
The butter's to English
That the corner deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan
You can go back to your ass
I
Came here many years ago
Learn my abysses. I don't say much as gross years
So get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making mistakes
You know
1033 2074 11 and brow it in Palm Beach counties. We are not the recognizing they know more we're just I've had it
I'm just a terrible for almost 30 years now 29 long years nearly
Almost 30 been fighting a good fight and it's just that there's no point all I crap about the assimilation process and people are gonna
Get with it what a bunch of phony hypocrites man
So he had to be sitting down there playing dominoes in dominoe park or be going to the illegal cock fights in highly and sweet
Water that's okay, but the fact that we might actually derive some revenue and some
Something good in the South Florida. Oh, we don't want that because boot said it's bad. It's bad
I have your mom be said it's bad. Well, he wouldn't like oh no not governor
But not our fat ass governor with his coax-norton daughter and his smuggling wife and his psychotic sons
56705 65 like I said there's no sense of getting you said it's never got a change
It's the same thing I mean once once upon a time
It was like a little glimmer like just maybe we're starting to make a little bit of progress
But we have no impact no cloud in Dave County might as well forget about it
It's a damn good thing. We're that close to the county line and like Hank says he's in adventura
He's like a stone's throw from the county line
So if you're not gonna like move all the way to Browell at least get close
So that when it comes time for the exit is the mass exit is you'll be close enough to make it before they shut the gates
What took over the line? One took over lines a good idea. How many QIM hello
Yeah, good
Good one. Nobody QA him. Hello
On colonial. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
Cuban Julio that voted in favor of a prostitution yesterday
Well, you know, I wasn't surprised. It's like you said we can cry in bitch
But those old Cubans go out and vote a lot of us down our ass and we're gonna do it and we still stand our ass
That is right
Both my kids go to public schools
So I figured look any chance of getting any money for the schools or the shop because that's correct
terrible
The way the look at it is what's not to like you know
Yeah, even a shot, but you know and let me tell you one more thing you mentioned
About six or seven months ago. I had them on and you know, yeah, I'm sure and you know
He's become like rush junior
He's a total
Yeah, he was talking about the middle east and you know
Ripping into them and some guy causing you can tell you know, he's like somewhere from the middle east and he's so still
You know fill your generalizing your grouping of thoughts terrorists. That's the right
It's the fellow the guy will sort of what you from originally. He was watching for my ran or you know
But you know I went to school here. I'm an American citizen and I love America. It goes well
Then I care about you at that and the government is I mean it says this on the air. You'll sir
I don't care if we kill every single Iraq
Real I'm not that I heard I heard him say it no one told me about it
I'm like how can you say that even if you're thinking it on the air. I would just blow away. Okay
Unbelievable. Amen. Having closing the ocean
567
While somebody's got to say it because I know that mode doesn't stand
I heard Moa at the beginning of a show yesterday going into this ranting and raving about well
You know the gorilla that proceeds is we don't know every day
We're gonna start out talking about anything except sports. That's a good idea because sports talk quite frankly is boring
So let's one thing you're right about most sports talk is terminal
Which is why you know when you got Hank and Mad Dog you have to be named personalities and little dog over there in the other place
Who's got certain sponsors up his ass by the way?
I think Joe's gonna have to see the partologist pretty soon because between that air conditioning guy and the other one
You know the mortgage guy between those two. We've got them so far up his ass. They're coming out of his earlobes
You know that that's what I was told by our sales department this morning
By the way the air conditioning guy that they were talking about I've used him in my home for 10 years
But never again switching to some new people now, you know, I mean that's the way it goes
You smear my hand and I'll smear you a little bit. Maybe on the neck. Maybe on the earlobe. You're the queer
Yeah, you're the queer. That's what we're playing. You're the queer very good line nine. That's your boyfriend. Q.I.M. Hello
Hey, you know how you feel about okay. What a surprise. I just
Wanted to congratulate you on 29 years of just an awesome job. Yeah, first direction, right? Yeah
Here yeah, I don't want to let you know I'm
Curtain yesterday. I don't know if you guys are aware you had about
29 different pictures on there
29 different pictures of one of naked girls of all the girls that you've had in the past
The back door by accident nice job. Oh, yeah, you can you pay me in the back door. He's soon
Well, yeah, well, we don't want to go into it. We don't want to go into it too deeply. Okay, so we'll talk you right there and have everything right
I don't know where he's going with that, but I think I have a pretty much no idea
Hopefully right back out the back door. Yeah, exactly. Go right out the exit sign
Well, like Berkeley says just cast the F and check
What a simple vintage man. Yeah, she had her finger on it. Yeah, she had her finger on it. All right. That's what Trice
By the way, try to make me to tell us through about him in scurranathy was that the Christmas party? When was that?
Oh one of those parties who one of those Q.A.M. parties when there were stories going on there
All kind of stories on the street, you know, just like I heard that story. Yeah
I'll tell you one thing she ain't no band leader
That's not what I heard
What Todd Coast Niel has worked with other than a Q.A.M. Did you like the best over the years over all these 29 years?
320 votes so far. But who don't have any Chris Baker Chris Baker don't have any. Oh my god. Yeah, exactly
Can I say the better my secret which how could you forget Stan Major? Stan Major
Thank you, Brian
Let's get Stan Major on her right away. Phil Henry 104 suds Coleman 60 Randy wrote 35. How's Randy doing?
Never listen to me before Q.M. 34 almost 11% we have built a magnificent a huge audience on this station
You believe it? Oh, we need her. Uh, none the above 26 micrinary 20 bill called her 12 requiredly 12 everybody else is in a single
digit
Everybody's got to see
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
Stan Major now a news talk radio six 10 W I O D if you've missed the last show
You miss this well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella. What he was doing show. I don't want to be back. I can show you that
But well, then who do you want? I do you want you want Alan for it?
No, I think you want joy Reynolds
Then what the hell do you want in the air silence?
Is that all we have to do? Do you give me a name?
But is that all you want? Is that all we have to kind of content? Do you want during two to six?
Here the next 10 major show this afternoon at two on this top radio six 10
W I O D
Yeah, obviously not you Stan. It's what they want 1043 17 before 11 o'clock
So one good thing about the rain. I'm becoming very a doppler radar intensive right now
Okay, there's a huge blob that's covering almost the entire state. It's more than I lightning man. It is good. Mocha
It is smoking across the state
So if they have to feel covered up there in Jupiter
We might just get that the baseball game in red socks in marlins it to 1250 pregame game time 105
Mad Dog follows the baseball game and we pray see out to the wind that big blob is all over the state
Because the Lord is really pissed off and fired up about the people in deed county and about their stupidity about
You know sticking it to their kids again and taking away money for public education
The Lord is really pissed off and fired up about it, okay?
Because he knows that Jeb Bush and the whole Bush family are a bunch of phony baloney hypocrites who are a bunch of coaxed-norton drunks
But nevertheless, I'm telling you that's why it's going on. Do you believe me? I do
Here's the fact it says I'm a lifetime-date county resident
I've never thought about moving me for but I'm out of this third world country now
I bet if this phone had something to do with their beloved baseball
These Julio bastards would have voted yes
And by the way that whole baseball thing is phony baloney also sure
All that I every time we've had any kind of a sports thing to oval a cubans love their baseball and they don't show up
So I know what the hell they're talking about when if they build that stadium by the orange bull if they snooker
The state into putting that money up and they build a stadium for the marlins by the orange bull
You wait and see who's gonna show up there, huh?
It's an unoriented stereotype
And it says by the way, I'm gonna be 47% of what do you yes? Well the good news is it was 48%
So we're not like painting the day with a broad brush. It's just a toilet. That's all I'm better get out
We're not like condemning everybody in date just the 48% who are unfortunate enough to be stuck there and obviously can't get out
PSI know it's not a building pool, but well, no, we could add a couple names on there
It's not we're not looking for that but the bird certainly qualifies to be on there even though George will be very upset about that
The bird why would you say that? Huh if we could put the bird on there. What about Dave Caprita? Of course wait
Oh, that's right. What? No, nothing. I forgot how far back you were going. That's right good old Dave
Well, what do you mean how far back I was going? It says
Just because I only have a memory of IOD you have to understand
Oh
That how cares about IOD anyway, you know
Oh geez, well, yeah, I'm not gonna read this thing about the skemo case for you
No, a lawyer for a former dentist accused of oh
We're out of here for this new story that is disgusting
Here comes my bacon. Uh-oh
Man, I thought it was something about the royal navy about the semen, but it's not that kind of oh don't send me no more stories
Don't ever give an order like that again
Jesus
Even for this show that's too grotesque. I mean that is just over the top so to speak
Yes, it was yeah over the top of the
bottom teeth
The state department ward US travelers yesterday to be extra watchful for terrorism and anti-American violence abroad
Oh my god watch out for a broad a the department of state is deeply concerned about the continued threat of terrorist attacks against U.S.
citizens and interest abroad as well as the potential for demonstrations and violent actions against U.S.
Citizens and interest overseas the warning said by the way, thank you for those low gas prices Mr
And for the Americans people being loved all over the world
U.S. citizens are reminded that demonstrations and writing can occur at any time and I'm on with notice
That's why I'm very Canadian a the updated warning says future alkyte attacks could involve non-conventional weapons such as chemical or biological
agents as well as explosives
Terrorist acts may include that I'm not limited to assassinations high jacking
Bomings or kidnapping the department said U.S. citizens are encouraged to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to increase their security awareness
Oh my god, not that we want to make anybody panic you're anything like that
The old thing again taking shared taking panic you the short one more
The short warning updates a similar warning issue last fall expires in September in 2000
And
The warning expires into like like a drug like a medication right it expires in September
No source for assertions about alkyte already tell the terrorist capabilities
Oh
It says while Americans are generally not the targets of such incidents U.S. citizens could be caught up in the violence
The war or not is the case may be and this warning expires September 5 mark it down good that is just so juicy and so perfect man
Is that like love day when will all be loved right now? It's gonna be the love parade in Berlin. We're all going to Berlin for some of them
Browse by the way, whatever happened with that Browse guy
What now which is that which is that sales guy that you would give me a son and then not that I carry you understand because I've given up carrying
Billy. What was his name Billy no not Billy it was like or marker
You got across to some milk. Oh, I see so Billy was the one with the Browse guy correct and what happened with that where did Billy
This maybe Billy's not there anymore. So he's around let's see him around
He's round on top five six seven oh five fifty. Let's rehash yesterday's you know
We got the good news in Browse. Let's hear it
Nice going even though it was pretty weak, you know
Should have been much more overwhelming than that
But that's still pretty heavy duty 57 to 43% that's that's a landslide by any measure of anybody's
Evaguation right right and so Gulf Stream and Pompidopark and Hollywood Greyhound Trank and who might leave it out
Who's the fourth one and Danny Highlight?
Mm-hmm. They will benefit greatly and as a result date County will have to wait a couple of years to put it on there again
And they're just sucking wind as usual. They're just a day late in the many-dollar short
Because date County continues suck it up to the wrong people always corrupt
Julio politicians and the Bush family anybody who's a good crook man. They love it in date County whether it's Joe Carrillo or
a Raul what's his name
In higher lea martina's Raul Martinez any any crook they love him in date County
And that's what it's all about of course they love all the courts in Cuba too. So actually it'll be a different on
On the mainland
Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Hell no. Yes, sir. How are you today good? All right congratulations on another great year radio
And what was the result of the
The vote
I've been on the rock today what vote I just tuned in
They'd Broward County past it 57 to 43 overwhelming and date County v to 52 to 40 lost in date by
6500 votes because everybody stayed home
All right, I'm gonna be all the old. What?
Sounds great. Sounds great. Yeah, why is that?
Well, I mean I kind of opposed it, but and why is that? Well, you know, I kind of bought into the fear tactics
They said what well, you know, the whole fear of what? Fear of a good time. Fear of jobs. Fear of money coming in. Fear of what?
Just a crime. I don't know
Crime where crime what crime? What are we talking about? What kind of crime takes place at the racetrack?
Well, I should. So what crime are we talking about? I don't know. It's just a fear fact that you know about
Well, are you are you making an announcement to the public that you're an idiot and you're you're just
susceptible to any time somebody starts screaming at panic you get all panicky? Well, I'm known for it sometimes. Oh, okay
Well, thanks for your honesty anyway
That was great
Oh, it's the panic man. That was beautiful. At least he's honest.
All that crime. Oh my god, when you go to go strip the only crime is all those old people
It's to open up the racing form
A leaning over like 10 seconds of post-time and putting the last couple of horses in the gate and they're leaning over
They're like two people behind them praying you're gonna get your bed in and they're like handicaping at the window
You know, just launched over to bring well, let's see. I'll have they one over to four five eight
No, I don't think that you know and then the bell rings and they're off in a horse
You won six to one shot wins by five and you get no bet down. That's a crime. Oh
I mean so many stupid people in so little time, you know, he bought into the fear of yeah, yeah
Because he's stupid and he admits it though. Give him give him some points for that
Here's the facts from Jean Rogers one of our very chronic
faxers
Try calling several times this morning. Guess us folks from Broward can't call Miami number anymore
Whatever I don't know what does that mean these aren't Miami numbers first happy anniversary second
The reason the old Cubans didn't vote for the slots because it would take away from their cock fighting business
I think I mentioned that third
I'm surprised the government doesn't make the gas pump slot machines the way the prices are going
They need more money for Iraqi Iraq last toward those naked old folks in your website
Those are the supreme court justice is a little bit doctored off. Please okay get with it a little bit
He's a little bit in the behind the time. How's that radar coming? I'm like every break
I'm gonna check that because we are praying for baseball. We love the marlins in the daytime right? That's right
I'll have a sign on the door for the maid, you know come back after one. It's usually after two
That's right. We have plans. Yeah, I have times like going to lunch early and getting the hell out of here
Maybe you can go over to woodbind and see if I can get robbed and raped and murdered
Although one on a good day you can get all three. I mean seriously
What crime is this man talking about?
Are you still is it possible to be so stupid? Yeah, do it. Brian could be so stupid. Yeah, crime
That's crime. You know, yeah, not at least the center crime
Right, the criminal is crime mafia crime
Oh
It is so it's so pathetic that it just makes me hurt. It makes me ache all over my body. It makes me weak limp
Dominic you a and crime central. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
You know the amazing thing about date counties and all those little bars and little Havana all those places have illegal gaming machines and already
Oh my god
And then someone else the I this guy regarding crime people I talked to yesterday in date County
They were actually saying the same thing. It's really like this last Mosul. Yeah
It's really it's really un-frick and believable. They want crime there's more crime on the cruise ships
So there is on the street. Yeah, I don't read about anybody getting raped at the track
But on a cruise ship so we'd about guys girlfriends and wives and both getting raped all the time right to give us another reason to get out of date County
Amen good right
Yeah, we love brown and Palm Beach gravy and date County all I can say is we sympathize with you half
You know because it's obviously not our crowd don't play must we had 90% of our people under poig yesterday
Out of a thousand well out of whatever. I mean the ones who actually voted yesterday know we had over a thousand and over 900
And said they voted yes and only a hundred and so on no so the old time our crowd our crowd speak at English
How do you like that all you toothless old
Coots
Geeks man is if they could get whipped up in for something positive the community as much as they do negative like all that
Alien crap alien alien
I don't believe well whipped up into a hysterical frenzy forming at the mouth burning tires in the streets
You know having demonstrations blocking off the McCarthy crossway doing all kind of destructive crap making it the laughing stock of the world again
Over a damn child custody case because every time the Spanish language media starts
Fan in the flames again all you got to do is like whisper in your ear
But I mean put a boop put a bump in right away. They just the less like the flamingos and highly
I just blow the whistle and they start marching and do stepping
So you know the idea that all this assimilation bull crap date County is never gonna change
It is never ever gonna change. I don't care if it's 50 years from now
If we went into a coma if they froze us like 10 William's head and 300 years from now
We came back. There would still be the same bull crap in date County
And they still be screaming about who's gonna speak any in ways here and a same old tired crap and how's alien doing and is how's this happy
Mule is that been grown anymore?
Jesus KF and Christ
For all of those okay and air I threw a few extra ones there. Yeah, no, they were all pretty. Oh, I like
I like these smart ass answers because yes, they were only the last ones worth reading. Yeah, no, they're cute
Teacher smart ass answer of the year a college teacher reminds her class of tomorrow's final exam now class
I won't tolerate any excuses for you not being here tomorrow
I might consider a nuclear attacker a serious personal injury or illness or a deaf and your immediate family
But that said no other excuses whatsoever a smart ass guy in the back of the room raised his hand and asks
What would you say if tomorrow I said I was suffering from completing outer sexual exhaustion the entire class does
It's best to staff all their laughter and snickering when silences restore the teacher smiles knowingly if the student shakes your head and sweetly says
Well, I guess you'd have to write the exam with your other hand
Yeah, I kind of like that kind of cute not fall down on the floor laughing peeing your pants cute, but but cutesy, you know
Yeah, cutesy like what's your name opera Levine?
Okay, you can see fighter what Josh Kord is saying man. It doesn't vote on election day man
What a piece of turret didn't vote yesterday's election as a five-oat-people like him
That's right ask me if I voted did you vote? No, but they didn't need my vote because I live in Broward in the same year
I just got your sand that if you just calm down. I just got your off-road time say
Broward passed easy man
26,000 plus votes plenty of the spare two bastards and date cutty that sit on your ass and bitch in moan about the killbins in the
This one and the parties and the Jews and then everybody else and meantime you sit in there like a like a bump on the log
Like a dead man or woman in a suit in a burlap sack, which is where a lot of you belong
You'd be doing a much better public service just ended all man. Just go to the nearest overpass or the underpass and take a yump
That's it. We'll see you 1057 at 560 WQA and
This is the new Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Right now what's the meaning of this?
Pants you see I'm not busy. It's both of he said a word and I don't know what to do
I just don't know
What word he said he said
Toddger
Toddger what does that mean?
Right
I called Joyce and get to the bottom of all of it. A way does yes, but you have a quarter for why it's a pay cell phone sure here
Hello, Joyce and I look at we have a word that Boka said we don't know what it means
It's Toddger
Okay, what did she say? Well, she doesn't know either, but we'll stall payment on Boka's invoice in other two months just for good measure
That's a relief now get up on my desk and pretend you're a chicken again
Ah
Love it. Oh three QAM so I looked at the array darn it and look to promising. I'll take it that some big slimy green one
They've been the right toward the coast some big slimy greenies man come right to the florist coast
So I'm just trying to hear man. It's brilliant looking outside beautiful. Oh quick. Let's move the game
Yeah, let's play it up here at the sky dome at least they can get inside where they'll be warm and safe without all that crime
And it's minus nine that's also is what's not to like about that right all the way up to minus six to seven
I think that sounds like a good day for wood buying for like losing your ass five six seven oh five safety
Come on. Let's hear from some of your old Cubans out there. Come on. Let's go now that guy to cub before he didn't vote
But he was gonna vote against it right the one that just crawled off from out of the rock
Right one probably might not send to a rock that sounds like a winner to me. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 all you people are you literally around by Jeb Bush man
You ought to be ashamed to yourself by that fat ass phony when that smuggling wife and his psychotic kids and his
Cokes sort of daughter just to kind of upstanding family. I'm sure everybody would love to have
W.A.M. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Yes. Am I on the air? Yes, ma'am. It sounds just like you. Okay. Uh, is this Neil? Yes, it sounds just like me
Let me tell you. I am
I'm sorry every time I get in the car with my husband and he makes me listen to you
I found the way you talk about the Cubans the Cubans made Miami
Miami was a crazy town when I came here 45 years ago and Miami has was made by the Cubans who made a name for themselves
Yeah, in their first generation. I don't know what's the matter with you
But let me tell you I'm really really honest to have to listen to you
Maybe your husband maybe your husband hates you like poison
My husband what hates you like poison if he's punished. Oh my husband doesn't hate me my husband
The why is he listening to why is he got to camp up in the radio right now he must be doing it to punish you because he knows that you
He has terrible taste that's a problem here. He has been as far as far as women. I would agree with that
Terrible taste is what he had. Did you did you vote yesterday?
Not click there she goes. Yeah, that's the question. She's one of those exilios that voted me. I know and her husband knows that she's a nasty bitch
She just just the hell she didn't are you kidding me? She probably voted about five times
bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapa just reach over and turn the radio okay. Speaking English. Yeah
Well, she probably don't want to let it out
She's very upset and she's being forced at gunpoint to listen to show. I understand lady I understand you hate to show
It's just that you're being forced. Of course
W.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil and by the way we'll pack you an extra medium. Oh, yeah on your way back
yes, I can I talk that I want to buy jet bush a couple of costs because he closed the deal on day county
That's right only closures get the coffees
The only closures get coffee right and now I feel safe in day county because all the rate boost and all the crime
Is gonna move to brown and we're gonna be crime free here. They know correct you've been all right
No, they can't that'll solve that stat we had to do the day about Miami being number three in our country
It's our country third worst but it'll be like a crime scene. I'm telling you there was a crime in day that yesterday
It was that election that was a crime that was criminal and that bitch that just called us a couple of calls back
No wonder your husband hates you like poison and probably has her tied up, but you know
He probably got a hold of phone to the side of her head. He's probably got her tied up and bound
Yeah, nice go on tally. Don't let her out. Nobody Q. A.m. Hello
Great. It's it's pulling down here at home set. Oh God number one number two
See if you can trace that call get that lady and give her a present give her some kind of price never have I heard more true or worth
The cousins made Miami what it is today. That's right exactly
And they made the name from the cells, but we can't say it over the air
Oh no, I think it began with an amon and it's a a mother the woman who accused Bill Cosby of sex like molester
Is filed a civil lawsuit against the entertainer the woman and via constant filed the lawsuit with the West district court
And it felt that off a year today the lawsuit includes five counts of alleged alleging battery assault and clicks to the
Marshall distress defamation and invasion of privacy last month prosecutors in Montgomery County declined to bring criminal charges against the
60 70-year-old entertainer, so they found insufficient evidence to support the woman's claims the civil complaint
The ledges that cost the game constant three blue pills when she told them she was stressed out saying they were an herbal remedy
Laura's for the woman of former Temple University employee now lives in her native Canada right down the road
They say they now believe the pills were some form of narcotic. She lives like in where was it not ashua?
Like Pesumbo is some suburb of Toronto the complaint ledges that Cosby rev the winds breast and general areas and digitally penetrated her
Meaning this is from the ABC this is unbelievable. Wow. This is from the ABC website. Okay?
ABC news analogous worse than and digitally penetrator meaning with his finger
I thought it meant with his digit which the lawsuit also alleges that Cosby called the woman in her mother released four times after the
Legends and apologized after the woman money. I wonder if he offered in Canadian or US currency
Meaning it actually says there right on that page me
Nobody Q a M hello
My dear friends coming down to Miami. I was criminal to letting go scream Corleco
So I'm more company think man what it is
Wtf. You I am hello. Hey, yeah, sir. Hey, how are you? Hey, listen?
You know I heard jab on the phone the other day with I think it was buddy and he was talking about the moral issue of
Wait a minute. What do you put him on the air? Yeah, he was on the end and not only that he's calling him
Yeah, yes
Not like he knows oh my
Anyway, what a jackass that 40 years man. Yes, yes, and and the fact is that he's even better than him down
He's talking about how the family is going to suffer because the guys are out there addictive the gambling and stuff
And he's gonna all they're gonna want to spend all their money at the gambling and they're not gonna have
Responsibility for their families and this kind of crap. I just can't believe it
Well, let's just where we are here. I guess I don't have a lot of him
And thank God that people aren't spending their lunch. No, I'm a bogus lot. Oh, it's a dumbest bet in history mankind
Not that I don't love you, but you can't in there. Okay. I will
I see I will I come back here
We know and then I touched my foot down on soil just to keep it legal
You know for a few days here and there you know you can stay here 180 consecutive days without coming back without leaving
I'm right now that time right. Yeah, it's true. I come home more often than that but briefly
But that's all you have to do I and just oh, it's just such a pleasure to be away from that
Whole festering thing and I hate did you hear they hate and that with that bitch's voice
I'm not talking about all the Cuban people on it just you're kind
That's what I'm talking about and I point out that 48% of the county voted yes in addition to which as far as his
Spanish was the number 100 spanics and was 56 to 42 so 42% of his panics which includes more than just Cubans
But nevertheless they voted yes, you see how you generalize. Yeah, yeah
Just you are kind honey just miserable hateful
Sours like you that are always giving us this song to oh, we made it what it is today
Yeah, and you know something I wouldn't brag about that. Yeah, stop helping us lady
I wouldn't be running around telling people like that talk about creating an ugly stereotype
I believe the blifelike they do it. I think it's hysterical at husbands under what a nasty hateful bitch
He's just a punishment. He's probably got her hands tied behind her back and a radio cranked up nice and loud nice
Lawn Pally I still came to all he does
Somebody Q a.m. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I hate to change the subject
But you're just all here with all these folks from I was more of mine unfortunately, but I'm trying to get out
You know, can you tell us please a few years ago? You haven't done a few years about your first date of Michigan State
No, yeah, yeah, I hear what I can get lost
This guy laughing in the background really
Yeah, my first day at Michigan State about the grasser and getting dry boring. Okay, it's all stuff
It's 29 years later. Okay, baby. We're moving forward not backward put it in the book
We don't have people calling into program the show to tell me what I'd be talking about plus
And by the way, she was a lot prettier than you are Arlene WQ a.m. Hello
Girl
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes
What can I do for you sir? I saw that was it. That was the material. Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Good morning, Neil. I
Was
Somebody Q a.m. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How big is the truck full of money that James Billy back enough to
Jeb Bush's house right now. Yeah, I wonder who got smeared on this deal man
Because Jeb Bush he doesn't believe anything that he's not paid well for and I wonder you know
I saw was 5,000 votes ahead there with half the precincts counting all of a sudden when I really started you know getting nippin
Tuck all of a sudden it turned to south there in the last couple hours just like the metro rail vote like every other vote in
Dave County I thought I'm suggesting anything you understand but well just another good reason never to go to Dave County
Amen later. See you don't forget Dave County is spelled with four letters D.E.A.D
Has been for a long time they're an adornio and now that that whole fully south beach thing which was you know
Just a plastic a temporary band-aid now that that thing is gone south big time if they call it south beach for more reasons than one now
If you catch my drift are you drifting? So what do you know?
What's the story now in Dave County? What's the call? That's right? I forgot it's that stadium that nobody wants to spend any
Tax money on right down there by the orangeville which nobody wants to go there right?
Mm-hmm. Oh, they'll all just start going to the games though once it's built. Oh, I know question about that
You build that they will come now and I did you just a pop up a peep up there pop up and peep up
He typed right up. Oh, you better watch it now. That's your bread and butter mister. Oh, hey, I love it
You know don't get me wrong. He'll drive over
I got a limo take you down there for all the games because we want you to be safe
Well, have you taken an limo? I have my friend Kim Halper and take you down patient limo of course
Get away and feel the release
smell the fresh sea
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban rafting on big gladdigit
It's like a vacation
Away from your troubles
You've life back home
You're the skipper on a journey to a better place
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day
unpredictable
Proud taking
life threatening
Cuban rafting on big gladdigit
Will you away to something better?
real faster
No faster. Here come the sharks get a room much faster command
Road damage
Pain for brother you were sleeping
Let's get that on a channel seven news at noon
1119 at 560 WDQ and I love to see that I might even come down for a moment or two or maybe just to get a satellite dish
Okay, okay here's the on our pool which I guess it's pretty obvious who the winner's gonna be in spite of his right wing leanings now
What tall coast neither's worked with other than QAM did you like the best did it is in past tense?
Phil Henry 153 are you sure that's past tense Phil?
Sense Coleman 77 never listen to me over for QM 56 11 and a half percent man
We have in seven years built can you keep his smell of?
Right you know it's 53 none of the above 34 micronary 33 Rick Riley 19 Bill called her 17 the burn is up to seven
Stant majors got six. How do you like that? Oh my god exactly?
Doug Thompson writes and I see him even there's a lot of rain on that radar. I keep checking it every of break because I want out of here at 1250
There's nothing worse than them giving you the false sense of honey
You've got a short show to run that old again. It's been rained out your on till two. Well screw that you know your mama Cita
Now how will that right right?
Doug Thompson writes at the rant from Capitol Hill blue. That's two days in a room reading his piece a rather shorted tail
Because then rather's last newscast on CBS tonight 630 all you old exilios man can mature in come on
He's not coming in sure like old rotten
Gwakamoli at the screen. It looked like Linda Blair's been in the house
Dan rather brings his body career as a CBS news anchor man to a close tonight and rabbit right wing blowards
Our dancing on his grade before it's even Doug
conservative bloggers and bulletin boards were keyboard towers hide behind phony names like an American patriot or a real American
Planned credit for bringing rather down and forcing his retirement is anchorey year early
These wing nuts didn't end rather's career as a newsreader
Dan rather brought himself down by rushing a story to air without checking it out his zeal and these stupidity of those who work for him gave
CBS a black eye that will remain long after we disappear from the evening news
Ironically the facts of the story that blew up in rather's face have never been disproved strong evidence still suggest a young George W
Boge got preferential treatment again in the Texas Air National Guard and avoid combat service in Vietnam
But a specific set of documents used to support the story turned out to be forgeries other documents may have existed
And others in the Texas guards say some of Bush's records were destroyed or altered all this brings unbounded joy to the right wing
That is long-term rather CBS and most other mainstream media are just shows for the loony left
I don't know what rather's political leanings are nor do I care it was his style of reading the news that sour vianniz abilities
Is an anchor man many years ago and I stopped watching his newscast
But I have to laugh whenever these conservative crybaby started whining about the bias of the media
Most of these clowns wouldn't know good journalism ever walked up and bit them in the balls
Assuming you could find their balls because conservatives are too often cowards and probably don't have any
Testicular protrusions to chop down upon ask the right wing nut where they get their news
They point first to Fox News channel a pseudo journalism operation run by former Richard Nixon propaganda flag Roger Ails and
tabloid sleaze king Rupert Murdock
Fox's star if anyone married in their muck and be called a star is Bill O'Reilly a
Phone sex freak who had a settle out accord a sexual harassment charge brought by a co-worker rather gets burned by a source and loses his job
O'Reilly calls up co-workers talks dirty to them pays hush money and stays on the air interesting double standard of justice
Another source of information for conservative hypocrites is rush Limbaugh the pill popping prepare of right wing hysteria
Limbaugh long freaks that anyone who legally abusing abuses drugs should face punishment to the fullest end of the law
But conventionally exempted himself from such treatment. We got caught loading up on black market pain pills
The list of favored right wing journalists goes on and on from Mike Savage a hate spotting homophobe to Robert Novak the White House
Shill who outed a covert CIA operator because her ambassador husband is publicly criticized George W. Bush
These and others like them bring disgrace to the journalism profession because they've painted the right wing rather than seek the truth
Their success comes from knowing the right wing audience that is that follows them as vial art composed uneducated ignorant
gullible louts who would rather hate to understand the world around them fast news brags about its high ratings and huge audience numbers proof
They say of their quality. They've got high ratings all right among cable TV networks a small segmented part of the overall TV viewing audience
In the real world of TV ratings those numbers fall far behind other quality programming like survivor the apprentice to Simpsons
Yes, even the CBS TV news yeah, the numbers tell the story and it's a far different one when told without the tin your right wing
propaganda is pretty good old dog Thompson
You go, yeah, you go boy
Do we get any update on the ball game? I mean I hit that stupid questions, you know, but
They're in Jupiter. Why would have said anything to us?
Well, why not because we're on the air and it affects us. Oh, I see well
That makes a lot of sense to me. Let's get another couple hundred calls before 1250 in that pregame show for the Marling game
Which may or may not get played today and we're everybody and everybody in town is hanging on the edge of the receipt
Because we love the Marlins we want that city and my body or where nobody wants to go
560 560 560 and the Verizon Singular Riders line W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Yes, yes, sir. How are you guys doing? We're doing good today's the greatest day
I have no longer I don't have to drive any longer down to Miami every single word day
I moved to Florida. I got a nice little cushy job
Right and all I have to do right now is just
Relax and enjoy it and laugh at all the stupid kids say goodbye to Dave baby. That's a slogan just say bye-bye to Dave
560 560
560 on a Verizon and Singular wireless line who would have thought that everything was looking so rosy and
Who would have thought it who would have thought you did brawai? It's been a wait for a long time
I mean always there's problems. They didn't know perfect
But but we're starting to fight out but now we can have all this crime say oh that's right
I forgot about that all this violent crime and people are gonna be raped on the sidewalks in shot in your
Bed's and all these horrible things because there's those evil one-armed bandits now
Of course the fact that we got slot machines over there to Seminole's at the Hard Rock Cafe
And there's no crime that we're hearing about associated with that that must just be an aberration
Because you know then engines they got those boson arrows. They don't put up with any a violent crime
Yeah, W.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir, I'm the Flamers I called yesterday that said me and my boyfriend were gonna vote out. Yeah, I'm good go. I go
Check out his victim W.A.M. Hello
Yes, I would like that some sloths in Miami-Dade preferable with a you in the middle. Yeah, I bet WQ.A.M. Hello
WQ. I am hello, hey Neil
If the Broward voters are the only ones that want to approve this
The slot machine why the hell we share the money with the rest of the state because
It's like a hold-up man is it's like blackmail. That's the only way you get anything done in Florida. I always have to share the goods
All right, well happy anniversary and keep up with the work. Thank you, pal
Yeah, do you think there was any chance in November that something would have passed at all stay wide any chance at all if the
If the benefits weren't gonna be spread around all 67 counties and even then the rest of the state vote against a pretty heavy
Right and only because they'd been brought voted for it overwhelmingly that they get passed and of course when they'd been brought to get to vote individually yesterday
Everybody in Dave County sits home on her ass. That is just
Yeah, I mean not that affects my life even when I'm there am I gonna go like
To prepare mutual in Dave County go to a stock course not but it's just so depressing and so deflating
It's in finally after all these years like I said yesterday
Have a chance to control your own destiny and not be held up by all these mugwomps all these redness outstate
And what do you get you get the redness in state in Dave County?
You get the bush liquors
27 past 11 in the banana republic
Neal Rogers
Only in Miami
One McGilgen zone
Father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba
Well, Mr. Gonzalez. How was your trip?
Any good guys?
I don't have any questions before we go any further
CCC these box with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh, that's a television
Mr. Lloyd what does
Pardon me
Well, it means what's up like what's going on?
Right, it's a greeting
Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you
What is it? Oh this pizza stop cost pizza is incredible
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
Not sure so as I was saying
Yeah, as I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible
My my my are you going somewhere? No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band in sync with my new sonny
Discman he's incredible
Yes, Mr. Gonzalez. They are quite incredible
We'll be meeting with the just another play any day for two you must take me
But
Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? Why do you look all I love it here?
There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the yam see games, but
Mr. Million, but is it Mr. Gonzalez?
It's a lot of 32 QAM. I'm taking a look at the radar again. Let's take a look real close in person. Okay. Let's take a puke at it
And oh man, we're gonna a big green thing man
It looks like rain, but it's not
Yeah, no, it is big blob. Here's a big green blob in a small and behind it and they're moving like to the northeast
They're like moving over toward the Okachobi
Now, let's see on a strana on a plane
Now why Jupiter because I've been in Jupiter. It's not that far north of West Palm, right? Correct
I think it'll be okay. I think they might you know, okay, huh? Yeah, let's play some ball
What do you say? Let's play some baseball. Let's play two today starting at 1145. Sounds good to me
5670560
Palm 560, you know, it's really amazing like I said a few weeks ago how come
Bush hasn't invaded the Cuban government of Castor already
Then we could see these old exilios if they're really gonna put their money where their aguaia bearers are and go back when
Hella came from and take over the homeland again good. We'll pack this alami sandwich, okay?
With Swiss cheese. It's trath. Let's start a rumor. They discovered oil there
Yeah, they discovered oil and Cuban and Bush is going in this weekend
Eureka and everybody go back and then you know the first thing that we'd want to do is rebuild those great casinos from back in the 50s
Sam straight right
The hotel they are the best
I mean if we didn't have the hard rock you see all these other hysterical arguments
I could I could maybe even understand it some people would say oh wow, you know
This is something new and we don't know what's gonna happen
You know, even though it's only up to per mutuals
Uh, orch or some of the safest places you could ever go but uh
But you've already got that thing sitting there. It's packed. It's it's jam packed morning noon and nights 24 7 28 6
What that was at?
What was that sounded like a corona?
Where did that come from not these studios
Yeah, so some jackass is in the control room in there again
Do it yeah like that in the middle of my show. I bet you it's the rock solid the big yeah
And by the way, where did he come down on this
Where did the rest of the people on this station beside you were truly in a Humper come down on this
Were they out there pumping for people to get out? I don't know because I don't know
Huh
That's a good question. How come they weren't running around there with sandwich boards up and down everywhere in Dave County getting people to go out and vote
They're having their they're having a little meeting in the uh in the on air studio and I guess it leaped out
It leaped out oh it leaped go turn it back on man. Let's let's hear what they're talking about
I'd love to hear this now. Who's the day
I mean you got Duff Ray Perry I mean it's a whole room of people. It's it's like there's about 10 deep yeah
We'll give us some other names the audience is just it's in the middle of the camera installed yet
Well you you saw in there duck Ray Perry no
You know the layout he has to go into the other room there and see who it is. I understand layout
He can go in there and look and say oh Jay
Why don't he's turning on the mic possible and here and put it on there and coming information yeah
Talk talk. I'm listening. It's Josh Ray Perry Duff Miguel
Kathleen who the hell's Kathleen. Yeah, who's that um?
Oh, that's a new that's a new promotion splunky. That's a new brother Miguel's chasing around. Yes
Yeah, Susie short skirts. Yeah, right. Mm-hmm. I know Gary Sarner. Oh, I'm Gary Sarner. I thought I smelled something
Wow
He must have got real nervous as soon as I said Treyf remember about the islami in this list and I said Treyf
Like that
Yeah, that was him. That was Gary Sarner
He was groaning he thought I was gonna like uncoach your his house or something. Yeah, that's what that's what it was
Wow
Villain Hollywood says oh no I already saw this I know I just want to keep asking me this for free thing stuff
What do you stop I didn't send the article just the guys comments. I don't want his comment. Dominic you. I am hello
Tony oh, yes
Me oh
I left 10 minutes from the stadium in Jupiter. It's been raining since 6.30 this morning. So enjoy your early lunch
What is everything is it running hard is it is it raining hard?
It's been raining since 6.30 this morning steady. It's not gonna play ball. Maybe water polo
Get out of here. Are you fine? I'm serious for the freaking hot attack. Oh
Enjoy your early. I really loved it 205
Got 105
Every time
Yeah, yeah, get out of here now. What else are you talking about?
It's been raining and they're not gonna play them. What is he talking about my room?
I don't see any idea
How is it possible so many estupidoes man?
Grab I think you own apology to those old exilios the ones with a green teeth and the aglabarus and it was
All the stains under fingers from those big nasty cigars
By the way, if it ugly I've spoken cigars a long time ago. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. They're probably lived to 100
WQ a.m. Hello
Good morning. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm a cubit American. I came
1961 that was a long time ago
Age of five
Really make me cringe when I hear some of
folks that come up and say that we made this town
Yeah, we've heard that a million times. I don't have any we made it what it is today every every time
Some of the just a segment of the community is something obnoxious the response the angry response always is
This town was nothing when we came here. We may know what it is today
Absolutely I cringe I cringe I this town
We believe we contributed to
to
Building this town and I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing
But it's like anything else. It's a mixed bag. It is a mixed bag
It is a mixed bag, but I'm really really disappointed not not disappointed but the fact that a lot of our
First-generation cubins are our letter missled the slaughter they follow the
the
Radio waves and whoever is um, I mean especially it's usually the republican
Right wing that that drives them
But I also I've been here long enough to realize that also in the African-American community
The reverend in the pastors also leader miss the the community
Yeah, but they didn't do a very good job this time because in date county 56% in fact they had the highest the plus vote white
People voted 55% yes and black 56% yes and the Hispanic 56% no
So over there may even maybe some of those Bible thumping preachers that you're talking about I know the crowd
You mean yeah, maybe they got a few people to go both but the dark community
And but the bottom line is nobody showed up. That's the worst problem is that no one in any community nobody showed up to vote
That's the biggest problem
Where was Amy Schaefer when we needed her?
So
Have a great day pal
That's before your time Amy Schaefer. I was human speaker really well
She's dead I believe I know Tom Schaefer is probably time every
Oh geez poor Tommy's a good guy just had a little bit of a booze problem, but he's dead we can talk about him now
Can we talk about people after they're dead? Yes, we can sure here's a fact from Keith who says
I'm very disappointed that Dan Radheval and so am I by the way Keith
I wouldn't watch Bob Schaefer if he paid me by the second
That Dan will no longer be anchoring the CBS evening news rather unlike many other news readers actually writes much of the copy
He reads actually attempts to go out and cover stories as the managing editor I like the CBS team reporters
Can't they do better than Bob Schaefer or Katie stinkin?
I'm so sick and tired of the critics who talk about the low rated CBS evening news
These so-called critics don't realize that that good ratings you must have a decent lead in
Having the lowest rated local news cast as lead in zin New York Boston, Miami and LA is the reason for the low ratings
Rather survived because the suits at CBS understood this
CBS is a smaller percentage of its stations carrying the ratings juggernaut Oprah Winfrey which also was her hurt their ratings
Maybe Oprah should be rather's replacement
Oh man, there's another one when I see her on my TV. I get physically ill
Her and her protege Dr. Phil makes me ill. I got to take a pill
By the way speaking of the nightly news it's become now. I don't know about I'm sure it must be the same NBC and ABC
On the CBS even news nine out of every ten spots maybe 99 out of 100 are for prescription drugs
You know, it's oh yeah, then that's all you ever try's anymore. That is prescription drugs
Ask your doctor about
Viox
Ask your doctor if you can die from celibrex after the zochore
Now all of these things and let me just say it again. I'm not like trying to tau Canada because believe me
I'd like you folks all stay where you are. Okay. We got enough Americans here already
But it's illegal to advertise prescription drugs on television or radio here. It's illegal
Yeah, because the profit motive is the idea here of drugs is like to help people get well as opposed to just making money
As opposed to only the profit motive. I don't even understand those words. I know. That's kind of strange
It will obviously like legalizing marijuana and gay marriages and things like that
That's crazy. He can't kill noon at five sixty wqm your subversive station for the new millennium baby
All you old exilios man
I'm gonna tell you there's gonna be a little knock on the door three in the morning
It's gonna be Joe Carrio and he's gonna be a tempest in a teapot
or yeah
Yeah, or maybe it'll be a savory or swarrow is in his bathrobe
Hey, you know even after all this time some people still think it's a little unusual to buy bed over the phone
When you call one 800 mattress the number for dollar mattress
You'll find out that they have the most liberal. Oh, that's a bad word. I'm sorry
The most liberal exchange policy so there's no risk
You see in this case. It's a good word all the way around
Did you know that one 800 mattress has more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry?
So once you try dollar mattress I guarantee you I'll beg Greg's life on it
You'll never go back to a showroom or a department store again to buy a bed
You'll get no nonsense no run arounds no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices on the best brands
You know trust and love when you call one 800 mattress you'll be calling the company right new world
Uno in customer satisfaction
They carry silly sir the Simmons King Curol temperedic and stirons and foster you it now
Dollar mattress offers no payments or interest till 2006
So called dollar mattress today and do your shopping the smart way at one 800 mattress for all the details
Mo George Miguel fat boy yours truly are all satisfied customers and I've been using them for a long time
Call one 800 mattress right now. We're logged under their website mattress.com for the best if you've had in years
I wonder if you're a sarner use them. Oh
Call one 800 MATT RES
I'm not there I can call for my by the way, George. So we're set to the open that thing
From the producers of iron shaft it's iron bus boy
Hashimoto who's been busing tables at Tokyo's Hokkaido restaurant for seven years today
He takes on Joe smooth of the sip and bite diner in Cleveland
Who will be the first to clear a dirty table and claim the title of iron bus boy?
I am ready. I'm not a stop. Yeah, bring it on. Let the battle begin
And Hashimoto takes it early leave as he risks the plates into his bus stop in one fluid motion
Yeah, I'm not gonna let my mother Joe smooth is yet to clear a single plate is the pressure getting to him wait
He's grabbed the tablecloth and yes, it looks like he's going to yank it right off the table dishes and oh
I win
I cannot bear the stain of my bus boy
I must commit ritual suicide with the sturdy
Whoa, I'm not cleaning him up. I'm on break iron bus boy only on the Kung-Food network
13 to 11 at 560 that's a George bit because quite frankly it leaves me a little bit on the limpside
I understand
The Harold article says in the last minute anti-slot campaign led by governor jab bush was cited as the difference in date
Which I was trying to tell a Humper this morning which he was blaming the Harold for it
I mean the hero was most ciferous and foaming at the mouth for 10 consecutive days doing everything in their power
But nevertheless the hero has no cloud man, but let me just say this to you in November during the general the presidential election
Where were the numbers on here? Let me just say it to you if I can find it and if not I won't say it to you
Where is it? It passed overwhelmingly in November well, well, maybe it didn't come out of here
But how do I how can I not be in oh here it is in Broward in November nearly 68% supported in date 57% got those number 68 and 57
In Broward this time 57% supported in date County only 48% so both were down about nine see that
That's it and the reason for it being is that a lot of people said on their ass now
Thankfully in Broward County didn't make them much difference because it one would plan to despair although it's still
57 or 43 should have been more like 77 or 23 in Broward
But in date County 57% back in November and now only 48% losing nine percent
So we consider and blame the toothless old exiliers
Which certainly they they're the ones who went out there clearly and helped bring this thing down
But the fact of the matter is very clearly again the people who are behind the pros slots that are really
P poor we can't say what P stands for a one will be a word a urine for a job there you go of
Getting the people out in Dave County. They're in my trouble. Huh? You're in trouble for what you're in you're in trouble. You're your anus
Just the other probably am in trouble because you always don't like that you're in man
Now what about that dentist in that story ahead before I don't want to get back in with that was
Did you show that to jy? Oh, I was sure what I missed no, don't you know?
You're you're you're you eating today. I'll dig it up. I know yeah eventually
I believe me if you want to go on a diet. No, don't show that story
It's even for his tender eyes. It's grotesque even for a proverb like him. It's just discussing
We can't just bring it up and not let me see it. Yeah, bring it closer. Here you go. Okay. Well give it to him
You take a look at it read read just the first sentence or two of it. Okay, and then see if you think I should have read that one on a year
You got it. He's got it. No, he's taking it back into the prune taking a puke at it
Please don't make it here already terrified of a dentist
Yeah, maybe you'd like to read that one on a year. No, there's more to fear than just the pain. Yeah
Anyway, 68% in November and bar 57 and date so like the people said on their ass they stayed home in the
The people that supposedly were motivating and mobilizing are they did a horrible horrible job
They did a horrendous job of getting the people to Dave County
So it rained and they know that's an excuse if there's a cloud in the skies and excuse by the way is the game on or what?
How the hell do we know? Well break up that stupid ass promotion meeting in their boys over find out
Huh meetings over well, they find then they got no excuse
We got parents running around there and the muffmeister. She's you know
Rub it up against the walls in a hole like a cat and heat come on
Let's find out what the story is here whether we got a game today or not whether it is a chance whether we got a shot
At least at least give us a little bit of hope right right
God here's a fact that says governor jabbed in the people of Dave County a great service
That sucking sound he kept describing is gonna be the money of Dave County residents going to Broward Marco Rubio did his people a great service as well
Flagler dog track, which is in his district would have employed at least 1800 of his residents
I can't believe we elect these jackasses when all they do is gross repeatedly said Jackie from kennel
Well guess what Jackie from kennel because every time it's one of those elections a local election
It's the same group of
Exilios who go out and vote and everybody else does the same thing they did yesterday in Dave County
They sit back and say oh how come we can't get any of our people like to because nobody shows up to vote
And it's not a it's not rocket science the same thing
Now why do you keep sending me the facts from this guy?
Don't read the first paragraph read this cycle the election is not
No sample ballot once again notifying the public of election the only thing I receive from the government
Well in other words like nobody knew there was an election yesterday get out of here
The only thing I receive from government was a paid with taxpayer dollars political propaganda at from the city of Hollywood
That's Meragolante tell me to vote no what country is this it's a banana republic, baby in Hollywood of course
That's an old banana republic if you got an old banana
So the second election in the world that the city of Hollywood's been made your amounts of taxpayer dollars to the same one
But what what's the point of belly aching about that would have passed in Broward?
Right oh, I'm getting a headache from these faxes from this guy stop sending them to me right now or Maddie Bell is gonna be sitting in your life in a half an hour
56705 60 just kind of played that for a moment or two. Were you?
Count five naked naked
Count five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines
WCWAM hello
KWAM yes sir
How about this I mean yesterday and Coral Springs that was the only thing that was on the ballot
I mean I drug my I drug my push out of my feet and I went and voted yes on it. Okay. Well good for you
That was true that was true in date County too. I'm like Broward
They counted to have all these other dog care collections and stuff
Well, here's the beautiful part of it waiting to these people
W the first one to belly aching when the state says guess what guys we have to have a state income pack
Disappoint all the stuff that we got going on the state
They'll be the first ones off their touch and revoting against it
Okay, I guarantee you some of these old toads that voted yesterday both in date and in
They're gonna be some of the first one schlepping to the casinos to play the nickel and quarter slots. I can
Bet you any amount on that and I was out it. I was out at the car
The uh yesterday and that's all there was was blue hairs there. I mean I they're coming from somewhere to play yeah
You know all right. Well got help us all Neil mom. Can you see all the crime out there pal?
You're okay. That's what I don't understand. Where's the crime coming from? We got it already and ain't gonna get worse ever great day
It's gonna be crying the sky's gonna
Oh the world's gonna come to an end. It will be a friendly
Tourist yeah, like we got something for the tourist we got sure it's for the tourists all right like I said yesterday
Was another chance to stick it to Orlando?
A lot of people would like to stick it to Orlando, but we haven't seen him in a long time but nevertheless
But no big county does they don't want that they don't want the jobs no yabs. They don't want the tourism
They don't want the visitors. They don't want the action and you know this crap about people you know there is no question
I will guarantee you right now, but you George and Greg and Maddie Bell's life on a right now that there will be some people who will lose their ass
In the slot in the casinos, but you know something there are people lose their ass at the track
There are people who they're ass and the lottery betting a plunging every week on the boat
There are people there are people who can't control their drinking there people who can't control their gambling and you know what two frickin bad people can't control
They're eating right that is correct that is right in fact some people can't control their eating at the track
While they're gambling and drinking how do you like that? Don't worry about it. I'm sure you're right
So I don't want to hear anybody moaning and grunting
Oh jeez somebody lost their pension. They lost it. Well two freaking bad. Okay, right
I've told you all along being one who goes very often take whatever money you're willing to lose and that's it
And if you lose it, hey, that's it like when you go to Vegas. I hear all these stories from people. Oh, I went to Vegas
There won five thousand. I want to okay great. I'm real happy for you
I've been to Vegas. Oh, I don't know maybe 50 times in my life. Okay. Okay
If I won in Vegas twice
That's a lot. I mean there there you know times I want individual jackpot so over 1200 here 15
But I'm talking about overall, you know at the end of the trip if I won twice out of 50 time
That's a lot. Can it bother me? Oh, did I expect to win? No, I had a great time right
I've been to wood blind probably 50 or 60 times. I would say I want maybe oh 20 times
So you do the math figure out the rest. Okay. Does anybody force me to go there? No. Is it gonna change my life?
No, do I take money there? I can't afford to lose no this is the amount of money. I win there change my life. No
I have a great time. I love it
So I'm just telling you that right up front because I don't want somebody coming back to me later on and give me a song
And like Wayne said and tell me that you know, we wouldn't play in the arena if you build it and whatever you said in that bit
Oh, you told us that nobody was good. No, I didn't play that
But using that as an excuse that's like bringing back Coral vision closing up all the bars because you got a few alcoholers
Who can't control their drink and because they're gonna be a few idiots who can't control their gambling?
Too bad, okay, and part of the money by the way is already gonna be earmarked toward that helping those people with gambling addicts
But I just I just don't sympathize with people with addictive personalities if you got a problem
Get yourself some help. Don't keep showing up all the time and crying on people's shoulders
I told you to one guy that shows up in wood blind just about every day
Mr
I lost my pension. I call him out and know what his name is. That's mr
I lost my pen. Well, you know, he's like you know, he's like Eric huh? He can apply to my question to him
Why are you here? Why are you here? Oh?
You know and for a while or he wasn't playing he just go around giving everybody else a license the vicarious thrill
Yeah, that's right. Just hanging around he likes to like to soak up the atmosphere and going around giving everybody else advice
Here's a guy to lost his ass lost his pension. He's giving other people advice
And then one day about a month ago I go in there and he's playing I said oh, what's going on with you all?
I'm just a back I'm back losing his ass and though I said why are you doing this?
What's gonna be any different for you now than it was before if you're bringing money here?
You can't afford to oh, I just want to get a couple thousand back
Said are you getting it back? No, I'm losing my ass
Do I have sympathy for him? No, in fact, I get sick of my stomach when I see him and there a few others like that well too bad
You go in any bar. You're gonna see a few drugs. You know slavering around so it goes
But for this we have to hold back progress
We have to hold back a place where people go have a great time and race and revenue and have a bunch of jobs because something bad might happen to somebody
Maybe we can have the bad police, you know like
Since we got big brother government now anyone just making sure that you don't do anything that might be bad for you
We're gonna start with you Lardos
1158 at 560 WQAM IRS tax problems in that away from any all the aspects of your life
They take a tool on you financially
Physically and emotionally you can never really forget about those IRS problems they come back every morning when you wake up
CPA Jamie Buckwell in the Buckwell tax firm can help you win your IRS problems forever and give you back
Piece of mind which is why other top CPA and law firms are further clients to the Buckwell tax firm when they have problems with the anxious IRS
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all you unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records now
Suppose you have an IRS lien wage levy or payroll taxes and penalties
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you. Oh need time to pay whatever you're a dilemma baby
The Buckwell tax firm can help you out the offer for your initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief from
I rest your assman if not much sooner and best of all like I always tell you don't have to go to those pin in the sr
S meetings because the Buckwell tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you have to show call them today with the
O 10 grand a million dollars in IRS taxes or any amount in between the buckwell tax firm can get that nasty monkey off your back
Call 954-575-2800 that's 954-575-2800 for your free new obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com
I
Don't see you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
I'm standing on the big oh
That stands for orgasm. Oh, that's just short for Orlando blue. You don't look silly. No
Now he's gonna ripy for four hours. I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence
But in case you wonder why we're here
Joe got suspended
Now maybe we should take this call from our special guest Roberto L'Awango
Hi, you're a boy though. You know that I'm the voices of dancers now
Yes, aren't you that squeaky-boy guy that goes by all the time?
Oh
You got me confused with a character on another show
That's not me. I have children. You know
Goy- With you have a pretty thing
Well, here it is. Here is the epitome of what Q&W is all about on a piece of paper right here.
This is what this radio station is all about. Just on the day when I finally said,
I don't give a crap anymore and I thought I couldn't give a crap less.
This fact from PR Ralph. Now do we have any verification of this?
No. Well, I bet that's what I'm saying. He says, I did you a favor
contact with the stadium in Jupiter and the game is not being played today.
Hate to be the breaker of bad news but still love you PR Ralph.
Now he's a regular factor whom I don't think would make up something like this.
Correct. A friend of the show indeed.
A friend of the family? Yes he is.
So don't you find it just a little bit irritating and irresponsible and
absolutely grotesque and unacceptable? Absolutely unacceptable that your program director,
your operations mangler, your whoever else is hanging around in there.
Those two in particular haven't come in yet and said, oh by the way the game is
rained out and we're going to be on you're going to be on dual two or something like
of that nature. Well my impression hasn't changed
but since the day I walked in here.
I mean you're talking I mean these are people in desperate search of assignments
to try to justify their existence on a planet much less in a building.
And yet something as simple as that or as decent as coming in in the middle of the show and saying,
oh by the way the game is rained out and therefore yoddy whatever and you'll be on
till two and maybe we have to call in the moe.
We're the moe show etc but we got nothing for management only from outside.
I'll tell you one thing if we didn't have the fax machine in a phone we'd we'd totally be
clueless right be like being in a studio no windows.
The only contact we got with the outside world is that TV setup there and the only reason we got
the TV set is because Jeff Cohen brought us the first one and they had to replace it
because they were too embarrassed not to replace it. Oh I got my work.
Have a ride to go and TV right here thank God on MSNBC right I'm off CNN.
I am done somebody's got to watch MSNBC might as well be me.
So we don't know whether we're going to be here to roll 1250 till two till a week from Shavuas
till Gary Sarner troughs up the house we have no idea what's going on.
By the way you got a nice bright smile on your face today Gary.
Come into QAM hello.
Yes Neil.
Yes sir what do you think is the ball game monor off today?
Uh well if the weather is anything up there is it is down here it is in broader county
and you ain't going nowhere.
Damn it.
Sorry.
Yeah need to.
Listen to two points number one I really want to thank you for reading that thing you did yesterday
comparing Bush to Hitler by Senator Burr from Virginia.
Right that was brilliant.
One of the few people that actually has a clue.
That has the balls to send.
You got that right there's to go up against Bush with the Republican control Senate
it does take two big ones.
Yeah and the other thing is I'm a teacher here in rural county I'm on my watch break right now
and the big discussion and the teachers lounge released in the school like that
is how the money that it's going to be generated by the gambling that's supposed to go to the
schools is going to have to be split now among the rest of the state the rest of the state.
So we're going to get less.
As far as teachers salary get going up and everything it's just not going to happen.
It's going to happen is ain't going to happen anything that's going to mean anything.
Right.
So nobody's real thrilled about the fact that we're now supporting the rest of the state
and that's really kind of sucks too.
Well that's the only way you get it done you know that you have to be as blackmail that you have
to pay the rest of the state when you're in a mugwomps state that's what you have to do to get
anything done.
Yeah I've been here since 1969 and I don't understand how those people up in Tallahhasky do business.
And the worst part of it is that you're going to be subsidizing people in Dade County who voted
against this thing that's the most embarrassing part of it.
It is but it's just one more thing about Florida we got to live with.
Hey man well good luck to you pal I'll send you the other telegram.
Yeah have a great one sir.
See you around there thanks.
56070560, proud 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
It's a tropical depression baby.
Now I'm sure that's since my outburst moment ago somebody has opened the door up and said
something.
I have a bulletin.
Yes the game is not called off yet.
Supposedly three down there said the tarps out in the field and it's cloudy so it could happen.
Oh PR Ralph stuck it to us.
Oh see never trusted me can man I'm telling you right now.
I'm not going to tell you that for a long time.
Your friend no it's your friend.
That's your buddy right.
That's your bunk bunk buddy PR Ralph I never met the guy.
He's one of your personal buddies comes to your appearances and gives you like a massage.
Right.
He gives you that feel like the dentist was doing.
That is why too.
Right oh really.
Who PR Ralph's wife or the dentist?
Both.
Now Josh is going to read that story about the dentist on the ear.
I don't think we can.
Oh that's what I'm telling you.
We're going to read it.
Howard David Chateau attempting to say yeah maybe Moe read it will be his non sports
leading for the day.
I'll put it in the air.
How are you David?
It's a show.
You just got through tell me that it's cloudy and I'm going to try to play the game and now
you tell me just going to be Howard David.
David is a show.
We're heading our bets.
Make up your mind.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
You know there's there's you know this thing was dead in the water the minute that you
know governor.
Nice governor.
Thank you.
Started lying on his on all the media campaign that he did against this where he was saying that
you know the money has to go through all the other 65 counties that that do basically isn't
any long that's just that that's what they got to do with it.
Now despite Howard he's going to do that.
That's what they're going to do that's how they're going to pass it.
They're going to screw Howard.
Okay by making by by now passing legislation making that money go to the other 65 counties.
I thought that's the way it was written up in November so that because they haven't even decided
how it should be divvied up yet.
These guys now got to go into session and decide all of this crap but I got to tell you
it's amazing how this guy came out and just killed it in day.
I guess what happened in November and date was just an apparition.
Okay it's amazing how this him and his co-conspirators at the Miami Herald.
Okay because on Sunday Carl Huyison wrote a piece you know totally slamming the whole idea.
Really? Yeah.
Carl Huyison?
Yes sir.
The one guy in the spec not to sell out of the Herald.
And the Herald since this since this made the ballot that Herald has been running peaches
that leave no doubt in your mind that they were against.
I knew the restaurant.
Hey Hank was talking about that.
How the Herald had come out and has just you know started writing articles against the slots.
Okay I mean I went and voted yesterday.
My point placed okay I had to wake up the workers.
Okay basically what I wanted.
There was no buddy there.
Okay I had to hey yo I'm here.
You want to try check me in?
Right.
Right exactly.
So in Miami like I didn't see anybody.
A buddy of mine who's at a different polling place.
So we live in like the same you know general vicinity and candle but he's got a different
polling place than I do.
He went in there to vote for it and he was the only one that was in there also.
It is pathetic okay.
The way he just scared especially the the guanitos.
How they scared the all foggy guanitos and to voting against this.
But like you said nobody else showed up to vote for it.
Nobody else did the problem.
And nobody else showed up to vote for it.
It's amazing.
Same old sad story and Brian did.
All air reelection.
I'm going to have to be driving the tent.
I can now go to the hard rock.
Why do I want to know what am I going to do?
Because I ain't going on I ain't going on those damn Mickey RS and cruises to nowhere.
That's for sure.
Thank God for that.
All right Neil.
Just I love you.
See you.
Slip in the Mickey baby.
We are so sick and tired on an issue of Mickey Erison and his masquerade that goes on.
Makes me want a barf and believe me a lot of people on those cruise ships.
That's why you'll spend half your time doing his barfing from the food that rotted you know
from the visell of that's another that's just the women getting raped but all the people
getting sick to their stomach and getting equal and all these other grotesque things
from the rotten food.
Just a little minor problems.
Carl Heisen writing against I got to see that column.
It too Carl.
That is just the well you know maybe if they had a few
manatees and dolphins and alligators there maybe Carl could have embraced it a little bit better.
They're going to work it out so that we would raise funds for the manatees.
Our old manatee hugging friend Carl Heisen.
Talk about a cellar huh.
I want to make me they put his job on the line.
His ass on the line for that.
What kind of a moron and you know probably these are people that don't go to casinos
that don't gamble.
Why?
All the crap we've heard all of these years about the evils of gambling and how terrible it is in
Vegas and yaddy yaddy yaddy and all the crime and bap bap bap bap bap.
You go to Vegas they treat you like a prince like a king and a queen for crime out loud.
You could eat off the floor.
They've got all those fantastic inexpensive meals and buffets.
The old farts and the condos would just fail from that.
They couldn't believe it.
But no it's all these horrible things are going to happen and the sky is going to fall and everybody's
going to lose their lunch money and they're going to go broke it.
People are going to get raped in the streets and that's at her and so on.
And it's actually going to be crime in Dave County.
I mean what I wanted to joke that crime in Dave County.
Number three in a country out of the top 100.
Number three worst Miami right in the middle of Dave County.
And that's even all these years after Mario 25 years later.
Speaking of guess who made it what it was back then.
That was a pleasant time by the way.
For eighties.
12, 14, at five, 60, 70, come try.
I'm assuming we're still going to the pregame.
Now it's interesting because tree Crawford now did he call you?
No Miguel called him.
Oh Miguel called him.
Yes.
What's our programming maven's doing?
What's Mike the maven doing?
I don't know.
Huh?
That meeting.
No the meeting you said is over with.
Has been.
Yeah, it has been for like a half an hour.
Don't keep me counting.
They're holding their meat again.
Okay.
I don't want to hear about it.
It's almost like that.
Then a story.
Hey, speaking of that.
If you look at the mirror and you wonder where did it go.
Where my my hair we're talking about.
Where did it go?
Although I got I like this nice short.
Almost no hair now.
Wait till you see me man.
You'll say holy crap.
You'll say man.
He looks bizarre.
But anyway, don't I always chuck out the areas.
Been helping the famous in lots of famous.
Look fantastic for over 30 long.
Top 30 man.
Amazing years with this fantastic best in the world.
Newskin like hair system.
It is 100% undetectable.
And the reason I say it's news because every year he refines it
makes it better and better and better.
The hair looks like it's growing right out of your scalp.
As opposed to a mossy look and musk red that fell from the sky.
Like those frogs in Magnolia and died on your head.
Here's the way it works.
You try Charlie's system for 30 days.
Plus 30 man.
And after a month, if you know all of the way it looks and feels
and smells.
If people are grabbing and clawing at your body
and trying to get a sniff,
then make the call and you'll give your full refund.
Call him today and set up an appointment.
He'll drag you ass in there and show you how much better and younger.
He can make you look with this fantastic new skin like hair system.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Like I always tell you, you got nothing loose but that bald spot.
And mentioning you heard about it here on the Miar Roger show,
you get a special Q-Way M-200-Disc on off the regular $800 price
of Charlie's natural hair line system.
1-800-321-2413 around the Wicked Web,
CharlesAufiary.com.
As you are listening to new Rogers,
it's called St. Louis,
and around the Wicked Web,
Q-Way M.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
As though,
get out of Cuba.
Oi!
Did tell you make me sick.
Get out of Cuba quick.
You also got them rich.
You am ego son of a bitch.
Baseball we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
Uh?
More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than,
Get out now and be your nation.
Are you into masturbation?
Feed there will live the embargo.
Cuba will become another key logo.
USA.
USA.
Returning all the raps and modes away.
Okay, at least in the second one.
And I'm sure you got the first one, didn't you?
Pass, though I got it.
Get out of Cuba.
We just can't use your,
you've been around way too long.
Pass, though you ugly bastard.
But too long you last the day of pigs.
So that we're, hey puppy.
You're sick.
Get out of Cuba quick.
You also got, you am ego son of a bitch.
Baseball we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
Here's, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than,
Get out now and be your nation.
Are you into masturbation?
Feed there will live the embargo.
Cuba will be coming up a kilo.
USA.
USA.
Returning all the raps and modes away.
Lucy.
Lucy.
I'm happy.
It's 12.22.
I'm sure glad that Josh was on the ball.
I ain't got the first GD thing.
I would have been.
I was in the other room.
Get on my clothes on.
I was busy.
Because the good news for me is that come
hell or high water at 12.50.
I'm out of here.
All right, that.
Okay.
Are you well?
What do you mean?
Okay, I mean, I'm just.
Well, whatever you're out.
You're out.
Oh, that's what it says here.
And since we're being told that the game is on and it's cloudy,
but it's been raining earlier and it's the tarpers on the field.
And maybe there's a delay or whatever.
But at 12.50, we're out.
Has anybody told you anything to the contrary?
Nope.
So when in doubt, we're getting a hell out.
Got it?
All right.
All right.
Exactly.
Can you say the better myself?
You've turned.
5.670560.
The 5.560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560
30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30
reifilm person
But all they want to do is just be a foreign in our ass. If that guy didn't know that we could say it
That's right. I thought I had right ask
Big fat pimple ass you got it
I beg your prala one is being right in our ass
That's it. Well, I got news for they did more than that yesterday for the three premier schools in Dave County
Right, though. Hell it damn near kill them right. That's right. It was a real shot in a head for the poor folks
And after that nice lady wrote the fantastic letter and had a pay for the ad in a hero to put that in it
Which I read yesterday was it Florence Hector flagger which one was it whatever anyone and
You know and she spelled her right out there very calmly and sensibly and all the positive things and she went through all of it
And then the four people in Miami Highlight were really going to take it in the ear from this and called her
Which just happens that the geogracal in this fortune of being a couple of blocks south of the Dave Rower and County line
I mean you talk about a bad break
Brother, I mean Gulf Stream gets off easy because they're just barely north of the county line and color takes it right in the old
Shoot because they happen to be just a little bit just barely in the day
Just going to show you all you young people out there stay out of date as much as possible, okay?
You want trouble head for Dave you want to walk into you better have your passport and your papers ready when you go to Dave County
I'm struggling with that right now
W2 a.m. Hello
W2 a.m. Hello. Yes
Me how you doing? Okay, I voted for the property and the big argument
I had with the few dogs that I knew that we're gonna vote for or vote against it
But basically all they're worried with a money is gonna go and this and this and that is not gonna go to schools
And all my personal feeling is I could hear weird goes when I go to Vegas
Which is like maybe every two years on a trade show something I gamble I lose I've never won
It's entertainment like going to a restaurant that is absolutely correct and and as long as you say
You don't go you know bet the mortgage money it's built in the party your expenses and at the end of the story if I go to
Move Chris and have a dinner
Okay, well there's a wedding money goes to waitress goes to the restaurant and he throws me I had a nice meal
And I think with gambling and they're worrying about the teachers and it's going to tell a half thing it's going here
It's going there. See every time there's one of these issues
You've got a certain segment of the electrode out there unfortunately far too many and they want to analyze everything and they got
It was amulet I want to know for sure where it's all gonna go and I want to know the percentage
What like you say what the hell difference is to make when it really comes down?
There's no question about the jobs. I mean these places don't run themselves
I see out of woodbina a fantastic number of people working there. It's an industry under what's self?
Absolutely it is
But I'll say one last thing and it's not off that you better hope that they got in touch with Mo
Because you could be on before a clock today. Yes, let's we don't attend the run on long gone
See ya, stay there
I'm on my way to woodbine baby. I got my driver ready to pick me up
Remember how even Michael had a driver in a godfather right?
I'm going to Louise in the Bronx where I'll be safe. Yeah, I think you think five six seven oh five sixty
Count five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line
Well, you know there's no sense of crime over spilled milk
You have your chance in date and most of you said on your ass and we consider in screaming yellows old Cubans man
They're not going away. They're gonna live forever just out of spite and plus whoever else voted against it
Wasn't just them but whoever else to but the fact that a matter is nobody showed up 14% we can get more than that
Just for a cop fight in high alia we get more than
154,000 people a million plus registered voters in Dave County and
154,000 showed up and now it's the ringing of the hands and the gnashing of the teeth and whoa is us and all is understood
And I would go to go back to the day two more years
Things that should be as automatic as getting out of bed in the morning is falling off a log as is
Breathing the fresh air anything any place else easy as pie, but not in South Florida
Everything is muy difficile man. It's very difficult
Just the nature of the beast you know what I mean?
Dominic Q.A. M. Hello. They talk about cats. Dominic Q.A. M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Head in for Brad County of how it would date. Yeah, good move
Just unbelievable four people in my my lie and flag there that's been there for years
Yeah, that's the end of them. They're now we're gonna be able to compete now with with Dania and Hollywood and all that
just over for them
But how about people have called her now you got like Hank said this morning got Gulf Stream up the road
Carter is not gonna be able to goose up those persons like Gulf Stream is and in the summertime racing who knows how long
How do I even be able to hang on to it? Yeah, but they are owned by Churchill down corporation
They got a lot of money. Yeah, that's a true strong act. Yeah, I'd be able to
Know Sonic owns Gulf Stream Churchill down. That's right. Yeah
I wish it would have been the other way around because I would rather seem cold or get it in golfing music a
Strong act to me is a real I don't like going. Yeah, he's like a Bernad he's a jerk, but
Just unbelievable busher lookers and day county once again strike. Yep
Now you know where the flamingos went when they closed down highly you ever see that you number what's highly?
Did you have seen the videos of the event? It was a beautiful thing
They had the inner field there with the tote board and then the the lake you know like a lot of tracks
And and the flamingos all together there were little islands in lake and when it came to be feeding time the
Whatever they would come the ringmaster the ringleader the goofball he come along and blow to whistle
They all like line up and goose step along because they knew they've been trained at when the whistle sounded it was feeding time
It was like the dog with Pavlov, you know to ring the bell on the refrigerator door the same thing
And he would like blow to whistle
They'd all like to line up and goose step along and they get fed you know is a beautiful thing to watch
So we know that the flamingos have moved to a date county and voted yesterday's election
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, I seriously long for the day
Now it's been when there's real fresh
Breath of air on the radio
You enjoy it blow in the show
Okay, thanks very much for the good news and thanks for listening
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. How you nail? Yes, sir. Thank God things worked out great for date. Yeah, they get to keep the money
They don't have to be embarrassed
They get to keep what money?
There's money to spread out to the state from my brother, right?
And what about all the money? They're gonna lose their own revenue. What about that?
I don't know who's any revenue that they would have had if it would have passed
But yet the other thing you know is they don't have to look so pathetic and desperate like Broward that they'll court a bunch of compulsive gamblers
Yeah
Pathetic and desperate to hoard a bunch of compulsive gamblers like Vegas
You know every time I get off of playing in a caron airport in Las Vegas. I look around
I think to make myself why and these people look really pathetic and desperate
So let's take advantage of those people they suck. Oh my god. We're to start selling crack too for school
WQ.A.M. Hello. Thank God there's not a lot of that going on in Dave Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, the thing is
Then I'm staying dead
Let me tell you if I'm up and proud of wearing the slots. I see those green teeth no speaking English
I'm gonna boot them right out the machine. Yeah, and take it myself
Let him stay down that hellhole
Let him read it down there. Okay, Humbin Dread as they say in China right five six seven oh five sixty
Why how's the living the air of you know, Stan? It's unusual for South Florida
Very unusual is hey all this resentment. That's all your fault
That's right. Well, they doesn't have to be embarrassed now
You know being so desperate as to have to cave in all these compulsive gamblers right we'll shake them down in brown
We'll care. I know that that's a several joined up there the hard rock cafe
I know that all the people there like jumping out of the windows just filming at the mouth losing all their mortgage payments and everything
They got a big house the whole tower just for right
WQ a.m. Hello, but the Q was man focus on the illegal spot though. We're taking over. We're taking over
No kidding no kidding
Q. I. M. Hello
Not there. What is shame? I was gonna be a real good one too
WQ a. Hello not there wow
Spastic man the pressure is getting to him. It's plastic 1233 already
We got that baseball game come out for 1250 pregame. What do they like it or not?
What we do we do we're gonna throw it to them, you know just like just like normal like we always do let them do it
They will the rain delay spectacular and that'd be great and we don't mind. Let's see what the theme song should I play what then
I have the themes a little bit too short. Huh?
The team's a little short rate. I want to have something good to go into the ballgame way part of me
Joe's is kind of long like what's that way it is not long. It's a very short theme. You're wrong. It's not long at all
What about
I'm gonna have an instrumental. I got a good one. I don't know how long it is measure
I'm saying
It's a long story.
Yeah, that's it. Okay, there's a little preview of our pregame music for it for those who like to be on the inside of things, you know
26 till one at five 60 WQM the main man Anthony Kelly and what acceptance capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting those mortgage payments pulling out cash investing
Real estate all of these things all of these things are at the top of your list now
Florida's one of the hottest real estate markets in the entire country
So just keep in mind it doesn't make sense to keep all that equity tied up in your house or pay those outrageously high interest rates
The main man is partnering with kids in distress now helping abuse and neglected children in South Florida for 25 years
This year a staff is donating a portion of their commission on every closed loan for this worthy cause with six kids of his own
The main man knows how important being a parent is so called the main man Anthony Kelly and O'Tool-free at
1.88483 loan that's 1.88483 loan or go to the main man.com online and for your application right out on their website no matter
What's your situation is Anthony will find a solution for you and get the deal done that you're looking for forget about calling anybody
Also in a mortgage business who wanted to get the best deal and get it done right call Anthony Kelli and O everybody's main man at
888483 loan that's 1.88483 loan
You want to send to me real Rogers? Yes, come on simply
On 5.60 p.m.
Out of order, Doug. We like to drown a bit of the water for a dump. That's what you do when your country is run
Buy a pack of dirty meal compounds
To make them give that information up in gang and tie them up for a water or a dunk
Fear of it filed
We rate the paintings in a pyramid file
Nazi torture all American styles
Rate the paintings in a pyramid file
Everybody is a terrorist and so we must first send to rape a pin of file
We started cowboy and his good Christian talks
Have no shame about how they make a talk
Abugarh maybe even if they have nothing to say
Not your pliers always act this way
Make a little boy until he's raised. Hey, they're just letting us be the little Christian talks
With all this freedom that we have to spread
They should be happy that we're making them dead
Chapter fingers off the podium in cups
And write it off as college rags. They're fun
That's the solid packs of American weight
God bless the USA
Tell me and surges our us
Chapter fingers off and us they got that purple tip on it
You know you got the purple tip of getting the exemption 21 to 1
We got the pregame show at 1250. Can you believe this? This is great. It is great
What's that feel like like a reprieve like we've been let off a death row here
Because when I looked at that radar this morning man a whole state was just like one big blob
Grotesque
Thank God the people in Dave County aren't so desperate
They have to like make money off a bunch of degenerate gamblers
Especially they still got all a good drug money fuel in from Latin America drug lottery
Monterrey and Sean Cotteries running the drug money get me to eight
Monterrey five six seven oh five sixty
Count five sixty not like he used to though back in the days when they were all running the omnipotent would suit pieces full of cash
Remember those days. Oh yeah. No boy. Give me 14 vcrs
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, ma'am hi. I wanted to talk to you about the propaganda that the chairman's are now viewing
I heard this morning on our government run
News situation and that's in the
Stoppeltings track of everyone. Yes
The chairman's now
I'm applauding Bush for the war and saying that he was right to go into our lab because he's creating well
Peace and what's ironic is they don't see the Napoleon
Hitler coming their way. Oh, they see it then notice remember when he went there and they were demonstrating by the thousands in the streets
They were full they were throwing rotten robbers at him
Well this morning after the whole Italian thing and the Italian's want to pull out now
Right
The truth is and it's really scary
Yeah, you know just it seems to win both versions way no matter what well
Maybe made him an offer they can't refuse yeah
That could be made to talk to his friends the Saudis they threatened to jack up the price of gas to like about 14 bucks a gallon
Yeah, that's another thing they voted down
You know minimum wage and now they're really paying gas
And the gallon
This is only going to be three bucks a gallon. What do you know that money for?
Yeah
And the poor are going to get to a job even if they have one hey screw the poor that's the model of these folks screw the poor in rats
Robin Hooden reverse all for the
Good luck to us. I'll see you at the border sweetheart. Good luck. Yeah
Okay, you leave it believe me. Thank you mr. President for those low gas prices
Yeah, what are where that punk ever disappeared do, huh?
I wonder why isn't he calling and say thanks
For the gas prices I can't believe rook Daniels actually got a couple of votes on that pool
Can you rook Daniels who was a Randy wannabe who was had waxy buildup she's got nine votes can you believe that there's the missing nine votes
Yeah, the nine percent from the election from back in November. She's got him. I can't tell you where she's got him
But she knows the whole ball of wax WDQA and hello meal yes, sir
Question the Indians allowed to have regal spots now they have to stay with what they got
Uh, that's an excellent question. I would assume that they're gonna take that well
They've already filed a thing in court and I would assume they're gonna get the regga
There are slots too because whatever the law permits in the state
Whatever's permitted by the Constitution allegedly they supposedly can get the same thing
Okay, that's also down in Miami for them then also right?
Or no? Because suki's yes, that's now that's an interesting question. I don't know because
Well, I don't know
I picked somebody with a better legal mind to meet and know
Well, I'll be going to pop it up to the point these don't
They don't pop it out me too. I'll see you there. All right back. Thanks
I'm gonna have my own bank of machines by the way. That's what Dick Feinberg tells me now
I don't want to be selfish. I don't want him one more than you know five ten grand a day when I go there
I'm not there that much anyway, right? Just a little bit of the week
Yeah, that's all I just want to wet my beak okay, and Hollywood Greyhound which supposedly they love me like crazy now because the fantastic job
I didn't just back in November and now I get here the other day
Uh, they should also give me a bank, right? Right
That's a lot of what's the other day of being a sellout you know all these bags of money that are flowing in there
Chown up in my door. Oh, yeah
Man, oh man, cuz I sure win a gambling. I'll pay to that. Oh, yeah
I don't know one of those people that goes all the time and then make some stories about hogger
You know some people have an image to maintain
Don't lose no much to that hand. Come on. I'm begging. We don't do it
Believe you me especially when you're working for this job, but you never know what those checks
Well, it's thinking about that's why they didn't come in to tell us about the game
Because I'm sure that clearance and muff are both theorously working out to make sure that my check my check shows up on time tomorrow
Right, they're writing it. No, maybe that's right. They're uh, they're covering it right now. They're out in the street
They got Miguel out there with what's your name Kathleen
What is your name Catherine? What is it? What are you laughing about? I don't know what her name is
What is the new bimbo's name
Is she there? What are you laughing about?
Jesus God almighty
You want to call in Joshua? So I what Kathleen is Josh's mom
Kathleen is Josh's mom? Yes, Josh Curtis's mom the one lonely and Miguel is doing her
No, God. What kind of a story? This is worse than that Dennis story we had before no it ate
Holy moly much better. I see that's what Miguel said
Well, what's your mom doing working there? What do you mean she's been here? She got the job. Why did I ever meet her?
I don't think so
I think it's a family affair now. We're getting the gauntlet mishpucker in there
How about your brothers and your dad and everybody else in the dog? Maybe the dog would be like you know our mascot
Come and soon. Yeah, your pit bull could be our man. Well, yeah, yesterday. It tells me he's got a dog
And then he tells me he had a pit bull. Is there a problem with that? No, yeah, I tell you say he had a dog
Well, I mean, you know wqam. Hello
Yeah, this is Robin Williams, not on that old region
You
WQ a ham hello
Yes, Valley. What's up? I want to be honest with you. I'm a criminal. Yeah, I'm a criminal. I'm part of the criminal element
Yeah, they hear so much about in fact
My member of the criminal element you get down here good now. We've been waiting for this to come to pass
Not not with standing the ending to see those with 25,000 people a weekend and lying back to
95 we've been waiting in the shadows right the one on bandit so that we can finally have something to do God bless Broward County
That's right now that we finally got that thing passed in Broward all the criminals are gonna come out of the dark shadows out of the woodwork and
Apply their trade all those drug peddlers all of those rapists is all those evil doers
I mean, yeah, how much of course keep in mind that a lot of these people are the same people who vote for anybody with the last name
Bush so when it comes to stupid, I mean, I it's like every done the thing, you know
Stupid be us anyway. I lied about to play that theme song. Yeah, I figured you'd lie. Well, I'm not gonna play um
What was it? Vananza? Yeah, don't put all those people are dead
Lauren green dead Dan blocker dead um Michael land and dead who was the other one for no Robert for no Robert's dead
Yeah, I guess so and what about half sing? I thought it was bok choy
I think they used to uh squeeze in to make half sing but anyway, I thought I play side you like huh a lot
I don't want to play it too early because then it'll run out before the day
The relationship and it would be really bad. Okay, so anyway, here's the deal
We got the red socks and marlin's hopefully from Jupiter at the very least we got the pregame come out
So we can get out here. Thank God
Um mad dog after the ballgame hurricane hotline and Hollywood Greyhound
Seven away to see Frank Haithauer keep the haith and with Josie and the Josh Darrell with Terrence make believe program director
You got the beast of Hollywood Greyhound at 9 80k at 10 tonight
It's your favorite. Oh
Yeah, you love it
You love the marlin's baby
We love Howard and St. Catti forget about it
I believe what this song
Great he's alive we can cap
Oh
The sweet kid
Remember Delas Street from Perimation yes it is we've talked about this 80 million times William Cat is her son
What was your name that played Delas Street? I don't know we don't know we rock here
