Absolutely.
No.
You're fair.
No.
You're a cruise control.
Because Tom Cruise doesn't lack a remote.
Tom Cruise is getting kind of old.
You know, he's getting kind of old.
I ride old and stay on moldy anyway.
Let's just do it before you do the British stuff.
We got to BBC here by the way you got it there Miguel.
We don't know where to find it is at the moment that we need to give.
The first is to stay where you are.
Okay.
I'm not going nowhere.
Stay in there.
I'm going to get the car on the bed.
1772 votes on George's pool yesterday.
How do you feel about the city being shut down from over your TV productions?
What kind of a pool was that?
It's a nice place.
It's shut down 95.
Yeah, and what kind of a pool is that?
George, George is not sick today because God is punishing for yesterday's pool.
Great as long as it doesn't affect me 504.
Much of selfish, typical South Florida response.
Selfish, selfish, selfish, selfish.
Me, me, me, me, me.
That's all they care about is me, me, me, me, me, me.
You tell them, oh, no mold this week by the way.
No mold, mold.
It's unacceptable shutting down the city 281.
Unacceptable.
Unbelievable.
I'm all for it.
It's good for the city.
189.
Fine as long as it's for a good movie or TV show 98.
But if it's for a bad movie or TV show, let's kill somebody just to show everybody how peeled we are.
How pissed off we are.
Anyway, it was so London is rock black explosions as you know.
In the tube, four explosions in London's transport system had killed at least two people who wounded dozens more.
In what UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said was an apparent terrorist attack.
No kidding, Tony.
Man, is he on top of it or what?
Why don't apologize to Miguel right off the bat because we only have a two and a half hour show today.
We got the Marlon pregame show at 1230.
So I'm going to be reading lots and lots of bedtime stories all the whole time as a matter of fact.
The only cause we're going to take is if they want to add some names to our list for the pool today.
Which the pool is and I figure it's vacation time right most people are going on their vacations now.
So a word of warning, a little word of warning to you.
Okay, that's what we're trying to do.
Don't go to any of these places which people hate like poison.
A vacation place I've visited but would never go back to and I mean never ever.
Of course, I voted for Niagara Falls because I had a really bad experience this last time.
Lost my ass and it's just a one way street.
You know what's like?
It's like taking your money and pouring it into like a vacuum.
And never going to come out again.
You know how you when you go to the bank through the drive-through and they have that.
You put your deposit in and you put it in that thing and you kind of wonder where it is.
Where does it really go so that it winds up inside the bank? Have you ever wondered about that?
No, not really.
You have never wondered about that?
You know where it goes.
It goes through some kind of a tube and it winds up inside with a cashier in there.
But anyway, it's the same thing when you go to Niagara Falls.
You just put your money.
It was stick it in there.
It just disappears.
Oh, there's only Blair.
I thought it was some prize of course with the victims in that family.
And there was this response.
Yes, and it said that all these poor innocent brits are dying because Tony Blair just got, you know,
he went right along just the quizzling that he is with Bush with his illegal war.
You know damn well, as sure as I'm sitting with my fat ass right here that if they wouldn't have gone into Iraq
that these people would still be alive today, at least 40 dead already.
Anyway, our poll today vacation place you visited but would never go back Detroit.
22 excellent choice do not go anywhere near there.
Don't go to Detroit.
I mean, we can play those CKLW Motown jingles.
And reminisce about how great it used to be back in the day before the Burn Half the City
that I do not go to Detroit.
Do not think about going there.
Don't try within like a long way.
It will be packed next week.
For what?
The All-Star game.
Is in Detroit?
Yes sir.
Holy crap, rat man.
That's bad.
Los Angeles 19.
That's another excellent choice.
It used to be a great, oh man.
It was, it was, I can't even put into words how exciting it was.
It was vibrant.
It was great.
And now of course all the signs are like in some oriental language.
I don't know what happened there.
LA plus crime, man.
It's the only city I've ever been in my life where you, the scent of crime, the fear, the feeling of fear.
Just crossing the street to two in the afternoon.
You feel like somebody's going to mug you.
LA 19.
Niagara Falls 12.
Do not go there.
It's a clip joint.
Paris 6.
Too many French.
Las Vegas 5.
London 3.
Especially now after what happened in the year.
This morning.
Hamburg 2.
I don't go there.
If you want to go to Germany, go to Berlin, go to Cologne, go to the summer.
Do not go to Hamburg, it's boring.
And Copenhagen None.
Which indicates to me that there have been none if you've ever been there.
Or, uh, El Presidente was just there.
Oh, there he is.
He's heart-felt and don't want this.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Did you see when Blair was making the clip when he was making the original statement and they had all the shirak was standing behind him and the other end?
Bush was there.
Looked like a fish out of water.
He looked like he was in Madame Tussauds like he was in a wax museum.
Stiff is a board.
Anyway, a previously unknown group calling itself the group of Al-Qaeda of G-Hod organization in Europe.
League claimed the blast posting a statement on an Islamist website a few hours after the explosion.
The claim could not be independently verified.
More fatalities were sure to follow, it says.
Emergency services personnel told CNN that a rescue operation at Keynes Cross Station had successfully evacuated all survivors leaving dead below ground in the double digits.
One worker said he removed several bodies from the train.
At least 13 remained there.
The fabricators now left the station.
It was now a crime scene.
U.S. law enforcement sources said the British government has at least 40 people are dead in the British.
She was more in terrorist attacks.
And like I said, innocent people dying because their leaders are crazy people.
And I went through all the effort.
The George, what you would note, I wonder George plugged that thing yesterday about the world according to Bush on our website.
Don't know.
My timing is so bad.
I mean, everybody's out of the town.
There's nobody around.
We just had to drop the beaten curtain because the fastest chains of law.
We can't have any nude pictures on there.
Unless we got their shoe size and birthday and a specimen of their stool.
We can't do anything.
And so now that our website is like basically nobody's paying attention to it.
We have the most important thing I've ever put on there.
How many people do you think read that?
Why?
About 30 men.
So anyway, in line with what happened in London, the Homeland Security Department asked authorities in major cities today for heightened vigilance of major transportation systems after that series of explosions.
The Department's spokesman Brian Rorkasa.
Sounds like a street in Germany, doesn't it?
Brian Rorkasa said, however, there were no immediate transfer vaccinations threat level.
We don't have any intelligence.
He could have put the period there indicating this type of attack is planned in the US.
A. The Homeland Security Department asked authorities in major cities for continued vigilance of their transportation systems and nations capital, bottom-sniffing dogs and armed police officers were patrolling subways and buses and looking for anything suspicious.
Passengers were being urged to report any suspicious activity about 1.2 million people a day ride Washington's buses and trains.
A police helicopter reportedly repeatedly circled the RFK Stadium area.
A major transportation hub with several bus stops and large commuter parking lots.
Other major cities also heightened security on transit systems like LA, Chicago, Cleveland, etc.
There's another place you don't want to go all over.
I can't imagine anybody going on vacation here.
Cleveland, don't go there.
Guess who died.
You see who died?
Who died.
And you'll have no idea who it was anyway.
With the tremendous worldly brain that you got.
By the way, Duff is running the board today.
Nice going, Duff.
Thanks.
Well, that's because George is homesick and the Johnis is doing more important stuff.
He's a baseballing it today.
He's balling it today with the Marlins.
So we're like an afterthought.
As usual, you know, whatever we got around, we got the operations manager sitting there running the board.
You know, a high paid guy like this and he's running the board in this major market radio station.
At least we used to be anyway.
We used to be so damn good, you know.
James Stockdale is dead, 81.
He's the one who said, who am I?
And what am I doing here?
I remember that?
And we have the car thrice somewhere, but of course Miguel can't read English.
So James B Stockdale, 81, retired Navy Vice Admiral teacher and think he was heroism and Vietnamese captivity.
One in the middle of honor and later vice president died July 5th.
Now, how do you like that?
He died on what day was that?
Tuesday, right?
Tuesday.
The same day my mother died last year.
You think there's an omen there?
At his home in Colorado, she was 91.
He was only 81.
A stimulant released by the Navy said he'd been suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
This was a guy who was running for vice president.
I wonder who he was saying, who am I?
Embodding the virtues of both warrior and philosopher Admiral Stockdale and aviator, credited to the tens of...
...Epic teedis.
Can we say that?
Better check with the Joyce.
Epic teedis.
One of the ancient stills with helping him survive seven and a half years of abuse is the highest ranking U.S Navy officer to be held captive in Vietnam.
Now he's dead.
So we don't really care who am I or whatever.
Okay, all I want to say is let's get this over.
That's what I want to say.
Let's just zip right through it and get it over.
Don't you think?
Yes, sir.
Good plan.
Let me just paint in the ass faxes.
Oh, Jamaica.
Wow, I don't teach you to go there in the first place.
Okay, what'd you go there for?
Come on.
Crazy or what?
Get your makeup on the floor.
Are you putting stuff on there or what?
Oh, I got to figure that out.
Okay.
I don't want to say that we're kind of like an afterthought today, but with Josh, you're a baseball owner who's putting the bedtime stories on our website today.
Is anybody working on that?
Well, I'm sure he's doing that from over there.
Get out of here.
You're the mama.
Jamaica.
All these people are keeping on it.
Oh, and I saw Silenced Atlanta last night.
It was on cable and I just couldn't shut it off.
And I had never realized before because I didn't pay that much attention.
At the end of the movie when he calls Yodhi Foster, you know, she gets the phone call.
And she have Dr.
at long after he hangs up in the dial tone is on there.
That's kind of like.
Like this.
Dr. Hector.
Dr. Hector.
Dr. Hector.
Yeah, I know what you can say.
You see, the dial tone is blasting in her ear there.
But anyway, you see him.
He puts on that funky hat.
He's got a silly ass wig on there.
Kind of like the one Moe used to wear.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
And he wanders and he leaves.
And he's walking through this village and obviously a Caribbean place.
I don't know.
I won't say it's either Haiti or one of the islands.
Right.
You already seen that.
You paid that attention to that.
Yeah, you can get lost in the middle of that crowd.
You think he'd be a little bit conspicuous in the middle of that.
So Jamaica will get on there as soon as Miguel figures out of it.
Also, it says one here.
Hopefully you can answer this.
I live in Washington, DC, and next Palm Beach County in Launa,
via satellite radio is near Rogers available now or via satellite.
And if so, why do you have to buy a satellite radio when you can hear it right on your website on our website?
Somebody's website, right?
Keep going.
If he is not on satellite, people will just be happening in the future.
No.
Absolutely not.
No.
And all I have to go is via your website.
I don't see anything there.
No.
Well, if you're on our website, why don't you listen on our website, Rooney?
And then he's got like phone numbers.
And I'm sure Duffel called you during the break and gave you some advice.
Call him or you want to know.
He's looking on our website.
Just click on where it says, listen to the show, Rooney, or whatever your name is.
Right.
Mickey, whatever it is.
Mickey Rooney.
Good.
Got all mighty.
No, I'm not going to be on satellite radio because the beastly pissed off Howard Stern.
That's number one.
And number two, my agent is who she is.
Hey, Normoff.
You're too fairy.
1013 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, O'Rodgers, God.
My main creator, Bob Gildo, pronounces his most ambitious charity super concert ever.
It's one hit, one or eight.
More than 50 bands will take the stage to raise money for...
...and sell among those scheduled to appear.
Texte's midnight butter and without hats.
Don't go.
Crash test dummy.
Mara that brooksteep.
Light and Tommy Tutto.
All proceeds from one hit, one or eight.
Go directly to those who desperately need it.
Light, touch of Google, Thomas Goldie, Boba, Man, Lou Vega, Modern English, and Katrina and the waves.
Please, one hit, wonders wonder where their next meal is coming from.
And now you can help the pro climbers of the finalist, Fandal Ballet.
The paper, like he goes to Hollywood, and we go swamy himself.
Gerardo.
One hit, wonder wait.
It's about music.
It's about compassion.
It's about helping vanilla ice find a new refrigerator box to chill in.
And I guarantee it will help.
This is many people in Africa as Bob yelled off there, but that whole silly ass thing over the weekend.
Do you think any people are eating right now who weren't eating before Saturday?
Sure.
I think I'm talking into it.
Cute.
That's what I think.
Yeah, it's not like that for me too.
No, that's okay. You wouldn't know from Africa. There's no Cubans there.
Well, actually there are.
In fact, maybe Cashtar wants to go back to New Angola again and have a little fun.
Well, speaking of Africa, and it's too bad George isn't here today.
George is sick.
Okay, he's got the choices today.
Circumcision may offer Africa AIDS Hope procedure linked to much lower rate of new HIV infections.
Let me read that headline again.
Circumcision may offer Africa AIDS Hope.
The procedure is linked to much lower rate of new HIV infections.
For instance, South African AIDS researchers have called an early halt to a study without male circumcision
to reduce HIV infection after initial results reportedly showed that men who had the procedure
dramatically lowered their risk of contracting the virus.
How do you like that?
All you want circumcised slabs?
Huh?
God, no wonder the world isn't as straight as it's in today.
We're all at four skin and hanging around.
The studies preliminary results disclose Tuesday by the Wall Street urinal show that
Circumcision reduced the risk of contact the HIV by 70%.
A level of protection far better than the 30% risk.
The third man said as a target for an AIDS vaccine.
According to the newspaper account, the study underway an orange farm township South Africa
was stopped because the results were so favorable.
It was deemed unethical to continue.
See, I was going to say, don't go to the Bahamas or Jamaica or any place in the Caribbean unless you're black.
But even black people, I like African Americans, they don't want to go there either.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because just like you Julios, they all hate each other.
Did you make and say American blacks and Haitians hate the Jamaicans and, you know, an end of whole deal?
Right?
Okay.
It happens to be true.
I'm just telling you right now.
Okay.
So why anybody wants to go to those places?
I mean, if you're Jamaican, go to Jamaica, come on.
Have a roll up the newspaper.
Have a good day of smoke.
But other than that, forget about it.
And the Bahamas.
Oh, brother.
Now, let's see.
We probably have some spot.
Like I said, I love the Bahamas.
Yeah.
That's paradise, you know?
Because I'm sure we got some spots on the ear for them.
So whatever we got, we loved Bahamas.
We just can't wait to go back.
Anyway, getting back to this, according to the newspaper accounts, this study was stopped because the results were so favorable.
It was deemed unethical to continue the trial after an early peak at data show that the young circumcised men were so much more likely to become infected.
So in other words, if we're doing this study and they've turned out to be so, I'll go outside and that they figured, oh, this is embarrassing.
All of the men in the study have been followed for a year and half the men have been followed for the full 20 months called for in the original study design, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Begun in August 2002, the experiment is one of three closely watched clinical trials in Africa to determine whether a scientific merit in nearly three dozen less rigorously controlled studies showing that circumcised men were much less likely to become HIV positive.
How do you like that?
So instead of having all those songs up there on Saturday in a weekend, they should just brought a boil up there on the stage.
With a sharp knife and said, we're going to have like 10,000 guys like this. We're going to put them on a banana boat and send them over to Africa like, you know, chop everybody off a little bit.
That's right. George would be having a nervous breakdown about that because he defends the indefensible. I can't help it if he's like barbaric and got that stuff hanging down there, you know.
Just the way it is. Okay, maybe now this crowd I wasn't going to take a lot of calls because we got here's the lineup such as it is.
We got Marlins on deck at 12 30 today. The brewer's in town. Man, Marlins pulled it out last night late into the what was it 12.
Any? Yep. They pulled it out, went in town. Brewers that would have been embarrassing to lose them again, but the brewers will be their 105 this afternoon.
I bet you that have one hell of a crowd there today. On a Thursday afternoon and then mad dog follows the baseball game Curtis and Troy, which rhymes with seven nights followed by the Ed Kaplan show attendance are award winning QM lineup such as it is.
But anyway, I bet you that we got a whole bunch of more cities and places that people visited that they would never go back to if they gave him like a thousand dollars spending money or whatever.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines WQ a M hello. How you doing? Good.
Just wanted to tell him that the last scene of Silent Lam. He's in Bimini. Oh, it's in Bimini. Well, I told you. Yeah, he's in Bimini.
Okay, thanks. He's in Bimini. How do you know that? Maybe recognize a lot of people are we are we supposed to know that? Maybe it's in the credits. Oh, I doubt it. Or maybe just made it up. Well, special thanks there at the WQ a M hello. That's true.
Hey, how you doing? Bimini radio. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm from the O. How you doing?
I bet that I'm storing you. You just read about circumcision. There's interesting. You think there's any correlation between. Of course, in my asking is it more difficult to put a kind of on a uncircumcised number?
Is there any relationship there? Do you think? Well, I'll tell you what the second I'll go out and do some experimentation and find out for it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'll do my personal research and pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
I wouldn't waste my time if George were there, but this whole business about for skin. I realized that in Europe and most places you go into world that most of the men, you were well-mengued.
You're not circumcised. One good thing the Catholic Church did, which I can't say too many, but one good thing they did was they stole that idea from the Jews, you know, and the Muslims. Although, I don't know. I would ask Miguel because he would know and I certainly wouldn't ask anybody else. WQ a M hello.
Hey, doc, you furry.
It's good to have fans. Oh, man, am I psychic or what? Oh, yeah, 72 a.m. Hello.
I'm so glad that I'm caught. Yeah, me too. I like to hold my case way too much.
I think the city, I didn't know how to do it. I'm going to say it's like going to Southeast, but replacing the Cubans with Japs.
Okay. Not just people at the terrible city.
So that's all why is wonderful, fantastic. Eden Light, but I tell you what, that's the thing. No more hot Lulu. I like the key beef, but it's so crowded there.
You can't even took me like an hour to drive from the airport to the hotel to just forget about it. That's the last time I'm going.
Okay, thanks. I'm a little. You got that? Are we putting these up? Yeah, you got your makeup on. There's already got three. Do not go to Jamaica, man.
Believe me. If you want some good weed, come up here. Go to Vancouver. Go to Amsterdam. Norma, can't go into Amsterdam. Not soon enough, though.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, Norma. You're fairy. And pound 5, 6, 8, leave a rising and singular, right? I have the feeling. Am I dreaming or what? I have the feeling like an out of body experiencing today.
Like this isn't like really a show. It's kind of like a dry run, like a walk through. You know what I mean? No. I mean, George isn't there in Miguel. I mean, and Josh, whatever his name is. He's not there.
And we got this ballgame coming up and there's nobody in town. Now, honestly, I'd rather work every day. Is it like pretty. It's the same. It's the same as usual. Yeah, get out of here. Well, except for schools out. Yeah.
And you're telling me that most people are back in town now because the fourth of July is over. I think you're dreaming. Only in sweet water. You're neck of the woods. Right. Your people are going anywhere. They don't go anywhere. They don't go anywhere.
Yeah, I'm here. Hello. Near what's up? Yes, sir. I would have to say Atlanta by far. You went there on vacation. Well, we're waiting up there. Yeah. The southern thing. It was just horrible. Yeah. It's the red neck heaven. Yeah. I can't wait till we burn it down again. Fine.
Yeah. That's what I do. Let's get started. That was a good idea. You know, how's General Sherman doing? Is he still around? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and single wireless. Let's get it on there. Let's say a really peachy place. They got that peach tree. It's an awful place. Anywhere in Georgia. Do not go in Georgia. Not go to aim tree. Don't go to making. Don't go to Savannah. All of the golfers, of course. What is it? Where is it? Augusta, right? Where they have the mastery.
What's the other place that's supposed to be of Savannah? Georgia is a Mugwimp heaven man. It's just a grotesque. And of course, if you want to go to those segregated senior problems, it's still not too late. You can find those all over Georgia. Not that they're living in the past. Anything like that. You know, that trial that they had in Mississippi.
That's a killing guy from the killing of the civil rights workers. You'll notice that nothing has really changed there. I mean, they've changed some laws and they try to like put on a good act. There's still the same bunch of Mugwimp. They always were racist, honky cracker bastards is basically what they are. That's a deep South for you. That's the USA. Only complete out of that here is man. We got some of the smelliest people. Where do these people come from besides India? Wow. I just. There was a guy sitting next to me. It would buy in the other day. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the South. I'm not going to go to the
South. I'm going to have an old guy. I swear to you, if he ever saw a bar or so, if he never touched it, he may have looked at it. He never took the wrapper off. Before he used it, he spoke to the wrapper off, Pali. In fact, I think he was probably using it. It's a curry flavored body wash. 26 after I'm serious. I was swooning. Oh, geez. Please lose. He didn't even ran away. Thank God.
I'm not a
No, no, no, no, don't
barf in my car
No, no, no, no, don't barf in my car
Wonder if we take a ride
Are you going to get cars
It's baby, cars
It's baby
And if you're stating it to me
Will you hurry in my lap, baby
In my lap, baby
You're going to check your easy, easy
I'm getting cruisin', cruisin'
That last bug really shook me
I'm about to toss my cookies
Don't get stuck behind that truck now
Or you're going to see me up the junk now
It's calling baby, get stuck
I can't you wait for the evening's warm
I guess I could have left you home
There's a smell in my car, baby
It's now baby
Yes, I'm new, can you take the bus
In the bar for the driver, baby
Driver, baby
No, no, no, no, don't barf in my car
1031-2911-560WQM
It's the Marlon Pre-Game Warmup Show
At 1230 you're going to hear it
That
Every time we do one of these early ball games
It's always going to be if she's to play that
All Georgia's upset
Because it's not the original, it's not the thin Lizzy
Which you would know thin Lizzy
But what do you know?
You're almost as bad as Josh
Busca buscullides with police officers
You see this?
I heard that, yeah
I think this was an omen of things to come
President Bush collided with the British police officer
During a bike ride last night
Suffering scrapes on his hands and arms that required bandaging
White House spokesman Scott McClellan said
Boy, I sure got to fight my tongue real hard while I'm reading this
You know what? Till it's bleeding
The officer from the Strethe Clyde Police Department in Scotland
I wonder if the police officer was wearing kiltts at the time
Was taken to a local hospital as a precaution
He was treated and released after an evaluation
Revealed no fractures McClellan said
Bush visited with the police officer for some time after the accident
And asked what has physician Dr. Richard Tubb
To monitor his situation at the hospital McClellan said
The president was expected to call the officer later
And see how he'd be doing
Despite the steady rain and chilly temperatures
Bush and Abbott mountain bike
He went for a ride at the Glen Eagles Resort in central Scotland
Where he and other leaders at the group of eight economic powers are beginning
That two days someone today
Lots of protests, lots of service
And then of course that big episode in the
Shoe
In the London today
At least 40 people
That it's got to be a lot more than that
Lot of dead people, lot of her wounded and her broached stuff going on
And that's because of the fine job that the Americans in
The British have done the fighting terrorism all over the world
5670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in a singular wireless lines
You see the way those phones are smoking off the hook
With all these vacation places that they're never going back to
Not
Well it's not, look it's not, maybe not be the most exciting
But it might be that brothel called in the cold and on Tuesday
And it's pulling boring, it's boring
Yeah
I have never encountered, oh well I shouldn't say that
Yes, because I understand why they're malcontent
You know they're in South Florida
I understand why they're miserable and they're hateful
And they're depressed and they're psychotic
I understand it
Here's line nine, it's their only call, QAM hello
Hey Neil?
Yes sir
Hi, I haven't called you in a long time
But I got to find a new phone and that phone number is OJ's old phone number
Really?
I don't know, I have no OJ story days as a matter of fact
It's really weird because I said hey, OJ, blah blah blah
What OJ are you talking to?
Wow, well I want to get some pretty good drugs
Well what I want to do is have changed my machine, the answering machine to I killed the cold
That's okay, excellent idea
In fact just the prank happy recorder, I'll find it here somewhere
I'll kill some good time
I know it's in here
I killed you the cold
There you go
Yeah, we got no J story, there was a good lead-in
See how everything kind of like fits together
Now that's a call and I don't want their calls right now
I'll take one, somebody QAM hello
Yes, I am
Yes sir
I live in Broward County so I gotta say Miami
That is, that may be the winner
Yeah, that's beautiful, Miami
Excellent choice
And Highly would be a good one under two
Stick them both on there, okay?
I'm not going back there anytime soon
Why would you, who make cages with Highly?
The highest a stupid question today is
I don't know, it's a vacation place
But not in an ordinary people in South Florida
Miami is
I don't know, it's a joke
But Miami is certainly a vacation place
Miami BTS
Miami or Miami, in other words people don't put a Miami on vacation
You're a dream and man
Of all people to be saying something
I'll read you some Kami Pinko comment like that
There are people who go there
Why I have no idea
Yeah, there's nothing in Miami, I'm a BTS
Now what else I'm just going to ask something very important
And slip my mind
This glass collar brought it to my little comeback
A vacation place I've visited but would never go back to is
Would never go back today, county again ever
If somebody held a gun in my head and gave me 4,000 in cash
I wouldn't go back
WCWAM, hello
I'm Neil Rogers
Speaking
I have a comment about this most recent comment
You made regarding this Homeland Security and such
Can you pass me that?
Yeah, I have a comment about this on my face call
We weren't doing anything what would be happening, sir
Why does this sound like such a bad fake call?
As it was
Somebody QAM, hello
Josh, I pray for your death every day
I'm sure he's with me
Josh isn't here today and he's calling them making death threats
How do you like that?
Probably one of his old boyfriends
WCWAM, hello
Hey, I'm back
How many think QAM, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, Neil, hi
America was the last place to give up delivery
So how can there be the spokesman for freedom all over the world?
Yeah, good point
Come on, man
Well, yeah, but we're showing reruns of the Jefferson's, that's the start
Yeah, I mean, there needs to straighten up
Okay, good luck to you, pal
Quick pal, here you can
OJ Simpson's private life has once again involved the police
Did you see this story?
Feet
Police called OJ's Miami Home over domestic dispute
And that's one of the tourists if you do come to Miami maybe if you're listening right now
You're a tourist in South Florida
The first thing you ought to do is turn around and go back where you came from if you're smart
But the second thing is like you know when they go to Hollywood they go to the not Hollywood Florida
But California they get the map to the stars homes, you know
Right
Well, you can get the map to Kendall and you can find OJ's house
Simpson was at a suburban Miami home with girlfriend Christy Prody on the 4th of July
When he asked his neighbor Steve Dachendorf to come over and jumpstart Prody's car
This is from the Channel 4 website, so consider that
Stories vary on what happened next but Dachendorf called police and reported a fight
Police responded but said nobody was arrested, no charges will be filed
It was an accident but nobody got hurt
Dachendorf said he called because Prody was beating him in Simpson
I figured if I call the police at least he has a record he said he should have done that with Nicole Dachendorf said Wednesday
Simpson couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday his lawyer E.L. Galanter would not comment
Dachendorf said Prody and Simpson who have had bumps in their relationship were already arguing when he came over
Bumps in their relationships and maybe if you wonder he said Prody took items in a bottle of vodka from Simpson and started to leave
And when Simpson went to take it back she'd lunge that him ripping a necklace from his neck
He said she shoved her off Simpson and then she had then attacked him
She broke a chain off his neck four ounces of gold said Dachendorf
Simpson did not touch Prody during the insurance in Dachendorf said
Prody denied Dachendorf's urgent events I never touched him she said Dachendorf he lied to police
Now who would you believe even though I don't know how to do this guy yeah right
Prody said the argument was between Dachendorf and herself and not Simpson
She said Dachendorf wouldn't give her back the car keys and she told him to leave
Dachendorf and Prody who have few of you decided to be on drugs agreed that the incident is history
Oh not somebody on drugs at O.J.S house how can we believe something so silly is that
Prody said Wednesday that she and Simpson were laughing about it while Dachendorf speculated that in two weeks this will blow over
They'll be back together this is nothing new
Now it's just proper to chorus okay Dachendorf O.J. We hate to like poison O.J. and we wish you'd die a wicked death
Or at least trip and fall and break your neck while you're hopping over that third side of the airport
Since they don't advertise on the station yet
What do we got so far?
A vacation place that I have a visitor but would never go back never
Detroit 34 and believe you me well deserved a grotesque subhuman place
Los Angeles 27 Niagara Falls 19 Paris 15 Jamaica 11 mon
Oh what's wrong with Jamaica mon it's a good machine mon
It's a good machine
Oh my god
What was that sound by her you bought a faute Jamaica farewell wasn't that the name of the song death?
Yes
Down the down the way where the nights are that was the lyrics in that song how do you like that?
You fairy
Anyway Jamaica 11 am I right?
Remember that song what was the other hair braille of fun it been an abot song?
Deo
Right I think we got a whole bunch of I'm sure we do it here somewhere but I know what the other call is it called Deo?
Yeah I don't have time to look for it I'll be right back
Jamaica 11 Atlanta 7 mimie 6 already we just put it on there somebody got a 6 don't go there
Don't go there if you take your life seriously
London 6 or if you speak English
Las Vegas 6 Hamburg 2 how Lulu's got one in Copenhagen doesn't have any well
They got a lot of 7 11 0 say that which we love 7 11 but they got a lot of them there every I don't know where that came from
In between the last two times that was there the second time ago there were none and the last time it was there like last year
Every street court has got another 7 11
Which they got really good pizza in there I know that sounds silly they don't have pizza 7 11 in the USA no or here
But in the Copenhagen they got nice I don't know what the hell that's all about 20 before 11 at 5 60 W came in by the way
Joshua Rock you're wrong about the Brits and the Fins I guess he's never been to Amsterdam when he said
That the Brits the only place worse the food is the was Finland maybe only had the reindeer in Finland they have some decent food there but man I'm still down
I got the world record you know it puts the large in the basket
This is Debbie.
Hi Debbie I'm in the student getting some operations done and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's from Tommy Talk and lip augmentation cosmetic dress sets are you face gift all of these things
Those wondering what you like to start with?
Well I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing
Okay we don't do that
No could you do breast implants though?
I can't be done but I don't know what they would do right away
It puts the lotion in the basket
How much?
5,000
Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too
Laser surgery
Have the limbs stop crying yet?
Mommy
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
Okay
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well we'll have to see you first and then if I'm looking at you we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes
Okay there is a hundred dollar consultation fee
That's fine
Okay
Okay
My name is Buffaloville
Okay let me get a little information from you okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment?
You want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand that
Would you like to...
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay I will talk to you in the chat okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Hello
It's 30 a day plus gas
Well I read it Lincoln
Cash or credit I drove up in the hill
You want insurance?
And a recall how it happened
Well it's...
The market still gives me cash
What a weirdo
Followed my map of the stock house and...
And was shot to sleep
Sitting on her front porch was...
Angelina Jordan
Yeah, la la la la la la la la
I walked up like I knew her
Hey do I know you?
And I saw her hesitate
Jane
But the call of dawn started working
And for her it was too late
It was too late
For her in my car
And rolled the windows down
Now she watched my queen
And I made her crown
Could you slip a crown on me?
And I've got Angelina Jordan
And my basement
I've been the same
And I think I'll keep her there with me
Hello
And charge her ring
I can't ring
Well I hope she don't mind
I hope that she'll find that she likes to submit
I'm not your friend, but
How wonderful life is
With Angelina Jordan in my basement
Well, I'm stealing her now I'm here
Watch kitchen pranks
Pull out a man's head
But I bet you give your lesson
Well, thanks
To heaven, Angelina
And Angelina locks down in your basement
And I have questions
Don't hurt my dog
I'll die, mister
Don't hurt pressure
I'll hurt your dog, mister
I've got questions on your mask
It's 10 before 11 o'clock
I can 5, 60 WQ I am
I played that all of that stuff
Because I saw that again last night
There are just certain movies when you come across them on cable
And you just get hooked and you can't turn them off
You want to say it?
Yes
I like to Godfather
How many times in the last six months have I seen to Godfather?
5, 3, 3, and 5
British police told the Israeli embassy in London
Minutes before today's explosions they had received warnings of possible terror attacks in the city
A senior Israeli official said
Oi!
Israeli finance minister Benjamin Netanyahu
BB Netanyahu had planned to attend an economic conference in a hotel over the subway shop
Stop, where one of the blasts occurred
That's the British Jew subway
And the warning prompted him to stand his hotel room instead government official said
Foreign minister Sylvan Schallum said he wasn't aware of any Israeli casualties
Just before the blast, Scotland yard called the security officer with the Israeli embassy to say
They've received warnings of possible attacks the official said
He didn't say what the British police made any link to the economic conference
They're still thinking about it
Do you know what it's about, Scotland?
Remember that inspector Lestrado and Sherlock Holmes movies?
Well, a Scotland yard, a fairer, they're all like that
No wonder they couldn't figure it out
The official spoke on Commissioner Manon and then he became the nature of position
And because he wanted to share life, things like that
Got some good news though for Gelly
Let's see, why do we have that for a pack on here again?
Friday, tomorrow afternoon, 2 to 4
Because there's no mode as we go
Okay, we got Gelly, no mode today because we got the Marling game
So we got a lot of Gelly on and I'm sure he's going to be really hockey intensive
That should be good to goose those numbers up
But the good news for him is the voice of the Panthers, NHL Deal Dawn Paper Report
The NHLens players association reach the attentive deal
And in fact, we ought to check out what Leaf's TV right now, shouldn't we?
I bet you're all over it like Stink on Greg
Let's see, let's take a look
I'm sorry, I'm losing up number seven
Oh my god, it's fearless foster Hewitt
And a game from 150 years ago, we don't want to hear about that crap foster
What about on this channel, the NHL channel?
They both tired
The super game between the con- the con- the con- the con- the Calgary flood the Flamers from Calgary
Don't you think that there ought to be like some human to cry about that name?
You know, the con- the con- there's always this big stimulus about the Cleveland Indians, the Atlanta Braves and FSU, the Semit-Ols and all that crap that goes on
What about the con- to me that was always kind of like a pre-jorative term, wasn't it?
Like cracker, you dumb cracker, you redneck, you h- and what about you silly ass con- the NHLens players association reach the attentive deal
On a new collective bargaining agreement that it finalized within the lengthy lockout
The LA Times reported the- and they actually put it in English, you're not in Chinese or Vietnamese or Japanese or Korean
There had been several reports that a deal was imminent. Here's a picture of Gary Betman, I still say he's a hook- no- stereotypical idiot
The newspaper, citing anonymous sources posted a negotiation, said the agreement will feature a hard salary cap linked to 54% of league revenue, a 24% rule back of existing contracts and qualifying officers
It'll also include a provision that limits the salary of any player to 20% of the team cap figure in any season
Let's see, 24% rule back in the salary. Duff is probably thinking about that now. The salary cap will be $37 million US and won't include medical and dental benefits and pension payments the Times reports
Details will be presented to the NHL executive committee in New York on Monday and players will meet to decide whether to improve the deal
You better use silly ass basures under the new agreement or not whatever item we're going to care
The next February, the Times said, they can't let go of that Olympic craft. They stopped the season and they scrapped the all-star game which is fine because it's a silly game
There's no checking. It's 18 to 15, something like that. It's crap. They still have to go to that Olympic stuff so they can stop the season in midstream which is really stupid
But at least they're consistent. Kind of like our management, not good but at least consistent
The new deal includes the provision under which 15% of each player's paycheck will go into an escrow account until revenue is calculated after each season the pay per cent
If leaks spending on salaries exceeds 54% of revenue the difference between the salaries paid and the negotiated percentage will be paid to teams from the escrow account
If teams spend less than 54% the escrow money will revert to players. Did you write that down on your wrist? Oh yeah
There you go. The NHL became the first major pro-sports league in North America to lose an entire season due to a labor dispute
Because you got green players and greedy owners and a bunch of teams that shouldn't be in the league in the first place like the Panthers for example
They've got no business being in the NHL. Oh I forgot that's right where they're home with the Panthers
Is that feels done by the way? Is it a done deal? Yes it is
Alright where the home of the Panthers like I said they're one of the 10 teams that should be in the league
It's a lightning for Christ. They're just going to say they want to stand like that, screw them
They had their moment in sunshine to hell with them
And I still say what do they got? How can they have that baseball team over there?
That right there if anybody doubts what I've been saying for 15 years this expansion is greed in the markets where you...
It's not possible to have a baseball team in Tampa. There's a bunch of mug ones over there
How many people... what was the average attendance there with you saying Tampa?
About 30 men for baseball. 30 people in your 30
30? You said about 30. No one near 30
30 people I'm not talking about 30,000
13,000 to be exact. Is the average attendance?
This year is so far. That again is the fake number that they put down. Keep that in mind.
So divide by four subtract 2,000. That's the real number.
Josh Cortist told me he was at a game over there earlier in the season and if there were...
I don't know what it was if there was like a thousand people in there he said it was a lot including the ushers and the attendance
and the people selling the crap and stuff.
Unbelievable. Let's tap it for you and of course they got crystal and they had taken shake long before we got it
and they got down the tellers and they got the mom's weenies and they got all kinds of good stuff over there
and great and Cuban food at the state house.
And they got burned steakhouse. So what tells all that about?
What comes to sport? We are the outside world.
What do we got?
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
See here. Are you in the middle?
Yeah, that's the real noise.
The mouthpiece is a little holly.
Yeah, yeah, you never said it.
That's the point.
The penitentiature is a little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
That's the only way to make me buy that little bit of a noise.
Hey, stop your chance.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
Turn the other side.
It's a lot of the one at 560 over to QM.
There he is, squeaky himself, the voice of the Panthers.
All right, he ought to be just dancing a Kazzaski at home.
I'll whip up into a frenzy.
In fact, I'm actually just going to be talking about that
a great link on a show two to four tomorrow afternoon.
That'll get that number down a little bit.
Just when you thought it wasn't possible.
Anyway, if we had some bad news earlier about that,
the cheer, much of explosions in London,
and at least 40 people that it's going to be a lot more
than that over a thousand injured,
most of them very seriously, by the way.
Al Qaeda and Iraq said in a web statement today
is killed Egypt stop envoy in Iraq,
posting a video of the blindfolded diplomat
identifying himself.
You know, before the Iraq attack,
how do we call hearing about any terrorism in Iraq?
I could maybe I'm missing something.
How do we call hearing any news stories,
reading anything, hearing anything,
stepping on anything that said,
hey, guess what?
There's a bunch of terrorism going on in Iraq.
We announced in the Al Qaeda in Iraq,
what does that mean?
We announced in the Al Qaeda in Iraq
that the virtue of God against the ambassador
of the Infidel, the ambassador of Egypt
has been carried out.
Thank God a written statement in the web posting said.
How do you like that?
So now he's dead.
There's a bunch of people in London dead.
And it's a damn good thing that the birds in the
Americans are spending all of that time in money
and putting all their soldiers,
all their resources into Iraq,
which of course had nothing to do with terrorism,
nothing to do with 9-11,
and nothing to do with Al Qaeda or Sami Yamama.
How we do we got him yet?
How about Al Zarkawi?
Good old Al?
How we got Al yet?
No.
And what about Mula Bula Omar?
And all these other ones.
And also my hearing.
No.
Got any of those people.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
As put on our website,
that documented me like I said,
my timing couldn't possibly be worse.
I've actually nobody has watched that thing yet.
Did George talk about yesterday?
Do we know?
I'm sure he did.
I'm sure he leaned on it.
Possibly.
Maybe.
See, that's the problem.
We have no, we have,
and with all due respect to you guys,
there is nobody there now who's associated with a show.
I feel like I'm like farting into a wind storm
with all respect, Joyce.
I'd like to hear how that would sound,
but of course we can't do that no more.
But I just, I have that feeling.
But anyway, on our website,
on yourrudge.com,
it's the most important thing we ever put on there.
I'm begging.
I know you won't watch it.
But at least I'm trying to do my part.
It's the best documentary I've seen about this insanity.
This bunch of madman fashions
that are running the US today
and about this whole fully war in Iraq.
It's all there for it.
Laser right out there in front of your face
and about Prescott Bush and his financial aid.
They hitler in the Nazis.
And how he used in one of his Polish companies
used slave labor from the Polish concentration camp.
That was granddaddy, baby.
And that was only the beginning.
The World of Kroinder Bush
it's on their parts one and two.
It's a two hour documentary.
It was on the CBC last October.
They repeated it Sunday night.
I was lucky enough to find it.
We stuck it on our website.
Erick, but a lot of hard work into it.
Is anybody watching?
No, no, no, no pictures on there anymore.
Neil God talk about desperate.
But then again, you know,
we've done these appearances over the years.
We've met a lot of you folks.
And we understand you know what I mean?
Yeah, that's desperate.
A federal judge ordered New York Times
reported Judith Miller jail for content of court yesterday
for refusing to testify to a grand jury
investigating the leak of a CIA operative's name.
She was taken into custody immediately
if not sooner.
How do you like that?
That will teach her to sell out by the way on the war.
She's another one.
Even though this is not the appropriate reason
to be putting her in jail.
But just for being part of the bankrupt media,
I guess that's good enough.
Serving right Judith bitch.
Miller faces up to four months in jail.
The length of time before the term of the federal grand jury
in the case expires.
We have to follow the law.
US District Judge Thomas Hogan said
no relation to the uncle's John Hogan.
If she were given a pass today,
then the next person could say
as a matter of principle,
I want to be the law because of the abortion issue
or the election of a president or whatever.
They could claim the high moral ground
and then we could descend into anarchy.
I thought we already had that time magazine reporter Matthew Cooper
who also faced the old time with spirit confinement
after agreeing to testify.
He was singing by the parliaments.
I want to testify.
I've got to hear somewhere.
If you want to give me about a half hour to find it,
go for it.
Now Robert Cutner writes into Boston and Globe.
I wonder if he's getting to my cutner.
He used to play for her cane baseball thing, you think?
Politics paints probes CIA League
and most Americans with a brain,
which is about how many of us?
We want to know why Bob Novak isn't in jail yet.
You fascist, you piece of turn you.
And not only that,
why aren't the editors of the Washington Post
who are so busy beating their chest about woodward
and burn stain and water,
gait and deep throat, all of that crap?
How come they're not in jail?
Because the outing of a CIA operative is a federal crime.
And all the newspapers that published that column
from the Chicago Sun Times and Washington Post,
there and whoever's responsible for that,
the editors and publishers,
they ought to be in jail right there with Bob Novak.
They ought to be on death row for high crimes
and treason and Mr. Mears.
Robert Cutner writes,
and Miguel get upset because I'm going to read a column
where it's too bad.
Bozo.
And not only that,
but of course what does it have to do with Cuba?
Something stinks to high heaven about sending New York Times
you purged your unit's military jail.
Miller refused to be trace of the CIA
and interviewed and tried to learn who leaked the name
of a CIA agent to conservative pundit Robert Novak.
You fascist, you Nazi bastard, you liar.
The backstory on July 12, 2003,
Novak published a column in the Washington Post
blowing the cover of CIA operative Valerie Plains
citing two high administration officials as his sources.
Plains husband is former ambassador Joseph Wilson
which if you watch the documentary,
you'll understand the whole unraveling of that deal,
what they did to him and what they smeared him and outed his wife
because that was payback for telling the truth
about the yellow cake uranium that supposedly
was sought and bought from Niger
when it never made any such deal.
So you come back to the US and tell the truth,
we're going to get you and your wife.
How do you like that, Joe?
Plains husband is former ambassador Joseph Wilson
who had undertaken his secret mission
had to be requested to the CIA
to investigate what proved to be a fake story
about the government of Niger providing nuclear material
to Sodom Hussein.
The Niger story figured prominently
in Bush's justification for war
and his disperagement of U.N. weapons inspectors,
including Hans Blix by the way,
even though it already had been disproven by Wilson's mission.
Wilson now retired with so appalled
that the administration's misuse of a discredited story
that he went public with his information.
Just like David K. by the way,
the weapons inspector who resigned that after they lied
about his findings over there
and Bush's last state of union address.
The administration's leak to Novak,
outing Wilson's wife,
Plain was part of a clumsy campaign
to discredited and punish Wilson.
The administration line was that Plain supposedly suggested
Wilson for the Niger assignment
though that allocation has ever been confirmed.
It is a felony for a public official
to expose the identity of CIA agent.
After Novak's column was published,
Democrats in Congress demanded and got the administration
to name a special counsel to investigate the leak.
Attorney General John Ashcroff recused himself.
He is deputy named Chicago U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald,
supposedly a man of high principal and unblemished reputation,
supposedly being the operative word.
Fitzgerald interviewed many people.
He ultimately went after two reporters
who had worked on the story of who had leaked to Novak.
They were Miller of the Times,
and Matt Cooper of Time Magazine,
both now facing Jail.
Miller is already there,
and the other one, of course, copped out
as early as this week,
this Thursday, and a couple days ago.
Both are reviewed in his close sources,
despite court orders obtained by Fitzgerald.
The Times has stood behind Miller.
Time Warner Management last week,
shamefully, caved in and turned over notes to the prosecutor.
The Supreme Court is inclined to review the case.
But what about Novak?
What about Novak?
He obviously knows who leaked the name to him.
Why is Miller,
who never even wrote an article going to jail,
if anyone should be threatened with contempt,
and courted his Bob Novak?
There are only two possibilities.
Either Novak did tell a prosecutor,
the names of the officials who leaked the name,
and the prosecutor is going to go easy on them,
or Novak refused,
and the prosecutor is going easy on Novak.
Either explanation, leaks of favoritism,
selective prosecution, and cover-up,
and both are unacceptable.
One leading suspect of having leaked claims identity
is the President Chief Political Advisor, Karl Rove.
Given how utterly MacAvelian Rove is,
readers who take pressure ports
of Fitzgerald's pristine independence-advanced value
are touchingly naive.
Given the stakes,
you really think this administration
would let adjusted tomorrow an official.
Just pick some highly independent prosecutor
to launch a wide-ranging probe,
one that could let Novak,
a reliable administration toady,
and the Chummy High Officials Novak talks to say,
Roe v. Vice President Dick Cheney?
No, is it an accident that this investigation,
rather than, and by the way, speaking of Dick Cheney,
wasn't Dick Cheney last week,
who was telling us about the insurgency,
was like, right, right, and its death throw.
Is it like any waning days, huh?
It's waning over here?
And everybody said, oh, who said that?
Nor is it an accident that this investigation,
rather than fingering whoever inside the administration
broke the law by outermy Valerie Plymouth,
instead putting the squeeze on two news organizations
that just happened to have been critical
of the Bush administration,
Time Magazine in New York Times,
and by extension, the entire press corps,
which is what they do the best, intimidate.
There is no federal pressure,
you law, protecting the right to report,
is to protect sources,
though several states have such laws,
and the Supreme Court in the five to four decisions
back in 172 rejected the contention
that the First Amendment implicitly
gives reporters immunity from betraying sources.
As a result, reporters remain vulnerable
to selective prosecutorial harassment
in the past to press this taken big risks
to pursue the public interest,
and this restricted prosecutor's demands to betray sources.
Some prosecutors and judges have trod lightly,
balancing the First Amendment against other public imperatives,
though others disdain the idea of journalist privilege
and some reporters have indeed served jail time.
This case is particularly outrageous
because a partisan prosecutor is training his guns
on the Ron Culperts because the whole affair
smells of politics,
and because the press as a whole has been far too intimidated,
instead of standing with the times
and turning a bright spotlight on Fitzgerald and Bobby Novak.
Bobby Novak, best known for saying,
press fire!
Is that what he's best known for?
Not any more, of course.
Now that he finally spurred us to payments
of that turkey off the air,
I think CNN's going out of business.
Wouldn't that be great?
Let's hear it for CNN!
Right out of business!
There's stickin' that CNN international crap on air
like in the middle of the day,
to cut back Judy Woodruff got,
she made an exit and the bill hummer.
Hey Bill, how you doing?
You fairly, I made a quick exit all of a sudden?
No, whether or not this was suicide bombers
or whether this was simply packages left
on the bus and in the underground stations.
See, they don't know that.
Remember you asked me before the show about that Miguel
about whether it was like suicide bombers
or just packages left to...
Chew!
You know?
They don't know yet.
They don't know nothing as a matter of fact.
Part of the worst deal in this thing,
just like when the second tower,
wasn't evacuated on 9-11,
the same kind of incompetence,
there were trains, somebody trains that left the station
after the first bombs went off.
Wouldn't you have thought that they would have said,
hey, everybody stop all the trains and get everybody off?
Wouldn't you have thought that?
Nah.
Just like they would have evacuated all of the second tower
at the World Trade Center instead of saying,
oh, it's under control, everybody go back.
Right.
They are really doing the forerite to us.
From minutes after 11,
I feel like I'm talking like extra duty here
because we only have an hour or 20 minutes before that Marlon
free game show.
That is going to be quite a deal again.
Do you believe me?
No.
Oh yeah, it's pivotal.
So let's see, what did Washington do last night?
They were losing 4-3 when I watched it.
They lost.
They lost.
So the Marlins are 7-0.
See, I'm starting to pay some serious attention.
That's going to be like, I'll start break, close to it.
I'm starting to get a little bit on that baseball band.
Wagon plus there's nothing else going on.
It's pretty boring, summertime blues.
They still have a shot.
I sure, we got a shot, baby.
Washington's playing really good.
They're like 18 or 19 games over 500.
Who would have thought, huh?
As people ought to be shot, say, who would have thought it?
And I do want to shoot anybody who says that.
I can't stand that.
And they're broadcast, they're Mel Proctor, man.
Now there's a guy.
How come when he was available, the Marlins get this rich walled sky
who's like one step out of a cherry shy-roast.
They ought to get him a feeding tube or something.
A dead man in a chair.
And the Washington Nationals, they get Mel Proctor.
He just tremendous.
Excellent.
But nevertheless, what do we know?
It's 11-13 at 5-60 WQA.
And for you.
The radio is what the Q4QA has.
The K-2s are all gone.
I can't go back.
I can't stand out.
I need to take care.
I've got two to get some.
I'm on a good fight.
Oh, thank God.
Our Albany blind.
You used to be.
Twenty-fourths would do it now.
It takes them to.
I'm ready to say screw it all with gasoline.
Wish we didn't use it.
I've got no cash.
I'll spend it all again.
Take it down deep.
Cause I got no cash.
You can't do it.
You gotta make it last.
I got cash.
It's so low.
Greatest thing.
I'm gonna need a ton.
So.
11-18 at QM.
What's with all those lines flashing all of a sudden?
I'm paying any attention.
Is there got like a agenda here today?
WQA-M, hello.
Out, kind of lower.
WQA-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
For the past five years, I've been eating breakfast at 7-10.
And lunch at McDonald's.
Yeah, okay.
Congratulations.
WQA-M, hello.
See, I knew that these clothes were gonna be good.
And you know how we eat?
Great.
Never better, Pally.
The sun is shining.
The sky is clear.
It's a great day in Paradise.
Yeah, you're right to sell.
Listen, the reason Novak is not being persecuted is because he's a real...
Persecuted or prosecuted?
Prosecuted.
He should be persecuted, but...
But the thing is that he's already still the being.
He was one of the first ones to testify for.
So I think what they're trying to do is corroborate what he said, you know?
Because I'm sure he's...
He ran out of anybody.
Because that guy...
No, that's the thing he wants to do to jail.
Yeah.
Oh, they have a good time with him and they're all telling you that.
Oh, they should.
I don't even...
I don't even do something just to get him and eat the hell out of him.
Listen, I called on a couple of days ago and I kind of criticized George for playing music.
But I didn't mean it that way.
Because he's...
What I like is when he talks, you know?
And he does not have a religion and stuff like that.
But when he plays...
I mean...
I'm going to apologize for ripping out the crappy plays on here.
I understand them, but you know, I don't interfere.
I let him do whatever he wants because I appreciate the fact that I don't have to work all those days.
So if he wants to like go...
Move him with us for four hours.
What do I hear?
That's great.
I'll be the crap out of that juice and toast and I'm letting the spinach and potato.
It's...
They didn't have a question.
Lisa?
I heard you talking about...
We're saying...
Where is this myth that...
We're...
Here...
So I'm just by, you know, the Spanish people that this is fever about baseball.
These people do not care about that.
Let me ask you about...
What is your ethnic background?
You sound Hispanic to me?
Oh, I am.
I'm from the Dominican Republic.
Oh, well, that's a whole horse of a different color.
No, and we like baseball, but I don't say that.
And the Dominican Republic does love baseball.
We have more friends than any of that in America.
But let me ask you this.
If you're so much into baseballs, how come all of us use you at the Haitian so-am?
Ah...
Yeah.
Ah-ha.
Ah-ha.
That's a good point.
Yeah, they work cheaper.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll see in Vimey with...
With Hannibal Lecter, Palli.
See, I told you that that place was in the Bahamas, Mon.
You could see by the rampant poverty in the squar.
Oh, come to the Bahamas and plunge your guts out.
Oh, you know something?
The way things have been going lately.
Maybe that's not a bad idea.
Our good friend Sean sends me some pools here.
Thank you, Sean.
Oh, who should have retired sooner?
I'm sure they're going to put...
Damn, come on!
Beyond that, believe me.
Well, I think that with all these rumors I'm hearing about the other place being sold.
560-505-60, pound-5-60, and we've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Nothing could get people more whipped up in this business and say, oh, the station being sold.
And any station like Exxon, Mobile, Amaco, and all of a sudden, you know who used to be vested
at that PD-Linnie?
Airweek, two, three days, yet another story about we were being sold at this one to CBS.
Remember that?
Yes.
Airweek.
Airweek, another day another story.
Hey, Penny, you jackass, you...
You're fair.
WQAM, hello.
Good one.
WQAM, hello.
You're people more whipped up in.
WQAM, hello.
I don't know how to tell you.
Yo, I got in the worst city for you.
I had to go to a business meeting in St. Louis.
The worst one?
St. Louis.
Oh, yeah, that's a toilet.
That's a dumb.
That was the worst place I've ever been in.
Okay, we'll get it on there.
Thanks.
I can't imagine what anybody would go on vacation in St. Louis for, though.
Can you?
You see the Cardinals?
Cardinals are red hot.
Cardinals in a white socks baby.
That's where it's at.
Oh!
And the Nats.
The Washington Nats.
And St. Louis said they admitted that there's 140 percent.
That's like only in the middle of June.
Forget about now.
And the mosquitoes are as big as bowling balls.
That is a nasty ass place.
St. Louis.
Line 9, QAM, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Is this Neil speaking?
Yes, it is.
Good morning, how are you?
I'm great.
Yes, I have a comment to make on this recent attack.
I'll lend them the owner if you coincide with me on this.
No, we'll slide first.
This is my personal belief.
I'm probably going to get hounded by a whole mind secured here.
But I think it's from within, like I've heard on your station before.
I think the enemy is from within.
I think this might be a bottom line could be conspiracy theory.
I think I'm crazy.
But I honestly believe it is to drum up support for...
Well, this isn't going to drum up any support.
What are you talking about?
I mean, 9-11.
What's your name?
How is it going to drum up support for what?
It'll drum up support for bushes, operations in the Middle East.
Absolutely not.
Why is that?
Because there's going to be a lot more spotlight on the fact that we've been wasting
spinning all of our wheels in Iraq while the wheeled terrorists are still on the loose
and we haven't done any kind of a job in getting the masterminds of all these attacks.
I don't see how it's going to drum up any support.
No, because it'll be a lot more innocent dead people.
I'll tell you why another reason it'll drum up.
It drums up fear, Mr. Rogers.
Well, there's no pressure on that.
That's the whole game plan is to keep the people scared.
They know that.
The fear is very powerful.
I honestly believe that now.
My right-wing friends think I'm crazy.
Well, if you have right-wing friends, maybe you are.
Good luck to us, Pally.
Hang in there.
See, I'm one of those people.
Call me a hard-ass, call me whatever you want to wear a whole ass.
I don't care.
But I just, I do not associate with people who are like these real right-wing,
rabid, crazy people.
I just, like George always says, I get nervous around crazy people.
Which is one of the good reasons that I'm not in that building anymore.
56670560, pound 560 and leave a rise in not to mention any names and sing it or wireless lines.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, good morning, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Neil, listen, I heard you this morning about the silence of the Williams.
Yeah.
At the end of that show, that street that he swaffled along, that's the only street to summit islands.
That is dimany.
No.
How many in the Bahamas?
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
Son, in other words, I was right again, huh?
Yes, sir.
And for OJ out in Kendall, there's a fate worse than death.
May he move next door to Gilbert?
Yeah, there you go.
Like I took it like a time up in a broom closet and just put it in a clockwork orange, okay?
Tai OJ in a broom closet.
Put that on real, real loud.
26 past 11, if I'm only an hour away from...
Oh, man, wireless baseball!
That works out.
What day is the book coming out?
July 27th.
The 27th.
Well, let's see what day of the week would that be.
Today is the 7th of 14th of 21st of 28th Wednesday.
I think you should come in and work special that day for Wednesday.
It's all right.
No.
In fact, maybe I'll take off that Thursday too, now that I'm thinking about it.
What are shame, too, because I think the 29th starts my vacation.
So I'm thinking right now, let's see, I could actually...
What day is it, the 27th?
Let me work on that.
I'm thinking about it.
26th after...
What?
I just don't think I want to be there for this book if you catch my drift.
I think it's going to be a real bar in the burner.
That's funny.
Did I say 11, 26th in the ballgame is just a pregame show,
it's only an hour and four minutes away.
Now, let me just suggest to you people out there that I can't get to watch that documentary,
the World of Corin De Bois, because it's so damn long.
Why you're listening to Marlins' Game on QIM?
Is it a televised game today or not?
Or should we say?
It's probably televised, yeah.
Oh, damn it.
Well, why you're listening to the game on QIM?
Sit there by your computer, because you can easily do that,
unless you're going to a coma, listen to Dave.
But every now and then, that boys will come out and I'll wait here again.
It's like a good balancer.
It's like the Yin and the Yang.
We got Dave and boring, but then we got Foxy Rossi,
a man who squeezed you back to the wake again.
Why are you doing that?
Watch this thing, please.
Please.
You won't, but I'm begging.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, the 8th is a word.
People are saying about ABC's mysterious new drama, Lost.
What is with the people on the island?
A dead guy comes back to life, a guy in a wheelchair can suddenly walk?
Yeah, and don't forget the kidnap girl who reappears out of nowhere.
And what was that?
Oh, that's the polar bear.
Polar bear?
This is a tropical island?
Or maybe it's not, because it's not just the passengers who are lost.
It's everyone who watches the show.
Don't, only people have mysterious secrets.
Everyone is so good looking.
You forgot the fat guy now, yeah.
Hey, what if he's a polar bear?
Oh, what if the polar bear is a hallucination?
Or a flashback?
Or a flashback over hallucination?
Or maybe the show's wenders are just as lost as everyone else?
What is the announcer talking about?
He could be a hallucination?
Or a flashback?
Your vote will.
I'm the polar bear.
20 until no, man.
I'll tell you we met our speed it up.
There is a president standing behind Tony Blair looking like a mannequin and Madame Tussauds.
Or human life.
There you go.
Well, that goes the cable.
This is a, what is that?
Oh, here it goes.
Lost my cable there for a minute.
Your cable went out and it's not stormant, is it?
Because we got that ballgame coming up.
Report, I had was that it's just fine as GI wine.
I don't know, let me look at the window.
Go look at the window and see what it's like.
Beautiful outside.
It's beautiful, man.
Get out to the ballgame.
You got no excuses today.
Go out there and kill a couple of hours, okay?
Have some of them marginal hot dogs.
Have some of that marginal food at the stadium.
Oh, sorry, it's great, we love it.
Little Kim sends to a year and I can't believe that they took the car well out.
Was that a two-story or did somebody forget the outcome of that?
I don't know.
You're coming stuff again.
We had a discussion about that.
What they we need is a cold stone creamery there.
Just don't get the cake batter ice cream because anybody puking all over the first baseline.
What happened was sponsors changed.
Yeah.
So I'm assuming they got in there now.
E.D.C.s.
Like I said, let's get, oh, E.D.s.
Wow.
I thought you said they had ice cream.
Little Kim sends to a year and a day in prison $50,000 fine for lying to grand jury.
That'll teach that bitch.
Grammy-winning rapper Little Kim was sentenced yesterday to a year and a day in prison
and find $50,000 for lying to a federal grand jury to protect friends involved in a 2001 shootout
outside of Manhattan radio station.
You know, this whole idea about gangster rap.
I was sitting on the throne the other day and of course when you're on the throne you start.
Your mind starts racing in all kinds of directions, mostly downhill.
But I start thinking about this whole concept of the media legitimizing gangster rap.
What is that?
You know?
I mean, suppose like Steve Lawrence and E.D.C. were made were singing records 50 years ago about killing people.
They were about shooting me.
And is that what you call progress?
Motown.
Oh, well look what happened to Marvin Gaye.
You've got a list that'll teach him to be gay.
While many rappers have served time in prison, Little Kim is the first big name female to do so.
She's in the arapidate.
Little Kim was really mischambulity Jones.
Could have gotten up to 20 years.
Five years each on three counts of perjury.
Look how to conspiracy their sentencing before U.S. District Judge Gerard Lynch.
She was convicted of the charges in March.
Year in a day in prison at $50,000 fine for lying to grand jury.
Small potatoes.
Speaking of small potatoes with a big ass,
Judge gives Limbaugh medical records to investigators.
But Judge yesterday gave similar rest limbaugh's medical records to prosecutors,
allowing their long-stalled investigation to whether they conservative commentator,
the hypocrite to phony baloney pill popping right wing jackass, illegally purchased painkillers to move forward.
Circuit court Judge Thomas Barkthal the turd also returns some of Limbaugh's records to his attorney Roy Black.
Black had argued that the judge had limited records prosecutors can review because they contained privilege,
even embarrassing details about medical procedures, symptoms and other issues that were unrelated to criminal investigation.
Now what could that possibly be all about?
Embarrassing.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Civil Humanity, talk so host, Temroyd suffer.
Folks, over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you theirs help.
With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellent supositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotis you,
just for my picture on the box of supositories and the applicator to you.
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
Did that man say, you, I think he did.
Papa, come on a moral Rush, you phony, you finger pointing hypocrite man, there's nothing worse than a hypocrite.
Especially a right wing hypocrite, but I apologize for my redundancy.
After a hearing yesterday, Black State, he believed the records given to the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office,
would not support a criminal charge against his client.
Limbaugh's maintained his innocence throughout the investigation, which became public in November 2003,
after investigators used search warrant to seize his medical records.
The records show that Mr. Limbaugh received legitimate medical treatment for legitimate medical reasons, Black said in the statement.
Prosecutors had said the records approved that Limbaugh engaged in doctors shopping,
or illegally deceiving multiple doctors to receive overlapping prescriptions.
The review of those records now goes forward in earnest,
despite the many efforts of the Israeli investigation over the past 19 months,
the State Attorney's Office said yesterday in a statement.
The records are main seal since that investigator seized them in 2003.
Limbaugh lost at the circuit and a public court levels in the Florida Supreme Court to claim to hear the case,
but his appeal successfully put off the investigation for more than 19 months,
while his hearing came back.
Remember they actually had to do an operation to open up his eardrums again,
because he would like all the colors.
Huh? What? What is it?
And at, of course, then we find out the Oxycontinant.
One of the side effects on top of all the impurities is that he must have just been a coincidence when you think, what?
Prosecutors seized the medical records after reading that Limbaugh received about 2,000 painkillers
from four doctors in six months at Palm Beach Pharmacy nearest Ocean Front Mansion.
On Wednesday, Blacks said, oh no!
On Wednesday, Blacks said only 1863 of the pills Limbaugh received were painkillers,
and they were to be taken over a period of 217 days, which equals the lawful,
those averaging out to more than just eight pills a day.
Limbaugh's accused Palm Beach County State Attorney, very crisher,
a Democrat, of a fishing expedition that's politically motivated.
Limbaugh acknowledged an addiction to pain medication,
attributing it to severe back pain, and took a five-week leave from his afternoon radio show
and a rehab in October, 2000, truth, not long enough.
Lier, lunatic, maniac.
But here's some good news.
And well, that's actually good news, too, the fact that the adjudge says the records are out.
Here's some even better news.
A Kentucky judge has provisionally approved the largest payout yet in the US Catholic Church abuse scandal.
All right.
In Kentucky, I guess the few then pre-Scott lucky in Kentucky, huh?
Sound like it.
And there's a couple of other words that go along with that, but joy certainly would not approve.
There's settlement between a diocese in the state and an unknown number of sexual abuse victims amounts to a record $120 million.
Those of you stuckers that keep going to church on Sunday and put your money into play, this is what you're subsidizing.
You're paying off all of these child molesting priests, that's what you're subsidizing,
the most corrupt institution on the face of the globe.
The class action suititudes of the church are covering up child abuse by priests in others over 50 years.
The scandalous cost of church more than a billion dollars in payouts since 1950 now, more than a billion.
You know, it's really interesting, although it's people singing at that big live eight crack over the weekend trying to raise the attention of the G8 and the this eight and everybody else ate eating over there in Africa, and trying to help raise a few bucks.
There's a billion dollars that the Catholic Church could have that helps starving people in Africa, where by the way they're very busy brainwashing people about not using condoms and not the birth control set them and so on, helping to make sure that a lot more people die.
In the Kentucky case, the diocese in coming in will have to make $40 million available immediately from its assets if the payout is confirmed by the judge John W. Potter, the hearing said for January.
The diocese is suing insurance companies for the remaining $80 million.
And that lovely, they're suing the insurance companies.
One of the plaintiffs in court was Richard Lilux 63, who said he was first molested in 1957.
I can't imagine anything better from our point of view if he said of the stuff.
I'm going to see the scribes in an attempt to root out a very grotesque cancer that's been eating at the diocese for years and years.
The judges ordered an attorney to determine exactly how many people qualify for compensation, picked them seven till November to file claims,
and put the intetular awards of between $5,450,000, depending on the severity of their ordeal.
Last year, a court commissioned by the church said more than 4,000 U.S. Roman Catholic priests had faced sexual abuse and allegations in the last 50 years, incasions involving more than 10,000 children, mostly boys.
Mostly little boys. How do you like that?
I wonder if Miss Kamala is a Catholic.
What comes to it is in your head.
And it is real writers, real writers, it is in your head.
4,000 U.S.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
He is the greatest singer of the world as ever known.
And now, he has created the greatest fragrance of the world we'll ever smell.
Seline Bafi.
Hello, this year is Celine Dion.
And my older will go on, yet?
If you ever thought desire to smell like Celine Dion after she sweats on stage for three hours, now you can with Celine Bafi.
Hey, get some clothes and get some on the neck of my perfume.
Celine Bafi.
The sense you will think that makes about as much sense as her English.
Oh, good, it smells, no?
Inspired by her music, Celine Bafi.
Is the Titanic audio for the beauty who wants to smell like a piece?
So run, don't walk for my perfume to the store you should go, yet?
Celine Bafi.
When it comes to celebrity brand extension built on ice, this one really stinks.
Like my music.
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it by a wee wee.
And I always not play that, because here's the fact that she says,
Celine Dion was booed loudly during her live eights said in Berry Canada because she failed to perform on stage live.
And instead being your performance via satellite from Las Vegas where she plays nightly, it sees her as palace.
Constant co-host Ann Acquid had begged the crowd to stop booing her, taking to the stage and saying,
No, no, be proud of Celine Dion.
She's here to help and entertain us. She's working hard.
Right. We hate you, Celine.
I didn't actually get to see it, but the idea of Ann Acquid begging people to stop booing Celine Dion.
It's one of the greatest things I can imagine just thinking about it makes me pee my pants in delight.
Actually, I'm just peeing my pants, but I figured it's good one.
Excellent. If you like that fact, wait till you're the next one.
I did you tell duct and you shared with this other fact with duct? No, not yet.
No.
Well, you hear about this.
You better grasp the end result of that scene very tightly now, okay?
What's your seatbelt on?
Let me preface it because you've had this ongoing mystery.
QM, which for the last couple of months, which has been a source of some distraction and aggravation and irritation,
because there are certain people who are just aggravating and irritating and irritating.
By the way, it's chopped off there at the end, but it's day-free, because you can tell by the header on his face,
so we're right off the bat, you know who it is.
Dear Neil, I would like to admit my guilt.
It was me all along, and as if there lately has been any doubt about that.
It was me all along. There was no lie or duff, fat boy or Peter Leonard, just me.
This is how the whole event transpired in a nutshell.
I was listening as I had been for nearly 25 years, and you said something that pissed me off,
so since you were no longer reading my faxes, I decided to go under an assumed name to express the true feeling about you by the staff at QYM, not Jeff Hyde.
Anyway, Jeff Hyde, and then this course comes on the heels of fat boy making this mysterious appearance,
and they're not once but twice this morning before the show, which, thank goodness I haven't heard that that cackled on a long, long time.
That fat piece of turd, it says, Jeff had nothing to do with the forest.
It was only me until the end when Jeff told me about your haircut when he ran into you in the elevator.
If he ran into me in the elevator, I got news for you.
It would have been like Hiroshima all over again.
If he ran into anybody, if he ran into Maddie Bell, it would be at least like a small atomic bomb.
Then here comes the best part. Jeff wants to be your friend and blames me.
For the fact you no longer work from the station with regards, your regrets, your friend, day-freedmen, all over just as...
Is that chopped off on just my faxes at the way it came in? No, I have docked off.
Doh, as in Dave, as if we don't know who docked is.
How do you like that, Doh?
Pretty good.
Jeff wants to be your friend.
No. Well, no thanks. El Paso, okay? Just stay out of our studio, stay the hell away, okay?
You're still the same fat piece of third and we don't want you anywhere around.
Hate you like poison. George hates you, I hate you, Miguel hates you.
Even Duff hates you but he won't say it. Right.
Really? All right! That was excellent.
That was a real moment right there. That was special.
How do you like that, fat boy? You don't sell this show anyway.
So quick, quick hobbling around around your cane, you fat tub of lard.
You're going to be dead soon anyway. Pretty soon we hope.
And quick like conspiring with your boyfriend, Naomi, you talk about a sick relationship.
Twisted, I can only wonder what the two of them are doing.
What fat boys doing with that cane? Him and his buddy.
Welcome.
A latent, I was speaking to that latent.
A latent but growing resentment here in Aruba have become evident for the first time in more than 200 people.
I don't know why I'm reading this story. I got so much other stuff I got a half hour to go.
But everybody in the media is getting, this is the story, Doh, as you were all supposed to care about this bitch that disappeared.
And Aruba and forget about the shoe and worry more about Aruba, right?
Even though we just had this grotesque.
Oh, there's kind of Lisa who says.
Yeah, okay. No comment boy. I know what I'm thinking though.
Wow. Maybe she could take her right on the old shoe.
A latent but growing resentment in Aruba became evident for the first time in more than 200 people.
Some wrapped in a ruban flags said that were incensed by statements made by the mother of a missing American teen.
Those assembled outside the colonial courthouse in this Caribbean capital.
What is orange instead? Is that the name of the joint? Orange instead?
I told you people don't go to the Caribbean.
I'll write. In fact, somebody should have told that bitch too.
And we're going to have all this countertimes going on.
People said they fear their tiny alimation is fostered being portrayed as not doing enough to find Natalie Holloway.
The Alabama girl of Venice made 30.
A lot of 30 men.
And they would have been held the suspects release money for lack of evidence.
In a brief and tearful statement too, they have been thinking it was, I thought she was spastic.
Man, do you see that thing? The mother?
Like that, like a maniac.
Bet Holloway, Tweetie.
I wonder if she's came to Conway, Tweetie, I think?
No. Sounds kind of shmitty.
Bet Holloway, Tweetie, Natalie's mother accused the woman of letting guilty people free.
Two suspects were released yesterday who were involved in a violent crime against my daughter.
She said these criminals are not only being allowed to walk around among the tourist and citizens of Aruba,
but there were no limits on where they could go.
The protesters took umbrage with those statements.
Respect our Dutch laws that go home right one side.
Innocent until proven guilty read another.
One suggested the missing girl might not be dead, but partying in Brazil and nearby Venice, Waila.
There were complaints that some American television coverage unfairly depicted the island,
which depends overwhelmingly on tourism, and is being crime and drug-ridden.
Though poverty is widespread in the Caribbean, Aruba has an unemployment rate less than 1%.
And one of the higher standards is the living. It's not like Bimini.
Oh man. What a dump that in Nassau.
Ever been in Nassau?
Yes.
I'm not talking about the casino part. I'm talking about downtown Nassau.
Ever been in there?
Yep.
You going back?
Okay.
Love the behind.
How come I haven't put that on this?
I haven't been talking about the pool too much. We don't have time.
It's not real sexy pool.
I'm sure that brought that cold Tuesday.
Oh, it is pool. It's so boring.
That is boring as you, honey.
Oh, they got 267 votes. So obviously they don't care about the pool.
That's all right.
But put the Bahamas on there.
Or put in Nassau.
That's be more specific.
Okay?
Can Nassau?
Because we don't want to piss off our friends in the report.
A vacation price I've visited, but would never go back to, is Detroit.
50.
The Motor City.
Boy, those are the days, man.
I'm music.
CKMW.
Yeah. No more.
No more.
What's that?
Dallas.
Oh, geez.
They don't want to go back there.
If you're only people that go to Dallas, want to go to the Texas Schoolbook Depository,
which is now a museum, and they go up there and they buy all the government propaganda
in the Warren Commission and see where Lee Harvey Oswald, Scott Kennedy, and stuff like that.
I went.
Anyway.
Yes?
I went.
Yeah.
Why?
Come on.
Oh, you went to the Schoolbook Depository.
I absolutely did.
And?
Oh, it's so historic.
I mean, of course I had to go.
Well, so is Niagara Falls.
You're going there too.
Don't go back.
I'm not going back.
Don't go to Niagara Falls, man.
A fool in his money are soon parted.
It's one of those deals where they're only taking.
I remember one time, once I was seven years ago, a bad night of the track.
And I said, did they actually cash tickets here?
They just take your money.
You know, it's one of those things.
Oh, sorry, Dick Feinberg.
Oh, it's speaking to that.
I started to ask an hour ago.
But when you have Alzheimer's kicking in like what's his name?
Admiral Stockdale, which you notice Miguel finally found out card.
Yes, Admiral Stockdale, who wanted to be vice-president, but had little Alzheimer's.
Hey, listen, if it was good enough for Reagan, why not for him, right?
You have it too.
Now, what was I just thinking about?
Just there's a second.
See, I forgot already.
I forgot what I was going to say.
It's the second time.
That's twice.
I just had it on the tip of my tongue.
You knew you distracted me.
Anyway, Detroit 51.
Los Angeles 44.
Miami 42.
What's it?
Miami will win.
Nobody wants to go back to Miami under any circumstances.
If they gave us $4,000 in small bills and said, hey, have a great time in Miami.
Where, how would you go anywhere?
I've been downtown, of course.
Miami 42, Jamaica 34.
Niagara Falls has got.
About 30, man.
Paris 22, Atlanta 21.
Oh, and I know what I was going to ask about.
I was saying about the permutials.
Remember the judge, our good judge, Mo.
I go and Mo.
And he said they can go ahead and they can, I've been scouring for any further story, any more news on it.
If the seventh of July on my calendar today, where's the update?
Where's the, what's going on?
I know we just finished our holiday weekend, but it's the seventh of July.
Where's the beef?
Where's the update?
Where's the follow-up?
In other words, the judge said they had to go ahead and do it and then they appealed.
And, but it beat, but it blew, and now what?
Anyway, I'm just asking.
Niagara Falls 30, Paris 22, Atlanta 21, London 10, Vegas 10, Honolulu 4, Hamburg 3, St. Louis 1,
Madison, Copenhagen, both have got the big.
Oh, see, when Niagara Falls, you know, it's nice to see once in your lifetime.
And when you come right down to it, it's a bunch of water pushing over a bunch of rocks.
You know, you, you know, you, you had probably set that up in your bathroom.
You know, gotten the yarn and get a bunch of rocks and then put, put them in the sink and turn on the faucet.
And you'd have like a mini-sure at Niagara Falls right there in your bathroom.
Right?
That is exciting.
No, it's just, it's nice to see once and then there are absolutely no reason to go back.
But the light.
There were complaints that some American television coverage unfairly depicted the island as being their cryover.
I already read that.
So that's a rouba and the hell with them.
Stay out of the Caribbean if you're smart.
That's my best advice. Do not go there.
Now, a rouba, they're big claim to famous they got gambling.
That's the big thing.
Other than that, stay the hell out.
That great Dutch food.
That great Dutch cuisine.
I'll tell you one thing, Jacques, you're rock.
Even when I agree with what you said the other day, those two, I wonder, I didn't really check out who voted on that committee.
But the two Finnish members, the voting committee picking the two, two thousand and twelve Olympic site,
there were two members from Finland on there.
And so we said that Finland had worse food even than the Brits.
And I wonder, I can't imagine that they voted for gay parerie.
Can you?
No.
This story I love, James Henry Smith was his Ellis Pittsburgh Steelers fan in life,
even death couldn't keep him from his favorite spot in a recliner in front of TV showing his beloved team in action.
This is perfect for QAM, for our sports nerds.
Smith 55 of a Pittsburgh diet of prostate cancer last week, because his death wasn't unexpected,
his family was able to plan for an unusual viewing Tuesday night.
The Samuel E. Coste and Fieneru Home erected a small stage in a viewing room
and arranged furniture on it as it was in Smith's home on Game Day Sundays.
Smith's body was on the recliner, his feet crossed and it remote in his hand.
He wore black and gold silk pajamas, slippers and a robe,
a pack of cigarettes and a beer, a beer, a side, while a high definition TV played a continuous loop of Steelers' highlights.
Oh, thank God it was HD.
This is a dead man, okay, it's like Don Eimes, a dead man and a chair.
I couldn't stop crying after looking at the Steeler blanket in his life,
said a sister Mary Ann Neill, 58.
He loved football and nobody did anything until the game went off, was like he was at home.
Long time friend Mary Jones called the viewing a celebration.
I saw it and I couldn't even cry, she said, people will see him the way he was.
Smith's barrel plans a little more traditional, have he laid the rest in a task?
Just get a task that he's going into cancer.
Is that pathetic or what? That is definitive QAM and that's our crowd, right there, that's it.
Speaking of sports, don't forget, come on up.
I felt pretty well in pretty good condition.
Can't wait, can't out wait, I'm going to go out and have a two lunches today, just to celebrate.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Sick of Michael Jackson, Tom Cruise-Katey Holmes and Whitney Houston's long battle with Crack.
Sick of eerie, Paris Hilton's voice.
And how can I take Brad back?
Sick of the Ocent Twins and hearing Lizzy Loin lost so much weight, she's not just bones.
Don't want to hear about Ben Affleck or when Russell Crowe starts throwing bones.
The stars, the whole effort sees our own way to travel, pay silly and obscene.
Always on the cover of the tabloid, maggots seems I've got my own troubles like them.
If a fan in Jessica is a little nicked, or what new one thinks she'll at least say anything.
Sick of seeing Whitney, then be more camera-d is and boyfriend Justin Timberlake.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I think that's just said the Dallas, I don't see it on a polar.
Miguel, and New York City, how can I haven't put New York on there yet?
I'm sure there are a lot of people like me, I've been New York many, many times, am I going bad?
No, this year? No.
Next year, four weeks from Sookist? No. New York.
It's one of those things that we want to be able to use to be.
That's number one. And number two, I don't know.
What's you see at the first 600 times, that's pretty much it.
When it's pot versus pet there's a bad trip in store.
Los Angeles, when tank a three-year-old male pit bull mixed arrived with his owner at a veterinary office in Humboldt County,
his jaws packed with white powder was clear that something was seriously wrong.
Earlier, tanked mysteriously-consumbed and tar box of baking soda, I'd behavior even for an animal with famously indiscriminate eating habits.
But more disturbing was tanks demeanor.
He said, trembling, his front leg stuck out at an awkward angle, his dilated eyes fixed on this point.
A check of the heart revealed a coma like 32 beats per minute far below normal.
Joseph Humboldt, the attendee veterinarian, suspected poisoning, but from what?
The dog's owner pleaded ignorance. Tanked distracted wasn't saying.
A few minutes later, the mystery was solved.
The guy called me right back and said, Doc, I know what happened, Humboldt recalls, that I'll eat some pot.
Kind of a lot of pot.
Merrowan is action on humans as well understood.
Once it's psychoactive agent, a THC is carried from the lungs or stomach by the blood of the brain.
It binds to nerve cells and activates the brain's pleasure centers, kind of like hoggandas banana nut ice cream.
Effects include sensory sensitivity, motor impairment and increased desire for Doritos.
The plants effect on canines is considerably less than I.
Even if you've grams can cause staggering vomiting, urinary incontinence in severe cases, seizures and coma.
Oh my god.
Some people may enjoy pot, but I assure you dogs do not humble says, don't be given pot to your dogs.
Okay, you maniacs you lunatics.
Unless they're pit bulls.
Although no stature kept in marijuana poisoning, the nation's keen on to pot ratio reveals potential for a problem.
The American pet products manufacturers association estimates that 43 million U.S. households include a drug.
More than 25 million Americans fast up under 2000's regoverment survey of having used marijuana at least once in the previous year.
In Northern California, which is believed to have the highest concentration of medical marijuana users in the country and where pot calibration is a popular hobby,
that's face a preponderance of such cases with some attending a several zonk dog's a week.
I'd hear like that.
Huh?
And speaking of dog stories, fetching terrier killed when firecracker explodes in mouth.
Great, I hate when that happens, don't you?
Okay.
Stuart, this is in Florida, of course.
The hyperactive little Jack Russell terrier named Kaylee would chase anything thrown her way.
But that's a kind of dog the queen likes, right?
The queen of England that is, to be specific.
She likes Jack Russell terriers.
And to the horror of several adults and children at the Kalanoski family July 4th picnic,
she did exactly that with a powerful firecracker thrown into a yard.
Yeah, she just had chased it.
No charges were expected to be found in the death of the dog, yet to the firecracker exploded in her mouth.
I lost a family member Joseph P. Kermalla, Kalanoski, whatever his name is, 26,
wrote in a statement of the sheriff deputy.
He later said in the phone interview that he was grateful nobody else was heard.
It could have been a lot worse.
He said we had a lot of kids out there.
Kalanoski said the family had been out celebrating their yard on the thousand blocks of Southeast St. Louisie Boulevard in Stuart
when his wife's uncle drove by and threw the explosive about 530 p.m.
Well, I say let's get his ass.
What do you say, huh?
Let's nail him.
He wasn't even invited dogs on a stage.
He's a jack Russell Terrier.
They're hyper dogs.
They think everything's a toy.
Kalanoski said the three-year-old eight-pound dog was blown to pieces and very shortly after the incident.
After initially declining the price charges according to Sheriff's report Kalanoski saying now wants to bring criminal charges against the uncle,
Stuart resident, William George, Kenny the Turard.
Kenny cannot be reached for comment.
Martin County Sheriff's spokeswoman Sergeant Janelle Atlas said the firecracker was not illegal,
and there was no evidence of malice against the dog.
In fact, maybe they were hoping it's a guy who picked it up.
I put it in his mouth, do you think?
And the firecracker too.
Better take the break early.
There's still a BBC.
There's still a pop-up by Zudic Spectre.
To work to do fire police hugely in attendance.
Devast Terrier, dead, Dudley-aster attack.
Terrier attack everyone in the UK soil.
Railway station in central London.
Corden's off tonight, not even pedestrians being let through a very high strong police presence.
Stuart, I mean about the constipative risk.
Can't you hear it in that sound?
Corden all fair.
It sound like she had that to be in about six months.
What a conscious force.
We feel sorry.
Force, what do you want to see?
We will be on guard.
Go under the corner, go under the corner, go, go, go, go.
I said, go away.
I'll take when you don't know it.
You will be easy.
Go away, go away.
Here's the spell, thank you.
You take me the joy, thank you.
You're going to go away.
This is hard to go into the door, this is hard to go into.
It's not only.
I think you'll be easy, isn't it?
You're just doing the right thing.
And it's a matter of the punishment.
You'll be able to go away.
You'll be able to go away.
There was a thing to go into.
It's not fair, I said.
When I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh,
I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I wasn't either telling my lover to him anymore,
I
Can't forget no mode this week most of the cases this week and all we can say that is
We got the marlin's baseball come up in just a few minutes to 12 30 so no mode mad dog after the ballgame
Curtis and Troy at seven o'clock tonight Curtis even said an entourage transferred old number 23
Could he run or what huh and indicate ten o'clock?
And of course being in a Jamaica you see how everything on the show always like fits in together like a glove in your
Brackdome at the Park Tal just office glove never for office gloves 94 gloves 56
That's it. Jim Miguel just came up with our new logo man our new slogan glow is 56
Huh?
Week
How do we fit into your
Brackdome life
Anyway, so Jamaica
Is got the wrath of God and you want to know why cuz he's p.o.
They're all those roster people down there with him weed with a wacky weed man. He's finally getting around to it
Hurricane Dennis load and strength into a category two storm today as it lumbered to the Caribbean forecast
You said God isn't too fond of you people in the Caribbean. Okay with good reason the second tired of your altitude
As of 8 p.m. I ate a in this morning the hurricanes maximum sustained with increased 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts
The storm was sent about it. That's one of the sad things about not being in South Florida nothing able to track the
Hurricanes with a his the hurricane hysteria specialist like Miss Norcross and that crowd
Speaking of hurricane paranoia. Yeah, I mean watch issued for the Florida Keys
Really yep, holy cow. Oh my god. We don't want to get you nervous anything like that
But there's a hurricane watch finish
For the keys I can't imagine why God is pissed off of those people in the keys. Can you?
You're fairy
The storm was said at about 130 miles east southeast of Kingston Jamaica, man, and oh it's a good machine man
It's that was my sheen
And about I just I just they just send me I don't know I can't even tell you where
East southeast of Kingston about 165 miles south of Guantanamo Bay Cuba. Oh, you see that?
Yeah, no
God is really peeled about all that torture and mayhem going on there
It was moving toward the northwest at about 10 miles an hour a hurricane warning was in effect for Jamaica
The Cayman Islands the Southwest in Peninsula Haiti and the Eastern Cuban provinces
I knew before 1230 we gave in something for Miguel about Cuba
Yep, and the Eastern Cuban provinces of grandma
Is there really such a place called grandma? What?
G-R-A-N-M-A grandma
Hey grandma
What do you want them to do change it to a boiler? Yes, saviour with a Cuba and Guantanamo
Told you hurricane condition respected those areas within the next 24 hours and four castes warned people that are quickly complete preparation
H other forces of central eastern Cuba were under a hurricane watch
Forecastes said the storm is expected them four to eight inches of rain over seven Haiti
Jamaica and that's because the Haitians were wrapping in baseball's tight enough or two tight
That's what I had always armor on two tight
Jamaica eastern Cuba and the Cayman's the isolated amounts of 12 inches possible mountains areas of Jamaica
Mon the heavy rains could produce life threatening flash floods and mudslides forecast is warned the hurricanes
Center's latest five day projected in as possible path has the center of the storm going across Western Cuba Friday
Sounds like tomorrow to me and then the Gulf of Mexico on that path
The storm would start approaching the central Gulf Coast Sunday and make landfall near Mobile, Alabama around the midday on Monday
And you want to know why because he's PO that then people Alabama for certain of all I crap about a rubah. He's pissed off at that bitch
You're telling me that we got a hurricane watch did you say watch for the Florida Keys?
All the name so I probably ought to go on a sunset or website. Yeah, that's where I got it
Well, they're doing that thing about London death toll climbs light and dead people over there in the London tube
It was a crazy terrorist or those Olympics again. No for a split seconds and and then just that we that there were
I can't give you an exact number
There's about four or five people flung out from the top of the bus and then the bus literally stopped in his truck
But the traffic was moving really really slow so
It literally just stopped in his truck. They got flung out
So they got slung out an important bridge man
Watch innocent people again because Tony Blair is a fellow fellow in crime with your president
You can be damn sure if you would have done the smart thing and said hey, we're not going in there
You will not take you may next we're not breaking international law. We're not gonna kill a whole bunch of dead people and stuff like that
That is by record for hurricanes last year
Floridian seed Duff is right on top of a man
I even know in that pit they said they don't like you Hillary or Duff. Do you know what I noticed?
That is by record for hurricanes and the Duff announced today that he hates fat boy like poison
I thought was a real ballsy move on his part
That is by record for hurricanes last year Floridian's were keeping a wary eye on hurricane Dennis
Storming its way through the Caribbean on a course that forecast you said might bring it to the state by the weekend
How do you like that? Oh my god as of today the Florida Keys runway hurricane watch which means winds of at least 74 miles an hour and storm
Surgeons are possible late tomorrow according to the national hurricane center and speaking of Miami by the way Miami past
He's front like there were standing still you never want to go back there. I can't blame you
Forecasters said that although they still couldn't tell where Dennis would hit the U.S. residents from the Gulf of Mexico
I'm the Gulf of Mexico from Louisiana to Florida should be watching this storm keep your eye on it and the storm too is what they're saying
That's what miss them come out would tell you keep your eye on it
The central and east Gulf coast are the most threatened said Eric Blake a meteorologist at the center
This is the time to take a little bit of action to get some of the rudimentary hurricane supplies. Oh here we go boys and girls
We're on a way to public at home depot right now get some of that viscuine and the rapping stuff
The sky the skies and the keys were still sunny and clear today
But people were already preparing and business were expecting fewer tourists
Just a mere threat of a hurricane will keep people away
We've been through this before so we have game plants at Chris Moons CEO of stoppijos bar in the main drag in
Key West a lot of drag you fair in Key West
Steadifactuals also caution people to make sure they had hurricane plans ready get ready
Reality in Florida. We have a hurricane problem state emergency management director Craig Fugitz said yesterday
If you don't know from last year you haven't got it from these four tropical storms
I don't know what it's gonna take maybe some examples like stick their foot
Deep inside it will wake you up, okay? So get with it. Just keep your eye on it
I am
I
I
Dr.
Why
What was the president's office?
What was the president's office?
What was the president's office?
Oh, what I did to become both on small
And get to wheel your boat at home
If you want this
Don't talk about this
Run and stupid me
Don't talk about this
Run and get rich yet
Don't talk about this even
Lumber than me
Please president don't
Yeah don't care what it's all
You got a man by hook or crawl
The Christian is wrong
He knows what it's about
You and I will help him don't fear
Oh, we've got a great leader
We're not solid with president don't
What the fuck
What the fuck
What the fuck
What the fuck
What the fuck
CKLW
Holy
Oh black
Don't type that dial now
Don't talk
Don't type that dial
We got Marlon's baseball
Come with pre-games
You're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock
You're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock
You're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock
You're 1 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock
You're 2 o'clock, you're 1 o'clock
Don't forget to tune back in
I mean, stick around if there's red
After the game got mad dog
You can't
Oh, the crack is not bad
It was over and over
Next vlog and we got most version of this
The voice was over and over again
Thank you
