and america is becoming the most fanatical religious nut job country in the world
I mean it's just unbelievable and the media there and of course they'll jump on anything
anything that sells you know anything that's hot right now and of course they've always been terrified of not
a religion anyway so now that they feel that there's this new wave of religious
hysteria sweeping the country that's all they got we got that guy with his the positive
what does that thing called the prayerful positive purposeful life I mean
I got seriously I looked down into bolus morning I thought I was flushing him down
there which only wish it would have been him everywhere you look he's there
oh speaking of that Tom Delayman who let daddy die by the way that was a daddy
or granddaddy we got that story yeah had them pull the tube on him his
he let his brain damage father die 17 years ago yeah the maybe they didn't
take extraordinary measures to extend his father's life but that was that was
then and this is now say hypocrite I think that there's a blessing in this though
I think that the the right wing the only problem is the Democrats are you know
they're evil because they're scared of everything is scared of their own shadow
so they're missing they're just missing an action but the public is now finally a
lot of people starting to get really scared of death of all this religious insanity
I mean when you got Randall Terry out running around with the rabid of a
Reverend Pat Murphy there whatever hell his name is those his name I don't know
screaming and carrying on she's fighting she's fighting she's fighting she's
fighting can't you see the fight in there that's our office pull this morning
carry or the pope he can't even speak talk about a day man in a chair she said
more the past few days than he had yeah I want my mom yeah when she said I
want my MTV I mean I was a little bit over over the top God what what are these
people gonna cut the crap and just it always a Florida thing always whether it's
alien whether it's you know the two thousand would be chad chad chad gate
Jesus when the hell is it ever stopped and I guess never look because like Tammy
face it the media a bunch of lunatics they're crazy people okay let's let's
you know oh bad news got a celebrity death minor celebrity although I like the
group a lot the drummer from the 80s Australian rock band crowded house hanged
himself in a park in southern Australia Paul Hester 46 when missing on Friday his
body was found Saturday in a park Saturday on that's the wrong group remember that
Saturday in the park that's where they found his body he was home in the southern
city of Melbourne Hester played in several small bands before joining the New England
group split ends in 1983 he and split ends singer Neil Finn formed crowded
house maybe five with a bass player Nick Seymour crowded house was one of
Australia's most successful bands in late 80s and early 90s with international
headsets don't dream it's over and whether with you he's dead well how do you
like that I guess crowded house pretty much is dead too huh yeah for long well
oh there you go at least they won't have to worry about pulling out that you right
oh that's work of that that went over really big between you fair and you that
was just had them all rocking and rolling on through the Georgia's pull on Friday
which I think is an extraordinarily bad taste so I enjoyed it a lot what would be a
good job for Terry Shiveau maybe she could be the interpreter for the Pope huh
I mean I know he speaks a lot different languages believe that he is not he
is saying that either you could he couldn't even muster one those and there's all
them get skis out there and say Peter Square and he comes to the window I say
he comes to the window they they shoved him to the window and he's like you
know making the PR approach hearing it was a whole deal and they're all there he is
it's the holy father that will pull off in a dress you know what is wrong with
this world man what was I'm taking that pull today that because I'm just
filming at the mouth ordinarily I can't stand it anyway but I've reached a
saturation point the religious people are just you're killing us man you're
killing believe anything you want any fair retails any crap any garbage
leave us alone that's that's all in a very simple thing that's supposed to be
what America was founded on is you know separation of church and state
religious tolerance pluralism all the all these things yeah are you trying to
rewrite history yeah oh there he is there's your fat ass governor
obviously a lot of attention just given it's unique nature yeah it's unique
nature you fat ass Tony liar with your dysfunctional Tony fat ass family man
who are you kidding gotta despise him anyway you're a guess what being good job
for Terry Shaveau a feature of a passenger 455 very poor taste tool collector in
the sun pass lane 228 that would came in late and glad it did well WQM
receptionist 158 there would be a big improvement for most of the time speed bump
98 tooth model 63 doorstop 58 Venus flytrap 41 bed warmer 29 and mannequin
24 very very good for a little apologize not for that there we go we got
what we tell you what we do want to apologize for and that's a horrible picture
today a Kylie Minogue yeah well so today will be the last unless we come across
from a great new right the last celebrity be the curtain and we're just I
want to do it with celebrities if they're hot they look great who the hell needs
to know their name right that's what I always say who needs to know the name
start sending a new batch today tomorrow well good for you so we got
Kylie Minogue today with a tennis racket over her movies and just one kind of
one little nip showing this about it yeah so we apologize but we're yeah she's
well known where did you learn your straight you idiot whoever told you that
you could work with men what's your higher for just to help us does that seem
clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a
living you company man you fairy ph1 celebrity fit club is helping overweight
actors up on one of pounds now except for the skinny stars took without a few
it's ph1 celebrity in clubs lera Flynn Boyle last week you weighed 91 pounds
in your goal was to gain four pounds seven on the scale 91 pounds again I
thought you were gonna double the size of your breakfast I did I had two more
worlds and four to tag ph1 celebrity 10 clubs puts these slender
starlets on the road to weight game with their own personal trainer okay ladies
now the division in the tire behind a hot and dust what do you think we're gonna do
next Marikane Olsen I know who is the boy hard I'm her own pretty Murphy object
wrong again everyone on the couch and started pieces now let's go move
so unfair celebrity didn't club only on ph1 where big stars get smaller and
small stars get bigger I think I called Pat Mahoney a Pat Murphy denying
same difference Murphy Mahoney or the Ryan the irreverently hysterically
functions for ever in Pat Mahoney that one it was 20 past 10 at 5 60 W.C.A.
we almost had a major contract time so it would have been very exciting we
almost had the showdown at the panelists park corral we are ours act to
redrudge order the Terry Shiveau was not to be removed from her hospice a team
of Florida law enforcement agents was on route to seize her and have her feeding
you reinserted but they stopped Sherat when local police told them they would
enforce the judges order the herald his learn agents of the FDA lead told
police in panellas park that they were on their way to take it to a hospital
to resume her feeding to reinsert the tube but for a brief period local police
will officers around the hospice to keep protesters out prepared for what
sources called a showdown in the end of state agents and the department
it's over in families back down apparently concerned about confronting local
police outside the hospice if they could have done a good job with her as they
did with really Wilson that I mean they could have solved the whole problem we
told them that unless they had the judge with them when they came they were
not going to get in said a source with local police they said we're here you
knocking but you can't come in the FDA legal to say they were on route to the
scene said an official with a city police are requested anonymity when the
sheriff department in our department told them they could not enforce their order
they backed off the incident known only to a few underscores the intense
emotion and murky legal terrain that the Shiveau case is created it also shows
that agencies answering directly to Florida fat ass governor Jeff Bush had
planned to use a wrinkle in state law that would have allowed them to legally get
around the judges order the exception in law allows public agencies to freeze
a judge's order whenever an agency appeals it participants in the high
stakes test of Wilson spoke with a her about the condition of anonymity said
they believe the standoff could ultimately have led to a constitutional crisis
and a confrontation between dueling lawmen can you see that oh yeah that would
have been great yeah would have yeah see and I could have got a 90 share
easy there were two sets of law enforcement officers facing off waiting
like a hockey game waiting for the other to blinks said one official with
knowledge of Thursday morning's activities in just one official said local
police discussed whether we had enough officers to hold off the national guard
yeah that great yeah that that ever happened before said boy spokesman Jacob
D. P. Patriot there was no showdown we were ready to go we didn't want to break
the law there was a process in place and we were following the process the
charge had an order we were following the order
the president of her tree that would have been something the best would have
been if they did drag the fat ass governor off in handcuffs and to put his fat
ass in jail that would have been the best part of the party celebrate that and
then he could have told them were to stick the tube how speaker Tom delay I
haven't been the fool for today have I even know it's up there getting a lot of
votes and I apologize for not putting it on there earlier but it's just this
poll is because I feel that the media and the religious nuts the lunatic
right wing extreme fringe are drowning the entire country in a sea of
religious insanity that there's there's no other way to put it we just
everywhere you look now MSNBC CNN every five minutes there's another another
special show about religion in America and a great big resurfacing a religious
subferber you know and even though we have all of these national polls that
you're overwhelming overwhelming that the public including evangelicals by
the way disagree with the government intervention in the shy of okay yes
yesterday where to see an end go they go into some episcopal church no no I
take it back it was St Thomas Catholic Church in a dark neighborhood they were
all doing the revival routine that yeah yeah and of course overwhelming that
they were they wanted to stick that to you right back in there oh yeah that's
a good place to take a survey that we like taking a survey what do you think
about the Pope and doing it in the Catholic church that's your media for you
here's another see these I don't want to go into this stuff that I get huh anyway
getting back to our poll today what is the most divisive thing in the world now I
thought I came up with several pretty good categories maybe I left something
out oh I got one for the pool I don't think so the most divisive thing in the
world fact we got a lot of votes in there already guess what's number one by a
mile by a million miles gee religion 101 you thought it was gonna be more
don't I don't want to pick on the Humper but I listen I I don't I know I
be dead if I ate in as many restaurants is you know you just can't go out I
mean Morton's you're only just small meal at Morton's okay I'd have
any more things there by either one in Chicago yeah it's like go to Ruth
Chris for a snack it's it you just don't do it what would be the point there
there's no way to do it you don't do that and then I hear that Moe is in
there and both camp well what's going on at that radio station I mean what is
that please please what cracker please what what's going on in this radio
stagger please I mean what what is the deal Arab and just because I'm talking with
Josh Cortes about learning to you know free he's a shlup he's making 15
cent an hour plus all the baseballs he can steal at the Marlon games no
even go to the get to go the exhibition game by the way we got some good news
boys and girls Marlon's and the Urels in Fort Lauderdale game time 105 this
afternoon we'll have it at 1254 with Roxy Roxy Schwartz and Dave
Ann Boring what kind of a name is that Roxy Bernstein some little bit boy it's
already you Roxy Bernstein by the way quoted in the one of the commas over
the weekend being a big fan of Joe Rose when Joe was playing college football was
at the USC Josh yeah hundred years ago and then he would just can't wait to meet
Joe Rose I guess nobody told Roxy that Joe Rose doesn't work at this radio
station anymore that your games are on Roxy even though we like Joe a lot he's a
good friend of ours but nevertheless he's on the other side Roxy you better get
your a a straightened out we're gonna pull the shoe before you even get started
official so we got a Marlon game which means no more
great news what a sour old-coot he is you know and then we got guilty for the
seven I think the Easter Monday thing must be in nobody told us about it
because I took off Easter Friday but nobody told us it was a holiday because most
of the sales department is taking off on a fake sick out day today that's
probably because they're like protesting the a sticky the sales manager and we
got no mad dog today we got no more don't don't don't get a volume and look at
that look oh my eyes must be deceiving me do you see what's on that schedule
between seven and ten for today yes beast and Troy strapper Troy and the beast
although Troy's good on here not a very good sales guy didn't like to what
maybe services accounts yeah he's branching out it's a good idea Troy when it
down branch it out you and the branch the videos beast and Troy's
right for seven and he can't tell it's a holiday that looks like a holiday
scheduled to me it feels like a holiday yeah doesn't really I'll see you bye I'm
Sally's brothers and every day millions of children in this country don't have
access to the food they so desperately want to eat many will go to bed hungry
tonight hungry for that fourth toaster's trudal want you please help feed the fat
children yes for only a dollar eighty nine a day roughly the price of a box of
whole host you can sponsor an obese child through the feed their fat children
foundation in return you'll get a wide angle photo of that special child plus
handwritten notes written on crispy cream napkins won't you help feed a fat
child a child like Jimmy here they hide Jimmy I'm sorry you'll swell as
bright as you watch your child swell with sound so please don't criticize your
heart and calm now and help feed the fat children this is how you've gathered
things thank you can he can I have a bite of your ring day no it's mine give it to me a
little time alive
but it's not a lot of it's not a very excited when she hears this you know it is a
holiday today and of course it's see I'm confused because spring break here they
had two spring breaks this year one for the cat like schools that was two weeks ago
and last week was for the poor of the public schools so they had two weeks of a
spring break okay all right now spring break there is starting started this weekend
right yes well there's a lot of different yeah yes he's it all depends on what
part of the county of living and what your ability is like high school and
colleges different too so yeah so it's always like a it's like like a
arosmith would say permanent vacation everybody's on it including a Q.I.M. I
did I hear Hank said that there's a trend coming out this week I thought he said now
do we have any idea what day that's going to be or what time or what because I
think I might be out sick that day open on it's gonna be really ugly we're
gonna be losing a really solid November it was really rock solid and then we
got to December January which are both the Zaster months for the entire
radio station and February and last February is just huge I mean gigantic we
just stand to be looking really bad I'm saying not not so much that the other
guys are gaining you know I mean by the other guys but that we're just losing
where you're voting because we keep changing and changing it that's stern
business well that was really quite a quite a good experiment you know all
all the way around everything connected with that just was really a fantastic
positive for Q.I.M. for the company for the license for everything you could
imagine we just a really positive experience anyway getting back to Sally
Burger King they don't want to heart these video only ones who are appealing to
the cows out there including me Burger King is reportedly sent to unveil a large
new breakfast sandwich that that's not everyone is looking to watch their diet
USA the day reports the number two fast food chain will debut its enormous
omelet sandwich today the sandwich will have one sausage patty two eggs to
American cheese slices and three strips of bacon now that ain't no thing there
works out to 730 calories 47 grams of fat according to the report while the
sandwich goes against the trend at the sub at some competitors to offer a
healthier fair some analysts said the new sandwich is likely to be a sale
success that's more than the company's Wapper Burger which the Burger King
website said has 700 calories and 42 grams of fat well that's not much that's
like marginal right yeah a little bit more in fact if you had two cheese
woppers with all kinds of good stuff on them like ketchup which is a little
with sugar I even just goose those numbers way the hell up there the critics will
still label it food porn say Sherry Diel Scott editor at Q.S.R. a fast food
industry trade magazine but the average male fast food customer doesn't have a
problem with this food porn what average male don't have a problem with any kind
of porn porn porn food porn quite poor to porn the new offer could also make
burger King more of a player in a breakfast market where U.S.
Internet says it's seriously nice beyond McDonald's I don't know why because
the only good thing they got is their breakfast is those croissant those
croçandwiches right right I mean sure nobody in the right mind wants to eat
that rubber meat that they give a burger King the good news about this thing is
it's got like a sausage patty which I can really imagine what it might be
good actually Burger King has been privately held since it was sold
the other day that's it okay go for Sally okay go to Burger King and take
out honey yeah we're really food intensive last week oh now look at this no
Troy tonight we got a change in a schedule now just just came in just hot off
the press it's Curtis and Wendy Martez you see if we put Troy on there who
actually can be understood that probably be a pretty smart move so instead of the
beast and and Troy we got Curtis and Lynn well what what's going on here today
huh I mean it's that's not even oh I see now Wednesday we got beast and Troy
at night I guess that's the way trying to keep Gildey off here as much as
possible although squeaky will be on four to seven the satin nights the bad news
see nothing's perfect we got no mode today but we got Gildey after the Marlin
game I might not even take a call today you know because I don't want to put
any pressure on the audience what are they going to call about there's no
pull to build today this this is a closed pull huh I mean can you think of anything
I left out no you got religion on there that's all I need it on here's a
fact from Phil and Gainesville he says while agree we can see you know I this
just wears me out while I agree that religion is an extremely destructive
force the world my vote for the most destructive influence the world at this
time is George Bush yeah we could put George Bush on every
negative pull and he win by a landslide but that's not the point but George Bush
isn't a he's not a constant right although he made this they make keep they just
might keep him in there that call up the National Guard say guess what no
elections no more hey you're laughing I know what else you're gonna do cry what's
this perhaps just a headlines funny now man eats underwear to be fertilized when
I was a good idea this is from Barry and Orlando I can read this what's wrong
with you I could barely read it on my head an 18-year-old something man what does
that say stettler stettler that's so is that where is that I don't know 18-year-old
stettler man tried to eat his underwear and hope now you're right I can't
read this and hopes the cotton fabric would absorb alcohol before we took a
fertilize your test okay this is much better we very very bad coffee the original
coffee was bad now I got a copy of a band of it the important part was it didn't work so okay
line six is probably some nut job Q.A.M. hello I'm sorry I told you yeah how did I get
all because he's been on here since I sat down since I started to
convert by something I've got nine fifty six that's all they had well I got nothing to talk
about like Hank was I heard Hank going on for 25 minutes this morning before you showed up
about not having any calls all the stuff they went on even I who really don't really care about
the basketball at all even more during all this the hysteria even I got all whipped up
and I mentioned can stay Kentucky game oh now you're coming around well it's my alma mater baby
and I saw I just I just found it by accident I was channel surfing a little bit there was the last
four minutes of games Barton's Ruff by eight I believe then they blew the lead and then of course
that kid hit that three-pointer there it was the clock ran out to tie it double over time
Spartans win oh oh oh so even I watched that so there's all kinds of stuff plus a course the
Terry Shiboh thing and these people have got nothing to say about it it's just par for the course
and like you said it's a it's a one-horse town I've been turning that for years a bush-league town
it's the dolphin you think you think that Gus for raps got to make a difference so Hank you think
you think that the mole had a bed like a double-sized stake at Morton's yet I think he paid a check
I just I'm sorry I don't understand that it kind of grosses me out the thought that all of our
people are always eating at these expensive just paying of course boat camper I mean he's a tall guy
but he couldn't he could afford to lose an answer to also you know that's why they put that
cow out in front of the university dodged there I think they're trying to send a message you know
yeah like to Joey Zazid they're going to send the uh uh Kimbao message lose an answer to a sweet heart
you're a good guy but man oh man just a giant in the football field you better be f**king
ready to play with the big boy well that's what he's doing at Morton's I guess
ever seen the buttmaster maternity's life in the 60s it was the twist
the 70s it was disco
in the 80s it was MTV and okay
in the 90s it was success and now the latest craze sweeping the nation is mouth breathing
Top
what one I like
I like local TV news director that are 24-year-olds.
They don't have thought of that.
They're afraid of their guests.
They know what hard-hitting, grizzled, dogs, by a black woman.
Yeah, well, Baloney, she's vibrant, man.
She's ready to go up and dance like crazy.
Do the twists, right?
That was wrong with you people.
She's fighting for her life.
Don't you understand that?
Stick that back in there right now or else?
170 votes on the poll.
I never did read the poll.
Did I?
I got all whipped up on that religion thing,
because it just frosted my fat ass.
And see, we didn't say who's the most divisive person in the world today.
Read a guy in wherever it was.
We say, what's the most divisive thing in the world?
270 votes, religion 201, money 27, politics 17, race 13, language 6.
Thank you, Abe.
Education level 3, ethnicity to sexual orientation, gay, a salamante uno.
So that's what we got so far.
I don't think I left anything out.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you?
OK.
If I may put my consent in about these religious synodics.
Please.
Are they either just stupid or incredibly insincere?
I don't know what they're thinking.
You see this guy is trying to cross the police line with a bottle of water?
Yeah.
I'm thinking, OK, let him in now.
Let him in now.
Let me see.
Yeah, I think she's going to give her a couple water.
If he's going to open her mouth and drown her, because if he's trying to do that,
he's just stupid because that's why she needs to be feeding tube.
Because she cannot see.
I mean, just bring her a big mac and fries.
It's the same thing.
I'm not sure.
Maybe that new breakfast sandwich from Burger King sounds pretty interesting.
That new sausage, Patty.
Either way, either way, it doesn't make them look particularly smart.
Of course, then, they're much more on their crazy people.
It's the flat earth society.
These are raving eluritics.
Totally, totally out of it.
And I love you very much, Neil.
Don't give up by the good fight.
I'm a fight-and-it.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Happy Easter Monday.
Easter something.
Happy Purim Monday, Steve.
Happy Bive.
Bye-bye.
Happy Bive.
How a speaker, Tom Delay, who's a real piece of extraments, has helped lead a congressional
effort to keep the brain damage Terry Shrival alive, joined family members nearly 17 years
ago in allowing doctors not to take extraordinary measures to extend his father's life the
LA Times reported yesterday, just like all these other right-wingers, phony, hypocrites,
floor crap, finger-pointing, closet, or whatever they are.
You know, fill in the blank.
Closet, s**t, s**t, s**t, s**t.
Delay had just been reelected to a third term in Congress in 1988 when his father Charles
Delay was badly injured in the crash of a backyard tram he and his brother had built.
Oh, that's nice.
As Delay's vital organs began to fail, the family chose not to connect him to a dialysis
machine or even to a cue or take other measures to prolong his life according to the Times
which cited court documents, medical records, and interviews with family members.
There was no point to even really talk about it, Maxine Delay, the congressman's 81-year-old
widowed mother told the Times, Tom knew we all knew his father wouldn't have wanted
to live that way.
Oh, that sounds familiar, doesn't it?
I thought that didn't make any difference.
I thought that it was in our, we had to always choose life, isn't that the line?
Just like that stupid ass-roader license plate, choose life.
And some of those lines he threw out there about the husband that we put on the website.
Well, kind of.
What is this?
Right.
Oh, that's always the last resort.
This is to start making up stories.
Delay helped push through a con.
We're at the federal law allowing the parents of Terry Shabbo to go to the federal court
in an effort so far unsuccessful to have their brain damage daughters feeding what the
hell was that feeding you?
Oh, sorry, wrong one.
I'll read a re-s, or well, things are coming apart.
The Texas Republican has also criticized Shabbo's husband and the courts for allowing what
he called an act of barbarism against Shabbo, who Dr. Sey isn't a PBS Florida, a persistent
vegetative state.
Delay declined to be interviewed about his father's case, but a press said it wasn't
terribly different than Terry Shabbo's.
Right.
It's entirely different.
That was then, this is now, when they political hay off of that back then, but now, different
story.
Here's a fact that says you bastard.
I must have gained 30 pounds.
I got 30, man.
I gained five with all the food pools last week, and I think Ben and Jerry Stock went
up 10 full thanks to Thursday's pool.
I'll have to pull my cue for a couple of weeks to get back into fighting Shabbo.
Well, don't put your cue hard, please.
I might just snap right on.
I'm going to make this some cause coming in.
I don't know whether I want to take it or not, you know.
What do you think?
Committee QAM, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm Madison.
Okay.
Committee QAM, hello.
Thank God that Hank wrote the story about Gus for rot this morning.
All right.
Yeah.
Committee QAM, hello.
Hey, have you noticed how big jet bushes melon is?
It's bigger than Joe Rosas.
Yeah, that's right.
It's bigger than Joe Rosas.
He has a 10 and five days hot size.
It must be at least.
Ever see him wearing a hat?
They don't make one that big, Pellie.
Who ordered Neil, though?
5670560.
His hat is almost as big as a dome ass.
Yeah, he's just he's the most despicable creature on the face of the earth is Jeb Bush.
Him and that hold, his functional family.
I mean, what do they have to do?
They have to go out like and kill somebody and broad daylight before the public and
Florida finally gets onto them.
I don't understand it.
What is it?
What's to like?
Like I said last week that, you know, I would say what's not to like in his case?
What's to like?
What could you possibly like about him?
Is it the way that he follows the wishes of the electorate?
Yeah.
Whatever, whatever new people say, it's always held to the office.
He'll find somewhere that's averted just like this thing that they're trying to do with
a spot machines now and make him class the two instead of class three and put the same
crap that they got to the Indians in there.
Not going to succeed, I don't think, but nevertheless, it's just another example.
Well, that's because he opposes Gablin.
We don't care what he opposes.
It's like his religion.
I don't give a crap what kind of cockamamae garbage he believes.
And he never believed it anyway.
He had rubbed off on him.
He was no Catholic.
He was a good Christian just like all the other Protestants there, whatever, a band Christian.
Yeah.
And then, of course, they had rubbed off on him with Columba.
Then he got the Catholic religion.
Religion is sick.
It is evil.
It is twisted.
It's written by idiotic simplistic morons from 5,000 years ago who didn't know anything.
And every time there's any kind of a discussion today instead of using intelligence instead
of using rational reason and logic, it's always, oh, the good book says who wrote the good book.
Okay?
Bad people.
A bunch of snow.
Not just bad people, ignorant people, stupid people.
Men, white men wrote the good book.
And I'll say it again, if dogs wrote the Bible, only dogs would go to heaven and man can
go to hell.
That's always the answer.
Oh, right.
Dogs don't have a soul.
That's because men.
That's because humans wrote the Bible.
Maybe dogs have their own Bible.
There you go.
Yeah.
Because a lot of dogs that I've known, it's sure there's a lot of better than many of the
people I've encountered, including these lunatics out there in Pinellas Park this weekend.
Crazy people.
Just robbing, just forming it them out.
And did you see the woman who brought her down syndrome daughter who was standing behind
the podium there?
Did you see that yesterday?
No.
Making all of the, I mean, I don't want to make fun of her anyway.
But she's, I mean, she's got problems.
She's like, dad, spaszing out all over the place.
In fact, I think that generally describes that.
And it wasn't much of a crowd.
It was about like 30 to 50 people.
Right.
Spastic.
Much as spazzing.
And the media, of course, is right there.
Oh, there's this giant prota and Bob Franken, man.
So help me.
He's, he just lost it.
And how he, it's like that thing in Iraq where they had them embedded.
I think he's been embedded with those wackos there in Pinellas Park too long.
Saying all of the wrong things, all of the stupid things.
And I thought Carolin was going to punch him in the head if they would have been side
by each.
She's another one.
She doesn't do the news.
She just editorializes as she goes along.
Carolin, you know, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that,
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that
that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that Decider's kind of Lawrence, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor and Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor, Labor,
religion got like 76%
airy place you look in the world today
airy place from the middle east of northern Ireland to
the u.s. a
everywhere
most of the battles are between my god is better than your god whether my
fairy tales a bit of the new year's my religious garments are all holier than
yours my uh... god is gonna be the hell out of your god
and all this other crap just just like that uh... simple than bickering call
there
but have a nice day
cuz you can put to words together she can put a sentence together if you
put a gun there if you stuck a gun in her
genius and by the way what are we gonna do about this Jamaican problem
we have a
uh... of a of a of a
let me give you an easy to work answer
we got one alright what we got to do about it
and we get back to that poll
these people continue subsidizing
it like like the thing with the pope now they show this deal yesterday
when we're having the eastern sundays service
and you know i'm always amazed by all the trappings of the catholic church one
thing about them they should have all the others be hands down the contest man
with the show and the
all i think that a foreshore that even the people in the
business would be would be uh...
fragrance right
yeah what what is the thing with a fragrance what is that thing he'd
blind up every day the blowing smoke is
uh... all the senses you see
the senses all of it site sound fragrance touch
on a like to touch i'll take a full five cents show
yeah no but i'm talking about that thing he keeps swinging back and forth
that's a smoke out of it is that it is
the sense of
yeah
is that what they all the boys are hiding
just the rashes
yeah
there what that was that talk
they're asses or actions
and you subsidize it and it's uh... here come in the light of this thing yesterday
the the the where they from these brothers
the uh... the most
the the most of the list i mean the screaming here
in fact there are actually people are with a butterfly and grabbing the
flyaway s's is they were speaking
yeah i never said that i get my life what about just screamers believe me i
know screamers
holy moly
and we have to we have to save carry and save the guy on the governor has to do
man i'm just a little like a freaking day for sure it's what it is
but you keep subsidizing it and go under because you've been brainwashed like
all these traumatized people stand in the same peter square and was interesting
because they couldn't find anybody there was a time
they were all they were all like from the u.s. and the u.k.
they're all tourists like i've told you all those thousands of people in
same peter square all ninety eight percent of my tourists and most of them are
from the u.s.a
because they're the only one source officially brainwashed and stupid enough to
go there and subsidize this garbage
and hopefully she left them to the window he's like me
in fact even like i said before it's very is making better sounds in the
polka on days so i hate to tell you but the next smoke may be blown from the
Vatican might be from the chimney there when they start blowing smoke from
the chimney it's not a good sign
w.a.q.a.m. hello
thank you i am how you doing okay real quick question is
Neil going to series because i keep hearing these illusions
well who do you think you're talking to
i want to know q.a.m. i think
yeah you're talking to q.a.m. this is q.a.m. oh
sorry yeah we need to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
in the first he just just out of nowhere you know
i don't know if i'm going to serious i don't know what's going on i don't know
what norma can't just gonna whip up there with his boyfriend Jeremy Coleman
i don't know what they did in the tea room up there in New York i have no idea
all i know is that when he walks in there and he sees Alex Bennett sitting in
their studio it's not a very good sign or you didn't hear about that
though i didn't he got the tour of the joint over there in New York in fact
anywhere there's a joint norm is always there real fast so they gave him the
cook tour and they're sitting inside their palatial studios there was
Alex Bennett
oh wow if i had the ability to do i take you out here right now ticket yeah
right teethed right how do you like that so between having Alex Bennett on
here and Lynn Samuel's you can see and of course how it's not on the air with
them they uh... they talk a good game so far i haven't seen too much action
you know haven't seen anything specific haven't seen anything a lot of money
anything about any really game plan and then they want the numbers you know
i told you that tonight no right now you are on vacation
and norm wanted you to handle a project it will have to have the work in some
to do they want the mail twenty five to fifty four numbers for the last
several years like like we keep the books to the center of the other here
there you know when you think that when male carmas and is running the operation
if they want anybody's ratings any demographic you know all they got to do is
you know get their friends at arbitrarian and like for the last four hundred
years when you think it would be like a real state of nature operation if they
were a serious group of people if a moment on top shop like this one has a
right there on their computer right that's right
let's see paul says
complaint this was emailed to me via japhites and email that he received
i see your on the air people of you and uh... ten thirty marks twenty fifth
that was you yes it was me are the most ignorant people and spelled wrong but
p e p l e people i have ever i have ever heard on radio ever
to make fun of and actually produce a commercial entry shop or to make fun
of her and her death is the most disrespectful thing
i can think of and i'm not christianity is it is unacceptable
he is ignorant knows nothing about christianity or judy is a mature
main silent
he sounds ignorant as he talks all the name of human ratings and listeners
question mark you ought to be ashamed of yourselves
tell your responses i will not purchase any of their products and will make a
conscious effort to remember who they are by carrying around me printed copies
of your website to remind me of who they are
well guess what they're not on our website but you go right ahead and very
talking about the q a m licks oh i see it's a shame that you're a loan voice
regarding the dolphins but i can get my info from other places i'm sure
well we're not alone voice turn over to seven ninety-poil i'm sure they're
welcome you there with open arms and legs
and even give you free to the sick where we are to their good questions over
there to be happy that oh yeah
says paul burns i wonder if he's came to george burns
and burns i don't know but paul's really whipped up to a frenzy
uh... yeah we can't give our opinions you that's the way you good believers
always are all i crap you know
we don't believe your crap we don't want to keep her pet your way in your crap
we'd like to be one of the very few places in the world where people can come and
get an alternative point of view based on science and reality is opposed to
based on focus focus with some super-ass focus group and i know more about the
bible you do paul yeah i write all the crap back in the day paul and believe you
me it was not easy reading and i still want to know who had to clean up
condition there are no as arc that's what i want to know him he went out there
and he got to jiraf's huh let me ask you how do you get to jiraf's huh how do you
get to elephants how do you schlepping with a leash
got brought them all is that what a what no he did not bring them all he had to
go out and get them
those remember that you better read your bible is there all right i'm
reached back here to read it yeah reached back there and grab it and the
you to all these ridiculous stories written by air every time there was a
clapper thunder in a bolt of lightning
all it's an acutic
all the order looks at the word about his wrath is waxing hot again hot
yes he is wrath is waxy hot see they keep getting it in that waxy crap
yeah you know kidding me don't forget we got marlins on decade 1250
marlins and the orials at 105 some good healthy clean
baseball probably some steroids i didn't say that and say the marlins doing
or probably those orials you don't send me sources on the orals now right Josh
yeah just the orals you're so full of crap
were you just tell me last week about the roids but that's where it was hemorrhids
you said working with the over with david borings real pain in the ass
i didn't say that they don't don't take everything i say seriously just a joke
he's probably thinking it though probably wish to help you would wake up
they made a bad bad mistake letting the booster get away there on play by play i mean talk
radio and i think your bags we'd heart but they made a real bad mistake there i think he made
a bad judgment himself when you come right down to it that's because he's so tight with his buddy
there danla bastard danla bastard makes lend martesne sound like water cronkite okay that's
how good he is he ain't no two gods four minutes after eleven at five sixty w two
so we're just here it's kind of like a pregame filler okay we don't want parliaments to get
upset and we're sure that he's not listening right now anyway because we make fun of
a portary shybo and her cute and all these are good Christians and Jews and muslim all i don't
know see and mention the muslims in there or the johavas witnesses huh i wasn't talking about
them oh they hand do ranzo the buddhist to ran those other uh not jobs you know spring is here
and it's a great time to get down to arms strong for to home said with some great deals on new
o-fives right now get your ass behind the wheel of a focus or escape with two thousand dollars cash
back from forward and zero percent financing how about an exhibition with three thousand
dollars cash back and one point nine percent financing check out the o-five four dollar explorer
right now at arms strong for to home said with twenty five hundred dollars cash back and one point
nine percent financing remember only when you buy from these folks arms strong for to home
to get that unmatchable that exclusive tires parts and batteries for life program plus a free
floor to sun pass to arms strong for this product of our servicemen and women if you're in the
military if you have a relative in the military and no matter if it's active duty reserve
is national guard or coast guard you'll get you a military appreciation discount
david rich in the standard arms strong for to home said we'll guarantee you the best price
and because they're locally owned and operated they will just about stand on their head just about
not quite to treat you like family make sure they make you a customer for life arms strong for
to home said three oh seven twenty five south they see highway was where you'll find them just
twenty minutes south of the eight thirty six check them out on the web arms strong cars dot com
and give david or victor recall at three oh five two four seven fifty one trail whatever what i
said fifty one trail grab a little and save thousands on that new forwarded arms strong forward
of homestead you're a thing to me you'll run your devil gun
against the the
floor even looks wondering
about
And let me implore free, I don't idea what I was about to see.
Or they were speaking in tongues, that made me a believer.
With kind of fun, to laugh, to laugh, to laugh, to laugh, to laugh, to get out of time.
Now, we're talking about love, speaking in tongues.
They got people even, like I'm here for waiting, from side to side.
They were gonna laugh and they were gonna laugh, to laugh and they were gonna laugh.
Так, a prick entitled to the beginning as a affable-happie.
Tak, territory, that nobody else in 266
Well, and I mean, will they laugh and they were gonna laugh?
If flavorful-safe, that doubting that their trying is favourable.
None of us will love, embrace free.
I'm trying to thank my tongues, but I feel it's nothing like I thought they'd come to the face.
They got my tongues around, whatever I knew of, to forgive me.
You're fair, but now I speak in time.
That makes me a very better.
And I'm having fun.
Playing around with time out.
Yeah, I speak in time.
I'm having fun.
I'm having fun.
Terry is fighting greatly, man.
She's fighting for her life, and you bastard.
They won't start that.
You!
Back in there, you're gonna rot in hell.
It's murder.
He's fighting.
Yeah, I could beat her.
Right.
A judge will hear arguments today, and whether jury should learn about previous
Talmudistation allegations against pedophile Michael Jackson.
As Jackson's Talmudistation trial enters its fifth week,
Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Rodney, Herman Melville,
set aside the day's first court session for the hearing for which the jury will not be present.
I wonder what the verdict is gonna be in Harley's trial by the way I'm guiding light.
Melville has said he would wait to hear from both the prosecution and the defense before deciding
if he'll let either side call witnesses to both for its position.
He has not given an indication which he would rule when he would rule,
although I think he said pretty quick, like a few seconds.
So third, man.
Prosecutors are pushing to allow testimony about previous allegations against Jackson,
containing that they will show a pattern of behavior that bolsters the current charges against him.
But the defense is fighting the move, saying the information will be prejudicial,
and that the prosecution is not meant to be evidentiary threshold,
required to allow admission.
Among the earlier charges the prosecution wants to introduce,
are allegations from the 93 civil suit in which a 13-year-old boy accused Jackson
of sexually molesting him repeatedly over a five-month period.
That's the kid that he had paid off, paid off the family.
And they said, oh, we don't know what that.
They started talking like the Pope.
Just making a good word.
What?
He didn't, and he can't even do that.
You're gonna piss that guy off if he thought that'd be a bad guy.
Oh, Paul Burns?
Well, too bad.
And guess what Paul?
Guess what? I just checked during the break.
Our sponsors don't want your business.
They don't want to know you.
They don't want to see you.
They don't want to smell you.
How's that Paul?
Get lost. Go away.
Coxelhoes.
By the way, that's the Japanese.
I got a whole bunch of stuff here, rather than taking a bunch of silly ass calls.
Is Neil going to, is this QAM?
I love the people of Coliseum.
Is this QAM, like QAM isn't like, like it's alive, you know?
It's alive.
Right.
They give it this kind of anthropomorphic quality.
Like the radio station is living and breathing, believe me,
when you see the numbers on Friday.
You'll find out it's not.
We're dead of that adornail.
But hey, we had a good run, you know.
We had a lot of it.
Is it a QAM?
Yeah.
It's either a QAM or Stephen Hawking, one of the other.
I got a lot of stuff here to be.
What are you smirkling about?
I think it's because you've had all out of your system with that oil.
Oh, did I?
Don't be in that stuff that Dave Halberstam sends it.
Maybe he turned on us a little halber.
You know, I know you've said it before, but seriously, the warning label needs to be big, bigger, bigger.
All the way to the left.
Left side line, Marley.
Three point.
Oh, he hit it.
Yeah, there he goes.
I understand.
Great guy.
We love you, Dave.
But the quits in it is candy with the sorbetol in it.
Good guy.
Quits in it is laxative stuff.
And if he had a handquity in that stuff, man, we'd had an earthquake.
We don't usually have earthquakes in Florida, but believe me.
Now seriously, what are we going to do about him?
I guess he and I were hopeless, right?
Well, you're doing things.
Good.
What am I doing?
I'm just going to get my pound.
You're walking more.
I was down to 190.
I weighed 195 today.
Right.
But you're up and down.
Yeah.
That's because I live on a high floor.
I see.
No, seriously, I wouldn't be honest if he would lose an ounce.
He's in denial, man.
He is in denial, man.
Even what's your name?
Was never in denial as much.
Clear.
I was an in clear patria.
God, get with it.
I got to get to my stuff here.
Please.
Now that we got Miguel the hell out of there.
And by the way, we had fun last week.
When you say Josh, we had four pretty good days with a lot of food.
Yeah, I'd say we ate a lot.
Yeah.
And that's about all.
I don't know if the show is any good, but we ate a lot.
They ate a lot.
I did too.
But what Miguel knows about anything other than a castor.
And I don't think he knows much about that.
But he's just a great guy, but very limited, very limited.
I mean, he knows nothing about anything.
Well, he's yelling.
Yeah.
Anywhat's cool here.
Oh, I see.
I guess that explains it.
That dulce de laitio.
Let me say it again.
Hagen does is watery.
Yeah.
It has a high water content.
Good ice cream can never be watery.
Okay.
Now, maybe when I see it, I'm going to say that.
I can't try it.
I can't be no ice cream.
I was thinking about it.
I think public makes a dulce de laitio.
Don't we?
It's too sweet.
See?
Because the concept of the flavor, while I like sweet, the concept of the flavor is good.
But watery is no good.
Don't get to Hagen does brand.
Try somebody else's making it.
And I still can't believe that Ben and Jerry does make a rocky road.
I still am offended by that.
And I'm also offended by the fact that the coffee topic, Crunch, got relatively few votes.
About 30 items and like that.
Sorry to meet you.
Huh?
Did not do well.
No.
And why is that?
I don't know.
I put them right up there with fish.
Maybe not literally.
Huh?
Right in the same category.
Top five.
I mean, it's no vanilla, but hey.
We'll have to do.
New records show that the FBI helped Saudis leave the US after 9-11.
Now, I realize it doesn't do any good for me reading all this stuff.
But it does something for me.
It gets it out of my system.
Okay?
Even though I'm farting into a windstorm.
Right.
The episode has been retold so many times in the last three and a half years that it's become
the stuff of political legend.
And the friends he days after 9-11 when some fights were still grounded.
Dozens of well-connected Saudis, including Reuters of Osama Yamama, managed to leave the US
on specially chartered flights.
Now, newly released government records show previously on the Supply to the Laws Vegas
and elsewhere and point to a more active role by the FBI in aiding some of the Saudis
in their departure.
The FBI gave personal airport escorts to two prominent Saudi families who fled the US and
several other Saudis were allowed to leave the country without first being interviewed
the document show.
The Saudi families in LA and in Orlando requested the FBI escorts because they said they were
concerned for their safety and the wake of the attacks.
And the FBI, which was then beginning the biggest criminal investigation in its history,
arranged to have agents escort them to their local airports to documents be showing.
But FBI officials acted angrily both internally and publicly to this suggestion that any
Saudis had received preferential treatment leaving the country.
I say, below me, to any inference we red-carpeted any of this entourage.
And FBI officials said in 2003 internal note another FBI official speaking on condition
of anonymity said this week regarding the airport escorts that we do that for anybody if
they felt they were threatened.
We wouldn't characterize that as special treatment.
The documents were obtained through a freedom of information.
I lawsuit against the justice department by judicial watch.
Oh, by the way, speaking of judicial watch, you know, it says that wacky Larry Clayman
is also there from judicial watch along with Randall Terry and the Reverend Pat Mahoney.
I don't know who that is.
Oh, Larry Clayman from judicial watch.
It's another right wing bunch of wackos.
What's your big, you know, once in a great while they do something that makes sense,
but more often than not.
Not, you know what I mean?
He's there a screaming about these.
You, all right.
Oh, she's parched and her lips are cracked and this is murder.
It's murder and we've be siege the governor to get his fat ass in there and drag Portary
out and take her home and like, usually there was a door stop.
Oh, I wonder how it's get voted on the po悦.
Oh, seriously, he's the anti Christ right there is your fat ass governor.
He is the evil one.
You may think it's the brother, the brother of a small potato, believe you me, the brother
is like, he's like a puppet.
He's a mannequin.
But the jebster, there's the real, real dangerous and in fact, really when you look at the way
he's behaved, although of course he's covering his own political ass, but it's almost surprising
that he didn't send them in there.
Well, I mean, he had sent them, but they didn't tell him to go ahead and drag her out.
Right.
When that had been nice scene, they would have been like the Ayatola falling out of the
plane.
And it was, can't get fell out that time in Iran.
Oh, they're bringing Terry out on the gurney and their fight.
Oh, she just fell on the ground.
Look at that.
You're right, she's rolling down the hill.
She says vibrant as they come.
That brother of hers, boy, he really, he really frosted my ass.
I want to keep singing about how she was vibrant and alive and communicating.
Right.
She's vibrating.
Right.
I think they ought to give him a close look at that.
Cute.
28 after 11 at 5.
60 WQM on the Marlins pregame show.
This is QAM, by the way.
We don't have any names.
It's just QAM.
Fritz and Franz beerhouse, so much so they're going to bring food next week when I'm
around.
All right.
And it'll be brought where I see I can eat that.
I can do actions.
Fritz and Franz beerhouse in the Gables is bringing Bavarian style fun back to South Florida.
Why not come by and say, good and tag and sample some of the most delicious German Bavarian
cuisine anywhere outside of northeast in Europe?
Schnitzel, grot worst, salads and strutal, all in an atmosphere that would make the Von
Trapp family proud, and don't forget the Worst-Hunter leader boots.
It's enough beer to get your leader hosin in a knot.
Fritz and Franz isn't only making the hills come alive with a sound of music, it's turning
coral gables into a veritable little Frankfurt.
I thought it already was because it Fritz and Franz, it's October fest every single day.
Located at 60 Merrick Way, a block west of Miracle Mile, it's the ideal meeting place for
those people who like to march to the beat of a different tuba.
So, call for directions and monthly Worst-Hunter beer festival information.
305, 774, 1883, and tell me that old, Bratworth, Lover, Neil, since you buy it.
That's 305, no comments.
774, 1883 for Fritz and Franz beerhouse, not your ordinary Oompa place.
The oil sings in Neil Rogers.
The rest of the world is five-sequences.
You am.
Exploding balls.
Ape, Hen Lincoln.
He held our nation together.
He freed the slaves.
He may have liked dudes.
Now, the Franklin Mint in cooperation with the San Francisco Federal Reserve is issuing
a limited edition commemorative Lincoln $3 bill.
The front of the bill features the stoic face of our most liberated president in his
stretching stove pipe hat.
On the reverse side, a totally redecorated Lincoln memorial with lovely window treatments
and more closet space.
Each of these notes is printed in green ink with use of red, white, and blue and a wonderful
fuchsia.
Order now and receive a special edition dollar coin featuring the image of Eleanor Roosevelt
and a rainbow-colored question mark.
The Lincoln $3 bill and Eleanor Roosevelt rainbow coin are available for a limited time.
So act now.
Before these coveted collector's items return to our vaults never to come out again.
You're fairy.
1133-27-095-60W.
Marlon's on deck at 1250-0.
Your Florida Marlins and the Orioles in Fort Longerdale.
I guess, Hank's not.
Don't let me forget tomorrow morning and I cross over.
Okay.
Move out to your lawyer.
He's been taking some shots again at the Marlins and the stadium thing, which nobody
wants to go to a stadium and everybody orange-bull.
By the way, nobody wants to go there.
But so I guess Jeffrey Laurie has got him off his list for the time being.
All right.
And now that's screw-in is no longer around.
I guess Jeffrey would be the one to get Hank suspended again.
Let's not do it to the least after Friday when we see that trend come up.
But that's going to be ugly.
Oh, you think that those of us on the air on the station are ugly.
Wait till you see those numbers on Friday.
Is it Friday?
I don't know.
Well, why don't we know?
Because I don't.
Well, why are we in the dark?
Why is that on our calendar?
Why isn't somebody in that place putting their nose to the grinds doing it, get with
it already?
And giving us some information after all, this is your rating central headquarters on
this show for the last about 75 years in a market.
This is where everybody, even a janitor, tunes in here, those numbers.
Doug Thompson who writes the rant in Capitol Hill, blue, and I don't care what you say.
It's a great website and he's the best.
He writes, Shane takes a holiday.
Of all the nutcase activists, groups littering the landscape of America, few are more hypocritical
in the so-called right to life movement, one by a fanatics who tried to turn the private
family tragedy of brain damage, flurity, and terry shabble into their latest political
ploy.
Normally, these fruit cakes stick to a bortens their issue of choice, bombarding us with
images of bloody fetuses and arguing that life begins whenever a sperm encounters an egg.
For years now, they have tried and failed to get the US Supreme Court to overturn their
Roe v. Wade decision, the one that legalized abortion in this country, abortion they claim
is murder and they want nothing to do with murder.
These claims are, of course, a hypocritical crack of borschtment and these same humanitarian
stand by and cheer when some of their flock, bomb abortion clinics, or kill doctors who
perform the legal operations.
They advocate murder to advance their cause, urge citizens to break the law to protest
illegal act, and have no problems about turning the shybo case into a shameful circus of
photo-ops.
The right to life is from the core, form the core of the social conservative movement that
has taken over the Republican Party like a flesh-eating cancer.
Social conservatives compromise a frightening collection of hypocrites, bigots, racist
and homophobes who fear what they can't understand and want the government to outlaw anything
they hate.
And they hate a lot.
Spend a few minutes if you can stomach it, reviewing some of their propaganda and you'd
find hate-filled bile that avoids fact and plays on emotions and gullibility.
Like so much of the GOP agenda, the repeal is aimed at the ignorant conspiracy-driven
masses.
Right to life is what rather see a poor woman carry a child to terms where can be born
into a cycle of poverty and crime.
They don't care if a pregnancy occurs from rape or incest.
All life they claim is precious, except of course the lives of anyone who supports abortion,
or send an abortion clinic or performs the act, those lives are expendable in the name
of the so-called humanity.
Take a close look at the heart of the right to life movement.
You'll find these same humanitarian often support the death penalty, or politicians are saying
young men are women to die in senseless wars.
Their hypocrisy knows no bounds, and they have no shame when it comes to supporting their
cause, which includes illegal acts and try to stop something that they claim is murder,
but which the courts and according to most polls the majority of American people say
is not.
Soon Terry Shival will die and bring long overdue peace to a poor woman who has been nothing
but a political pawn for too long.
Sadly, the right to life movement will not die with her.
It'll simply search without shame for another tragedy to exploit if hypocrisy is never
die.
They just fade away.
In these cases they don't even fade away.
You know, he always writes good stuff, Doug Thompson.
I don't know what you beef his with him.
Oh, yeah, I hate the guy.
Yeah, you just don't like that beard.
What's the most divisive thing in the world today that's our poll on our website today?
Which we could have done another tasteless poll about Terry in that...
Shoot!
Then we had Paul Burns all upset.
I'm gonna make a list for me, our website.
Yeah, everywhere he goes now.
He's gonna make sure that is that on the list?
I'm not going in there.
Well, guess what Paul?
Every business in South Florida, every food place, every restaurant, every automotive place,
every gas station, they're all on QAM.
Every one of them.
Every single one.
So I guess Paul you're gonna have to sit in your house and maybe we can send you that.
Shoot!
She's not using it now.
What do you think?
That's right.
But yeah, well, we'll pull on that tomorrow.
What do we do with Paul?
We get him the hooker, send him the tube, send him the...
Shoot!
Excuse me, sorry about that rush.
489 votes and a religion, like I said, 497 votes.
Religions got 376, almost 76%.
You see that?
76 from bone, 76%.
See that?
Spirit of 76.
Union 76.
And by the way, Mr. President, thank you for those low gas prices again.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
We can't thank you enough.
And all the dead soldiers.
2045.
Politics 32.
Race 20.
Language only 8.
That's interesting.
And South Florida's only 8th say language.
Education level 7.
Ethnicity 5.
Sexual orientation only 4.
FAMING!
You fairy!
So what does that say?
Almost 500 votes.
Religion.
All the fairy tales.
All the time.
God is waiting.
You know, you just take a look at that.
And these pictures, by the way, that you're seeing here,
these are four years old.
Oh yeah, these video tapes that they've got.
Right.
They keep showing them.
Oh, this was a couple of hours ago.
It was Terry.
And she's knocking on the door.
She's ringing that buzzer, which she wants to room service.
She's vibrant.
He's vibrant.
Right.
Let's see.
Here's a fact that, say, just wanted to let you know we're out
here.
We love you until you come.
All the articles you read, better than the show's
dedicated to the polls on best foods.
Now, see, they can't say something nice without a shot,
right?
We're not going to change the world here on a show.
We're not going to say mankind from itself.
We're not going to change almost anybody's opinion.
But anyway, it says, I may be in a minority based on the feedback
you've collected for work shows people like.
I just wanted to sense something in, with my office's opinion.
It's refreshing to hear an atheist slash
agnostic perspective in the media.
It's amazing how we're going backwards as a society.
Well, taking big gigantic leaps back into the stonage,
on language, on sexual attitudes, on everything in the US.
While the rest of the world is moving in one direction,
the US is taking gigantic huge leaps back into the stonage.
It says, keep reading, don't say it again.
People telling me what to do.
Keep reading, don't dumb down your show to mesh well
with the sports nerds.
Keep up the great work.
PS that did you play with a crazy lady reminded me
whatever happened with Tuwami.
You see that?
No, that was a silly bit.
That wasn't a change, mankind.
Yeah.
God, it sucks.
So anyway, thank you for the nice comments
and the bad ones.
I'll just pretend it's on in there.
We liked the food shows last week.
Josh and Miguel liked all the free food.
And yeah, it's one of those things.
I was in a food mood.
And I don't have any problem with those shows last week.
I thought we had a good time.
I'll second that.
Yeah.
Josh seconds, he takes some free meals anytime.
And I still don't know what's going on over there
at Morton's take house.
That we got Moan is white.
Toto, tooto, tooto.
Himba and his wife.
Toto, tooto, tooto.
And a hopper all there on the same night.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
There's some kind of a free deal going on because of,
I know nobody from Nishogadden invited.
I'll tell you that.
That's right.
I just, I don't understand how anybody can be under 700 pounds
and eat all their meals and restaurants.
You just have to have a little something to refrigerate, OK?
I got my Schneider's frozen hamburgers in there.
When it shows over at 12.50, I'll go in there.
I'll take one.
I'll put it in a frying pan with a little olive oil,
olive oil, and I'll take some onions,
chop them up, put them in there around it.
I'll take some shredded taco, a schmacko cheese,
and put it there on top of the onions and a burger,
no bun.
And that'll be my lunch.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
As opposed to going to a restaurant,
I'm going to tell you people who ate all their meals in restaurants
are doomed to be fat, forever.
Such a thing, McDonald's thing.
They got a bad rap.
It's all the restaurants.
When you ever see those news stories, that is wrong.
What's wrong with you?
A restaurant and a starter, and a bread, and butter,
and then with all kinds of stuff, man.
Everything they make, of course, is loaded up with sugar
and salt, and it can take the taste of it.
It makes it really the elish, man.
It does a khosaski on your taste buds,
but on your innards, man, it's a killin' ya.
I'm not gonna give up.
Who might've talked about that again, five pounds?
That's my first bad couple of weeks in a long time.
I've been hovering right there between 188 and 192
for a long time.
I've been on the not-so-straight-nirro-patter for a while now.
So I had a bad week.
Blaine's Josh and Miguel for it.
Hey, you're the one that ate the leader of ice cream
that you didn't even like.
Yeah, I did.
I did do the right.
Now, I didn't have to tell you that.
I didn't have to tell about that.
It was Cadbury's crispy crunch.
Now, see, like I said,
there's a lot of great candy bars here
that you have in the States.
Like, crispy crunch and crunchy.
So what's in there?
Huh? What's in there?
Crispy crunch.
There's two whole candy bars in the whole leader.
Ooh, take me to your leader.
No, it's not.
But it's not good.
It's like a vanilla base.
It's in the...
Look at the no taste, Daniel.
Like, having I told you the candy ice cream vanilla base,
if you can use a chocolate base or something good.
Right. Now you're talking.
I see if I can find that.
So 17 to a noon at QAM,
hey, when you shop for quality,
food where there is a store that everybody that's got
a brain loves, it's brandy's in pop and a beach,
where you'll find an unbeatable,
let me say it again, unbeatable combination.
They got the best selection,
the largest selection of men's and women's brand names
used in the market.
They got professional sales, also care about you,
want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time,
and they got unbeatable prices too.
What's not to like?
At Brandy's top quality names, like rock ports,
floor shine, S-A-S,
sparey, timberland, naturalizer, all the others,
you'll love it.
They're open every day, seven days a week at Brandy's,
Monday through Saturday, nine till nine,
and Sundays 10 to five.
When you find Brandy's at 1290,
North Federal Highway and Poppet of Beach,
it's worth a trip to take good care of your feet.
And this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's.
Take 30%,
30% off on all great naturalizer women's styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass in the store
or do your shoe shopping right online at brandyshews.com.
You're listening to Needle Needle Roger this exclusively
on 560 QAM.
Fan of Hooters.
You'll be completely underwhelmed
when you visit this far lessened out franchise.
Welcome to Flapjacks, how may I help you?
Flapjacks, where the only place you'll find breasts
is on the menu.
Here's your chicken flatter.
I guess I don't need to pretend
to drop my fork at this place.
At Flapjacks, you'll get great A-Service
by an A-Cup Weight Step.
Wow, honey.
This place is a really nice sound, yeah.
I don't know.
Reminds me of driving through Iowa.
Flapjacks, it's flat out fun.
Leaven 48, 12 and then all by the way,
last week, Port Joshua has never been anywhere,
even fewer places than you've been.
When I told him that Omaha was a pretty good place
and great food and really wild people,
he and my gal need a one, could believe that.
I don't know how you can play that, by the way.
I think I've been to quite a few places.
This is him, they've been made just to play along.
Have you been to Boston?
No.
New York?
Yes, maybe.
Have you been to New York?
Is that Buffalo?
No.
Good.
Go on backwards.
Go on backwards.
No, no, no.
Well, why not?
Pittsburgh?
No.
St. Louis?
No.
Detroit?
No.
Good.
Albany?
Not in Albany, you know.
Well, what does that mean?
Not in Albany, by the way.
It's Albany, whatever.
Well, what does that mean?
In New York, you know.
On New York City, in other words, that covers the whole state.
No.
Rochester, you've been to Rochester?
We're going to go with cities now, like, as opposed to what?
Counties, states are bigger.
Counties?
How about you say this?
States are giving me a little more credit.
You've never been to Michigan?
No.
I rest my case.
See what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, let's take some calls here.
Okay, we only got an hour to go in and we got to Marlins again.
We've got a couple more things here.
Three.
But I don't know.
I don't want to do a lot of reading, because then the people in it offer us over there.
I'll see.
He's reading a lot of stories today.
He's listening to what I'll do, whatever the hell I want to do.
Okay.
I don't like these people giving me instructions.
I have a lot of people out there to try to satisfy.
And especially in a market where, we don't mind.
No.
No.
No matter what it is you do it, they're not happy with that.
Maybe if you do it tomorrow they might like it, but definitely not today.
It's always been that way and always will be.
There are a bunch of mouth contents.
But we take one week out of 52, which I work with.
How many weeks is it about five weeks a year?
And at one week, and we have a few shows where we just had...
And I did not read some stories last week.
Didn't I talk about Terry Shival last week?
I have.
Talk about all the stuff that was going on.
It's just an in-between.
We did a food pool.
That's all.
And we're watching to keep reading.
And we see this is one of those militant atheists, which is good.
I like that.
I'm very... I'm going to hope for that.
But if that's all we did on the show, we wouldn't be on the air.
So what would we benefit by then?
This business about, well don't pan.
Look, we got to do whatever we have to do to get the biggest possible audience.
That's the reality of staying on the air, Schmuck's.
Okay?
Students said all the facts as you want with all your instructions.
In fact, next, that might not just make a list of all the things we ought to do on a show every day.
You know, the top 10 things we ought to be doing, that satisfy your orifice.
And by the way, get back to work.
Do something useful.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon's Singular Wireless Line.
I think the next, of course, Purim was last week.
Right?
We got Eastern Monday and we got Spring Break.
We're like, you know, we're just trendin' water right now.
So why give them the good stuff?
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
Fantastic.
Listen, I listen to Georgia show this past Friday, sir.
And someone called about one 30 in the afternoon and talking about a band that played late Thursday night on the last call with Carson Bailey.
Yeah.
And it's a full-blown, Hasidic Jewish guy doing reggae.
Oh!
And it's absolutely incredible.
And I thought I'd give you the website and the name of the band, at least to check it out.
It's well worth your time.
And I thought it's a fantastic thing to check out.
I was wondering.
Well, the family are smoothie-boot-tats.
No, almost.
You almost got it right.
I couldn't even pronounce that one.
So the name of the band is my pursuant.
It's M-A-T.
No, no, listen.
You can really get a list of you.
If they have a website, you'll have a picture of the guy on there.
Not a pursuant.
It's M-A-T.
Choosing Japs.
No, no.
You got this is well worth your time.
Oh, that's right.
Okay, it's M-A-T-I-S-Y-A-H-U.
That's the name of the band and the website, www.hasidicreggae.com.
And I will guarantee you, put a smile on your face.
I think it's a, I looked over at this TV and I saw this full blown,
Hasidic Jewish guy in a blast at the bed.
Oh, don't sit there again.
Let's see a full blown.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I know.
Okay, pal.
Happy, happy forum.
Thank you, sir.
Have a good day, nearly.
I'll read the literature.
Happy surprise.
Yeah.
I'm only playing with it.
Just a little, a little taste.
I don't want to get to people that work or if it's upset.
Oh, I might play the voice melody.
For the anti-crash.
For the senator, a fake.
You fairy.
Get rich.
Get your choice.
I'm the kosher dish cocking.
Haven't played that in a hundred years, have we?
And probably for good reason.
Anyway, be sure to look up that website and check out those, I see them.
Okay.
Make sure they're not wearing all that heavy clothing because I understand it's like in the 90s already.
It's still in the march and it's already like 99.
Oh, it's 100 degrees.
And human and the shade men's going to be a long, hot summer.
So I may not be there quite as long as I was suggesting.
How many QA and hello?
I think how we're used today.
Pretty good.
Good.
I don't want to be a hypocrite or anything, but the full cherry shy will think I don't really care about it too much.
But let me ask her because her husband's fancy benefits financially from her demise.
The whole thing is very good.
The whole thing is very good.
The financial year already got the money and the money is allegedly all spent.
That's when the shinler started not getting along with him so well.
By the way, you owe us some of that money and he said there's no money left.
And that's when they stopped talking to him.
All right.
Because there are certain allegations going around that.
What is all the time allegations going around now?
Because that was the last resort of these lunatics is he beat her up.
And he took the first seven years that he was in this vegetative state and he dedicated his entire life and education to try to find a cure for her.
That to me doesn't sound like somebody that's trying to exploit his wife and then beat her to a crack.
Exactly.
I agree with you.
But so many people are saying that he has a life insurance policy on her.
But the whole life insurance policy is ridiculous because when they, when she was fine, they were barely scraping through.
Who gets a million dollar life insurance policy?
When you can't afford your own apartment.
It's ridiculous that people come up with these things.
Yeah. Well, let's see.
Make it up as you go along, Pallee.
Anyway, you know, quit crying over this woman.
There's millions of people out there that are everywhere that are dying, whether they're hunger, war, whatever.
5,000 every day.
5,000 people that did you know that?
By the way, I'm sure you didn't know that.
One of the people who was a specialty is in dealing with end-of-life situations like this.
He was on one of the 80,000 talking hits yours over a weekend.
5,000 people die every day who have life support removed.
And that's just in the US.
In other words, where they remove the Q or whatever other life support the ventilator that keeps him going.
I mean, being fed, being fed your way, Q is artificial life support.
There's no question about that.
But nevertheless, although I guess when you get to who you get your nutrition through your naval like that,
it gets into your stomach a lot faster that way, right?
Right.
You should try it.
Yeah, let's give it a shot.
Okay, in fact, can you imagine having some of that great Nestle Turtle ice cream in a...
Chew!
Oh, yeah, just put the tube in your naval.
Woo!
Man!
A boiled whole team problem.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, then you wouldn't have to worry about all those cavities either, you know.
That's right.
5,6,7, look at this phone, man.
I wonder what are the humpers with psychotic this morning, man.
There ain't nothing going on with these people.
They're good part of it, it is those break time.
And of course, we got the Marlon Game of 1250.
It's a damn good thing we got that Marlon Game.
We love the Marlins.
They are the best.
Yeah.
Especially when they're playing day games that start like nice and early.
I'm thinking like a new game tomorrow, I'll be there.
Yeah, let's play four like we already know.
I know, let's play 10.
Four minutes till noon in a QA.
Don't forget we got Gildi right after the Marlon Game.
That's the word of warning.
Curtis and Lenny Marte is just a show that we got a sense of humor seven o'clock tonight.
That's winning Marte's.
The Emerald Coast is thought as number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant.
Reviewing out every night, you can enjoy crab fest featuring a laskin snow crab legs.
Golden crab, Jonas Stone crabs and crab takes.
Members join in the whale?
Yeah.
Well, this is a whale of a place.
The menu still includes hot thunders in this crab fresh oysters on a half shell on a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
An additional Emerald Coast has handcar premiere of Cooked Just the Way You Like It.
And from their flaming grill New York sticks for the order too.
Top off you dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain where you can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, other decadent treats too.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes healthy living because they don't cook with any crab.
No MSD, no cornstarchs, they cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free can all oral too.
Don't forget take the whole gang to one Emerald Coast relocations for a real feast in sunrise, Sunday else beats in Pember Finds.
If you talk to Richard Reeving, I say we leave him, stick some of that food through a shoe right right into your public.
We'll be good. Oh, an empty delish in sunrise, Sunday else and Pember Finds, Column 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
You are listening to Neil Roger's.
Here.
I am Fraul Iliana, Russian Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the Neil Roger, I'm gonna use the hour.
The guy is...
Now that serial killer Dennis Rader has ended his 30 year reign of terror, Burger King is commemorating this event with a BTK kids meal.
Yummy!
A Wapar Jr. small prize and suffering with a different toy surprise in every meal.
I got a roll of duck pain.
I got some needle nose priors.
Since there's no new Pixar movie out this week, this is the only promotional tie in our marketing geniuses could come up with.
Hey look, these kitchen packets are filled with fake blood.
Yay!
It's the only BTK kids meal.
Have it your way.
This is a flake.
Now that BTK has been put away.
Okay, I'm looking at the radar there.
And this is the line of showers.
It's a little thin line.
This is tipping on through.
Maybe some 40 mile hour gusty winds.
Okay.
Okay.
Maybe it's already...
Huh?
It's like Southwest of Miami and then like moving through...
It's just moving through a little quick.
And the reason I'm saying gold panic is because we got that ball game.
Right.
The last thing we need is not going to use post-pulmance or crap like that.
The game is on.
Believe me, whether they want to play or not, that game is on.
I'm looking at the log here.
I don't want to start picking on anybody.
But the water not seem to be off her feet.
Maybe somebody disconnected her...
You think?
Because we could easily be doing three breaks to the shower.
And since I notice we have like all real commercials on today.
Like all day long.
The ones that Paul Burns won't be going to subsidize.
Right.
We could easily have another break in there.
And probably a thousand dollars that were just flushing down the toilet there.
I mean a thousand bucks.
Some people like George and the Josh didn't there right away.
Yeah, probably.
We would get probably...
It's a non...
Listen to me.
To some people it's a significant amount of cash.
So evidently this outfit is doing so great that flushing away a grand like that.
There could be any...
I mean, it's almost criminal what's in here.
See what I'm saying?
What could we be doing three breaks to the shower instead of two?
Follow where I'm on my...
Yeah, it's my...
What does that make any sense to you?
Of course not.
Of course not.
But I stopped questioning them here a long time ago.
Oh, don't ask.
Right.
And we won't tell.
Okay, there's not a call on the board.
We got 45-40 minutes to go.
I may read the status-fighters people in that orifice.
5-670-560.
I'll give it one shot because you would think that with all the stuff that's been going on all weekend,
like the hopper said this morning, that these people would be like foaming at the mouth with stuff.
But they don't.
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
Is this QAAM?
There was no doubt in my mind.
The Prozac kid.
In fact, pull the...
Sheerlette clown right now.
Please.
QAAM, hello.
Hello.
How are you today?
Okay, how are you this year?
I'm doing great.
I have a fire report for you.
Yeah?
I saw Mohawar David and Ben are in Morton and somebody else picked up the check.
Somebody else picked up the check?
Who picked up?
Yeah.
The couple next to them picked up the check.
The couple next to them picked up the check.
The big one.
I love it.
I thought you liked that.
Thanks for the good news.
You're welcome.
You have a good day.
And you too.
That sounded a little like Woody, didn't it?
It wasn't handy.
It was.
No, I know.
It sounded just like Woody Jr.
Woody, pay if the other guy didn't pick up the check.
That's the question speaking of Woody.
Woody, pay?
No.
So it's always nice when somebody else picks up the check.
Absolutely.
WDQAAM, hello.
Yeah.
What do you think this offer is going to be addressed in the picture?
I'm probably out there in the draft right now at 40 mile hour wind.
WDQAAM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes.
I just wanted to say there's one fantastic irony in this whole shyvo.
And what is that?
And that is that guys like the Bush brothers in Tom Delay who are pandering to the lunatic
fringe, in Saturday's Harold, the spokespeople are saying they haven't done enough.
They haven't been enough for these wackos.
Yeah.
So that's what they were saying.
Well, by the way, I'm a pan-mahoney and these other and Randall Terry and these terrorists,
they wanted, yeah, they wanted him to like go to jail.
They wanted him to go in there and kidnap her which they wanted to hurt you doing, by the way.
And to whisk her out of there and take custody of her and like maybe go spirited her off into who knows where, you know.
Well, maybe they've learned to like, you know, to lie down with dogs and get pleased.
Exactly.
You know, it didn't work out for them.
One more thing, Carl Heisen's call him yesterday and they're going to be like,
Heen also had a good call.
I read it.
They put it on our website.
I can't believe the first time that's two in a year.
Not bad.
Yeah, and I had never heard, for example, that the shadow parents, the shinlers,
had actually at one point signed off on the fact that she was in a persistent vegetative state.
Right.
It's a good article.
It's only after Michael didn't cough up money for them that they all the sudden started getting silly.
Yeah.
All right.
Keep up the good work.
Okay, Tony.
Thanks.
How many QA&H?
Yeah, one hundred to deal.
Speaking.
Deal.
How are you?
I'm just so it's you know, this is a little late.
I was at the art festival and I went by 1360, you know, on the end and they've swam there for that.
Yeah.
And I sent to my, he said, well, we have billed in it as our leader and I said, I'm more of a heroized,
you say, I'm an American guy.
And he said, he gave me my back.
He said, you have some liberal bastards.
Yeah.
Who was the, who was the he?
Yeah, he was the person from 1360 AM.
The director of that guy.
Oh, that, that went out.
The director, you know, they went from classical to all that.
Yeah, I'm just calm down.
Okay, wait.
That's what old news we realized they put a bunch of politics on there.
Oh, I know.
But it gave me my official badge.
I mean, that's a liberal badge.
Excellent.
Well, we're probably Kelly and have a great day.
Thank you, too.
How many QA&H?
Hello.
I'm listening to the other column radio.
Hold on.
All right.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Radio.
Yes, sir.
It's me.
You know, we're in Hangover right now.
Not yet.
This is we too.
It's me.
Right.
It's here.
It's just waiting to see the, yeah, it's him.
It's me.
Not gonna happen me.
That's, I have no life.
That's a desperate.
In fact, I would say disconnect his, you right now.
We got a lot of tubes in the evening disconnected.
A lot of people in a vegetative state.
And a persistent vegetative state.
It's me.
I got a, like that.
WNQA and hello.
Not there.
Uh oh.
I got the, I was going to read this.
The darkness has come right, St. John Tully and the LA sun.
Last year, the Eulerian corrupt house leader, Congressman Tom Delay, personally used the Department
of Homeland Security to track down and locate members of the Texas state legislator who had
fled to Oklahoma after Mr. Delay tried to be district to some state into illogical shapes
that were straight off a sushi plate.
This week, Mr. Delay subpoenaed a brain dead woman to Capitol Hill, the score political
capital from the religious and rigid right and distract from his vast legal problems, including the illegal use of
campaign funds and his current successful attempt to literally change the house ethics rules written in secret.
Texas, of course, is where they execute retarded people in adolescence.
Irving Crystal Sun Bill, the neo-conservative dreamer and top propagandist for the Iraq invasion since his founding of the
project for New American Century, had his experts say on Fox News the other day.
He claimed that one of the neurologists who had examined the medically dead woman said she can recover substantially
if she gets the proper rehabilitation.
It almost makes you long for the days of uninterrupted Atlanta courtroom killer news and video.
There are approximately $8.8 billion missing in Iraq, completely unaccounted for, according to U.S. led co-illustin for
visual authority.
Never wanted to miss an opportunity for irony, President Bush nominated yet another chief architect of the Iraq invasion, Paul Wolfowitz,
to run the World Bank.
That's a perfect triangle of failure with a secretary of state who did a miserable job advising the President on national security
and an attorney general who tried to find legal leap holes in torture laws, legal leap holes.
A recent document uncovered how a burden is newest over charge of $108 million for Jordanian and Turkish fuel.
The cost stated did not reconcile the count of 2KBRs accounting and added a countless overcharges,
totaling close to $2 billion.
Meanwhile, Congress decides to investigate steroid use in professional baseball.
They must not know that Sean Relivius still missing.
The media swine scoffed and smirked veteran journalist Dan Radler's final plea for courage as they ripped apart Michael Jackson for wearing pajamas
and blacked at the airwaves with coverage of Martha Stewart.
It's always hard to figure out weekend and week out who the biggest media weeny is.
George Will and David Brooks took both hardly way to make immediate, cheeky, medium-mouth references to France and discussing the Syria mess and Lebanon.
Everyone in the Cool Kids Media Club was praising the President for his bold leadership,
although almost two months have gone by since the Iraqi election, and the many sides are still fighting the country as a bloody mess.
Or is it the three-headed liberal weeny, the Eventaume Howard Feynman Chris Matthews monster with their newest stick that just so wacky it might work?
George Bush is an idiot genius who had allied to America to get us into a war to bring freedom to the Middle East,
to subtitle we won't know for 50 years.
Talk about mission creeps.
In fact, all three men were performing it brilliantly last week after about 20 minutes of adolescent discussion of Mr. Jackson's wardrobe
and Mr. Wood's homecoming on Radio Legend Don Ims' program.
That hardly left them any time to discuss a brand new appointment of America's Chief Diplomate to the UN, Mr. John Bolton.
The little covered in criticism and media did give the truly absurd nomination, usually referred to a bad joke that Mr. Bolton had once told about cutting off the top floors of the UN building and in not mattering.
But the consistently undiplomatic Mr. Bolton once seriously asserted that the United States, we are the Security Council.
One of the few reporters left in the DC, Mark Shields, remarked that the nomination was like naming Howard Stern as your chief of protocol or Murray Baker Eddie as your surgeon general.
Back in the middle of 2003, before John Stewart was a big star, Mr. Matthews was on the daily show and was asked about the presidential election in the long list of Democratic candidates.
The war that Mr. Matthews had passively or aggressively cheerleaded had not been going well.
The questions that he failed to ask the politicians and leaders about the preparation and planning for the war were coming home to roost.
With all his experience in war, warishing Tennessee calls it in his Pennsylvania draw, working for the late-grade Tip O'Neill among others,
this would be a perfect opportunity to educate young people about the issues on a cool TV show and discuss the politics involved with them.
But Mr. Matthews tried to be hip and irreverent and summarize the whole field of candidates by giddily telling Stewart that Congressman Dick Gebhard had big eyebrows.
Hilarious. Tip O'Neill was probably rolling in his grave that summer night and just about the same time out in Colorado an old salty dog named Hunter West Thompson was stewing about the sorry state of affairs in America.
The journalist and author fumed it is genuinely incredible. The US Treasury is empty. We're losing that stupid fraudulent chicken crap war in Iraq and every country in the world except the handful of corrupt Brits despises us.
We're losers and that is the one unforgivable sin in America. Beyond that we've lost a respect of the world and lost two disastrous wars in three years.
Afghanistan is lost. Iraq is a permanent war zone. Our national economy is crashing all around us and the Pentagon's worst strategy has failed miserably.
Nobody has got any money to spend and our wants might US America is paralyzed by mutinies in Iraq and even for drag.
The American nation is in the worst condition I can remember in my lifetime and our prospects for the immediate future are even worse.
I'm surprised and embarrassed to be part of the first American generation to leave the country in far worse shape than it was when we first came into it.
Our highway system is crumbling. Our police are dishonest. Our children are poor. Our votted social security once the envy of the world has been looted and neglected and destroyed by the same gang of ignorant greed crazed vatres who brought us via dom.
Afghanistan the disastrous ganzas strip and ignominious defeat all over the world. The stock market will never come back. Our armies will never be number one again and our children will drink filthy water for the rest of our lives.
He ended his diet cry by declaring big darkness come soon. The day after Thompson killed himself to beat up pod upon an entire looking Mr. Radha declared simply a grammatically, Gonzo was dead.
The fact was immediately evident upon watching the cable news channels. CNN's duty would rough introduce two young women computers who were reading web logs to gauge a reaction to the sad news.
One of the women stated that Mr. Thompson had basically pioneered the practice of Gonzo journalism. Mr. Amis's producer's dude, Bernie McCork and sports dude Sid Rosenberg just could not for the life of them figure out what all the fuss was about regarding Mr. Thompson's death.
What did he ever do, Chordel? They pulled ball-headed producer who was this guy laughed Mr. Rosenberg. But their questions would soon be answered by the news bunnies at MSNBC who were broadcasting live from the studio with in depth coverage of the top story. The darkness had indeed come.
Getting dark? Yeah, by the mercy. That's what they say in Detroit. Where it's always kind of 1213 at 560. Let's take a look at that poll. Who is the most divisive force in this freaking world today? You got 627 votes religion 76% 475. How do you like that? Oh my God.
Money 61 politics 40 raised 23 language 9 education level 8 ethnicity 7 sexual orientation. You're very poor. How do you like that? Okay, you got to believe baby.
You are a teacher, middle Roger Arrell.
I check oneself. Thank you for coming. I'm 50 cent in under game. We're here to put it into this violent rap war. My call in it's roots.
But truth I thought we was calling a ceasefire. Now fool and those ceasefire truth your step off is a ceasefire. It's a true ceasefire.
So far. You're very from 19 at 560 WQ and let's take a couple of calls and before we know it will be time for the pregame show, right? I have a couple of launches will be good. So what do they bring on Friday?
Just the ribs are like the triplets. But we do the ribs. From Kansas City, stay house again. That is correct. Very very good ribs. That's too sweet.
I think it's going to be like 745 tomorrow going to be 11 7, 11 maybe 52 starting tomorrow in the fiddies. They're like that speaking of the 50 cent. Somebody Q. I. Am hello.
Yeah, I think we should use Terry Siva was like a bargaining chip to get me sure these slots are class three. Yeah, that's an idea. Yeah, we'll give her to the depth there and he just signs off on those class three slots. Right. Oh, then we can take that to and put in the right slot. That's a good idea. It's a slot problem. What do you say? Right?
So W and hello or is no well, Bush would say a crack problem. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. Listen, maybe you could check it out. I think it was over the weekend. They had CNN had a thing about Rick Stanchas getting zapped by one of those 50,000 voltage. Yeah, we already had that last week. Old news. We got it on the website by the way, the video. Yeah, no news. W and hello. This 790. You know what it's not. Why would you want to call them? Call them instead. Q. I. Am hello.
Line nine. Yeah, Neil. Please speaking, please. The mega box is a. This is Bob Lincoln. It is. Okay, get out of here. What? I don't know what I talked to him. Sounds like an old drug for credit. I get him. I would like. Well, I said, like I said, get him off. See if you ask it out people. If it's public and sooner or later it is WQ I am hello.
I know. Yeah, we got this guy. Alright, W Q. I. Am you got this guy? If it's birth from the Q. I. Am. Yes, I go. Yes. Yes, this is top the way. No, do they do? Okay, red top lane. I got an act today. I don't know. Go away because you sound kind of gay W Q. I. Am hello. We love the more. They are so. W Q. I. Am hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You. Ferry. W Q. I. Am. Hello. Hey, Neil.
Yes. I know George might have watched the sentence last night. They had a tribute to Rick Sanchez from the news anchor Kent Brockman. The lady come along and said, how about that guy nailed with your car? He's still dead.
Little George saw that. Yes. Yes. He saw it. You saw George. Yeah, it's on. Okay. Well, that's all I wanted to say. Have a good. Thank God.
W Q. I. Am. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Dave Wellington. You were a racist bag. Okay, great. I'm real happy to hear it. W Q. I. Am. Hello. Is this the line list show? Yes, Samson speaking. W Q. I. Am. Hello. People's personalities are devices. W Q. I. Am. Hello.
W Q. I. Am. Oh, well, these people are just wild. Like I said, only the losers are left in town now. Sorry. W Q. I. Am. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, you know what? I'll talk to you. The poor lady. We haven't heard that. Today's poor. I'm lovely. Today is not poor. I'm poor. I'm was last Thursday. I'm sorry. I miss you. No, too bad. Go eat some still home and touch and get out of here. The poor lady. Do we did anybody ever call her the poor lady?
In addition to which Schmuck, we already played it about how many times today?
I'm happy for me. Happy for me. Happy for me. Happy for me. And don't forget to top it all off. Have the season pace. Yeah, see spread it around five six seven oh five sixty. These are the best man. This is what it's all about. Hope that you people in that office over there. That's something that
Costic facts are in during these intellectual calls. Okay, because I sure am because it's already almost like a half hour before the pregame show, right? Right. Good.
Is there any Kelly and hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, I am. Neil, I'm fortunate. I do not have good news. I don't know if you heard on CNN about an hour ago, an earthquake of the magnitude 8.2.
Yeah, it's a mantra. I saw it. Yeah. Can you and I'm not only that they're saying that this earthquake is categorized as a thrust earthquake, not a side to side, which if you know what that means in geology. Yeah, it means that
it's an aftershock from the tsunami. And what is the what's the point? Well, this is what they're saying that the thrust occurred upwards of 19 miles of death, which means the likelihood of a tsunami happening just like the one in December, 26 are very good.
And unfortunately, the problem with that is it's a 20, four hours difference between us and then that means most of those people are going to be asleep if the tsunami is going to happen again.
Well, isn't that a good way to go? I don't know where God was. I guess he's paying so much attention with the Terry Shival and the pope. He seems to have forgotten to, you know, listen, in Jackson, Demarol and countdown, but we'd have placed Jesus. God almighty talked about whipped up into a psychotic frenzy. Of course, the voice level kept getting higher. And I'm thinking of Jackie Wilson. It's on higher and higher. Yeah, man. Got any higher. Some glass would have started cracking. You know what? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. This is a lot of people. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure
not sure. I'm not sure. Okay, what's my name? What's my name? Jeremy. Where would the staff come from? I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, holy scrub. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean lo Bible tweet and I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, although, they think it's ASMR to give me something stronger when I'm not sure and why they are trying to improve.
I went to the Indian casino this weekend. I'm so sorry. Yeah, the place was
mob right for nothing to do but I at least I left with a couple hundred bucks
of their money even though I didn't know how to operate the machine. Well there you go.
Have a good one, Mayor. And back to you. Take care. I got off a machine in Montreal
and some punk said down to put $40 and it got $3,000 on the line. Is that an interesting story?
It's how it goes in this depressing. I got a great slot story for you. Do you?
A friend of a friend goes in one pull of the machine. Yeah, he grand. I want a puke.
80 grand. Grand one pull first pull of the machine. Oh, and then just look away.
Just wow. Yeah, 70 in a check 10 grand in cash. Where was this at the the one in coconut creek?
At the Indian place, huh? Yeah. Wow. Your friend must really be a friend.
He would have been jumped if he was my friend. Yeah, there's several ways we could look at that.
560, 560, pound 560 at whatever it is. The residence singular wireless line.
I'm just thinking about that. Yeah, yeah. A lot. WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, how's it going today? Okay, pali.
I got the failure of my two cents on Terry Shiloh. Please. All these calls for these these
Christians and everything are not exercising the one power that they have.
Their access to power of prayer. And if God wants to answer their prayers,
then she will live. If God doesn't want to answer prayers, then it's his plan.
And then what do you got those? Maybe God's busy right now. Maybe we've got some leftover
humiliation. He informed that he's eating, huh? All these people are trying to do is to get man
to savor. Why not use their God? Well, they are. They're praying up a storm, man.
Yeah, but they're praying. They're doled back or they're cute, but that's cute.
Cute. They're not. They're not. They're not.
Cute.
They're not.
Cute. That's it.
They're not. They're not.
Playing.
Remember telling us to.
Remember telling me the tuba.
Cube.
Cube.
Yeah. Okay.
Wow.
Man. Oh, man. If we got the power they show is just it's incredible.
Scary. It's like a religion.
Anyway, look at that. The earthquake preliminary magnitude.
8.2. That's a big one, baby. That's huge. That is gigantic.
Basically the place that I'm sending now is quite high level.
So meaning that I can go into this people.
I don't think it would be that those people are, you know, who are.
Oh my God. My TV has started to smell like curry now. I can't stand it.
29 past noon at 560 WDQA. You know, even after all these years that I've been telling about
dollar mattress, there's still some cowards out there afraid to buy a mattress over the phone.
What's wrong with you? When you call 1-800 mattress, the number for dollar mattress,
you'll find out that they've got the most liberal exchange policy.
So there's no risk that you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than
anybody else in the industry. So once you try it, you'll never go back to a showroom again.
I'll bet your popcorn's life on it.
We'll get no nonsense. No one around. No showroom shenanigans.
Just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know, when trust when you call 1-800
mattress, you'll be calling the company, right? Number one in the world,
in customer satisfaction too. Whatever brand you prefer, they got it. They got them all.
Seely, Surtis, Simmons, King Coral, tempered externs, and foster a human.
Whichever one you like, they got it. They're going to schlep it right to you.
And now, dial a mattress off for you. No payments are interest to you. 2006.
So call dial a mattress, toll free for all the details. 1-800 mattress.
I've been using them for years and even more.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
And George, Emigil, and Fat Boy, unless the others at the station,
and you ought to be two, are real satisfied customers.
Call 1-800 mattress right now or log onto their website, mattress.com,
for a great night's sleep for a long, long time, for years to come.
Once the book, I'll do it. 1-800-MATTRES.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
It's a good listen to their on 5-60,
F-U-A-M.
Thanks.
My auntie, tell me.
What a side, Jan, as we go.
No, it goes so.
I like it.
After age 35, most men experience decreased levels up to stosterone.
But if you're like most men, you don't want to take risky pills or harmful injections.
Now, you can renew your manhood the all natural way with testosterone.
Testosterone is the one hormone-ed-rich troster that really sticks out.
Oh, and it's right.
Now there's a way to increase your sex drive and endurance.
Hey, honey, you cook up the testosterone.
I'll provide the sun to the equals that.
And, best of all, testosterone can benefit the whole family, like mom.
Grandma.
Even grandpa.
Nothing yet.
Testosterone, it'll do wonders for your noodle.
Still nothing.
Oh, wait, some more days.
I have a partial arm.
I'm gonna come on, what's wrong?
Okay, I'm gonna have to look out of this thing up on the website
for when the return is coming out.
Okay.
Seriously?
Yeah, what an-
I can do it.
I just quick-mine me for a lower-dial Hollywood.
It's pretty sad that we have to go online now.
That's how little information we get from our powers to be there.
Okay.
Survey schedule.
Survey, sad?
Uh...
Uh...
How can that be?
Oh, I see, that's right.
It's April already on Friday.
No fooling.
Friday, 11, 30 in the morning.
Got it already.
Pretty sad situation that we have to look up online
and go through that whole summoning dance arbitraron
and survey schedules that
isn't supposed to have somebody like a real person involved with us.
But that's okay.
Maybe they'll stay out of our hair from now on.
5, 6, 7, that's what mokes it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, that's right.
You haven't seen me with my new short hair yet.
No, mine's at all times short, too.
So, is it really not like this though?
I'm sure that skinheads short.
If I can go to short enough real, real tight before I come there.
Meal.
And my hair too.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, it's Neil there?
Speaking.
Neil, um, I don't know if everyone's asleep
but the wheel of the media.
But, um, over the last couple of weeks
where I was told Cherry Shibah thing was going on,
there's a...
A tube.
Yeah.
There's an act in front of Congress called the Constitutional Reform Act
by some gentleman named Shelby at Alabama,
which will essentially...
You're called Shelby of Alabama.
He ain't no gentleman, man.
He's a Yahoo.
He is a Yahoo.
And he has this thing before a Congress in the Senate
called the Constitutional Reform Act.
And if you google it, there's only like three things
on Google about that are very minuscule.
And also all the Christian right who wants to complain about this judge
Greer, he's a conservative Republican
who has just kicked out of his Baptist church.
This is ridiculous.
That is correct.
And no one is no one's reporting it.
Because it doesn't fit in with their game plan.
Don't you understand?
It's the pandewan to prostitute and hoard themselves
for the...
To the highest bidder?
Absolutely correct.
And when all the religion is to got that tax-free cash baby,
you figure it out.
That's right.
80% of the politicians in Washington are controlled
by the Christian right now.
It's very scary.
That's the true doctrine
that no one can prevent it from...
Okay, Palli, I'll see you at the border.
See you, Palli.
I'll be goose stepping right on my way down.
5670560, pound 560.
We got the Marlins and Orioles.
Any interest?
No, coming up at 1250 with a free game, 105 of the game time.
Goli.
Follows the game till 7.
Curtis and Lany Martell.
Add 780K10.
Eddie who's like a rock.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, man, what is all this forum stuff, man?
I'm bigger, Portland.
Forum, guys.
Talking about forum.
Yes, her people over at Guayabara.
Is you wearing a Guayabara?
Guayabara.
Yeah, Guayabara is what it is.
Okay, like Mary and Barry, he also had a...
Correct.
...crack problem.
One of your little beener people there.
Yes.
He probably knows your buddy, uh, beener boy.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I was waiting for that.
Sorry.
5670560, pound 560.
What are we going to do before the ball game?
Really?
What?
He's going to want it.
It's my good buddy, Burton Cummings and Caso.
Oh, the famous, let's talk about the river.
This good road is fair.
Not too young in the green.
I think it's a call.
I'm bigger, Burton.
Burton, he would have been proud of that talk, though.
Really, really.
That way he said, maybe it's because, you know, he said,
Nanya, he just, I don't want to talk about it.
Don't talk about it.
I'll try to forget that episode.
5670560, pound 560.
We love the Marlins.
Come on, let's get in that baseball fever, huh?
Let's get in that NCAA, that college hoops fever.
What do you say?
No.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes, Neil.
So let Hoppy season go in again.
Yes, Paul.
Oh, Hop, you.
The left call, I just told him about that judge, Greer.
Yeah.
And he said to hear you as kicked out of his church,
what he was, but Republican, conservative,
Democrat, whatever.
The reason he was pulled out of his church
is because he would not order them to put the cues back in.
Two?
Yeah.
He was not going along with them.
It had nothing to do with he's a right wing conservative,
and they blew him out of the back.
Well, he is a conservative judge, though.
Oh, he is.
There's no question about that, but he would not put the cues,
but he'd say back in.
Right.
Right.
And they stuck the tube right into him, too.
Right.
They should have never put the cues in her years ago,
much less worried about pulling it out.
Amen.
Have a great day, pal.
I think there's a moral of that story.
And don't stick it in unless you're planning on pulling it out.
Five, six, seven.
Look at this.
Here's some college hockey for you.
What a huge goal in that game.
Once you're going to Colorado College.
Shents, Colgate, and there are great defensive players.
There's that Colgate.
That's what I was thinking.
Colgate.
That was a season last night against Colgate.
Don't forget this college.
This is not Colgate.
This is Colorado or something like that.
Some, you know, it's mentioning what
the expector plants a little girl school.
See the way sweat kind of did the splits there,
but he kept.
Oh, he can't say that.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
You hear that?
You see the way he did the splits there
sound like a bunch of flamers.
You're fair.
Doing at the broadcast.
Oh, by the way, if I ever have to see Dick Fight's
halogen, oh, stop already.
You know, they got these commercials with him on there.
Now get him out of my life out of my face.
He is truly nauseating.
You know, and of course the sports
return, you're not supposed to say that.
Old Dickie B. Have you ever seen him?
I know Joshua as season.
I haven't.
Oh, nausea.
Nausea.
Talk about a nice haircut.
Talk, talk, talk.
Talk, talk, talk.
Loud, obnoxious, idiotic, grotesque.
When I'm watching basketball on TV,
one man is annoying me.
Yeah, there's words about Dickie B.
I'd say no one thing.
There ain't nothing like that college hockey man.
I don't really believe that, but some of the players.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five,
60 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
Come on, let's get this down energized.
What do you say?
I'm just kidding.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to give you a heads up.
Yeah, it's him again.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
We love this part.
There's number one.
Yeah, how about the Spartans, huh?
I really don't care, but it was just, you know, I mean,
if I'm going to root for somebody, if you're going to watch
this sporting event, you've got to have a rooting interest.
Am I right about that, John?
That's right.
And if you're a real sports fan, you have a rooting interest
for a team for some reason.
And, you know, if you have a bet on the game,
then you're not a sports fan.
It just means you're a gambler, which is OK.
But that's not what a sports fan is all about.
Being a gambler.
That's all about Michigan State doing real well,
and then you just start rooting for him.
Now, what's all the zag mean?
Just kidding.
Come down.
What a jackass.
We're going to take that food back.
Oh, it's too late.
Well, that really, we got two A-M.
Hello.
I don't want to hear about it.
Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, I think to the flat man.
To the flim man?
Yeah, flim man.
Flim man?
Oh, the plant man.
Plank man.
He's coming on right after the ballgame.
The plank guy.
What that was his name?
Chris Baker.
No, Chris Baker was another plant man.
It was Chris Rollins.
After his Rollins, the plant man, he was a headwind
of a show.
He'd like to plant it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, he'll get back to the George Game Sactor.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, man.
Just obsessive.
Just obsessive.
Same W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I wanted to find out how to spell Haseedem.
Haseedem?
Yeah.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah.
If you're going to die with a lot of flim with a big one
of those, OK?
Just put it right on the page.
Haseedem.
As opposed to no seams.
Well, I tell you one thing.
Thank God for these religious holidays.
You know, if that's the one thing religion is good for,
given not a good holidays.
Just for those secular holidays, get going.
Yeah.
Yeah, what kind of holidays do those damn atheist
and agnostics have anyway, huh?
Well, like freedom day.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Nobody there on six.
There's a warning for you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes.
Listen, these people are imitating me.
I haven't called.
OK, good.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, big guy.
Can you put on basketball, Jones?
Basketball, Jones?
Yeah.
Hold on to that.
Make you can just score it.
Civilian Civilian against Wisconsin.
Chef Timberlainian on the power of life won nothing Michigan.
All right.
On men, dog like that.
I hate Michigan, man.
I should only.
Yeah.
I mean, when you went to Michigan state, even for five minutes
like I did, you certainly despised Michigan.
And everything about them except, of course, for Tom Brady.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
And back at you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
That gave me big, big, big of a day.
Hey.
Maddie Bellcon, I've no made a listen to the show.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Dott of the North.
Oh, only when you're on.
He listened to the show.
He doesn't listen, actually.
He monitors.
Maddie Bell, when you're on.
Just to make sure he can go in and title.
Remember that show, Tattletails, with Bert Convey?
Right.
And that's Maddie Bell is the new host in Spurdye
from that brain aneurysm.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, I'm special for a head of quick.
You have a short show today?
Tomorrow's playing today?
Tomorrow's in about five minutes, baby.
Great.
I thought he loved it.
It's great.
And it's the wind's blowing, but I know you know what I'm saying.
I already checked the radar.
You knocked it out to me.
Listen, listen, today.
Hey, mom.
Neil, listen, buddy.
How can you even want to come down here for any reason?
I don't.
I know you don't, but you have to, I guess.
I think I'm thinking of running your car.
Just driving the key bridge to Buffalo
would just happen to me stand by passport and then
say, oh my god, I get so many hot and miserable
and radiance.
Anyway, take care, buddy.
Say hi to the skaters for me, pal.
I'll see you soon.
I don't think I'll last a week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60,
and a Verizon singular right?
As long as we've got a lot of time, you're
five minutes to get in.
You're very important comments.
Oh, I was scared at that.
To go in there.
There's the chindlers again.
I prefer what I'd see.
Oh, he says he has.
The father says he's still responding.
He's quite like crazy.
Just incredible stress.
Believe.
So all we need is it's not too late.
Cute for someone the same person.
When did they stop?
When will these people stop this insanity?
When will they stop the madness already?
When she's gone.
When did they go?
And I plead again that the power is to be, you know,
don't give up on her.
We haven't given up on her.
And she hasn't given up on us.
That's what she's saying to people.
So I thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Oh, I'm American woman.
Gonna miss your mind.
You're welcome.
Well, I think Marlon came up now.
I realize that we're small potatoes.
We're just here kind of like one of them up for Jeffrey
Lorraine, David Samson and Marlon.
I think you're ready to do another world series.
When you think Josh, that's right.
Another world championship.
I can smell it.
I can smell it.
They're just like kind of laying low during the preseason.
Why waste your time on a scrap?
There you go.
I can hear it right now.
We did it.
Thank you.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Marlon.
Hey, listen.
I don't forget to stay tune after the volume or tune back in.
Check back with us later because then Gellie's on.
No.
Between 4 and 7 for an album.
Wow.
He's might have fly open.
He's up on the grunt.
Curtis and one by a thousand seven.
And the Ed Kaplan will bring to us.
Thank you.
Hey, how was that?
That was some footage.
I had a vibration on that.
Back to the part of the song.
Stay away from me.
Cute.
Marlon.
Marlon.
