But Neil Rogers is getting ready to come on and getting ready to give it over with my own private amusement. Yes
You had a couple of you had some stiff competition this morning. I
Did you have D. Phil was a Phil in today in the Marford Joe Rose. Oh my gosh. I hear the corn is all the way up to his armpits
That's the fiery pour we had. Oh Joe was out and
To sum it up an award. It was on
Stay available and a reason Ken Maldon tiptoes around in that building is because he knows where he works
He's been there long enough to know to tread very carefully and in the hallways no matter where he goes
Why is man can knows this business extremely well as you know?
Well, he used to be like most of us. He used to be in the business. That's right
The outside looking
So well you have competition now you got boog. Yeah, the boog's through well
He doesn't have a play by play like I've always said and of course keep in mind. He's already done this time slot on this station
Yeah, I couldn't complain about those numbers because they didn't have any he had a point
Which time period are you talking about he was on with your close personal friend Joseph Gackie and Chris more
They were like alternating mid days before I came to the station. See you try to put that out of your mind
I don't even remember that that's before you
Yeah, you see you put it out of your mind
I was successful at doing that before you had a lead in right. Yeah, well, I'm I'm just plugging along here doing the best I can
Despite all the competition and which the foe well
Well, he's gonna be on at night. I went up against the foe for a long time
Where was he it the wonderful wild dreams?
When I was on over here when I came on over here
He was on opposite me for while well they had Randy and then what what time are you talking about?
I used to be on at nights when I first came here
And you run at night some Q.I.M
Well first I took
My memory is getting
Yeah fuzzy at this I came over here. I replaced John Moynihan and when I when he was on
Early evening when he's when I first started I took that spot and then I moved into the afternoon
So I briefly competed with the foe
Son of the reduce survived it's the first time. Yeah, he's not gonna be on this time. He's gonna be on seven at 10 at night
Yeah, I know starting when just going in for Joe
Yeah, go ahead there. Joe had their only number by the way Joe was a formidable guy
There's a good guy. Yes, very much so and you know
I keep seeing all these people leaving or slipping through the cracks and it's very disturbing. Is it yes?
Well, see the one good thing about you you're too big this looks to the cracks
I'm that note Neil. I think I'll go have some breakfast. Yeah, go have a couple of meals and they don't lose too much
You know what you keep saying that I have not
Just in joking. I know that but I'm just I just want you to know this okay sensitive or what?
This is you and me talking now. I am not gonna do that not gonna do one go to the track any afternoon
Oh, I do as long as Gulf Streams open now I bother so thin Wednesday Friday and Sundays my three would-buy
Days Wednesday Friday and Friday Wednesday and Friday at two o'clock if you call me a minute after two
I'm already out the door. I like would buy and I covered it
I know that I in fact I saw you tearport that year. That's right
It's like you're on the same plane right. That's a beautiful
Race track and a great facility and I don't know if you ever saw the casino there see it would not your casino because they don't have
Any table game. Yeah, casino wasn't there when I was up there that year. They have only slots
But the room and now they're open 24-7 and the room where is that in about a year?
They're gonna have full look casino like Niagara Falls all I you know crap and all that
So you went trouble with that. Yeah, you're not a big table game guy
Or I don't play that at all. Yeah, I'm a slot-so guy, you know, I'm a sucker for the slots is there's Josh quarters looks like I'm a moron
Josh quarters is a big guy with
He's a blackjack guy. Yeah, yeah
I want to let them into Bahamas he says slots is strictly for all ladies and others
Yeah, ask him to tell you about the time that he was a stole away in the Bahamas on one of our trips over there
We couldn't find him. You were somewhere in some casino and the plane left without him
Well, that big bus he's making on this show now. He can afford to go and plung his guts down
You guys have a good day, okay, you two don't lose too much. I'm gonna have a nice day. You're in paradise in paradise
So he can say hi to my weavers friend
Don't don't don't don't come to let us hear down a little bit
See you hang what is it I threw it out
Biggie I didn't go in I can't tell you what I did with mine and had something to do with rectum
Yeah
You in the Teral are not Teral on you and you in
Randy Moss me and Randy Moss. We like to slay clean. That's it. Yep
I didn't in the skirt
When we were getting
You lian you should be
Rolling to ghost don't sound so hard you should be on your way
Go
Your efforts is waiting
All you have to do is go up to
Apparolas and had you
My
So go back to Havana. It's only 90 miles. So go back and see Castro.
Buddy on your brand new I love USA in a tube. I have no idea.
Because you've loved in a tube. So go back in the arms. It's so close. You can see.
Your daddy and both grandmas. It's a fun.
In the land of the Ryder Repetition, it just never ends.
The trial opened yesterday in the $3 million plus lawsuit by 13 people who say they were injured or traumatized.
When federal agencies they screaming alienator Gonzalez from his mommy relatives home.
You know they were mommy relatives? Yeah, that's the ones.
Wonder how embarrassed Greasy ass is doing. Didn't you get married to some like 12-year-old kid? I don't know.
We were talking about the opening witness. The opening witness was neighbor Maria Riera, who testified that she clutched her chest and thought she was dying.
When an agent doused her with tear gas during the April 22nd, 2008 to reunite the six-year-old boy with his father in Cuba.
The 13 neighbors and protesters are seeking up to 250 grand a piece claiming that agents used excessive force during the armed raid.
I was stopped by a gentleman on my left approaching me with a shotgun, said Riera, who lived across the street from the home where the boy had lived shortly after being rescued from a shipwreck.
I'm Thanksgiving Day 1999. She said a black guard agent wearing a mask ordered her to stand back and he would shoot adding word of profanity.
Or he would shoot. She said she complied with a second agent approach with a gas gun as she stood in a driveway left her in a gray cloud of tear gas.
Oh, I'd loved to have seen that. A total of 108 people sued over the raid but US District Judge came Michael Moore, limited the case of people who were not on the Gonzalez family property and were beyond police bureaucrates.
Alianne, now 11. I've actually been a brother. I'm really impressed now. Alianne, now 11 was one of three survivors of a shipwreck that killed his mother.
The raid took place after the family refused to return the boy so it could be taken back to Cuba. Cuba because he's missing his happy meals in Cuba. It was Cuban.
So there you go. That story just never dies. And the reason I'll say it again, he's going to live a hell of a lot longer being over there because he's not eating McDonald's every day. He's not getting that happy meal.
By the way, that's your bill. Cut the crap. We got it. Stop facts saying.
What is he? Faction? Is that bill in for a lottery? Just some guy a different bill. A different bill. Oh, because bill in for a lottery.
Ladies have been he's been on his good behavior. He's fixing good crap pages of crap and a request. We can't even discuss. We know that we can't even discuss. Well, like what? Give me a clue about it. He wants a bit that doesn't exist. I see. Oh, brother. Hey, Bill. Can it. Okay. Here's the poor result from yesterday. Who best fits this description?
And look what it says on it and realize it little dot typo there by Eric who best fist this description or not fits but fist.
Uh oh, but that's the bit that Bill wanted here. That's fist in bit. I think we can even say that. Sorry, Joyce. That.
In bit. Someone became more popular after death is what we're looking for. And Jesus Christ, 564 votes. There ain't nobody close to Jesus. Well, God.
Can you blame him? He probably don't smell too bad. Good after all those experiences. You know, especially all that bloody stuff. I went across that Mel Gibson was making up. I mean, portraying. It is as it was. Well, the movie priest was on last night. It was kind of gay. Yeah.
Jesus Christ, 564. Elvis 98. You see not even anybody close. I mean, wow. Jesus is in a class by his self. Elvis 98 Nicole Simpson 85 James D. 85.
Two pack at 57. How's he doing? Selena 53 had tillman 46 Kurt Cobain 37 JFK 34. Bruce Lee 32. Jim Morrison had about 30 men. Maryland Monroe 29 and Frank 28. Martin Luther King.
Junior 28 Bob Marley 26. Princess Diana was tied with Vincent van Gogh 24 piece. Van Gogh, by the way, for your future references, two words, V.A.N. Capital.
G.O. G.H. as in Dutch. Van Gogh. Vincent Van Gogh. You got it. Josh. Yeah, I wrote it down for next time. Van Gogh. Not Van Gogh. In fact, that sounds like. Well, I know. I know.
Louis William Shakespeare 21. He was shaking it. Say the cruise 18 Jimmy Hendrix 16 Jim Krochi 15. No stood on this 15 and the three students 15 see a lot of crossover there between those three Jim Krochi. No stood on this and three
two just right. Patsy Klein 14. She's likes to walk after midnight. Patsy Klein. She's crazy. All her songs were morbid and depressing. Now she's dead. She even dead a long time. What she died from. Out of the old. You might juggle it. Patsy Klein. She died a lot of time ago. Reverend Jim Jones. Reverend Jones had nine votes, which is pretty impressive. Your day.
Buddy Holly had eight. How could Buddy Holly only have eight votes? That shows you how limited this audience must be.
How do I mind? Buddy Holly became so much more popular. I've even made a movie about him with a Gary Puss of Lucy.
From Pernicus, Eddie, Georgia, well, five John Lennon had five. Alia, five Frankie Limon had five. David Kuresh, four Jerry Garcia, four Bobby,
Darren, four. He still splish and splash in it. John Holmes had four. He's not splashing too much. No, Mo. After it's caught finally won up with three.
Freddie Mercury had a pair at Aaron's early semi way had one. That was that deal. A lot of almost 1500 votes yesterday. It's pulled on to back.
We have a shocking document here. I happen to have a copy of my hands. I can't tell you where I obtained it from.
The Beasley Broadcast Group employee feedback survey. That's what Hank was a family three Schmidt candidate. He tossed it.
This is a joke. Of course, the timing of it is so appropriate. At the time when the entire I can't speak to the rest of their company because I don't really care about it because we only work for this radio station.
This station is in such a state of turmoil that it's almost indescribable.
I guess there's a solution to the problems that they're having is to try to put a survey out. Of course, they don't give any of us.
I'm not an employee so I wouldn't get one anyway, but George didn't get one. Josh Cortis didn't get one because he probably optioned it so he could get mine to gamble with.
See, you never let out of it. You were a compulsive gambler. You were still way to get into what I casino.
I'm totally the farthest thing from compulsive gamblers when I'm here. That's why we saw it said that the Patriots kept to see this ass you the day.
The little of his money is imported. Anybody that bets on football games, I don't want to like pee on Hank's parade, man, but people have bet on ball games and stuff like that.
And even look at him. He's like one of the big shot handicaps and his record is like marginal of best, right?
Yeah, for football. I mean, he bets everything. I'm going to ask you to pick on Hank from being a compulsive gambler.
By the way, Hank, don't lose so much today. He likes to plunge and what's wrong with that? It's his money. You don't have to answer to anybody. That's the way I look at it.
I mean, this business like people try to say, if you have money that you're gambling that you can't afford to gamble, then you got a serious problem, Josh.
What? Why not? You can't afford to be gambling. I don't like you.
That's got a really beat up TV set that's still waiting for a gift from George. And I got news also more news for you.
George couldn't afford it. He couldn't afford to buy himself a TV set much less by one you for you. Black and white.
Yeah, he could buy like one of those little, those little old nine-inch black and white jobs.
The bees, let me do the break because once we get it, I don't want to spend a lot of time on this thing.
But when I read the questions, you'll find it most, most amazing. You'll chuck a lot on your face. It's your did for me. I'll tell you that.
Six more dead soldiers in a racket. I can't even find a story on it because now that they're not even counting anymore.
I'm talking about US soldiers. Can't even find it anymore. Yeah, but Barbara Boxer mentioned it this morning.
Right. Well, you know what you see? You see one of those Kami Pinko from the left coast.
I say Barbara Boxer for president. And back, Burama.
A-A-R-E-P. What a ticket that would be, huh? Wow. Kicks him, sir. He said, all those liberals, yes, about time we brought the liberals back to save us from this right-wing crap, from this fascism that's destroying our freedom of speech and everything else, man.
Do I sound like sufficiently worked up about it? No, nobody cares anymore because the elections over and out. Let's get on a more crap like, hey, here's Johnny. He's still dead. I'm not doing any more Johnny. Not for that.
I didn't like him that much anyway. He was an icon. He was legendary. He was there for a long time.
I'm doing it, man. But I am still not buying it. He just didn't do anything for me. I don't think it was that funny.
10-13, but he was a good guy at least off the air. He might have his own business and he was kind of reclusive and he's kept himself and the people liked him.
See, that's good. That's that's that important. If somebody's entertaining that they have to be a good guy, but at least have to be on their some points for him, right?
Right. Everybody speaks very highly. 10-13 if I was 16, but he couldn't. They don't speak too highly of Moa. That's because he got that big, ugly bald spot. It's called his head.
Just like Bokobry, a lot of other people. I know. And of course me too. I got a big, ugly bald spot.
But it's not going to do much for me to go to Chuck Alphierry. Because in my case, you know, it's a well-maked difference.
But a lot of you guys cases, it will make a difference because that big, ugly bald spot makes you look horrendous and a lot older too.
Charlie's been making guys look their best for over 30, count them.
Not 30, man.
Years. You wouldn't even recognize Charlie's work when you see it because it looks so natural. It's the best most natural system in the world.
It's called, well, what is it called? It's the new skin-like hair system is what it is. And it's 100%.
On detectives, that's how natural it looks. The hair looks like it's grown right out of your scalp.
And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing to lose but that big, shiny spot because you try a system for a month for about 30, maybe days.
And after a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you'd like it more action, then you can even possibly handle.
Return it for a full refund. What's not to like?
Make the call today. 1-800-321-2413. Tell Charlie that you heard about it here on the Near Rogers Show. Get your special QAM.
$200 just got off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system.
This is as close as it gets to like real hair as opposed to a mouse you look at muskrat.
You won't believe how great and how much younger you'll look after Charlie does it for you.
Call them today tool-freeed 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web, it's Charles Alphieri.com.
You're asking to be real Rogers.
When she passes she flips her ass and goes.
When she smokes she's like the chimney that shoots up clouds and smells so nasty that when she passes she passes gas and goes.
Oh, but she wants to quit badly.
Now can we have a conference on that? I don't know. That was like let's assemble.
That wasn't a fart. That was good. Yeah, like that. The horse she was very right.
Oh, finger-pick-shucky-longer.
Yes, she would give them a gladly.
Because with our 17 minute delay we still would have time to dump her but I don't mind.
No, it's not you. I'll go with no also.
No, I'm George. No.
No, no, no.
Oh, but the room is so smoky.
Oh, can she tell where she's going?
Yeah, she would give them a gladly.
But each day when she has to grow free she sits on the camera live free.
Short, untalented and simply the girl with empty seeming, cosmocking and then she slashes a smile with big yellow teeth.
And gank and then he just cannot breathe. She's only a wheeze.
No. There's a message for all you punk down there. Don't start puffing on them faggots and empty seeming.
It will kill you. It's a nasty way to go. Just as Johnny.
He's still dead.
Twenty past ten at five sixty. We don't want to milk the Johnny Carson thing but it should be a good message to us all.
Right, only 79. Just a young whipper snapper, right? Right.
79. When he's thinking about that money that he had millions and millions and millions and did he enjoy those last years?
Probably not. No, I don't think so. Because emphysema from what I'm told.
And of course the chronic smokers of people that are dying for emphysema many of them are so addicted to the nicotine that they like have to have a tube inserted in their throat so they can still puff the nicotine.
Have you ever seen that?
I have. That is really sad.
What a waste.
Well, I mean, just you can't blame the people. It's addictive. Man, it's addicted. I say ban all emfaggots right now. Starts to sell in a wacky weed and you're where that cigarettes is.
Blame the people. Yeah, that's right. Blame the individuals for being addicted to sugar like me. Oh, sure.
I told you so for that sugar. Yo, well, lots of things that are bad for you all around.
And the problem is that we like them. If the things that were bad for you were like disgusting, like a male ice cream and that could pass on the problem. Right. Right.
The Beasley Broadcast Group. Now this is a memo that was circulated to employees and not us don't nobody connected with this show.
Hank already Schmidt can't his. The Beasley Broadcast Group and then we'll get to the boob story. Okay. We had to see the boob girl but the boob quite frankly was never really here recently.
Are you aware of that? Oh, no. No, he wasn't really. No, he wasn't really a QM employee recently. He was like a Marlins employee works for the team. Right.
And every once in a great while he'd feel in like freelance, but he wasn't on the QM payroll.
But the people over there at 790 man there. They're like, you know, they're doing it. They're pirating everybody they can.
They're going through the pack. God only knows what might be next. You know what I'm saying? All right.
The Beasley Broadcast Group is always looking for ways to improve the work environment and increase the effectiveness of the operations with our within our radio clusters.
As in like a cluster of hemorrhoids, cluster of grapes and our corporate orifice. One of the best ways to determine where there are areas that we're either frustrating to you or make your job more difficult and unpleasant is to give you a chance to communicate your feelings to the cluster and corporate management in an anonymous and confidential way with no repercussions to you.
No attempt will be made to identify any person participating in the survey. The survey is being sent to every employee in the entire company. Yeah.
Taking a few moments to well except the ones we don't like real bad like George and Josh. He's a compulsive gambler. Taking a few moments to complete this feedback. Survey will provide information to corporate and station management. This information will be carefully considered in making changes in the way your supervisors and corporate personnel function.
Oh, yeah. Oh, cracker. Please. The objective is to improve your work experience and the effectiveness of our overall operations.
And when you've attached this stick it up your with a moon don't shine the survey sheet will not actually be shown to anyone at your market cluster. We thank you for your candid and honest input. Please return these forms to the business department by this Thursday, January 27th.
And here's what you know, here's what the questions are. Am I opinion the overall morality and I'm going to do it right on the air. I don't have to be anonymous. What the otherwise here?
And it didn't give me one anyway. I'm an independent contractor. I don't employ this outfit. In my opinion, the overall morality and poisonous cluster is circle one excellent, good, fair or poor poor morale. How come there are two positives and only one negative? You know, how about like awful? How about you can't complain about the morale because there is many. That's my choice.
Two, the overall morale of the people working my department is excellent, good, fair poor. We can't complain about the morale because there is many. Three, my level of respect for my immediate supervisor is very high, high, medium, low or very low. And my choice is not here very, very, very low.
Who's your result? I mean, you're a medium supervisor is it be clear. I imagine. Well, like I said, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very low poor.
I love respect for my co-workers. My department is very high, high, medium, low, very high. My co-workers are doing a magnificent job. In spite of the rest of this crowd, five, my level of respect for station manager is very high, high, medium, low or very low. Well, let me just put it this way. Very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very low.
Six, I have the following problems with my immediate supervisor in Skylar Lake, Place where you can write stuff in. He's an idiot. That's all. Seven, I have the following problems with my station manager. Well, he's an idiot and a compulsive liar. Eight, I have the following problems with my other department, sales department, engineering department.
Who I leave out? Cash traffic department, water Nazi. Might leave anybody out? The janitor. The janitor. Now he just put a job again. He only keeps messing and keeps sticking his nose and our stuff in there.
Blamehen, using my spray. Nine, I feel that I'm not being treated fairly in the following way. Oh, I don't have the time, Joyce.
Ten, I could do a much better job. If they didn't keep jerking the audience around in the showtime, or I don't know if they left us alone, you'll notice that now that we're back on 10 to 2,
as a matter of fact, this last, even this last rating, when we had those hour by hour, we just kicked bloody ass, man. Now that we find a guy off of that 9 to 1 thing, we could have continued right along our Murrayway to 10 to 11 and 12 shares and men like we were for a long, long time, for like six, five years, whatever was.
Until Greg came up with an ingenious idea of putting us on 9 to 1. That was the beginning of the end. That was the beginning of the Do Noon Long, whatever that means. The unraveling. Ten, I just did that.
11, the thing that bothers me most about working here is there's only three lines for that. The thing that bothers me most about working here is that I'm working with for a bunch of lunatics, crazy people that just won't stop Dillin, man.
I'd like to see less insanity, like to see less changing and changing and changing and moving around and pissing everybody off and I'd like to see a lot less Joyce.
How's that? Just one word answer for that one. I'd like to see less Joyce 14. My respect level for corporate management, corporate management is very high, high, medium, low or very low, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, it doesn't exist. Not existing.
15, my respect for the corporate staff is not resistant. Caroline, 16, corporate management needs to wise up. 17, the corporate staff needs to wise up. 18, my station cluster could do much better if all of these people would wise up. 19, the company could do much better if they would wise up. 20, I would also like to say that Yamama. How's that? Simple, two word answer. Yamama.
So there's my answer to your survey and you can take it and stick it with a window. Give it to Mr. Whipple, okay? And wipe somebody's, uh, with it. What a joke. As if it's rocket science, you know, really takes a genius to figure out like he's a very complicated thing.
And the only kind of people that put out stuff like that are people that don't know how to do business. People that don't know how to deal with other people. That's the problem right there.
I don't think I have the right copy here. Well, I'm all whipped up into a frenzy now because of that damn stupid ass survey.
I don't think I have the fan. Oh, here it is right here for faster. And of course, you know what a great job, Todd Brickas, of updating the copy and giving us something really to sink our teeth into on his accounts.
No, as a matter of fact, probably this thing I have in my hand right here in the sheet of paper, too. It's probably won't change for like how many months.
Stop turning, man. Nice going, Todd. Man, you are on top of things. You are the best. In fact, how come I didn't mention him in there? Let's go back and do the survey again.
28 after 10 at 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday to you. We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at 2 today.
Mad dog figures as long as he's a lame duck anywhere in the jerking him around. Why not come in every day, right?
He'll probably be working less than he was before, which wasn't much. Mo Howard David had four to seven.
Then we got Geltie again tonight. So let's have a quick as way through three hours and educate 10 o'clock.
If you're on less than 50 grand less, the year you need some help, man, time for a career change, time to get a life.
Pick up that phone and call it with folks at fast train right now. Tool free, 1 866 fast train because fast train can have you train already for a new high-paying career in his little as four short months.
Fast train offers high demand high-pay career training. If you like computers, if you ever even thought about becoming a computer network professional,
just call fast train. It'll get you on a road to like a real career. Call 1 866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
Like I said, just a minute, a minute, a minute, a second ago, you can be trained already for a new career in his little as four months at fast train.
They got locations all over. So there's bound to be an easier convenient for where you live. They're in Kindle. Miami, Pemberpies, and Fort Lauderdale.
Fast train offers job placement, financial aid for people to qualify and they evening and weekend classes are forming right now as I speak.
So pick up that phone, get off your dead end job, sing about it, your schmuck boss, and get yourself a real career.
And the big fat paycheck that goes along with it, so you can punch your bets out just like Josh Cortes. Call fast train. Tool free, 1 866 fast train.
It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush
It's a real rush. It's a real rush. It's a real rush.
1-800. I love the Saudis and they love me.
Okay. I love the Saudis and they love me.
I love the Saudis and they love the Saudis and they love the Saudis and they love the Saudis.
I love the Saudis and they love me.
At 3-2-28-1560 WQA and speaking of that,
Gunman Killer ranked Justice Ministry official.
Oy!
A high ranking official in the Rice Justice Ministry was gunned down this morning as he was leaving his home south east of Baghdad.
According to Baghdad, police headquarters,
George Kaís Hashim Al Sh frog Wardi, Al Shamardi then name a trust in that.
That was that got by the three thing end of you.
I was leaving his home and knew Baghdad when he to police and the source was also killed.
And in Seerjans have been targeting officials in the police seeing this cooperating to the US occupation
alpha已经 leave but the N If it else meanwhile his officially final visit early and it
was just like a while an afterthought
Meanwhile, 6 US soldiers died Monday, one in the Ro体 side bombing, and five in a vehicle accent,
That's it.
It goes on a little bit more on that, but that's about it.
You have to search to find it out anymore because it's, you know, you've been adjusted to
it, desensitized to it.
Whole lot of dead Americans over there.
Any reason why?
No.
I'll kind of lesible tell you those hearings.
Now here's the deal.
We got three pictures.
We were doing a countdown.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Yesterday we had, who we have?
Elissa Milano.
Right.
And today we got Carmen Elector, a three photos for the price of one.
Three fine photos behind the beta curtain.
If you're of legal age and you damn well, better be.
Or we're going to come to your house and just beat the crap out of you.
Carmen Elector, a three fine photos of Carmen.
She was number four in your voting last week when we did the countdown for the all-time
most popular beta curtain gal.
And here's the poll question for today.
Who is or what is the most tight cast actor or actress ever?
Now, the problem with this thing is the ones that we've got on there, like mostly old
old timers.
Right.
And I'm sure we'll have some, some punks.
Also we got the Oscar nominees today.
We got that list that'll kill some good time.
Lauren.
Yeah.
33 votes so far.
The most tight cast, Bella Logo C12.
Although I will say this.
I didn't vote for him.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because even though he was the Dracula thing and he was in a lot of those follow up on monster
movies, he was also in a lot of gangster movies.
Yes, he was.
Where he played a gangster.
That's right.
I didn't vote for him either.
Huh?
I didn't vote for him.
But he has 12 votes.
Leonard Nimoy's got six, Mr. O'Connor.
I was four.
I mean, what else can he be at this point?
Right.
He just missed your spot.
Although he was on fishing impossible.
Yeah, and he didn't search up too, but it didn't help.
I almost forgot about inserture.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
Didn't help.
Anyway, Boris Carlisle just passed him.
And Bella Logo C15, Boris Carlisle 7.
Leonard Nimoy's six.
Charles Bronson's got five.
You son of a bitch.
Egrigy Robinson.
That was my vote scuff for always a gangster.
I can't remember him in any movie when he wasn't a gangster.
I remember Eddie Robinson used to play first place for the Yankees.
That's the different Eddie Robinson.
Boy, it's nice.
I bet you're a hanker.
I remember his name.
Big fat guy.
No, not Hank.
I mean Eddie Robinson.
And William Schatner's three.
And you put Erica strata on the out of the...
He draws by faster in the brakes.
I see.
Erica strata chips.
Yes.
And of course, signing.
Those two things.
Those are all I remember.
Erica strata.
Huh?
Smoke signals.
Smoke signals.
Oh, is that how you can get a low red cell phone company?
Oh, and he also did a scam for some weight loss thing from based in Miami.
An infomercial that I saw in Europe, no less.
I mean, the silliest, most ridiculous thing.
Even he looked in the...
Couldn't he be straight face doing a thing?
Couldn't he be straight, Erica strata?
Yeah.
Somebody cue I am.
Hello.
I mean, I got off the pole.
Okay.
Frankie Ryan, put him on the pole.
Wait.
WCWAM, hello.
Yes.
I'm a nation fair.
Yes.
Actually, it's six people, but it involves one type of character.
It's any child actor that was on the Brady bus.
They're 45 years old and they're still Brady.
Yeah, okay.
Wait.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, you know, I got one foot of pole.
Yes.
Peter Falk.
Peter Falk is really good.
You know, he wasn't some other very interesting movie in Hollywood.
But he, you're right.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Once you did the one-eyed Columbus, it was pretty much it.
Yeah.
WCWAM, hello.
QAM.
WQAM.
This is us.
Yes, I'd like to add Bob Denver to the pole.
Bob Denver is perfect.
Right up our alley.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I want to get to the boob thing here.
But it's, well, the most stall.
In fact, what I'll do is we'll go back and read the...
...veasily corporate survey again a few times.
Very, very, very.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
I got some foot of pole.
Yes, sir.
Green Ryan, who was Granny from the Beverly Hills River.
What was your name?
Irene Ryan.
Irene Ryan.
Okay, bad phone, but the good choice.
Irene Ryan.
Nobody's going to know who that is.
But why maybe a few?
We got some Beverly Hills River, a bit of Billy Peoples.
I would think.
At first, I need a little pot.
Before we get the little pot, this story is so good.
Is that...
I don't know what the name of that city is.
Is it Machias?
Yes, I never heard that.
Machias...
The H.A.C.H.I.A.S. Maine.
Bicket.
Some place in Maine.
Some little bum fork town.
A 54-year-old homeless man who routinely complained to fake chest pains to avoid paying the
tap for restaurant meals may have gotten his chest desserts.
A judge sentenced Elias I.E.Lias on Friday.
That's his name.
Tonight, the day's in jail after he's pretty good at theft of services.
The sentence followed the recommendation of the D.A. Paul Kavanaugh, who said the August 5th incident
at the townhouse restaurant marked the 13th time that Elias tried to skip out on the check
by pretending he had trouble breathing and was having a heart attack.
He kept saying,
I'm dying on the hands.
Yes, 18 convictions just since 2003.
The year Elias moved to Maine from California has been jailed numerous times, Kavanaugh said.
Authorities said Elias would order dinner and drinks, eat and enjoy, then fake his need for medical assistance
when the check arrived.
He would then be taken to a local hospital, usually left before police arrived.
It lies quite a point of attorney.
Jeffrey Davidson told the judge that the homeless and unemployed man just wanted to eat a restaurant meal.
He said,
I don't think he would feel like anybody else.
Even if he didn't have dignity, he wanted to feel like he did Davidson.
Well, I'm going to go to Sioux's, right?
Sure, yeah, I'm going to try that.
I'm going to go into Ruth Krista.
Oh, I think I'm dying.
Are we after a big meal and drinks and a nice big dinner, the whole thing?
This reminds me of a true story.
Once upon a time, my friend and I were in Boston several years ago,
and we ate at Legal See Food House.
We liked the one in the Asalgraster,
but the original one, really good one, as opposed to that one.
Legal See Food.
Anyway, I wouldn't say it's a real super fancy restaurant,
but it's certainly not like a diner.
It's not a dine.
You know, it's pretty nice.
And we're eating an Incomes a Guy,
who looked like he just crawled out of a dumpster.
It looked like a homeless guy.
And this guy, he orders the chowda.
He orders like a big like Serfen turf, right?
And the most expensive thing out of menu.
He orders dessert.
And of course, you can see they're like, they're confabbing some of the help.
Right.
Because they're really wondering if this guy's going to be able to pay for the meal.
And to make a lost story, sure, just out of curiosity,
we kind of stretched out the meal and stuck around just to see if he could pay.
And he did.
Does that mean this guy ate enough for like four people?
And he looked like he, seriously, like he'd been sleeping for a month in a dumpster.
He looked worse than Maddie Bell on a bad day.
Does that say it all?
Well, that aggressive nice.
Get out of here.
He looks like he slept in that suit.
And that foamy suit is, you know, he like wrinkled up his body's wrinkled,
his face's wrinkled, his suit is wrinkled.
Man, he makes me look like a fashion plate man.
Why are you stuck it up to Maddie Bell?
You know, that's not good.
He hates you like poison.
Every day when he does, he's got a George Rodriguez voodoo doll.
He sticks pins in it right in your neck every day when he goes home.
Is that how much he despises you?
I thought it felt like a...
Yeah, yeah.
You think you got Roides in it, and you forget about that.
It's Maddie Bell sticking it to you.
So I'm fighting his crap about, oh, he was just making it in this deal.
Big joke.
And that's not a joke.
He despises you.
He wishes you would croak.
And it's all because of jealousy because you got the right love of it all been out of shape.
About that ass stuff.
20 till just ass him.
24-loaded at 560 WQM, the main man, Anthony Kelliando,
a acceptance cabinet mortgage says it's time for a nearest resolutions like most Americans.
Some of them might be like paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments,
pulling out cash, winning a doubt, pulls them out, and investing in real estate there at the top of many people's list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the U.S., so why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates?
The main man's nearest resolution is to give back to the community.
And this year, they partnered with kids in distress, with a track record of 25 years of helping over five years.
Five thousand of views and neglected children each year.
Acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions that are being closed on to this great cause.
And even if you're in the mortgage business, a main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations too.
So call the main man, Anthony Kelliando, at his toll free number, 1-888-483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone or go to the mainman.com and you can fill out that application right online.
Here's that number one more once.
1-888-483-L-O-A-N.
It's exclusive.
16-11 we like Google on.
It's quite of the fact that he's bailed out and he's going to the competition.
But that's okay.
See, unlike D-Full, who bailed out, well, he didn't really bail out.
He got his ass kicked out.
He got his ass kicked out even though he's going to do the morning show because he turned out to be in a...
But unlike D-Full, whom we despise like boys and boys, and we like a lot.
No matter where he goes, we wish him the best of success, right?
Right.
Even though it looks like he's going to be on right opposite us.
How do we do...
Oh my god.
Now this article by Barry Jackass in the hero this morning,
Shambi turns down Marla's N-M-A-R-L-I-S-N to join ESPN in 790 Radio.
Not a very good job on their website.
They had totally for years the hero website blows.
It's one of the worst.
It starts out by saying baseball for ESPN television and talk show for 790 ESPN radio.
So in other words, there's like one or two lines missing there.
It's just crack.
It's kakao, which you'd expected the hero.
Fox Sports, the network offered Shambi to Marla's TV play by PlayJob last Tuesday.
And all parties expected an agreement, including us.
Didn't we just about to announce it on the air?
Right.
Then we said it was the undead of the Josh Kortis, who's at Marlins inside or say it's done.
I thought so.
Yeah, we all thought so.
But, guess what?
It's never done.
ESPN caused Shambi 34 to reconsider by offering a package of 30...
Fuck 30, man!
...Basepal games on ESPN on Monday or Wednesday nights.
Because of baseball blackout rules, ESPN televised the two games simultaneously except Sunday nights.
And Shambi probably will do the secondary, the back-up game in many cases.
Shambi previously called Colbert's Football and Basketball games for ESPN Regional TV.
So here's the big start to be unlike the Regional National Mudder Bridge of the NESPN.
About 30 baseball...
...30 minutes.
...in the season.
Shambi, who will leave his job as a Marlins radio announcer after eight seasons, will also do a talk show for 790.
The program likely will be from 10M to 1PM, although the hours aren't definite.
Craig Minervini and Jason Saladkin currently are the host of those hours on 790.
Well, maybe they can like, I'll be on there at the same time, kind of like us in Stern.
Right?
Sure.
Overline.
This jam walled in there together.
Fox Sports, other finalists for the Marlins TV job were Rich Walsk.
I wonder if he's kind of Jack Walsk.
Huh?
That's his name.
Rich Walsk.
I know what you're going to say.
I don't care how many day-go-gainny-watt-greaseball-gum-boss come out on a woodware.
That is what we're going to do.
Well, we'll handle Seattle Mariners pregame and postgame shows on TV.
And Bob McGillcott, who announces minor league baseball and hockey in Syracuse, New York.
Walsk would appear to be the frontrunner to work alongside Tommy Hunt and Les Fox Sports
to decide to reopen the search, like one of those nationwide searches, like we do at QA&N.
The Marlins also must hire a radio announcer to replace Xiaomi to work alongside the
termally coma-inducing Dave Van Hoer and boring it says here.
While 790 was adding Shambhion Monday, the market's third-all sports station, which has a
point in men round the clock.
At least they're consistent.
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
That's it.
That's where they had no measurable audience, but Barry Jackass continues wasting a lot of
ink on it crap.
The fan, 1400, was on life support.
Carol Foster, who was leasing airtime from James Crystal, ink failed to provide the money
to renew his lease and as a result, most of the station's local shows did not air.
WFLL, 14-Him Decorate Fox National Programming, or to the day, James Crystal Management continues
to howl discussions with Foster, like you've asked the money or else.
Like stick him up.
It's a hold-up.
How do you like that?
That a Joker watch, 1400-my-ass.
That's the old light bulb frequency with about six watts as in what's the point.
Here's one for our poll from Frado.
It says, how about James Arnest after gun smoke?
He disappeared.
Passed to then Johnny.
What about James Arnest?
I would agree with that.
He was a Matt Dillon, right?
Right.
And I was in.
Don't remember any fields.
He was a Matt Dillon, whatever happened to him.
Not that I missed him at all.
He was okay in Dr. Rokaboy.
Yeah.
Wasn't that the movie?
Yes it was.
Yeah, he was good in that.
It wasn't that I could live without him.
He just kind of vanished, didn't he?
Sort of.
I don't think what he's done lately, not much.
Well, he's must have done somebody.
Here's the poll so far.
Who is or was the most typecast actor actress of all time?
82 votes so far and we'll get a whole bunch more names on here and make it really interesting or not.
This the case may be.
Belogoci had 26.
Eddie.
Come help me please.
Eddie.
Go Eddie.
Belogo had a thing for Johnny Deppin who could blame him.
Charles Bronson 14.
Boris Carlisle 14.
For that Martin Landau, what a great actor.
Yes he was.
He's dead.
I don't know.
Is it?
Barber Bane.
His ex-wife.
They were on Fish and Impossify as she did.
I'll check it out.
How about Gary Bane, the Jockey?
He's still alive.
Charles Bronson and Boris Carlisle 14.
A priest-lendered Nimoy 12.
William Shatter 7.
Edward G. Robinson had six.
Erica Stroud has got a pair.
Little teeny tiny pair.
Bob Denver's got one.
Irene Ryan's got one.
And Peter Fox don't have any yet.
Now Peter Fox has actually been in a lot of other movies.
He was a lot more than just Colombo.
Never the less.
What?
Everything that's on it.
Today's Crabwoods think he had my eyes Colombo.
And that's it.
Anything else would be no credibility.
See that's tight cast.
In other words you're so well viewed.
I've got another one for you.
I've got two more.
You got a two more.
I got a big fat growing two more.
Adam West.
Oh he burnt one.
They burnt it.
They burnt it.
You bought it continuously.
Adam West and Bert Warden.
In fact, in the biography when you see the thing about them and about Batman and about either one of them.
That's what they talk about.
And they've been hanging on going around the country doing these Batman revival types show.
Because that's it.
That's what everybody views the mass.
And of course Robin, now that there was old green tights ain't fitting in there.
He's a, wow.
Martin Landau is still alive.
Good news.
I'm looking at Barbara Bade right now.
Please.
Come to QA and Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
My name is Neil Bale.
Two of Peter Sellers.
Peter Sellers.
Peter Sellers.
The big fan third.
Right.
And Fred Gwynn, aka John Kerry.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Fred Gwynn and Peter Sellers.
But I didn't realize just like yesterday it's going to be a big list, you know.
Right.
It's going to be a huge list.
Actors are actresses most type cast.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hey George.
Yeah.
I'm sure all man listen.
I got one for the poll but I wanted to just tell them.
You know you can just talk about Jeet Darnath from Grudge spoke.
Right.
Do you know what it was?
We can realize Peter Gray's.
Right.
Peter Gray's.
Some mission impossible, right?
Yeah.
They could draw the Peter R.Nath.
That is correct.
Shit.
Damn.
Okay.
Take it easy man.
Thanks.
I thought he said he had some.
He didn't have that was it.
That was it.
What am I looking for?
Well, we got this.
I know I'm looking for a theme again.
There you go.
I can't point her.
You know what I'm looking for?
I'm a mission impossible.
We're talking about Martin Landau and Peter Gray's.
Barbara Peane.
And Greg.
What was that black guy named Greg?
Uh, something.
Really?
What was it?
A tree?
A tree?
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about.
For Mission Imparada.
I don't know his name.
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
Greg something.
I think he's dead.
Damn it.
I'll look it up.
I can't find Barbara Peane anywhere.
Well, how is that possible?
You can't find Barbara Peane.
Why?
Well, finding different people.
Not the one we're looking for.
Why don't you look up IMDV?
I did.
And you're getting Barbara Peane MD.
I got nothing on IMDV for Barbara Peane.
How is that possible?
Barbara, how are you spelling it?
VAIN.
Right, yeah.
She's the vein of our existence.
Oh, here we go.
Go to the bottom of other pages.
Wow.
567-0560-0.560 and a Verizon singular wireless line.
That was a damn good show mission impossible, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Damn good.
Line 9, WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, pal.
I got two for you.
Oh, okay.
Uh, Beverly Hills' billy that guy, Jeff Rowe.
He was even on that entertainment show where he was going to commit suicide because he didn't get any job.
Max Bear.
Max Bear, okay.
It was Greg Morris.
And how about David Cassidy?
David Cassidy's excellent.
He was this all he ever preached about, is that he was like type guys.
Yes, and he's swell.
Okay, see ya.
Greg Morris, that's right.
That's right.
He's very important.
Perfect for you, isn't there?
But, uh, he went on to executive stuff later on in the night.
Who did?
Max Bear from the Beverly Hills Billies.
So he never wanted to get another job acting.
But he was.
But that's not the question that he had.
What?
I'm just thinking of what his somebody go on and ever succeed anything else.
But as far as an actor was concerned, he was type cast.
That's why he never got any more acting cast.
That's what I said.
That's the first thing I said.
Yeah.
But he didn't try to get anything else.
Well, maybe he knew he couldn't get anything else.
How do you like that?
How about David Cassidy?
Do we have him on there yet?
He should be.
He's sure out of me.
And we got the Brady Bunch on here.
Do we have the Parkridge family?
God forbid?
Get the guy with the eyes all worked up and squeezing himself.
Wonder how I'd start on here.
Good.
Got the Brady Bunch.
See, the guy that called me for about the Brady Bunch,
what are you going to do?
Put all their names on your earring.
Every kid actor or actress.
Everybody who's ever.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're just going to follow on there.
We'll do a search on there.
We'll put like 7,000 names of every child actor or actress
who was ever in a movie or on TV.
We'll put them all on there.
Schmuck.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How about Michael Richards, Kramer from Sanko?
I never watched that.
I hate it.
That's true.
So I have no idea.
What do you say, guys?
Sure, whatever.
Okay, whatever you say.
It's time to throw it.
I don't know who that is.
I never watched that show for like two minutes.
Jerry Seinfeld made.
He gives me the Hebe Gebes.
I just, I do mean Hebe Gebes.
Oh, God.
I can't deal with him.
He's nauseating.
He's just dripping with that certain New York-UZI thing.
Barbara Bay is still alive.
Barbara Bay and Martin Landau are both still alive.
How do you like that?
I mentioned impossible.
I hit him with five shots.
And they're still alive.
Divorced, long since divorced.
But that was kind of interesting, you know, a sidelight to the fact that they were both on that show
and they were husband and wife at that time.
Not real interesting, but mildly interesting.
You know, you think?
Modelerally interesting.
Speaking of moderately interesting, the Oscar nominations announced after the top of the air will like to kill about two minutes with that.
When I see that Leo is on here, it just makes me want to...
Yeah.
How can anybody take that thing seriously, you know?
God.
It's just, it's amazing to me that, you know,
you can pedal anything to the American public and also be so-called critics and experts.
You can pedal any kind of crap, you know?
He must have some really good naked pictures of somebody.
Or he's doing something like that.
He's pathetic.
He's a silly person.
He's a simple dude, man.
He's a little...
A little screamer.
Greg Morris.
Greg Morris.
The guy just called it and said that five minutes ago when you were busy arguing with him about Max Bayer.
Damn it.
He said Greg Morris.
That's what he said.
Damn it.
Damn.
Who?
I said I said I said Greg Morris's dead.
I said that.
Did I say that?
Did you say that?
No, but it looked better.
I did say that.
Well, I thought he was dead and now we know for sure.
Damn it.
There seems to be a lot of that going around.
Oh, there we go.
Damn, I thought I was going to be next.
Am I doing a live spot here or not?
I guess not, huh?
No.
Because I already threw the long way.
See, today I want to like, start getting...
No, I want to start getting ahead of myself.
This business of not scratching out the breaking.
That's all because of that time thing that we went through.
And as far as Moe is concerned about doing 10 to 2,
I have everything's just fine with me.
It's already 11 o'clock and we like barely set our fat asses down in the cheers here.
You are the same type of wheel Roger.
And the school is going to be on 560, 60, 60.
Thank you, A.M.
This is the new Roger show.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go.
And questions.
Some stations give you cars.
Some stations give you cars.
But this station is going to give you the best gift of all.
Because this station is going to give you peace of mind.
There's bad luck.
Just be the third color when you hear this sound.
And we'll give you a lobotomy.
That's right.
Will you remove a part of your brain responsible for coherent thoughts?
No more fear.
No more problems.
Just day after day of peace, something in a semi-degetated state.
You'll be surrounded by people who will call you.
Feed you and record your every vowel movements.
And your day is playing with bits of paper and brightly colored blood.
24 hour piece of...
Oh, because you had a lobotomy.
This station is not liable for botched lobotomies
that leave winners nearly stupid instead of peaceful.
But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night ship in the back.
Lose your mind.
Literally.
People listening to me.
Or just come to work in QA.
I mean, I have the same effect.
Love at a clock at QA.M.
Here's one that I thought to put on there.
But I have seen them in a variety of other things, especially lately.
Robert De Niro, his Elmer.
Right.
Always catches a mobster.
But not lately.
You know, he's been in some different neighborhood.
I think he probably deserves to be on there.
You can put it on there.
Yeah.
And another good one is on Elmer's list here.
Joe Pesci.
Even though he was in...
What was that awful boxing move with everybody?
Raves about raging bull.
Okay.
But he still played the same character.
Pretty much.
You know what I mean?
He's still the same thing.
He'll pass you with anything.
He's always like that.
Joe Pesci.
Here's a very good one.
How about Henry Winkler to Fonz?
Say...
Fonz, what a boy.
What is Spies Him or Why?
What?
Here you go again.
You know, every...
Hate everybody.
You just sit your heart asked.
You don't like anybody.
Except Tom Brady.
I guess like David Cassidy, I'm proud to admit it.
He sure was pretty.
So there it is.
I don't want to disappoint your friend, the guy with the eyes.
Because if we got him up, he wouldn't show up at any more of your appearances.
I would see him in a long time.
Good.
Thank God.
Maybe he died.
Oh, wouldn't that be a horror?
We don't even have a party.
Oh!
No.
He's the one.
The altar says George Reeves, the original Superman killed himself because of being
typecast.
There's a lot of debate about whether he actually committed suicide or not.
There were Reeves.
In fact, if you go on one of those biography channels, you'll remember now, and you'll see one of these deals about...
Who is the other one?
From Hogan's Heroes.
Oh, I forgot.
The Poro Freak.
Oh, Bob-Doh.
A lot of cranes.
A lot of cranes.
When you get rid of what?
Sorry.
Man, Bob Crane, right?
A lot of rumor about even the dead.
Anyway, George Reeves, you know, you might want to put Superman in parentheses on that trash
because who else is going to do George Reeves?
The thing we're talking about Jim Reeves, the Orc from music.
Christopher Reeves.
Nor Chris Reeves, another Superman.
That thing was Superman and Reeves, man.
It's not a good combination.
And in fact, even playing Superman, Bud Codyer.
He played Superman on a radio and bought a band.
He died.
He could be on the title of Truth on TV, remember, Bud Codyer?
Nope.
And also, what was that other horrible game he was on?
Or they had like a limited time to do those stupid stunts.
What was that?
I don't know what it was.
Volker Brian will know.
Here's the number one choice according to this factor.
It says, it didn't matter what movie he was in.
He played the same.
A f***ing little character.
And you're right.
John Wayne, the Duke.
John Wayne.
Get that under a meaty.
He goes zooming to the top.
He'll pass battle like he's laid out in a box.
Right?
Yep.
John Wayne.
Boy, could he act or what, huh?
The Duke.
You don't mess with the Duke.
And what was his name again, Marion?
Pete the Clock.
Pete the Clock.
Very good.
Thanks, Volker Brian.
Yes.
Did I tell you?
Yep.
Oh, and I guess I'll play it.
It's just a humor.
He did a bit that I didn't put in a computer because...
Huh.
...that is hysterical.
Well, if anybody's ever seen Volker Brian, which is most people haven't,
if you saw him, then this would be very, very funny.
If you don't know him, he never saw him.
He'll pull the picture of his head on the website.
There you go.
Get it.
And now for you youngsters, I will slap my bald head.
Okay.
All right.
There you go.
That's the only time I'll ever hear that.
I hope you enjoy it.
Well, no, it's a bit of a side thing.
You know, we find it all very amusing, but...
Tracey and Kendall has three nominations for the pool.
It's a good thing the first one isn't going to qualify.
There's three as one too many.
Carol O'Connor to which I would say absolutely not.
I mean, Carol O'Connor's last thing was that awful...
In the heat of the night.
In the heat of the night.
I was on TV and he was...
I don't know.
I agree with that more than Robert De Niro.
You agree with what?
That he's more type cast than Robert De Niro.
If we're going to be relatively...
No.
I think it's Menza, Menza, half and half.
Okay, well, put Carol O'Connor on there.
A lot of people ask, all I know is R.T. Bunker.
All I know, right?
Right.
Here's me and Susan play these themes again, though.
Let's do that every day.
Sure.
We won't have any audience left before.
That'd be great.
Oh, that's not through the every day.
I'll love it.
Do we love it?
Oh, I don't wait, let me love it.
Okay, that's not enough.
Carol O'Connor, Gary Coleman, oh yeah.
Midget here.
And Barbara Eden.
Yeah, I saw Barbara Eden a couple of other things,
but I think definitely when you see Barbara,
you think of Genie, right?
Right.
I like Harper Valley PTA.
And Tracy says, go, a patch, have a great day.
Thanks, Tracy.
Three for three.
Here's Jim, who says,
Governor Arnold belongs on your pool.
Oh, yeah, the terminator.
That's all he is.
Terminally obnoxious.
Arnold.
Got it.
Paul's suggestion would be great now if they had managed,
who would be great enough they managed to stay alive?
Oh, Brandon, the Wilder.
My vote is Eddie Cochrane.
Remember Eddie Cochrane's sitting in the balcony?
Nope.
I do.
I think that was Eddie Cochrane, I'm pretty sure.
Anyway, a poll for who would be great now if they managed to stay alive?
Hmm.
I don't think there's that many of them, are there?
Well, what the audience will hear is names of dead people.
No, no.
No, people who died before they, people who died young
before they were around long enough for the people.
I mean, wait and say the question.
Like Brandon, the Wilder.
That's the only one I can think of.
It says Eddie Cochrane.
Oh, okay.
Singer.
Buddy Holly, but Buddy Holly did achieve fame.
That's the fact he was on the yesterday's pool after he,
and she had had a lot more votes, by the way.
Shame on you people.
He became legendary after he died.
And he wasn't a good singer.
He was a very mediocre at best.
Yeah.
He was horrible.
Yeah.
That'll be the day.
He was weak, man.
He was weak and wimpy and goofy looking and the Yahoo Ee.
But now he's legendary because after some people died, they become legendary.
You know what I mean?
Like for example.
Now, just a joke, Johnny.
Just like no.
I know for you.
I'm scared.
5607-0560.
The Verizon and Sicular Wireless Line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the ball.
Okay.
Good.
One.
I like that.
I say Adam Sandler always plays the same guy in every movie.
Same idiot, right?
Very good.
Very good.
You got it.
And Bob Barker agrees, by the way.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
You have a good one, Neil.
You too.
Adam Sandler.
Oh, man.
Do I like Adam Sandler?
No.
You don't like anybody, Neil.
Lame somebody you do like besides Bella Lagosi.
Well, look at all these people on the pole here.
I like all of them.
Bella Lagosi, Charles Bronson, like an envoy, Boris Carlaw,
William Schender, Edward G. Robinson.
Bob Denver, I don't like Adam West, I like.
Erica Stroud, I don't like.
John Wayne, I don't like.
But so far, Michael Richards, I don't know who that is.
Peter Falk, I love.
David Cassidy, I love.
Literally.
Joe Pesci, I love.
And well, the only thing with Joe Pesci is he's too much.
You know, not far from any of the same routine.
Get a new act, yeah?
Right?
Right.
Do I am used to use you know, I am used to use with this act.
In fact, he started to sound like Carol O'Connor.
A little bit.
He's a little like I keep bunker.
And I would like to be serious with you.
Yeah, I get out of here.
George Reeves, Superman liked him a lot.
Henry Winkler, I can't stand.
But so far, I'd say like about 90% of people on a pole I like.
Right?
Adam Sandler makes me want to puke.
I don't like can't stand.
Barbara Eden, I love.
Gary Coleman can't stand.
I'm not into short people.
Carol O'Connor, I love.
I already did those.
Robert De Niro, I like a lot.
Too much of this say, too much same this again, you know.
Too much, too many of those Guido roles.
Henry Winkler nauseating.
Avert Ward.
Oh, I can't even describe you.
Max Bear.
I say, I don't know who Max Bear is because I don't watch this show.
I don't watch this show.
So you could maybe do character all day long.
And it would be like naming to me the characters on the dukes of hazard.
John Stiders, the only one I know, that's only because he looks so then.
Good.
And even then I didn't watch this show is the most awful.
That could be the worst show ever.
Duke's hazard.
Peter Sellers, I love Fred Gwynn.
I like to love James R.N.S.
And I read Ryan.
I don't know who that is.
Who is she?
Granny.
Oh, I don't watch that show either.
From the Beverly Hill building.
I know I never watch the end of Yahoo shows.
You did.
But you don't know what you're going to be.
Yahoo show.
The funny show, they ripped everything in everyone.
Jay and, oh, here we go.
Here's the spy report.
Oh, first of the pool, Melissa Joan Hart.
She was San Breonna for the teenage group.
So she was like 25.
Right.
You got it?
Right.
Melissa Joan All Heart.
Jay and David Sizzle had a radio accident this morning.
I flipped over and listened to Joe Rose and to my surprise it was a fill in BFO DFO.
It was the normal, unlistenable crap.
That's what Miguel told me this morning, a little spy report.
He said it was incoherent and unlistenable is what he said.
Unlistenable.
QAM needs to get the mad dog taken care of since 790 is ready to hire anybody.
And that's right, they're on the problem, baby.
They're on the move.
They're on the move and on the improve, or at least they think they are.
All they got so far is Joe Rose and they keep putting all these other weenies around like
Minervini and all these other people.
But that means nothing.
I'm going to say it again.
There's only a very, very tiny number of people in the sports business in South Florida on a radio who mean anything.
Hank Goldberg, Jim Mandage, Joe Rose, I'm on a material.
That's it.
I'll leave anybody out.
You asking me?
No, but that's it.
I'll leave anybody out, Josh.
I guess not.
No.
So you don't have to be so wishy-washy about it just because we exposed your gambling problem.
Tell me, Savannah, that's a really good one.
Who loves you, baby?
No, but before Kojak, he was in like custom movies.
He was a well-known actor.
But once he was in Kojak, man, he was Kojak.
He was always stuck in on a lovely pop.
Oh, yeah.
Friend, Risher, the Nanny.
Can you make it a name?
No.
Now, and Dennis Frans, who's always a cop.
Yeah, that's a very good one.
He's a good actor, but he's always the same.
Says Damien.
Thank you, Damien.
Oh, here's another great one.
Somebody, I can't stand personally, who makes me want to like, crap all over the place.
Oh, here's two more good ones.
Slice the loan.
No, Adrian.
What a moron.
No, I'm not talking about what he can help.
What do you mean by that?
He's that.
No, I'm not talking about what he can help, but I'm talking about the public that we sponsored.
Like, yeah, it's just saying he's like the George Bush of the movies.
Him and Arnold.
All the Arnold of course is, oh, I don't even want to say it.
The governor.
Slice the loan.
And David Hasselhoff.
He's always going to be that same jerk who, you know, running around on the beach, trying to be a sex pot, hanging around with all of them hot, young bodies.
You know, that's David Hasselhoff.
We don't know without that car.
And if you tell me the car was gay, you should never know that because the show was horrible.
Right.
Never the worst.
You actually watched that show?
No.
What does it mean that the car was gay?
What does that mean?
The actor who did the car.
Who did the car?
Who did the car?
Is the flavor.
Oh, I see.
You know, you must have a car kept trying to rear end other cars.
Well, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was,
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was
I was I was a organization. But forלא passing out of university from that gate, I was a computer class participating. And then, and then, and then in the morning, I moved to a university of a clock game named out with my students. I was I was, I was I was Director…
I asked that question, because that was just a learning session. And the last time I wasọngă. And I had heard this. But, I worked on it until beginning.
I did almost anything to get an action.
I know. I'm talking about the parties.
I had a little too much to drink that night.
Yeah, I know that too, but you're not the only one.
Explosive actions.
First daughter of our book,
smashed her head on the dance floor
when a friend should dance and with,
dipped her too low.
That friend, Captain Morgan.
So, your daughter, Barb, drinking all the time.
Besides Captain Morgan, what else was she drinking?
Jackangles and...
Excellent.
Wow.
So, what kind of guidance have you given her?
Party with the animals.
That's as great a- that says Hollywood.
1160 to 560 W.
Two of them. It's a fine-up standing American family, man.
Make no mistake about that.
For Terry Shiboh, I guess,
they're gonna pull the plug.
We'll get to that story.
Okay.
Let's see. Here's some more...
They're gonna have a million names on this pool.
Phenys would.
Dirty Harry.
Now, he was very good and play Misty for me,
which had nothing to do with Dirty Harry.
That was, I think, preceded all the Dirty Harry flex, Emily.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Bob and four longer than him since Phenys would.
I think that's correct.
When you...
Well, he's done a lot of stuff, but never the last 30 years.
But, nevertheless, John Adams,
right, and Kelsey Ramer.
Right.
Good choices.
Got him.
Got him.
And, Verne Troyer, many me.
And as long as we're doing the Austin Powers,
how about Mike Myers?
Oh, I don't know.
He's done a million things.
But, yeah, I got big.
Get outta here.
He's done a million things.
Sit thing, right there.
Saturday Night Live.
The coffee talk.
All those characters.
Let me sit again.
Mike Myers.
All right.
Right now, right now,
this moment, he is Austin Powers.
If he wanted to be anything else right now,
see all of those other things preceded those movies, didn't he?
That's a good point.
Mike Myers.
Good morning.
Good Canadian, boy, eh?
5'67", oh, 5'60".
Found 5'60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
When's that hockey start, and Neo?
Is it going to start anytime soon?
Oh.
Nobody cares.
Even here, they don't care.
Like, get lost already.
We just want the power back on and clean some of them.
Snow off the road, please.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
The most beautiful person ever to grace TV, Elizabeth Montgomery.
That sounded like your friend there, didn't it?
It sounded like somebody.
It sounded like Tommy Harvey Jr.
I hope not, but at any rate, that's the choice.
Elizabeth Montgomery, she would be worst.
We love Elizabeth Montgomery's show.
Just don't mess with her on the show.
That's right.
Because they would be mess with us.
It's a matter of fact.
There, there, there.
The whole darn cast is dead.
Oh!
Not that we didn't enjoy her in a lot of other movies.
She's too Elizabeth Montgomery.
She was a tremendous actress.
But she's had cast.
She was what's your name and be which?
What was your name?
Samantha.
So you beat you to it.
And her twin sister was Serena.
Serena.
Well, you had to see this.
And Serena?
That was the different show.
Right.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60, under Verizon, singing the right one.
Let's take a peek at that thing.
I think John Wayne is going to go zoom in to the top.
Who is the most type cast actor or actress ever?
Bella Lagoose has got 42.
He may have a pretty good lead right now.
Pretty safe.
Perfect.
Charles Bronson 24, later in Nimoy 20.
Boris Carlov 19.
Aram Lusford's Nega has got 13.
John Wayne 12.
See the Duke is just, he's starting to climb the ladder.
William Shatner 10.
Edward G. Robinson 9.
Gangsta.
Adam West 8.
Bob Denver 7.
Michael Richards 5.
Joe Pesci has got 4.
Erick Astralto 4.
Peter Falk 3.
Adam Sandler 2.
Robert De Nero 2.
David Cassidy has got a pair.
Albede.
Melissa Joan Hart has got 1.
Barbara Eden 1.
Henry Winkler 1.
Peter Settles 1.
Fred Gwyn 1.
Nanyet.
Melissa Montgomery just went on her.
Nanyet for Mike Myers, Vert and Troyer.
We didn't put Vertward on her, did we?
That way, did.
Oh, there he is.
He didn't have any votes yet.
How could he not have any votes?
Can you name me anything else you ever saw?
Vertward played me such Robin on Batman, huh?
Name me one other thing that you ever saw him in?
They Adam West is stealing all his votes.
Yeah.
Well, because they got a vote for one of them.
Is that because he filled out the tights better?
Is that what it was?
That was the rumor.
It was tighter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and 0, and 0.
Actually, you're rude.
I hate each other like poison is what they said on biography.
That's a good channel, by the way.
Do you have the biography channel?
Yes.
Next one.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hola.
Hi.
Hi.
I got two for your poll.
OK.
Raymond Burr.
Raymond Burr.
And Lon Chaney.
You're doing an echoing off.
Is that Lon Chaney Senior or Junior?
The Wolfman.
Junior.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Lon Chaney, Junior, who is the Wolfman and who is always in those...
Yeah, yeah.
Horror movies, right?
Right.
Lon Chaney Senior on the other side was the opposite of Typecast.
Yeah, he was in all kinds of things.
Although he was the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Among other things, yes.
I wonder if Larry King would have gone to school there.
Would he have been the Hunchback of Notre Dame?
It's the Hunchback wherever he goes.
Yeah.
We got Lon Chaney, Junior.
Who else did she say?
Raymond Burr.
Raymond Burr.
Oh, don't gay.
Oh, Moe is going to go on a ride.
Don't go on a ride.
No, it was gay.
Yeah, you don't know anybody is gay.
OK, Moe, do you like the whole world is like strictly in a locker room, slapping each other on a gas.
Just for kicks, you know?
Just for gym kick.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I'm Alex Salvatore, for you.
Solid.
Absolutely.
The first one is going to do actually Linda Blair.
Linda Blair is very good.
The second one is probably not going to do as well, but this is a qualified Mark Hamill, Luke Skywalker.
Oh, sure.
You're right.
Sure.
I think that would be one better.
Thanks, Sally.
See ya.
Be me.
Why don't you do this to me?
I don't know.
Well, that wasn't her, but we don't have anything about Linda Blair.
But that was the movie.
Linda Blair is going to be a piece of it.
Linda Blair is turned out to be the curtain once again.
She's got no courage, and she's a fine young lady, but nevertheless, I don't know if she's
like doing anything anymore.
She's like still acting or whatever.
She's got no courage.
Oh, she's not doing anything.
Five.
Six, seven.
Oh, five, sixty.
And Tom five, sixty, and the Verizon singular Rhinoclin.
What a thought.
I know.
70 QAAM, hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
You were talking about the same thing.
You know, I was talking about Erica Strott earlier.
He's now doing voiceovers for CLAB 2021.
Oh, adult, yeah.
Adult cartoon.
This is like a one for the bowl.
Run up in Zali, so to speak.
Yes.
Yeah, really.
How about Lassie?
Lassie was definitely typecast.
That's cute.
Right.
Oh, God.
I mean, can you imagine Lassie?
And of course, there was more than one Lassie though.
I saw him try to play the cat in one of the other Lassie was supposed to be a male, but
it kind of fight out that most of the dogs that played Lassie were like female.
But they never know the opposite.
Was it the opposite?
Lassie is the word means.
Lassie was a lady from Lassie, but most of the dogs were males.
I see.
No, did you check on us or what?
I did a lot of research.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
Yeah.
QAM?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't really have a lot of time to wait for Neil.
Well, you're talking to him right now.
He's on.
You're on.
Oh, wow.
How about that?
Instant service.
Yeah, I'm asking.
Can I say it on the air?
You're right ahead.
Say it on the air.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one for your pro light.
Yep.
I think it was perfectly.
How about Robin Williams?
Robin, you're something that's one of the best ones we've had all day.
I was thinking about yesterday when I was thinking about doing this call.
Excellent choice, pal.
Thanks.
All right.
See, that is.
Don't you agree?
In fact, see, with Robin Williams, no matter what character he's playing, it's still he's playing Robin Williams.
That guy.
Whether it's the doctor patch with a big red nose.
No, isn't that.
Whether it's the shrink in Good The Will Hunting.
Every movie, it's Robin Williams playing Robin Williams.
Pretending to be somebody else, but still playing Robin Williams.
He is just, he's not an actor.
See, he was a funny guy when it stand up about 20 years ago.
But after that, he decided he was an actor or something decided to that.
And he's not.
He did a couple of, was that one hour photo?
I don't know if you saw that where he plays a very, very serious, creepy, straight character.
But that's about it.
That's very rare that he would do that.
Right.
Now, the other ones are all the same.
Like I just told you, a couple of nights ago, I was watching Little Brother, that Good Will Hunting again,
and realizing just how tragic it was.
That was a bad movie.
In fact, what made it even worse was the fact that Matt and Ben were in there again.
I think they were doing something.
Robin?
That's why the board identity is good because Ben isn't in either one of them.
Ben asked for help.
So we got to be very careful, I always say that.
Ben Afroch.
I didn't see it.
Alex and Miami says, a few for the pool.
A few.
Well, there you go.
That's all right.
We don't care.
We're not too busy anymore.
Okay.
We just want the money from these grave robbing bastards.
We don't care.
We're just taking the money.
And Josh needs it badly so we can go and carry out his compulsive gambling habit.
Now, do you go over to the seminals to the Indians or what?
Well, that's you, man.
You're in the slots.
I heard you're in the slots too, is what I heard.
I'll hold day.
I wasn't talking about gambling.
Me either.
Alex and Miami says, a few for the pool.
Steven Sigal.
Okay.
Van Diesel.
Van Diesel.
I said.
You are so predictable, man.
Who's Van Diesel?
Oh, just forget about it.
Call up your buddy there, Marvin.
See what he has to say about it.
Maybe, Movo your money.
Bruce Lee.
Well, yeah, Bruce Lee not be tight cast.
But that's true, right?
Mm-hmm.
That'll give him two polls and two days.
And John Claude Van Dam.
Yeah.
Of course.
Van Diesel.
Steven Sigal.
Bruce Lee.
John Claude Van Dam.
Here's another one.
Mark and Pine Chris says.
Your taste in TV shows is in your ass.
Nightrider was a fantastic way to spend an hour.
It's iconic of 80s television.
Even Terry Shive will hook up.
It's, oh yeah.
She does today.
But when they pulled that tube momentarily, she's going to be saying,
eh, like that.
As a matter of fact, the honor of Terry Shivell.
Yeah.
I think actually I did watch Nightrider.
I'm not really sure.
I'm trying to wipe it out of my mind.
I'm not positive.
I have seen it, you know, back in the day when it was on.
But I didn't watch it like regular because he was in it.
I never liked David Hasel.
He always got on my nerves.
Woody Allen.
That is sensational.
I mean, he's like Robin Williams again.
He's always playing Woody Allen.
A little right.
Right.
He's always the same.
He's always the never-sickest word of Woody Allen.
Right.
You don't have to act because that's him.
27th episode, we're going to have like a thousand people on this poll today.
That's good.
Keep Josh Busy there.
Keep them off the crap tables.
And with Brandy's Sumonga selection, you can just about bet Mattie Bell's life on it
that whatever style appeals to you, it's in your size on a shelf right this life on your feet right now.
Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday 9 till 9 and on Sundays 10 to 5.
And Brandy's is still in that same great location they've been doing it right for years and years now.
You'll find Brandy's at 12.90, North Federal Highway and Pumpino Beach.
And right now is a super time to buy just about everybody's favorites.
New Balance.
Choose this wicked Brandy's.
Save up to 20 bucks a pair on New Balance this week.
So be sure to come into the store this week or you can shop online at BrandySews.com.
You're listening to Neil Rogers' exclusive link on 5.60.
So all five.
You're not on site, huh?
The new reality shows at top's all other reality shows that they think their reality shows,
but they're into insignificant when it comes to budget-conscious reality shows.
Dude, did you see that?
It's dust by day.
They plug spoilers.
But at night, they take a video journal of what they plug for called Straight Blathers or the Weird Ghost on a deserted island with someone else's family.
I think I heard something.
Whoa.
Why aren't you monitoring the equipment?
Don't you think I give him chance after chance?
I know, but he's good with the computer, dude.
Wait, wait.
There it is again.
I didn't hear it.
One of the EVP back.
Okay.
Why don't you go punch it, Tylas.
Please, me alone.
You know, that sounds like Paul Linn.
Plummers, not last.
Get lost.
They go play with their ballcock.
Dude, it is Paul Linn.
Talk to his Paul.
We can help you.
Talk to his Paul.
Shut up.
Don't bother me.
Can't you idiot see I'm dead?
Don't!
Don't miss Straight Blummers for the Weird Ghost on a deserted island with someone else's family tonight on Sci-Fi.
Faaaaming!
Twenty-eight-till-know-it-of-a-few-empty-means says, did you know the USA channels we do in Kojak were the Ving Rames in the title role?
Who's that?
Oh, he's a black guy.
Big one.
A black Kojak?
Okay.
Oh, no.
When Will Smith did the Wild Wild West a lot of the pig-medally challenged people, White folks went nuts.
I can imagine what will happen with this as they mean.
White folks went nuts when Will Smith did the Wild Wild West.
I just do our go nuts when he does anything.
No, I have to see it.
So I like to immediately change a channel or whatever.
Or don't go see the movie.
Jimmy Walker, JJ, yeah, typecast, you can say that again.
Never saw him no more, did we?
No.
To see there's something to be happy about.
Let's have a party and celebrate it.
Ooooo!
Now Tom Cruise, I don't agree with.
Even though I don't like Tom Cruise lately.
I used to like him a lot.
I don't know why.
Right.
Maybe I thought he'd look up.
But he's played every kind of rapper like in Rain Man.
And, huh?
Nice guy.
Retarded guy.
He's cold.
He can hear a...
Magnolia where he plays the TV guy.
He's been all over the place.
Yeah, I don't agree with that.
Even though he is gay.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 out of Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Who is or was the most typecast actor actress of all time?
I'm not getting to my stuff here now because it's so...
Go over so big.
It's going over bigger than Frickin' Mary Tyler Moore and the $6 million man.
Oscar nominations announced.
The nominations for the 77th Annual Academy Awards were announced today.
This morning from Beverly Hills, California.
nominees for Best Picture Are, the Aviator.
Oh my God.
Finding Neverland, Million Dollar Baby, Ray, and Sideways.
The nominees for Best Actor Are, Gone Cheatle for Hotel Rwanda.
Johnny Depp, Finding Neverland.
Oh!
Plenty's to a Million Dollar Baby, Jamie Foxx for Ray, and Leo DeCaprio for the Aviator.
Now, these are Best Actress Are, and then, then, for Being Julia.
Catalina Sandino Moreno.
How's Rita Moreno doing?
She's fine.
For Maria Full of Grace, a Melda Stoughton, Vera Drake, Hillary Swank, Million Dollar Baby,
she's going to get it.
And Kate Winslet, eternal scrunch out of the spotless mind.
You notice how we got Leo and Kate Winslet back on here again together?
You see that?
It's a Titanic injustice is what it is.
Good for her and bad for her.
Yeah.
The nominees for Best Supporting Actor Are, Alan Aldo, the Aviator.
Thomas Hadden Church, Hayden Church, Sideways.
I have no idea who that is.
Jamie Foxx, Galadriel.
Morgan Freeman, Million Dollar Baby.
I love Morgan Freeman.
And Clive O'Em Closer.
Closer.
Closer.
Closer.
What did we decide that the woman called in that day and told us?
Whatever it is.
nominees for Best Supporting Actress Are, Kate Blanchett, the Aviator, Laura Linny, Kinsey,
Virginia Madden, Sideways, Sophia Okanido, Hotel Rwanda, and Natalie Portman Closer.
Closer, Closer.
And nominees, I don't know what it is.
Closer.
What is it?
Closer.
We need closure.
So, closure mouth.
nominees for Best Director Are, Clint Eastwood, Million Dollar Baby, Martin Scorsese of the Aviator,
Taylor Hackford for Ray, Alexander Payne for Sideways, and Martin Scorsese of the Aviator,
Mike Lee for Vera Drake, the 77th Annual Academy Awards, whether it be February 27th on ABC, ABC,
narrated by John Madden.
Did you know that John Madden was the original choice for that, that, that, that, that,
so it wasn't to our loans, it was announced to John Madden.
For reasons that are unclear, Madden couldn't find a time to perform for the skit.
Owens, the Philadelphia Eagles receiver, filled in for him in the steamy sketch that drew
viewer protest in a network apology, ABC Entertainment President Steve McPherson said Sunday.
Oh, I said, uh, Terrell Owens, excuse me.
T.O.
And the spoof that proceeded in November 15th football game, desperate housewives actress,
Nicola Chirin, persuaded Owens to skip the game by dropping the towel wrapped around her
and jumping into his arms.
ABC initially thought it would be funny to have the, uh, less attractive Madden as the subject of
Sheridan's Ardermott first and said, the towel wrapping was another last minute addition of the script
that plainfully back, that plainly backfired said, Mark Chirin, executive producer of
desperate housewives who helped write it.
Chirin said it was all a mistake, but he and McPherson both said they were surprised at the
reaction.
I feel really bad about it, Chirin said I didn't want to upset people.
I didn't realize that Monday night football was such a family viewing experience.
I wouldn't let my five year old watch beer commercials with big busted cheerleaders,
but that's just me.
Chirin appeared before its television writer, son.
They said the purpose was simply to amuse people.
Did that amuse you?
She said, did it amuse you?
Taking a pop culture incident like that and having it take precedence over the underlying problems
of the world was absurd.
Chirin said, you go, Nicola, and always like to go all the way back to not slanting, right?
Yeah.
What's not to like?
See, she's got her thumb right on it.
She knows all this big, semis being made about nothing.
Oh, jeez, you'd wrap the towel and we'll discuss everything that's disgusting.
That's the problem with America.
Pure, technical, goody, tushy, she was crazy people.
We want to turn the clock back 100 freaking years.
30 years wasn't enough.
About 30 minutes.
Right, Wayne Bornegan, God Squad maniac.
Lunatics, crazy people.
Oh my God, we didn't see anything.
What did we see?
Did we see a little...
Correct, maybe?
It was implied.
Oh, it was implied there was something make it...
Well, maybe she doesn't have any breasts.
How do you like that?
Maybe she had them chopped off.
That a white woman...
Maybe had them a black man.
That's the black man.
Bit him off.
Who the hell knows?
Who the hell are you people, kid?
America grow up already.
Get a freaking life.
I have no life.
Stop it of a lonely.
Every time there's like a little nipple, a little...
Oh my God, the world's gonna come to an end.
Yeah.
The end of the world is weaned to it.
That happened when they stole that first election in 2000.
That was the end of the world as weaned to it.
That was it, Penito.
Just asked all of them dead soldiers in Iraqis.
But don't forget, we got those elections coming up Sunday.
Freedom, China March.
And then we're gonna have like freedom on a march in 8,000 other countries too.
Big Mike in St.P. says, how can you forget Hugh Grant?
I'm trying to.
He makes me gang.
But that's a good choice.
He's always, he's always Hugh Grant.
Same silly ass britainary movie.
He makes me puke.
I'm with you, Big Mike.
Let's all keep together for Hugh Grant.
I didn't know what I went one there.
Let's slash it all over the place.
All over the flow.
There's another one.
Boy, this is amazing.
And four modern Ilsa's.
Then we do Henry Winkler.
We did that.
We did.
Now he says John Provolta that came to my mind.
But I don't think so.
Because he's been into one of the things like...
Right.
He's bad in too many other things.
Right.
I mean, he's a lot of the different.
It says there will always be the funds in Vinny Barbarino.
I agree with Henry Winkler, but John Provolta has been too many different things.
Actually, one movie I saw on TV, you actually liked it.
What that was?
Who was the father that little kid and they were trying to like that house on?
Oh, look who's talking.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
He was actually ever doing that.
I couldn't believe it.
In fact, I could say that's not John Provolta.
Yeah, he was pretty good.
So he's been in too many other things.
Plus, he showed was on.
I mean, so was Happy Days, but I don't know.
So long ago, and nobody remembers that anymore.
But Henry Winkler, I think he was the only one who got the whole thing on.
Right.
The else of notes.
Anyway, Henry Winkler, I think he might have done what Richie is cutting him.
21 till noon at 5.
So he has nothing with you and the only other guy.
Everybody's gay.
No, there are no gay people.
It's just a myth.
It's just something that the right wingers have made up just so they have a scapegoat.
Because religion without a scapegoat ain't worth a damn.
Mad little hair used to say religion without a helling worth a damn.
I say religion without a good scapegoat ain't worth a crap.
Is what it ain't?
Gotta have some scapegoats, okay?
I mean, the thing with the need of Brian, an Alvin Dark, and all this other craft start away back 75 for a crime.
How many years ago that is?
3rd man.
Many years, and they're still a crap, a crap and a no pants with the same garbage, okay?
Because they can't find another suitable scapegoat.
It used to be the Dark folks, but that's not politically correct anymore.
So not the only ones you can backshort a faggot and the non-believers, the heathens, the infadils.
Well, that sounds like what those crazy muscle-legal.
20-till-new and at 5.60 W.K.N.I.
Get ready, Josh.
You haven't been on the Enmo Coast for quite a while, Josh is going to make a reappearance in our spot.
The Enmo Coast wants everyone to know that you can still enjoy lobster festivities to be Friday through Sunday night.
During lobster fest, the Enmo Coast will be serving succulent, juicy main lobster thermometer, and homemade lobster bisque.
Every night, the Enmo Coasters will ask in stone crab legs, fresh oysters on a half shell, stone crab claws, and cocktail.
If seafood is not for you, the Enmo Coast has the juiciest parameter, where I'm going to go cook a New York strip steak right to order on their flaming grill.
On their...
FAMING!
Grill.
Make sure to leave room for dessert at the new and amazing 40-inch chocolate fondue fountain, where you can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, and other decadent treats Friday through Sunday nights.
Oh God.
Don't you just love different strawberries and marshmallows and chocolate?
Yeah, I do that for you.
The Enmo Coasters floor is number one Asian seafood gourmet, but phase rated by Zagat restaurant review with three locations for you.
In sunrise, sunny house beach and pepper pines, for reservations called 9.5.4.572.3822.
9.5.4.572.3822.
Head for the Enmo Coastal this weekend and dip it in chocolate.
This is your signature meal Roger.
And why for news on Culland and Lane Jacksonville, Florida, Chuck Buick finally gave up.
Chuck enjoys marijuana, so he decided to accept poor Harvey suggestion.
He gave up.
He went to the phone.
He called me.
He ordered a bong.
Bong, that's a pipe used to smoke marijuana.
I want you to hear this carefully because you're thinking about a Valentine's Day present for somebody you love very much.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
I want to say a few words.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Jack Cudman and Todd Bridges qualified for your poem.
Jack Cudman and who?
Todd Bridges from a different stroke.
Whoever that is, okay, thanks.
Jack Cudman.
Yeah, I'd cover it, right?
Who's Todd Bridges?
Willis, as in what you're talking about, Willis.
Oh, I don't feel much.
The other guy with the poem.
Oh, I don't feel much.
Oh, I don't feel much.
The other guy with the poem.
Not Willis from all in the family.
No.
No.
No, that is me.
Mr. Willis.
No, that is me.
Mr. Willis.
No, that is me.
No, okay, that's enough.
Well, I want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
I don't want to hear her.
So, the night I had cried.
See, that's part of the whole sexist thing with America is that as great as he was,
there's no question he was like the centerpiece of that show.
She was like maybe only a half had agreed behind, either.
Right?
Right.
And yet, you know, when you talk about all the family, everybody talks Archie Bunker.
Nobody really gives her much credit, but she was so great.
She was important.
That's just important, but her acting performance was so sensational.
She was a fabulous man.
She delivered both to the comedy lines too.
Right.
Eat it.
Yes, she did.
On the show anyway.
I like Mother Jefferson too a lot.
She was great.
Ted says this guy is so typecast.
He doesn't even know his real name and he did a while, but how about Al Bundy for your expanding pool?
What is his name?
Edonio.
Edonio.
Perfect.
By the way, I'm still ill from yesterday when he mentioned that Katie, that talentless bitch,
Kirk makes.
No, by the way, you're going to get even sicker, Ted.
He says 14 million here.
You know, it's 16 million years she's making.
Over 38 grand a day, seven days a week.
I'll be in my cube if you need me.
Yeah.
Plus he ain't working seven days a week.
She's working five days like some of the rest of us.
So he's making probably about 50 Gs a week.
A day, whatever it is, disgusting.
Oh, Bobby and Vernon, they're sitting in tree K, our SSING.
Have you got that?
With an F?
That's.
You see this?
I don't know.
You're pulled.
You need the guy from Ernest goes to camp.
Ernest goes to jail, the verdant guy.
Where we did Mark Hamill, Luke Skywalker, which I'm sure Bobby and Vernon both have the
hots for Luke.
But who's the verdant guy?
I know who they're talking about.
Jim Barney.
Is that his name?
Yeah, and he's Ted.
Oh, but he was typecast.
That's it.
That was his franchise.
Good.
Kevin said.
I'm sorry.
Winning typecast try effect.
McCauley Culkin.
Now what was he typecast?
Did Michael Jackson's boyfriend?
I guess.
He's a little kid.
There's a little puppy.
Yeah, he's a little kid.
Yeah.
I got another one.
If we're going to put people like that on there, what about Robbie Benson?
He's got a million things.
He has.
That's right.
He played the Jew boy because he is Jewish.
In fact, his grandpa was the first to rabbi in Texas.
We're supposed to know that for some reason.
Keep bringing it up.
Robbie Benson's grandfather was the first rabbi in the state of Texas.
Okay.
Okay.
So we won't put him on there.
But McCauley Culkin fits Jackie Chan.
In your pocket.
Jackie Chan.
Okay.
And Leslie Neilsen.
From the airplane movies, baby.
Yeah.
He does all those.
I mean, I love Leslie Neilsen.
He's one of the greatest.
One of the funniest.
And a good Canadian boy, but I would agree with that.
He's always the goofball.
Yeah.
He's done a whole bunch of those.
He's good.
Leslie Neilsen is terrific.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How many names can we get on it?
It's not even New Year.
I bet you can get like several thousand.
About 30 million.
There are many thousand names on there.
Wouldn't that be great?
So every time you go to vote, you're going to have to scroll down, scroll, and scroll.
It'll keep you off the streets, keep you out of trouble.
And don't forget why you're scrolling.
Start rolling.
We got three fine photos of Carmen Electra.
I don't take anybody out there unless they're really gay.
And even those of us who are gay.
Oh, God.
No, okay.
Yeah.
I'll agree.
Carmen Electra.
Three photos today.
Now who we got tomorrow?
You tell me.
I got the list here somewhere.
We're going 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Oh, there's the Johnny Carson thing.
He was a tomorrow.
We got Anna Cora Hoya.
Okay.
The Angelian Jolion on the Thursday.
And Carmella Ditches-Adi.
This is her again on Friday.
You can't touch Carmella either though it wants you to.
Desperally.
Vatally.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, you have both Grandpa Monster.
Grandpa Monster.
Al Lewis.
Yeah, I didn't know his name.
Good one.
Okay, thanks.
Al Lewis from Howard Sterns, I mean the Monsters.
Yeah, Al Lewis.
Grandpa, he's great.
He's also gay.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah.
The guy from Karate Kids, Ralph Sumfren.
Ralph Machio.
Yeah.
As in Kenneth Smas Machio.
Okay, thanks.
Ralph Machio, that's all he was pucky little kid.
You got married when he was about 13 years old.
He's got 10 kids.
Actually, he's got a 30, but he just looked like he was 13.
BAPTTERD MANX.
He's got a bad complexion.
Yeah, he was an- what was the guy's name who played the instructor, the Karate instructor,
who was Pat Marita?
Yeah, Pat Marita.
When you want to put him on air, is he like type cast?
He's a Karate instructor and he's been in like several movies.
He's always plays the same goofball.
Pat Marita.
Okay.
He said, don't call me Rita.
Oh, you'll love this.
What we don't like this a lot.
The Supreme Court ruled yesterday that police can have dogs check out motorways vehicles for
drugs.
Even if no officers have- even if officers have no special reason to suspect a legal activity,
just on a whim, you know?
Pull over to the side of the road.
My pit bull here wants to sniff your ass.
The six to two opinion written by Justice John Paul Steven stipulates police dogs may
sniff only the outside of a car after a motorist is lawfully stopped for a traffic violation,
such as speeding or failing to stop at a stop sign.
But privacy rights advocate said the ruling would lead to far more traffic stops as a way
to find drugs, throogs.
They also warned that the decision could open up the door to more expansive searches from
sniffs inside the vehicle.
Oh, God.
Who the hell farted in here?
See, that's what I think.
If you see them come up with one of those police dogs that they stop here for running a stop sign or something,
then just, just tilt a little bit and just let out a, you know, I can't make those sounds anymore.
But it doesn't automatically-
Right.
Exactly.
They probably would inspire one anyway.
So instead of holding it in to be polite, just let it loose.
The dog will fix it like that and run like hell, and start making howling sounds and just run off the
leach and start heading down the road.
From sniffs inside the vehicle to chase the cars parked along sidewalks and pedestrians on the street.
Oh, yeah, you're walking down the street.
Hey, we got our pit bull right here.
We'd like to have a sniff your, uh,
Brackdough.
Private, sir, was something because you look like a drugie to me.
Before Mondays ruling, the Supreme Court authorized drug dogs primarily to sniff luggage and airports.
Now they're going to be sniffing all over the place.
The use of dogs is intimidating, said Harvey Grossman, and attorney with the ACLU in Chicago.
Thousands of motorists have called complaining about suddenly finding the car surrounded by policemen and drug dogs.
Now no one is safe from this major intrusion into our lives.
And, man, maybe you got like some takeout in the car, huh?
Maybe you got some canole from Doris markets, some chocolate canole and the dogs that-
And all of a sudden, like a tax to think and start eating your damn, uh, dessert, right?
Maybe you got takeout from Wendy's in there.
The dog is sniffing it like a, uh, a paws open to bag,
and like he's having like a triple cheese with bacon and onions.
And you may be laughing, but I'll tell you that little dog of mine.
One time there was a, uh, a plate with a pizza slice into four slices on a table in my living room.
And that damn dog picked up one slice and ran down a hallway with a slice in his mouth.
And he wasn't delivering either.
Can you, can you, can you picture that?
I got it in the line.
Yeah.
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan, who argued the case called the running of victory for law enforcement and the war on drugs.
The use of canine units, self-righteous, battle is indispensable, she said.
I'll tell you what it is, unacceptable.
And the Constitutional.
The case involved-
Well, this is the Supreme Court!
Oh, sorry.
This Constitutional Lounge, Mr.
The case involves Roy Caballi's, who was stopped by Illinois police in 1998 for driving six miles an hour over the speed limit.
What a joke!
Six miles an hour over the speed limit!
Although he lawfully produced his driver's license, troopers brought over a drug dog after noticing air freshener in the car and noticing that Caballi's appeared nervous.
The dogs indicated drugs were in the truck and police searched it even though he refused to give permission.
They found a quarter million dollars worth of marijuana Caballi's was convicted of drug trafficking.
The verdict was thrown out by the Illinois Supreme Court, which ruled the search was improper because police had no particular reason to suspect Caballi's had drugs.
Air freshener, if everybody's got air fresheners, got drugs in the car, man.
There's a lot of drugs out there.
Where the hell are they?
In his opinion, Stevens reversed the state court, ruling saying the intrusion into Caballi's privacy was too minimal to invoke constitutional protection.
A dog sniff during a conceivably lawful traffic stop that reveals no information other than the location of a substance that no individual has got any right to possess does not violate the Fourth Amendment's Stevens wrote.
In a dissent, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, full-sisted to Arne Ginsburg, bemoaned what she called the broadening of police search powers, saying the use of drug dogs will make routine traffic stops longer and more adversarial.
She was joined to her dissent by Justice David Souter.
The court, as long as the traffic stop should be brief since police use them often as a pretext to question motorists about other suspected legal activity.
Critics argue that authorities now have wide power to check the car without consent, even if a police dog proved to be wrong about the presence of drugs.
It might have just been a smelly old rotten big Mac.
Under today's decision, every traffic stop could become an occasion to call in the dogs to the distressed and embarrassment of the law-abiding population against Bird Road, citing the danger that police could soon conduct suspiciously.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station.
The police would have to take the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to get the car to the police station to
only one doubtration часов
only one doubt palace
All those made me ask
So I'm singing Alcatas
Alcatas
I'm full of damn tired
Of Alcatas
Blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom
Now blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom
Now blow my album
Anyway
Alcatas
Alcatas
Really am fine
And Alcatas
Blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom
Now blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom
Now blow my album
Now blow my album
Today
Alcatas
Alcatas
Double three and five sixty W. Kermey
I've got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog or two today
Mad Dog not one to overdo it
Mohawar David who's already overdoing it four to seven
Keldey seven to ten
K ten o'clock
That's our schedule
No ball game is no fall to roll
Just a mess of slate
Here's some good news
Well I mean not really good news
But at least they respite from the insanity
A majority of US communications regulators have voted to deny viewer complaints
That ABC television stations violated in decency rules
When they aired the movie
Saving Private Ryan last November
Saving Ryan's Private last November
And FCC officials said yesterday
Three of the five commissioners on the US Federal Communications Commission
The FCC and the C have voted to deny complaints against 159 ABC affiliates
That aired the award-winning film said the official was not to be named because the vote was not completed
The movie which includes profanity and violence told a story about the Allied invasion of Normandy during WW2
And ran on Veterans Day
66 ABC affiliates refused to show the movie for fear of attracting an indecency fine
Fear, that's what it's all about
The fear factor
Now they will fear you
Warnings were air, it's wrapped in broadcast about the content
The ABC network owned by Walt Disney company, ran the movie twice before
And didn't incur any FCC penalties
But that was back in the day before freedom of speech was a thing over the past
And even back then it wasn't so great
The FCC decision would become final once remaining two commissioners cast their votes
Separately the FCC also yesterday rejected 36 complaints
The TV stations violated decency limits by hearing episodes of popular shows like Friends and The Simpsons
As well as the movie Austin Powers, The Spy Who Shagged Me
The Parents Television Council, there they are again
Got it? I got it
The Parents Television Council had complained about the show's sexual references
Like an episode of Friends on NBC where characters discussed a cake in the shape of a penis
Another complaint said it on Fox's The Simpsons show where students carried signs that said, don't cut off my panty-semo
Oh my god, grow up already, get a life
Get a life through Parents Television Council crazy people
Yeah, the group also said in decency rules were violated when the main character in the Austin Powers will be head his dendals
And by furniture and other objects
Well, okay, so next time they'll show it to the moon hide his dendals between me and the other objects
How's that? Right
But the FCC denied the complaints by the Parents Television Council which has been pushing regulators to crack down on broadcast
As lawmakers to raise fines now 32-5 per incident, 32,500
We find that none of the material reference in PTCs complaints rises to the level of being patently offensive under our indecency definition
The FCC said that the order of the agency also said the material was not profane
Gosh darn it
A representative for the organization said the FCC was only going after extreme cases
The FCC is only deeming everything indecent that's way over the tops of Laura Mahaney
A spokesman for the PTC
We know of no community in America words like D-blank blank K or D-blank blank K-A-G-A-D
Will be considered decent or common for language
Unless of course they're talking about the Vice President's first name or about his behavior
Those vulgarities were aired on the program's Dawson's Creek on the Warner Brothers, the WB television network going by time in Warner Inc. and NYPD Blue on ABC
Federal regulations limit TV and radar stations firing into decent material such as A-Yadiyadi
And okay
It's just a small group of self-appointed censors or in some cases one individual in the community
Not to mention a specific names of our mentioned people who have decided that they're going to be a pain in the ass and just constantly keep complaining and filing complaints and objecting
And they're supposed to determine for a hundred million people what we can see, what we can hear, what we find offensive Yadiyadi and a partridge in a pair of tree
And there's a special place in hell where these people will all rot make no mistake about that
So this is kind of a cute thing, it's suggesting for a new poll
People are still alive but look dead
Right
And look at who they suggest, I mean talk about this respectfully
I've been doing this a long time
Larry King
Yeah, maybe he can join Johnny pretty soon even waxing very well, he had a lot of panels, he had a big band, didn't see a big man last night
So I'm in a pretty good mood
He helped
Hello
I'm just about in the Burgess Nees in there
Oh man
I'll play it slow
You're awful when you get into that
I hate that
In between spot?
Yeah, but I didn't do that scene
I'll play it
But I would have been grossed this season
Okay, here's what we got in a poll so far
This is at the halfway point of the show
Because I don't want people calling in with the same ones we got on here
And then they'll say, well you never rid the poll with the list
You're right, that's a good point
You see your damned if you do and you damned if you don't
If you read the poll, the list and the vote too often
Oh, you keep reading the polls boring
And if you don't know, well how we supposed to know is on it when you don't tell us what it is
Right?
So here we go
Who is it was the most type, type cast actor or actor sever?
Bella Laguzzi
56
Charles Bronson
33
Leonard Nimoy
26
Boris Carlov-25
John Wayne-22
Adam West-15
Arming Shorths-Negger-Innen
Wudgy Robinson-14
A piece
Bill Shatter has got 13
Bob Denver-11
Joe Pesci-10
Michael Richards-9
Erica Strata-6
Slice-to-Lone
Adam Sandler
Gary Coleman-Henry Winkler
Bob Vanero-4-Peace
Hugh Grant-Steven Sieger-Mark Hamill
Linda Blair
Vern Troyer
Peter Fox-3-Peace
Adoniel Bruce Lee
Clint Eastwood
David Taffer-Aselov
Fran Dresher
Barbara Eden
George Reeves
Superman
Bert Ward-Max Behr
David Cassidy-Peater-Sellers
Over the Pier
One for Woody Allen-Raman Burr
Elizabeth Montgomery-Don Adams-Dennis-France
Melissa Joan Hart
Fred Gwynne
James Harness
and NUN-YET-NUN-0
for Pat Marida-Raff Machio-Al Lewis-Levon-Nielsen-Jackie Chan
McColley Culkin-Is-Till-Salkin-Jim-Vorney-Jack Klodman
Todd Verduse-JJ-Walker-Junk-Law-Van-Damne-Vindiesel-Rabbit-Widdham
Zalcini-Junior-Mike-Mires-Kerala-Konner-Irene Ryan
Carol-Konner-Irene-Irene
How do you like that?
Huh?
Well, no, what do you make of that?
Boy, don't wait when will I play?
These people must have seen in the Heath of the Light
because it was uncertainly after they all in the family.
Sure.
Okay, well, whatever you like, okay?
If you don't agree, that's fine.
We just think of some of your full craft.
56670560, pound 560, and leave a horizon and sing it a right-ass line.
W-Q-A-M, hello?
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Are you?
I'm your negative Tom Temple.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We're going to talk to people in the room closet,
okay, talking to a Campbell Soup can.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
N-O-A, I got two full ideas for you.
You got a pair?
Full ideas, okay, great.
Maybe we can do tomorrow's full right here now.
Come on, write it down.
Okay, the first one you're listening won't like
because they can't call it if there's silly comments.
Oh, that's it?
That's not cool.
The religion be outlawed yesterday.
Worldwide.
And the second one is,
who, what entertainer, you know, singer actor whoever,
has done more for human rights, you know, like,
Marlon Brando with the Indians,
and, you know, they'll go like that,
so they can call in and say names.
Has done the most for human rights?
Yes, civil rights, human rights,
we're entertainer.
What are you saying?
How long is that list going to be?
I don't know.
I can't go up with a couple guys.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure there's a time.
But...
There are?
Yeah.
Get a story.
Okay, well, we'll put our thinking cap on.
Thanks a lot, Fallon.
Yeah, play it.
See ya, pretty weak.
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, he needs to get a start of besides that Marlon Brando business.
Yeah, I mean, with the Indian.
I mean, just because he went up there in the year,
refused the Oscar when he started to hockin' about the Indians, you know.
Maybe he's talking about the Cleveland in his throw.
Yeah, that Indian chick actually, he didn't go up there, right?
Right, it was his daughter, I guess, who shot herself.
No, later.
It was?
I thought it was his daughter, the engine daughter.
Oh, he has an engine daughter, I didn't know that.
Well, he did, and she started, and she shot it.
I thought he wanted to send Diffo up there.
He didn't kill up.
But when he found out about that, he said, not a good idea.
Diffo was on for Joe Rose this morning, and the verdict around town is,
holy crap, what was that?
Right, and that's always a pretty good idea.
They're gonna put the guy on 7-10 at night.
So the first two days, I guess that's the way to introduce him to more people,
the fact that Joe is the only one to go with an audience over there in 7-90.
So they put him on in the morning for two days, and then he's gonna be on 7-10 at night.
See, I'm a strong believer.
Put the people in their time slot where they belong every day.
First example of the day, we got Curtis Stevenson in Mad Dog's spot,
which isn't even the spot we want him in.
Then we got Mohawar Davida in Mad Dog's desired spot, 4-7,
which we don't want him in any spot from what I'm hearing.
And then we got Gildi in 7-10, which, you know,
but that's gonna be quite, it won't get me a great contest.
It's the Battle of the former worst team people.
It'll be Gildi, at least seven of the time, in that 7-10 slot at night against Diffo.
I absolutely want to puke.
And I don't blame him.
With stiff competition like that.
You're a sensitive Gildi Roger.
It's a losing lady.
On 5-60, you am.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Welcome back to the Al Franken show.
I am, of course, the one and only Al Franken,
where broadcasting live from the site of what used to be
a Toots Chores restaurant on West 52nd Street.
Former watering hole for many famous celebrities,
such as Gerald Moore and Carl Ballon,
John.
Only welcome you to stop by and say hello to one of my intern staff members.
I think, of course, clearly all the time.
You see what that guy did?
Yeah, so go hit him.
I love this town.
So I should tell you about my...
latest weekly book that I had my staff of 20 worshiping
and turns right for me.
I'll carry you.
My glasses fell off.
For a minute there, I was about to say it wasn't fair.
I had to jump.
As you heard, I just got mud.
The jokes on him, though, that was my decoy wallet.
I was like, oh, yes, I urge you to buy my new book.
Oh, gee, ain't I smart?
God, when it's much shorter than the working title that was.
If you've seen me on the plane, you better acknowledge me,
so I can ignore you.
John, yeah, it was a little too long.
Now I...
Here, you got it.
I don't listen to you every day.
I have a lot of cards.
We have a very, very strong break here.
We'll be back with more really great meal.
1217 and 560.
It's a pretty stiff competition there from Alfraca and Skar America.
Over the one point.
Keep in mind, two-thirds of that was before the election.
October, November, or at least during that period of time.
You can only imagine one number of Skar America's going through
when you're starting now.
An American taken hostage last year has shown plenty for his life
in a newly released video tape, but the video offers no clues
as to when Roy Hallum's captors made the video, or whether he's still alive.
In the video, a rifle barrel is just engines from Hallum's head
as he says he worked with a American forces
and was arrested by a resistance group in Iraq.
Hallum's and five of those were taken hostage
and attacking Baghdad's Al-Mansuhr neighborhood in November 1.
A security guard, one of about 20 attackers died in the gun battle.
The kidnappers later released four captors
but kept Hallum's and Filipino accountant, Robert Tarn-Goy.
Tarn-Goy.
All six worked very Saudi-based company,
the U.S. State Department confirmed in December the Hallum's
a 56-year-old father of two was taken.
Hallum's visibly nervous makes no demands in the 62nd video,
but asks for help so I can be released
as quickly as possible from this definite death.
I'm not asking for any help from President Bush
because I know of his selfishness and unconcerned
for those who've been pushed into this hellhole, he says.
I'm asking for help from Arab rulers,
especially President Muammar Qaddafi,
because he is known for helping those who are suffering.
He also said, I'm dying on the hands.
How do you like that?
I don't.
As the things are really going along, just spiffy.
Oh, we're fine.
I'm not sure what they're going to react.
And it's really interesting because they showed
like about the minute of 10 Kennedy speech.
They're continuing to dis9 hours,
this anti-kindle-ease-and-stuff.
Now, keep thinking to myself, you know,
all of this is true, all of this was still true back before the
November election, you know?
But somehow you didn't get to all of this across too well.
Why?
Especially, especially your weapon candidate.
The senator.
Yeah, the senator.
The other senator from Massachusetts.
How do you say that?
Careful.
Leap.
5667.0560, pound 560, and the Verizon singer to wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Go in once.
Hello.
Yes.
I got one for your poll.
Okay, go ahead.
Mr. T.
Mr. T., can't get more time cast than that.
Don't make me mad.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, four Myers checking in.
Okay, let's go to four Myers' second and right now.
I feel so bad for you.
How you doing?
Doing all right.
Listen to you.
You're doing the static.
All right.
I'd like to add the dawn knots to your list.
Excellent choice.
I don't think anybody is more queer since as far as that list would go.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palley.
Good luck to you over there.
You'll need it.
Okay, thanks.
That's four Myers where we used to be on the Beasley station over there.
And then they dropped all of us because they decided they could put on some broker programming,
a couple of preachers, and a couple of stock market peddling, a phony below me's on air.
So we're not on over there anymore.
Have them for a long time for two, three years.
Anyway, I see how happy they are.
And they're very pleased about that because they can't hear us ripping them in ass and ripping joyously
as they choose to serve so badly.
And the Beasley's for being a bunch of nose-picking mugwums who belong up in a tree with a kid with that banjo and deliverance.
Can't hear that because that would get them really upset.
And of course, if we signed those documents that Hank was talking about this morning,
we could be fired at it for that stuff because we don't want to cause any, you know,
and if you could have heard the wording, I wish they had a copy of what they were proposing.
Oh, you wouldn't have believed it.
You wouldn't have believed it.
You wouldn't have believed it.
I never seen it. I mean, normal reddit.
I know.
Maybe he saved it.
Oh, brother.
About how we had to contribute to a behavior had to be conducive to a harmonious workplace and where.
Oh, my God.
Most of those people over there never were inside our building.
Yeah.
Okay.
Harmonious workplace, my ass.
I can't even sing.
God.
And how the hell do I do that?
Well, not even there most of the time.
Thank God.
Thank goodness.
Thank God.
Oh, brother, I wouldn't survive it.
In fact, if I had to be there, I never would survive it.
Does your only thing that's keeping me alive is not being there with certain, crazy people.
Somebody cue an?
Hey, how you doing?
I feel good.
Yeah.
Listen, I got a great one for the poll.
Yes.
Roddy McDowell from Planet of the A.
Uh, no.
No?
No.
No. He was an Azizian other movie.
Right.
He was an actor.
Draylor.
Vampire movie.
I was known to him though.
Now I mean, what is he?
Sorry.
Batman.
Batman.
Not even close.
Oh, Roddy McDowell was also.
Yeah.
Oh, right.
Are there any straight people in Hollywood anymore or what?
No.
He is.
There's only the, there's only the, yeah.
And the suspected.
Other than that, forget about it.
Well, there was always Marlon Brando.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5670560, pound 5660 on the Verizon Singular Rattles Line.
How many QA and Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, and I called about the poll.
I had a question on, on Carmella.
Yeah.
Don't come here before I get to that.
But I said, um, you know the Lenny show Lenny and D show.
What's that show called?
The one that you kind of make fun of the way you talk.
Lenny Martez?
Yeah, Lenny Martez.
Right.
Um, um, QA was basically always on the line.
Yeah, I went there call all talking Miami.
Call buzzer at 305-871-305-3.
Thank God, yeah.
I think he sounds just like George Jefferson.
That's exactly what he sounds like to me anyway.
A little bit.
Yeah.
I thought it was all really interesting when, uh, was it the beast I guess, whoever it is,
he's like me and Lenny and Lenny goes, that's Lenny and I.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I found him interesting.
He's a real linguist at the time.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
But that's scholar.
This, this Carmella, she is absolutely gorgeous.
But Neil, I've never heard you react over a woman like, like this particular woman.
What, what isn't about her that, like compared to Carmen Electra?
Oh, no, I mean, you know, you're wrong about that to car my electric photos.
Did I rave about those when we had them on?
Yeah, yeah, you did.
But I mean, she's, she's, uh, to me, she's about as close to perfection as you can get.
Yeah, I agree.
And I think, you know, I like Carmen Electra too.
But I think of, you know, Dennis Rodden, girl in the pilot hole.
And that's just Neil, I would say that.
No, no.
Oh, okay.
Bye.
Yeah, he brought the little bit more than I dumped it anyway.
I think you were closet header of.
Yeah, right.
Oh, great.
I got the queer eye for the hot chicks.
What can I tell you?
Well, I mean, look, people who don't have any hangups about their own sexuality,
they can be objective.
Okay.
So this business like, like 95% of guys, the straight guys,
well, I don't know a good one.
God, I couldn't tell you.
You're full of crap.
And that's what I say.
If I put, if I put two plates on your dinner table and I put a beautiful rib-eye steak on one,
and I put about a pound of dog crap on the other one, oh, well, I can't tell which one looks better.
It's just a matter of being able to see.
It's just a matter of having, huh?
Esthetics.
Yeah, it's a matter of your senses work.
Okay.
Now, that doesn't mean everybody's going to have the same taste.
But there are some people who are beyond, uh, there's no question.
Like Tom Brady, when he shows all the lights, what's off, what's he doing at football?
So I was like, which is okay.
Uh, when he shows off all the stuff, I learned it.
Because anybody debate that he's a good looking guy.
Josh?
Huh?
See what I mean?
Right there.
That's exactly my point.
I've never seen him.
Get out of here.
He's right there.
He's right in the wall behind you.
There was a picture of Tom Brady with all this flashing 84 teeth.
He's got as many teeth as a piano.
He's got keys.
Is the world with a shirt open over here?
No.
It's a newspaper thing.
The mad dog gave that to me a long time ago.
That's the one in the wall.
He's wearing a helmet.
No.
Behind you.
He's got like a suit on.
He's got on the wall back there.
Well, he's not on the wall back there.
Well, he's, well, better be on the wall back there.
Or I'm going to be down there like that by seven o'clock.
Oh, there it is.
That black white picture.
Right.
That's him.
Yep.
Handsome and his other way.
Is there any doubt that he's a great looking guy?
And Josh Cortes can't tell because he doesn't know that he answered that question.
Because he's obviously, uh, you know, sexually confused.
How could he not answer this question?
Okay, you can't answer your paranoia.
I'm confused.
No, answer the question.
What do you want me to say?
Is that a hint?
Is he a good looking guy?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Please.
I mean, what?
You see what I mean?
You made my point.
It's just unbelievable.
Like, let's have a conference on this and see what the reaction from the followers is going to be.
All depending on what you say.
He's a very handsome young man.
Who can't see that?
See, even a mad dog knows that.
Hey, that's me.
He's a guy.
Yeah, that's right.
Even the guy, even yelling knows that.
With his hot wife.
Right.
He has a stud.
There you go.
Gotta argue.
If we gotta argue about Tom Brady, how about somebody who's marginal?
Who like, uh, you know, is like, on a borderline.
Right?
How about Johnny Depp?
Is he a good looking guy?
Yes.
Josh?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, let me air.
Are there any good looking guys?
I don't know, man.
I'm not really, uh, no.
Get out of here.
You don't know.
See, I couldn't ask for better.
And this made exactly the point that I was making.
Okay, we believe you.
You don't know.
Okay?
Well, I'll draw you.
I'll send you some pictures, okay?
Oh my god.
Why would I look at it?
What a maniac.
See, today we find out two things about Josh Court.
It's number one.
He's a compulsive gambler.
He actually, he stood away on a cruise ship so we can get on and plunge his guts out of the year.
Because, you know, we found that out from Hank.
And number two, he's like, uh, maybe a closet case or something.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I mean, how is it possible that anybody could be in such, not just denial, but like,
stubborn hysterical denial, like, like if you admitted that you could recognize,
I mean, can you recognize an ugly guy, you know?
Well, what do you mean?
Like, I'm supposed to walk down to the ship.
You like, that's a really good looking guy.
No, but you can't, you can't, you're not supposed to be thinking that,
but you can't tell like this guy's talking about my reaction to the pictures of Carmella, the Caesar, okay?
And there's no doubt that she's an absolute hot number.
She's beautiful.
She's pristine and she's gorgeous.
Well, or he asked me about Tom Brady.
The guy's got millions.
He's won some supermarkets.
I'm not talking about money.
As there can he play football?
I'm asking you, what does he look like?
What does he look like?
Okay?
Does he look like Mortimer Snurd?
Does he look like Robert Greeper?
Does he look like Maddie Bell?
Okay, let me ask you this.
Okay, here you go.
I'll give you an easy one.
Who's better looking?
Miguel, back in promotions, or Maddie Bell?
Okay, think about it during the break.
Okay, I'm not asking you who you want to have on your bones.
I'm just saying, who is better looking than I think about you all the time?
Jesus, this is the best, this is the best damn I like.
I rest my case.
All I use sexually insecure henaroes out there.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
Most of the, yeah.
Right.
First of all, I fall on the floor and crap in your pants because he's a good looking guy.
It's threatening, isn't it?
It's threatening.
28 past.
We'll get the answer from Josh on the other side of the break.
Maybe he's still thinking about it.
No, these things.
That's free.
Oh, sorry.
Armstrong, Ford Vice President in general, Mangler, David Ritz called us a couple weeks ago.
He told us that he's overstocked with Mustangs.
He said that Armstrong Ford will, but when it out, blow out these new 2005, 6-o-linder Mustangs
for his little is 17-9.
That's the savings of over 3,500 bucks.
Plus, they got a couple of 2004 models left and get this.
They'll let them go for just 12,499 original MSRP on these was 18-660, figured out.
Means you say, over 5,600 bucks on these fantastic Mustangs.
Great deals plus Armstrong, Ford will include, as they always do, tires and batteries for life
with each vehicle purchased.
Can't be there with a stick.
Great prices added value in friendly service.
That's the Armstrong difference.
When you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the dealer that treats you just like family.
Armstrong, Ford, or Homestead, you'll find him at Southwest 307 Street, US1.
Exit a Campbell driver out of the turnpike.
Prices include all factory rebates and discounts with a 4-centre-plus tax tag and fees.
You want to see that mean?
No, no, no, no.
It's inclusively on 5.50.
This is an extreme makeover.
It looks like carry grants.
We arrive.
Makesover.
This is phenomenal.
Steven Hawkins.
Hello, I am Steven.
It's We arrive for the Genius Guy.
This look is frightening.
Help me look for something.
He is officially in nervous ranks.
Got a lot of things in a right and a lot of things in a wrong way.
And all the wrong things block the right thing.
Let's do it.
Oh my God.
He has a little more handsome, you look already.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
All right, let's have a little coming out party.
Come on out and show us what he got.
Give us a little thing for us.
We're just, uh, look at you.
All right, fantastic.
I feel stupid.
He looks like a moving star.
I don't like this big dress.
We arrive for the Genius Guy.
He looks amazing.
Let's get high five.
You broke my heart.
You pulled out my brain.
Steven's freaking out.
Trump for the two, 28 to one on, uh, head for a full of a radio.
So what's the answer?
You've come up with a conclusion.
At least better looking guy.
Right over there in the, uh, Stutt McGill and 90 dollar right next to each other.
Yeah, and he's still there.
And he's still thinking about it.
He's still a stamina.
Yeah, that's the first examin' at closely, by the way.
I'm talking about like from the neck up.
Is what I had in mind.
Sorry.
Yeah, me too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the, four, five, isn't.
And singular wireless lines.
Nobody Q.A.M.
Hello.
That's your pick.
Zazoo Pits.
Yeah, okay.
How about the Elijah Pits?
How about Hermione Gingold and Hans Connryd?
Must be Boka Brian's boyfriend.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the Verizon, singular wireless line.
Who is the most type cast actor, actress ever?
I'm not gonna do either one of those.
I'm prox, let's see.
See what I'm trying to do now is stay a day ahead on these polls.
Right.
See that one about who would be a famous now if they would have managed to stay alive.
That's like what we did the other day.
Right.
About how people had became more famous after they did it.
Right.
Spin off on the same crap.
Although look at this.
Oh yeah, that's right.
We just, we did that one.
Historical events, can you believe?
Somewhere I had a whole list of polls.
You have no idea.
This is the most challenging thing.
There's the alliance of the high kings with Jerry Lido.
I wrote that down on it because I couldn't keep thinking of the name of that movie.
Where he was running around naked.
By the way, Jerry Lido is a pretty good looking guy, Josh.
Just in case you're making a compiling a list.
You know, obviously can't figure it out for yourself.
Jerry Lido.
You know who that is?
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's see.
Oh, here they are.
Yeah, I got some good ones.
Here we go.
Thanks Scott.
Thanks Scott and Holly would thank God for him.
Let's see.
Four years times five is 20.
We have about like 4,000 more polls to do.
Somebody QA in, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ask Josh.
Who he's at least like to have his girlfriend or wife or whatever he has around.
Like which guy would he would he'd rather have her like around Brad Pitt or a forced car loft, you know.
Right.
Yeah.
That's right.
He needs some pointers like this because obviously he's having a very difficult time coming to grips with this.
Exactly.
I got one for the list too.
Yes, sir.
Listen to me now.
I believe he was put on a lot of this.
I think on list.
Is on list, isn't he Josh?
Yeah, it is.
On list.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, I don't think that no matter how we phrase it or.
No, I got it.
If you're in a horrible accident, you know, the reconstruction surgeon was going to show you a gallery of faces to turn yours into.
Who would you choose?
You're asking me?
Well, that, yes.
Okay, that's saying, you know, put it right back together the way it was.
There's a happy young man.
Oh.
Okay.
Dominic QA M Hello.
Dominic QA M Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about P We Heim?
Yeah, he's time cast.
Yeah, thank you.
See, we heard him and got it.
We got it.
Should we put his real name on there?
That's his character.
No.
Dominic QA M Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple for the poll.
Okay.
First book, Molly Ringwell.
Is time cast?
Yeah, she's the soul is the same person in every movie.
Okay.
And along the lines of Adam Sandler, you got Ben Stiller with the play's the same retard too.
Oh, yeah.
Can't Ben Stiller, he believes me, limp.
I can't handle him.
It's the same guy every time.
Yeah.
Right.
Time Ben Stiller.
Thanks a lot, Collin.
I planted Jewish kids like Jerry Stiller's son.
That's what he placed.
Did a good job of that.
I don't like him.
No.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Riders line.
I know we did that before, but that's a good poll too.
Let me just mark it down.
What did you do?
No, no, about what actor actor, how do we phrase it?
In other words, if you know that somebody is in a movie, who would prevent you from going
to see it?
Oh, yeah.
We haven't done that before.
Right.
How do we say that?
Keep you from a movie.
Keep you from shooting a movie.
What actor or actress?
Yeah, okay.
I'm just making a little note because if I don't write these down, you know me with my advanced
age.
Although I do remember Floyd Vennibul, Jr.
WDQ, I am Hello.
Who's Florida Ivan?
Mike.
And Franklin Sir is also in Felix Forbes.
WDQ, I am Hello.
Neil.
And Jim McGuardi.
Yes, sir?
Hey, Sally, what's up?
And Charles Goins and Ray Jim Taylor.
Yes, sir.
I went for your poll today.
I have.
Burns, Royer, Mini, Neat.
Already on there, Pally, but a good one.
Thank you.
And don't forget Ray Stein.
WDQ, I am Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a name for your poll.
Okay.
John Holmes.
He always calls John Holmes.
Yeah.
He was obsessed with John Holmes.
Now, John Holmes is five foot of poll yesterday for our poll, so to speak, but not for today.
We're talking actors and actresses.
Not porn.
I mean, if somebody's in a porn star, obviously they're typecast, okay?
They'll be like saying, Ron Jeremy.
And I can say about that in the middle of lunch hours.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Ron, believe me.
You were just as hairy and fat and disgusting in person as you were on film.
You are disgusting.
Jesus.
And he actually took an insult.
He took Umbridge without that day.
Remember?
He was insulted.
That would be like somebody calling Jeff High fat and he'd be like walking off in the corner and pounding.
Oh, what do you mean, Pally?
Yeah.
WDQ, WAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I've got the unbeatable winner for the poll.
Okay.
The king, Elvis Presley.
The most typecast.
Oh, yeah.
Those movies, man.
We were talking about yesterday.
Good one.
Thank you.
See ya.
The king.
Got it?
Elvis.
Elvis Presley, who's not this audience is not like Elvis.
Good.
They like Johnny Carson.
Hey.
Here.
Johnny.
I just can't get over the fact that I was doing that on Friday.
It's just not a good idea.
I just had that power.
I can't like it.
Fancy it with the first starter.
Was that the movie?
With a little girl at the...
Who's the girl at the...
You very much?
Do very much.
Yeah, she was a little girl back then.
Still the movie.
It was the first starter.
And of course, if you pissed her off, well, I look out.
Same thing in the Omen.
Yeah.
And the Omen part two.
Right?
What about it?
Oh, it's the same thing.
You don't want to piss that little kid off.
Okay, but it would make evil things happen.
It would make up music start, then you're in trouble.
Oh, yeah.
Look at that.
Oh, well, that's the one I'm using.
I put it over there.
I put it over there.
I put it over there.
I put it over there.
I put it over there.
That thing with Josh, man, that way, that was so perfect.
You couldn't have stayed better.
But I know it was for real.
See, and answering your question with a business about his own face, that's a perfect way to
evade the question, see, to evade the obvious.
He's got an incredible, unbelievable, complex about such things.
It's almost scary.
I mean, why is it I have no problem telling you that Carmelo the Cesar is beautiful and flawless?
I mean, I want to hop on her bones.
I have no interest.
It's that's stigmatizing to be a heterosexual in case you don't know.
Oh, I see.
That all depends.
Now, if you were here, you might think differently.
20 till what?
Yeah.
20 till 1 at 5, 60 WDQM.
I'm hate if you're in less than 50 grand last year than poor Josh Cord is no wonder he's
in mind to sew my stuff.
He don't have like three nickels to rub together.
Probably lost it all to Casino anyway.
If the answer is yes, if he made just Pitten's last year, then it's time for a career change.
He made pennies, also some like Pitten's.
Pick up the protocol, fast train, toll free at 1, 866, fast train.
And these folks can really give you the training you need to get you a new high-paying career.
And again, they all said to go into this as little as four months.
Fast train offers high demand high-pay career training.
If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train today, toll free at 1, 866, fast train.
The demand for computer professionals is an all-time high.
And fast train like I said can't be trained and ready to do it in no time at all.
They got locations in Kendall, Miami, Pembert Pies and Fort Lauderdale, fast train offers job placement financial aid for those who qualify as well.
They evening weekend classes are forming right now, so pick up that phone, get out of your dead end job, and start working in a career that will provide you with a real paycheck and a real life, called fast train toll free 1, 866, fast train.
It's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life, it's a real life
It's 1244-60 to 5860 W indications outline, it's 1244-60
property demanded four and then we got guilty at seven tonight.
I'll run the end camp and show.
Guilty at seven.
It'll be like gone and go and do heaven.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
Mark Hammond.
Mark Hammond.
Hammond.
Hammond.
He always plays a homo movie.
Yeah.
Mark Hammond.
Is he like him to my hammond cars?
Yes.
Okay.
Get a life smoke.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a good one for you.
Okay.
Stuart Margolan.
Angel from my profile.
Stuart Margolis.
Margolan.
Yeah.
Margolis?
Angel.
Okay.
I'm out of her file.
You know who that is?
Stuart Margolis.
Margolan.
I have no idea.
But I hear he's a pretty good looking guy.
So better put him on there.
See what we got.
It says another good choice is Rodney Dangerfield.
Really funny guy, but I always played his stand up character in every movie.
He was in Rodney Dangerfield.
We don't get no respect.
Time like us here at QA.
And those of us on the year.
We don't get any respect except on payday.
Fill out your brochure yet.
Your questionnaire.
I haven't got it.
Oh.
Why don't you probably find one on the hall somewhere?
Maybe somebody who passed one along.
Erie Burman in the Nation writes, after it's highly touted unveiling, President Bush's
faith based initiative has proceeded largely under the radar.
But lack of attention hasn't shielded the program's constant fusion of questionable
or its brutal effectiveness.
In 2003, according to the White House data reported by the LA Times, Bush drilled out
a billion dollars to hundreds of faith based groups through a little note of executive
order.
More importantly, the Bush administration used the grants to sway influential African
Americans in key battlegrounds states and reward longtime political supporters of taxpayer
expense.
For example, after the Reverend Herb Lust II delivered the invocation of the 2000 Republican
Convention, his fellow off-year church received a million dollars in federal funds.
They should hear old Ray who offered the invocation of the rally for Dick Taney and Palm Beach
got 1.7 million for a South Florida ministry.
In 2002, Bush personally visited Milwaukee's Bishop's Sedgwick Daniels, who loaded for Clinton
and Gore, and later awarded him a one and a half million dollar grant.
This fall, Daniels faced a period on Republican Party fliers in Wisconsin, endorsing Bush's
a man who shares our views.
The faith based initiative likely played a crucial role in increasing Bush's take of the
Black vote, especially in targeted swing states.
Funnily enough, the campaign held grant-writing workshops in St. Louis in September when Missouri
was still in play in Miami, October.
Moreover, it's unclear exactly how much money money is going where.
The recent White House data concludes a caveat that it represents all grants.
Even the Reverend Sun Young Moon's Cult of Shunification Church has received funding,
and House Republicans allegedly blocked Democrat chat edwards from investigating the money flow.
When the initiative's first director, John Deulio, resigned after six months on the job,
he called the White House policy makers, Mayberry Mackey-Avellies, who consistently talked
and acted as if the high-to-political sophistication considered in reducing every issue with simplest
black and white terms for public consumption, then steering legislative initiatives or policy
proposal as far white as possible.
Bush plans to highlight the initiative and how he did, and instead of even addressed,
and reintroduced the expanded legislation before the new Republican Congress, the number
one Mayberry Mackey-Avellies keeps confusing wholly work with partisan games.
They're ready to do it.
Been there, done that.
But we don't care about that because we absolutely know where they're coming from.
They're coming from the Lord, man.
They are divinely inspired these folks.
God told them to do it, right?
Go out there and spread freedom, a shonda mark, shonda mark.
All over the world.
That's correct.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom, I don't think anybody's going to catch Bella.
How's John Wayne doing?
Does he move it up at all or what?
Bella's got 65.
Charles Bronson 34.
And the Duke has moved into the third place.
Oh!
Third place, time with Boris Karloff.
Ever seen him together?
Same guy.
Big tall guy.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil O'Connor.
You, uh...
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I got one for you.
It's time for me to hear when you get to do a reporter.
Never good day, mate.
Paul Hogan.
Paul Hogan.
Paul Hogan.
He was a father?
What did that man just say?
I don't know.
He said Paul Hogan.
Yeah, I heard that.
Good day, mate.
Okay, good day, mate.
He said he was a father.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how about David Karigan?
David Karigan.
Okay.
You want to put him on air or what?
Who?
I don't know.
No.
No, we don't want to put him on air.
We're talking about people that somebody knows who they are, okay?
How about John Karigan?
Here we've played one of those, you know, he was either a vampire or one of those.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, pal.
Uh...
How about Christopher Lloyd?
And...
She, uh...
That's the star star.
And your boyfriend, by the way, to, uh...
Put it back, it's gonna start getting sore.
Put it backward to be hidden.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Hey, I don't want to add anybody to the poll, but I just want to answer your question.
There's a large, uh... a lot of just governor, and anything else to do with any government matters,
because I'm working on some beach with a tube in it, bro.
No, no, he's been...
He's been, uh...
Working away on this for years now, man.
This is his main thing, and he's got to save life.
He'd be better off to save his damn drug addicted sister.
I mean, if he spent this much time on...
...to give him educational assistance.
God, for his daughter, his sister.
God, for his daughter.
I mean, uh...
You know, what about our educational sister, governor?
What about our healthcare system?
Okay, this lady's gonna die for crying out at once.
Oh, really?
Go vote for him again, okay?
Everybody's too late now.
Nobody could in their right mind.
It's the same thing when it runs into family.
It's all all together.
The dysfunctional bush family.
Bring in family values back to America, baby.
Yeah.
Drugs, booze, pills, dishonesty.
dishonesty, bank scandals, you name it.
Right, thievery.
Thievery, American values.
The values of the far right.
Hyp-hypocracy, the ultimate.
There's no bigger hypocrites than the religion than the God Squad.
The Lord says this.
Lord say, yeah, you're awful, or crabman.
You're also rattling around so many skeletons in a closet.
It sounds like there's a war going on in there.
Right, look at the bright side, though.
They haven't gotten anybody killed.
Oh, thank God for that.
Said maybe a few abortion doctors.
And maybe 1,500 to the soldiers.
Oh, 100,000 to the ronkeys.
And then of course, it's gonna be a ran and syria.
And who knows where?
In North Korea, right?
Right.
Not Saudi Arabia, though, because that's our buddy.
That's our boy.
W.A.M. Hello.
Dave Thomas.
Dave Thomas was typecast.
Is he an actor?
Dave Thomas was an actor.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I got another one for your poll.
Ah, bet.
Leslie Nielsen.
He's already on there, sir.
See, they run out.
I got a whole bunch of stuff here.
They're probably out doing the last hour,
as opposed to counting on these folks.
They run out.
I mean, we got plenty.
You didn't really well, OK?
But just repeating the same people over here.
In fact, let's start that.
Let's start it all over again.
That'll be like the last hour.
It's really easy, right?
How about that little gozi?
Sounds like a good idea.
We're out going to the castle.
What about Bella?
I never think.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good. Good.
I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
Ah, Cory Ham.
Cory Ham.
Yeah, he's in those stupid places.
I know who Cory Ham is.
OK, and I just wanted to tell you one thing.
I did a Google search and I typed in big old duty head
and Gregory came up.
Excellent job, man.
Keep it up.
Thank you.
Excellent.
Cory Ham.
I know exactly who that is.
He was in one movie where he's like banging some chicken in a sack.
That movie was that.
Chicken, guys.
You know the movie I'm talking about?
Some guy's wife.
That's right.
You wouldn't watch a movie with Cory Ham.
No, I've seen a few, unfortunately.
But that's not Cory Feldman.
Not Cory Feldman.
They're all of them together.
They're discussing your results here.
There's a good question for Josh.
Who's better looking?
Cory Ham or Cory Feldman?
Now, just write those down.
We don't want an answer on here because we'll be incriminating.
Everybody's saying,
that's a fact.
It's something like that.
Some like doesn't know the difference between the Cory's.
You don't know who they are?
I know who Cory Feldman is.
I don't know who Cory Ham is.
Yeah.
Well, you know something.
If you know who Cory Feldman is, then if it was anybody else,
it would probably be them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I'd wrap something this is in the bowl this morning.
Look, better in Cory Feldman.
No, it's some lint that I picked up all the time.
You're thinking of, you're thinking of, uh,
excretory stuff again.
Always.
Enjoy it.
Can you straight out on that?
No, we never have it.
If you stop thinking about those, you never want.
Check it.
Oh, I placed it somewhere.
30 QAM, hello.
I've got something that's been in the bowl this morning.
QAM.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
How about the rock?
The rock is an actor.
The rock.
Okay, great.
30 QAM, hello.
Yes.
QAM.
Well, I mean, it's here.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
How about, um, um, um, um, Norman from Psycho?
Who is it?
Norman from Psycho.
It's me.
Tony Perkins.
Okay.
He always played, like he played, uh, Jim Pierce,
all the baseball player who was like, wouldn't want crazy.
You always played somebody like this functional and weird and, uh, yeah.
And you want to know why?
Because he was kind of like this functional and weird and, yeah.
See, there you go again.
Tony Perkins.
Oh, no.
Him and Tab Hunter.
I got a nice back from Michelle here that I'm not going to forward because all of her suggestions
are already on there.
Oh, okay.
Thanks Michelle, but they're already all on there.
Okay.
So, what we got, like, just covered names on there already.
She wanted Bob Denver.
I'm sorry.
I was thinking of John Keradine, who's who I was thinking of.
I was like, a fan buyer or some, uh, he would be a good one about to be old man.
Yeah.
The worst arthritis you ever saw in your life.
Did he really?
His hands were, his fingers were like that.
How do you know that?
Because if you see his hands, they're bent like sideways.
Hmm.
Maybe 71 times told him to get bent.
Apparently a lot of people.
I've heard it.
56705, 60, pound-fung, tied Maddie Bell and was directing that in your direction the other day.
You didn't hear it.
I'm telling you, man.
That guy, if you, if you went out on a highway, you were crossing the road.
You got hit by a Mack truck.
He would have a party to like so much even the Romans would be embarrassed by.
They'd be jealous.
This spies you.
So next time you see him in a hall, just step on him.
You could do it.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yes, Neil, I'm just close.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yes, uh, how about the Borsk Carloff?
Borsk Carloff sounds like a great choice.
Whoa!
That was a good day to have your experience here.
I said, let's start with the same names all over again.
That's a good idea.
Right.
I think we got them all on it.
I think this exercise today proves what I've always known.
Although, you know, after that highlight we judged it earlier.
You know, what more do we need, right?
No, we could just go home, though.
Yeah, I think I think at this point we could just like have an hour dead air in honor of that.
That was just so magnificent, so perfecto.
1256 at 560 WQA.
I'm glad to see we got a couple more spots out of the log today.
Boy is the QM sales department.
Well, that's right.
Now, some of the things that I've said today, they did not contribute to a harmonious
environment at the radio station.
So I've probably ordered them fired to do it if I would have been stupid enough to sign that crap.
Nobody's going to sign it, Joyce.
Okay, give it up, give it a rest.
Nobody's going to sign it.
Even Robert Grieper wouldn't sign it.
How do you like that, honey?
And Josh Cortesang going to sign it.
Now, how's his contract doing?
Contract?
Yeah.
Do a lot.
That's what we're going to take out on Joyce.
Well, pitching it and taking out a contract on Joyce.
That's what I thought.
Mm-hmm.
I love it.
1257 at QAM had a main man, Anthony Calleander, who accepted the scavenger mortgage, says,
it's time for New Year's resolutions.
Like most Americans, these might be some of the ones that you've made, paying off your credit cards,
lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash investing in real estate.
Maybe these are the top of your list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets anywhere in the USA, so I keep so much equity in your house,
or pay those high interest rates.
The main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community this year,
and so they partnered this year with kids in distress, with the track work at a 25 years of helping over
5,000 abuse and directed children each year.
Acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause.
And if you're in the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations.
So call the main man, Anthony Calleander, it's a toll free call, one, trivelate, 4-8-3-lone.
Or you can go to their website, themainman.com, and fill out your application online.
Call them today, Anthony Calleander, at one, trivelate, 4-8-3-L-O-A-N.
You are listening to New York Rogers.
What happens to the corner?
I'm 5658.
Thank you, A.M.
Yes, the one to two-hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Mr. Gonzalez.
What do you mean, Mr. Gonzalez?
Oh, yeah.
And much as I find your torture memo disturbing, especially the part about applying charcoal fluid
to genitals and lighting them on fire, we're only here today to ask you questions about your judgments.
Because I know I speak on behalf of Democrats everywhere when I say I like you, you're the real deal.
I really, really like you.
I turn the other cheek while they cause I like you.
You like me?
You can poke out both my eyes while I pick up a sign like you can move.
This will torture please.
You can with me a cage, strap a red ball in my mouth.
I'm a Democrat, you see.
It's fine, this will be and we believe you're a G that's fine with me.
So what's your favorite show?
Fear factor.
Thank you, Betty.
You're welcome.
101 or 5, 60.
You were serious when you said the rock is a real actor.
No, no, no, no.
I did not say he's a real actor.
Oh, I said he's an actor as in he's hired.
Yeah, acting movies.
Right, he makes movies.
And what is he playing himself?
No, he plays characters.
He did that Egyptian one where he was the scorpion.
He played Buford T. Pusser.
Okay, put him on the rock.
Okay, okay.
I don't consider him like that.
Well, I mean, at least Arnold and Slubla does in movies that somebody's actually seen.
But anyway, it's okay, the rock.
Marilyn Monroe somebody says Dunblon, very good choice.
That's exactly what we're talking about.
Right.
James Gandalfini.
Absolutely.
So, it's always plays the heavy in the Mexican he was the hitman.
And true romance he was the hitman.
And get sure he was a bodyguard.
And the soprano is a mobster.
James Gandalfini.
He ain't no weenie.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Let me get to some of these things.
Okay, because these people obviously are like fizzling out.
It's okay.
We got 6,000 names on it.
It should be good enough for you to prove us through.
The 10 worst corporations of 2004 marked these down.
Okay, avoid them like the plague.
Okay.
When the multinational monitor judges Gandalfi picked the 10 worst corporations of the year.
One of their instructions is name no companies that appeared on the previous year's list,
borrowing extraordinary circumstances.
For 2004, that means no bear.
Even though in 2004 the company pushed for imported genetically modified rice into the EU,
polluted water in a South African town with a carcinogen,
text of alimped chromium, and was hit with evidence that its pain medication,
a leave, increases the risk of heart attack among other egregious acts.
No Boeing, despite new evidence that the tanker plane scandal,
costing West taxpayers tens of billions of dollars, even worse than it appeared,
and no clear channel, even though the radio behemoth in 2004,
stooped to new lows with a breast Christmas ever contest
that promised to pay for breast implants for doesn't contest winners,
and no halibut and embrolled in a whole new set of contracting fraud and bribery charges last year.
But at least an O repeat rule helps them at the field a bit.
And there remained a ton of worthy candidates of the remaining pool of price scouters,
polluters, union vusters, dictator codlers, fraudsters, prisoners,
deceivers and general miscreants, we choose the following.
Pretty and alphabetical order is the 10 worst corporations of 2004.
Abbott Laboratories.
Abbott makes the list for raising the price of Norvier,
an important AIDS drug developed for the major infusion of US government funds by 400%.
The price increase didn't apply if Norvier is purchasing in general with another Abbott drug,
giving Abbott an unfair advantage over competitors,
and tilting consumers to use the Abbott products on the basis of price.
AIG.
The world's largest insurer, American International Group Inc. AIG,
was charged in October with aiding and abiding PNC financial services
and a fraudulent transaction to transfer $750 million in mostly trouble loans
and venture capital investments from subsidiary's office books.
AIG agreed to pay $126 million to resolve the charges,
but it got off light entering into a deferred prosecution agreement,
meaning the charges against the company will be dropped in 12 months
if it abides by the terms of the agreement.
Coca-Cola.
Workers at the Koch-Boddling Plan in Columbia have been terrorized for years
by right-wing parliamentary forces, a fact-finding mission headed by a New York City council member
found among other abuses.
There have been a total of 179 major human rights violations of Coca-Cola's workers,
including nine murders.
Family members of union activists have been abducted and tortured.
Koch says it opposes the anti-union violence,
and in any case that it hasn't had control of the bottling plant,
though it does now after purchasing the Columbia-Boddling Company.
Koch's former general counsel in the former Assistant U.S. Attorney General
deviled Patrick Resign in 2004,
reportedly in part because Koch refused to support an independent investigation
in the Columbia-Boddling Invest-A-A-A-A-Legations.
Dow Chemical.
The world's largest plastic maker, Dow purchased union carbide in 1999,
had midnight on December 2nd, 1984, 27 tons of lethal gases leaked
from union carbide's pesticide factory in Bowball, India,
immediately killing an estimated 8,000 people,
and poisoning thousands of others.
Today in Bowball, at least 150,000 people, including children born
to parents who survived the disaster, are suffering from exposure-related
health effects such as cancer, neurological damage,
chaotic menstrual cycles, and mental illness.
Dow refuses to take any responsibility.
In the statement the company says, although down never-owned,
nor operated the plant, we, along with the rest of the industry,
have learned from this tragic event, and we've tried to do all we can
to assure that similar incidents never happen again.
Blacksow Smith Klein.
Following revelations and regulatory action in the UK in 2003 and
2004, the story of the severe side effects of Blacksow's
paxil, as well as other drugs in the same family, notably that they were
addicted and lead to increased suicidality and youth, finally broke
the UN in the US in 2004.
In view of New York Attorney General Elliot Spitzer filed suit
against Blacksow, charging the giant drug maker with suppressing evidence
of Paxil's harm to children and misleading physicians.
Blacksow denied the charges, but appealed to the new system whereby it would
make public results of all its clinical trials.
In October, the US Food and Drug Administration ordered Blacksow
and makers of drugs in Paxil's past to include a Black box warning,
the agency's strongest with their pills.
You know, like that skull and crossbones thing?
Right, what about it?
So, think of that.
HARDY'S.
The fast food maker is bragging about how unhealthy it's latest
culinary invention, the monster of Thickburger.
First, there were burgers, then there were Thickburgers.
Now, HARDY's is introducing the mother of all burgers, the monster of Thickburger.
Wailing in a 2-thirds of a pound, this 100% Angus Beefburger was the
monument to decadence.
The monster of Thickburger is a 1,420 calorie sandwich, eating one Thickburger
as eating two big Macs or five McDonald's hamburgers,
and 600 calories worth of HARDY's fries, and you get more than 2,000 calories
that many people should eat in the whole day, according to Michael Jacobson,
a center for science and the public interest, who calls the Thickburger food porn.
Oh, in that case, we like it.
Oh, oh.
Merck, Dr. David Graham, an FDA drug safety official, calls it maybe the single
greatest drug safety catastrophe in the history of this country.
Testify before a Senate committee in November, Dr. David Graham put the
number in the U.S. with suffered HARDY's tax risk, Dr. Drogh's result of
taking the arthritis drug viox in the range of 88,000 to 139,000.
As many as 40% of these people were about 35 to 55,000 died as a result.
The unacceptable cardiovascular risk of viox were evident as early as 2000.
A full four years before the drug was finally withdrawn from the market by its
manufacturer, Merck, according to a study released by the Lancet, the British
Medical Journal, Merck says it just goes all relevant evidence on viox,
safety as soon as it acquired it, and pulled the drug as soon as it saw
conclusive evidence of the drug's dangers, right?
McWayne.
McWayne, Inc. is that how to do with Wayne Heisenge?
I wonder.
McWayne is a large, privately held Alabama-based sewer and water pipe
manufacturer in a devastating series, The New York Times revealed the company's
egregious safety record, and the other failure of regulatory agencies to control
the company's workplace violence.
Nine McWayne employees have lost their lives and workplace accidents since 95,
and three of the deaths were the result of deliberate company violations of safety standards.
More than 46 hundred injuries were recorded among the company's 5,000 employees,
according to the Times McWayne pulled the wool over the eyes of investigators by
stalling them at the factory gates and then hiding defective equipment.
Accident sites were altered before investigators could inspect them in violation of
federal rules.
When government enforcement officials did find serious violations of time as
reported, the punishment needed not by the federal government was so minimal
that McWayne completed simply as a cost of doing business.
Riggs Bank, an explosive report from the U.S. Senate permanent
subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee of Governmental Affairs,
and Judgment July revealed that the Washington DC-based Riggs Bank illegally
operated bank accounts for former Chilean dictator Augusto Pineshred and
routinely ignored evidence of corrupt practices and managing more than 60
accounts for the government of Equatorial Guinea.
Can we say Guinea on here?
Not anymore.
Although these and other activities seemed to violate U.S. banking rules,
the officer of the control of the currency did not take enforcement action against
the bank after a learn of these matters in 2002 that presumably was not unrelated
to the fact that the OCC examiner had raced soon thereafter went to work for Riggs.
In May 2004, the bank paid $25 million in fines, a connection with
money laundering violations related to the Equatorial Guinea and study
Arabian governments, the Saudi Arabian government has the subject of ongoing
federal criminal investigations.
And last but not least, you're very favorite.
Yeah, a wall art.
There you go.
Sorry.
Are you studying McGill in the nighty bell again over there?
They get them lined up against me.
Are you guys going to go now?
I don't think no matter how much time we kill out of it,
Josh is going to be able to make a conclusion on that.
While wall art is presently out of it, a public relations defensive,
the company remains the colossus of U.S. and increasingly global retailing.
It registers more than a quarter trillion dollars in sales.
Its revenue is account for 2% of U.S. gross domestic product.
For two years running, Fortune is named Wall-Mart, the most admired company in America.
It is arguably the defining company of the present era.
A key component, arguably the key component of the company's business model,
is under compensating employees in externalizing costs on a society.
A February 2004 report issued by Representative George Miller at California
temulated some of those costs.
The report estimates that one 200-person wall-Mart storm may result in a cost of federal taxpayers
of over $420,000 a year, about $2,003 per employee.
These public costs include free and reduced lunches for just 50 qualifying wall-Mart families,
section 8 housing assistance, federal tax credits, and deductions for low-income families,
and federal contributions health insurance programs for low-income children.
Well, that great. We're helping out those poor backers to work for Wall-Mart.
Believe me, they need your help.
Josh Cortes says he'd like to throw in a few bucks.
I have a better idea.
Either that or lose it if the Indian is there, one or the other.
What's that?
You don't chop it wall-Mart. They go under.
Those people can fight a real job at a real company.
Shane, on you.
There you go. Pick it on for a wall-Mart again.
Poor wall-Mart.
I think the wall, I think that I have like the, not the skull and crossbones there.
I don't have like the picture with the devil on the front on the door.
I'd be required by law.
George Wood.
A big knee on the, yeah, the president, they would be horns coming out of the safe and pitchfork.
A few minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, hey IRS tax problems,
speak to your government in action.
Have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically, emotionally.
You can never get those damn IRS problems off your mind.
You wake up every morning in a cool sweat.
Well, CP18, the bulk wall and the bulk wall tax firm can help end those IRS problems
forever and give you back some peace of mind.
Wishes by other top CPA law firms are further clients too.
The bulk wall tax firm when they got problems with the IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if they lost all your records.
Now maybe you have an IRS lien, wage-loving, opiate role taxes and penalties.
Maybe like the settle for thousands less than you or need time to pay.
Whatever your problem with the IRS, the bulk wall tax firm can help.
They are free way free, no obligation, initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees,
and immediate relief from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you don't have to even go to those pain in the SRS meetings because
the bulk wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you may have to be there.
Call them today, 954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800, whether you owe $10,000 a million or whatever in between IRS taxes,
the bulk wall tax firm can help you out.
Call them today for their free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com
and stop fretting about the IRS knocking down your front door.
Call that number 954-575-2800 and get that IRS monkey off your back.
Yours means a meal, Rogers.
Resort on 560-7000-8M.
For David's a bitch.
The 80s are back, they are.
Uh-huh, and 50s funny man Jerry Lewis is too.
Are you sure?
Well, kind of.
And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a supergroup for the new millennium,
introducing Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey ladies!
The heart of rock and roll, heart of rock and roll is still meeting.
There were the ventricles in the ARD and Cleveland already was shipwagon in the white room and all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop.
It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
And lady, please I'd like a new drug, no need those plays.
This is a nice man from Thomas' type version.
And the white goat, ladies I ain't here for anything.
Hey, it's hip to be square.
And it's even heifer to buy something round, like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Amazing, you can find it wherever find records are sold with a nice man behind the cow
that they have you find it with a nice lady.
Marison, okay, why?
You don't know.
116 at 516 W.C.M.
Jerry Lewis somebody said now he wasn't a great movie the King of Comedy, right?
Right.
But, he'll always be defined by like the nutty professor parts one hundred, all of those.
Right.
Hey lady!
That's the Jerry Lewis.
That's a good one for the pole.
I like it.
Now this fact is the most amusing.
Could you please tell Dr. Stadjergian how a man looks to not make you gay, body wash does.
Right.
So I guarantee that Josh Corden is not to be using body wash.
He's using a manly soap.
Soap with a handle on it.
Soap on a rope.
How do you like that?
Soap on a rope, but it's is blessed by the Pope with a strap.
And if you drop it, you're a real dope because then look at that dome right.
You can only hope.
Now what kind of soap do you use?
Irish Spring.
Oh my god, that's where a real man.
I, lady.
Like Bruce, what's the name of that bit?
Irish Spring Stainty.
Oh god, not bitch, we can still play that one too.
I think.
Thank you.
I'll do it.
You too, back here.
No, he's not.
That was a great show, bro.
Say it, bro.
Let me honest with you.
You stink.
Well, where you fed him?
I got a lot.
After 72 cities and four hours a night,
Dr. Stadjergian thinks it's about saying you had yourself a shower?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
And I've got just the soap barrier.
New Irish Spring Stainty.
It's the boss of the order and soup.
Hey, baby, you've got strong enough for a wetly holding.
Good, I like it too.
Green and new with the Irish Spring Stain.
Now you won't be smelling like no jersey in your mouth.
I'll tell you what makes you approve that you're gay.
Anybody that was in this fax, this is body wash makes you gay.
Nobody is using soap anymore except a few very insecure people like Josh.
And at least he's using Irish Spring, which is a very manly green soap.
Well, I haven't got yet.
Well, the body wash.
That's an upper body wash.
I don't think it's the same eyes, baby.
Affricate body wash.
Once you use that, you wouldn't dream of going back to soap.
And it's got nothing to it.
And in addition to which that particular one, the upper cow one,
is real gritty.
Women wouldn't want any part of it.
You know, like we talked about lava soap,
which is like pumice, you know, it's real gritty and schmitty.
Well, it's the same with this.
It's got like a whole whole but beads in it.
It feels like true grit, man.
When you chew it out on your...
It's like a scraped blackhead's up there.
So this guy that sent me the facts that keeps government selling it in.
You're just too cheap.
You're just too old-fashioned.
That's your problem, man.
Body wash.
You got any hotel now, any, just by the way, we're in the world.
Instead of those little soaps that are about like a tent of an ounce that they put there in the shower, you know?
Right.
Instead of that, not just like a little container of body wash.
That's right.
And unlike soap, which you finish with it,
and it sits there and congeals on the little thing there.
They put it on the shower, that little thing.
And it's got hair on it and you know,
or a mong and it's getting moldy and oldy.
And who knows who they'll use it before you and where they stuck it.
Yeah, for crying.
Yeah, for crying.
Now body wash, you open up the container, it's like all new and fresh.
It goes down to drain.
And by the way, that's it.
You close the thing up and use it the next time.
It's just sanitary way to...
As opposed to schmyr and something all over your body,
that's been gut on the nose, where else?
Okay.
Who knows where that thing has been?
I do.
Oh, yeah.
I'll bet you do.
Just look it out of there.
You took it out of there, huh?
Well, you keep it in there too long.
You might make a home.
Don't be...
How about you QAM?
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the fever?
The fever?
The fever.
The fever.
Very mad.
Very mad.
There's an answer to another child actor, Jerry or mad.
That's good.
We're not putting those on there at all.
Yeah, whatever.
It's all you ever did.
They molded.
Yeah.
You're saying, well, I never did.
Because, like I said, we can't put the child actors on.
There's too many.
We could do that kid to play Dennis the Menace.
What was his name, Jerry, on Earth?
Right.
Yay.
But, was it?
Oh.
Woo!
Ask Miss Tanner about that one, by the way.
I'd rather not.
Okay, don't do it.
I don't...
I don't...
Can't speculate what that one is.
What?
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, I got one for you, Paul.
I'll bet.
Go ahead.
Paulie Shore.
Paulie Shore.
Boy, don't come more stereotyped than that.
Paulie Shore is...
You know what Paulie Shore is?
I give up.
Paulie Shore.
Oh, yeah.
But, yeah.
That's it.
So, we can put that one on there, or not, while you're choosing between McGill and Andy Bell.
I already made my pick.
I thought it was Josh that had to make this choice here.
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking to him.
You talking to me?
No, I'm talking to him.
I'll say it out of you.
I'm talking to him while he's opening up his carton of Irish Spring soap on a rope.
Yeah.
Helps you grow up when it's on a rope.
So, don't be a dope.
Use the bodywashed.
Hey, use whatever you want.
Okay.
Anybody that's that insecure, that's worried about how they do something to make some look straight, or make some look gay.
Who cares, okay?
If you're that worried about what other people think about you, man, and get a life, okay?
Get a life.
I have no life.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You love that cock.
Isn't that beautiful?
When I'm special?
Yeah. That's a real bulletin.
Thanks for the bulletin, okay?
They're gonna be putting that in the front page of the New York Times today.
It's like your friends are stuck calling.
Now, that's why you're people.
Not my friends.
You've had more of them than I had.
That's your little circle of friends there, okay?
That's what's an imprint in Bobby and Robbie and Jose and Julio.
Or maybe you were longer before I had a doctor and a vector and whatever.
A vector.
And Arlen Specter.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing, sir?
Pretty good, pal.
I got a poll suggestion on the prettiest athlete male and female have jaws consist of male.
Yeah.
For the male plot, I say Jason Taylor.
And one is George going to put Josh's mom on the beat of current.
Whose mom?
Josh's mom.
Oh, Josh's mom.
Thank you.
See what I just got you messing them.
They're all sitting around in a big circle holding hands.
Besides, they promise I wouldn't let anybody else see those pictures.
Holding hands or maybe some arounds with hands like laying in the ship.
We're laying hands in the ship, like.
Oh, I'm dead.
Really?
Well, no, I'm pretty fat.
Take a rest.
So, Mike.
Yeah, that's what Miguel said.
So, you couldn't have been worse that could have said that's what Dustin.
Don't eat Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, I got some of Neil's poll.
Okay, you're talking to him. Go ahead.
Hey, Neil.
It's snapper. We're in four miles.
Another one.
I'm going to leave it on.
Hey, I bet you're sentenced.
He can't do much except hop on your poll.
Yeah, okay.
Hi, we're going to like you.
Okay.
Hi, hi, hi.
All you people in South Florida, by the way, in a southeast coast, just be happy.
Right, right, there's a good reason why you're happy to be here, where you are.
I wouldn't want to be there, but you could be on a west coast.
It could be a lot worse.
You could be one of them.
Nobody to Q.A.M.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have some for your poll.
First, I'll comment about the bar soap versus the body body wash.
You don't use body wash, do you?
No, I listen.
I've got to use the bar soap in my hand.
What does that mean?
He's with the body wash, yes, he's your hand.
No, you don't.
You can't get up there good.
You need the bar soap.
Anyway, for your form, I don't know his name.
Just general voting.
Max Berry's on there.
Max Berry's on our way.
You've got to get it way up there.
I don't want to get into that too deeply, but quite frankly, I never stuck a bar of soap
where I think he's talking about.
I mean, I just...
You got life and whittle it down.
Is that what you do?
Yeah, I make like a sharp point.
Right?
Is that what you do?
I mean, what's the point?
I don't know.
First of all, they have those lovely, they have a variety of things there.
Which I don't use.
That's what I do use mine.
Huh?
They have sponges.
They have sponges...
The Lucifer Life-A-Wall.
They have all of those things.
What do you gloves?
Right.
How about a nice masculine sponge would be good?
You got it?
It's a good one.
And I guarantee you that guys use this hand plenty of time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and even rising in singular wireless lines.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neely, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
I got one for your list.
How about Harvey Kytel?
Harvey Kytel.
Oh, I got another good one.
Harvey Firesteam.
There you go.
And I maybe, I don't know if I've looked in late, but how about Andy Griffith?
Andy Griffith, he was a Yahoo, and then he was a cop.
But he was a Yahoo cop.
Andy Griffith.
And Uber.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
He was a Goober.
Thanks.
And he was a lawyer.
He was Matt Locke.
But he was always a Goober.
Andy Griffith's good.
Good old lawyer.
I don't think he had to act too much.
Put him on there.
Let's get him on.
We got him.
He ain't no Frankie Lyman, but he's the best we can do.
Who is or was the most typecast actor or actress ever?
I never realized we'd have like 50,000 different people on there.
And we didn't even put the kid actors on there.
Thank God.
Because all of them would have been, that's the reason most of them either committed suicide or went to drugs or got real fat and grotesque or whatever the deal was.
Except for Ron Howard.
75 divorces.
No, Ron Howard, as much as I don't like him, he went on and there became like a big shot movie, a director, a role.
Like a real human being.
Like, right.
Like, no, I see the difference being that he went on to become an adult.
Right.
Right.
Whereas most of these other people just became like an older version of the child.
You know what I'm saying?
Like Robbie Benson.
Although he was your right, he was in a couple of things, but he still be he never changed.
He was always like a 40-year-old, 15-year-old.
Mm-hmm.
Am I right?
Yeah, like Robbie Carlton.
And he's still talking because he's like 40, 40 going on 12.
And Michael turned him down again.
Who is or was the most typecast actor, actress ever?
Melalagosis, Belidie from the get-go, as they say, the get-go from the start.
70.
John Wayne, 40.
Now there's Josh's idea of a real man, John Wayne, right?
Yeah, the Duke.
Now why don't you say that sarcastically?
Why were you a big fan?
No, and I hate that.
I couldn't stand him.
His name is Marion, by the way.
That was his first name, Marion.
Right.
Charles Bronson 38, Leonard Nimoy 34, Boris Carlaw 35, same person, different ears.
Arnold is tied with Adam West 22, Bob Denver 22, Joe Pesci 18, not too keen on fish.
Enbridge E. Robinson 18, Bill Schattner 14, sliced alone 12, Steven Siegel 11, Siegel, Michael Richards 11,
Mr. T's got 10.
Now, doesn't he have cancer?
I don't know.
Will you read the story about that?
Robert DeGnaire 8, Erica Strata 8, Erica Strata 8, Jackie Chan 7, Vern Troyer 7, Fran
Resher 7, Henry Winkler 7, Adam Sandler 6, Rodney Dangerfield 5, John Clawed Van Dam 5, Gary
Coleman 5, George Reeves Superman, the first TV Superman George Reeves, he recommended
suicide of Lids 5, because he was so typecast.
Next, Bear 5, Peter Falk 5, Don Notz 4, Woody Allen 4, Mark Campbell 4, Linda Blair 4,
Clint Eastwood, Peter Sellers, John Hogan 3, James Gandalfine, Paul Hogan, John Hogan
don't have any, Peter Hogan 3, Tommy Chong 3, Ed O'Neill 3, Hugh Grant 3, Bruce Lee 3,
Gary Lewis 2, Perrefer Ben Stiller, J.J. Walker, Robin Williams, Raymond Burr, Don Adams, David
Hasselhoff, Barbara Eden Carol O'Connor, each have a pair.
We've got a million names on here, also two for Bert Ward, David Canisity, Fred Gwynne,
One for the Rock, Tony Perkins, Pat Marita, Al Lewis, Leslie Nielsen, Vin Diesel, Van
Diesel, Elizabeth Montgomery, Lawn Cheney, Jr., Dennis Brands, Melissa Joan Hart, James
Rines and Irene Ryan, one of peace.
And no votes, look at all the ones we have had no votes, out of 539, non-Ferrandi, Griffith
just went on Harvey Cartel, Paul E. Shore, you put Harvey Firestein on there?
All right.
Marilyn Monroe Elvis, Molly Ringwald, Cheech Marin, Cheech Marin, don't have any votes?
Ralph Machio, Canis Moss Machio, Ralph Machio or Cheech Marin, McCauley Culkin, Jim
Varney, Jack Cugman, Troy Trottonbridge, and Mike Myers, I've got to be...
How could Mike Myers have no votes, huh?
What is that?
I tell you, you've done a billion things.
Get out of here.
When you shop for quality food where you can go to a lot of different places but you want
to get a perfect fit every time you want to get an unbeatable price, you want to get
a great personal service and a selection of top quality names like you've got no place
else and men's and women's shoes, then head for Brandi shoes and prombo-de-beach to
be doing it right there for years for a long, long time.
All the shoes you love, like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, spirit, timberland, actualizer,
and all the other top names in the shoe business, and with Brandi's humongous selection, you
could bet Greg Reed's life on it, that whatever you've got, whatever you like there, they've
got your size in stock on a shelf, ready to life on your feet.
Brandi's open every day, seven days a week.
Mondays who Saturday it's nine to nine and every Sunday 10 to five.
Brandi's is located at 1290, North Federal Highway and Pombo-de-Beach Intermediate, as
always worth a trip like for example, this week a great time to buy new balance shoes which
everybody in their brother loves new balance to sensational eyeworm.
This week at Brandi's, he'll have up to 20 bucks a pair on new balance.
So be sure to give him the story this week or visit him and do your shopping on the
web at BrandiSews.com.
You are listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm listening to Neil Roger P.I.
I'm having a meantime, I ain't got a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
I'm having a show in Cardinal Javu.
Now you're just got so weight.
You know my cash don't come easy.
That's why I can't tolerate unzestiful loans.
No, not that joke, baby fat.
I ain't no chase man at this.
Not one successful lover, baby, that's not.
I ain't scared you.
You're not part of my man.
You just type one out.
That's not the way you talk to me.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
I can't tolerate you.
26-2 Curtis Davidson fills in for the mad dog today too.
And we got, well, let's add him on going with it.
What do you mean?
We got like the whole lineup is all balled up
and so makes it even more aggravating.
But anyway, Curtis does a fine job.
He'll be on for the mad dog.
And then we got Moe at four who does a moe job.
Low-firing.
Rhymes with.
Authority said yesterday they're investigating leaks
about the child molestation case against Michael Jackson
that appeared in news reports.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Official say information
about the case has been released into finds of a judge's
gag order imposed on both sides.
We consider the release of these materials to be a violation
of the law according to a statement
post of them in the department's website.
Some media commentators have alleged that we are responsible
for these leaks.
We are not.
These accusations are irresponsible, unfounded and untrue.
Sheriff Sergeant Chris Pappas declined to elaborate
setting the gag order.
The online statement was in part of response to the recent ABC news report
that quoted from the transcripts of Gran Jury Testimony
given in the molestation case.
In that testimony, Jackson's accused described the pop singers
alleged crimes in graphic detail, including an incident
which Jackson allegedly molested him on a bed.
ABC is not revealed how it received more than 1900 pages
of Gran Jury Testimony.
Gran Jury transcripts normally are made public in California.
10 days after the pen of receives them.
But the judge in the Jackson cases kept the transcripts
to see along with most other documents.
Yada yada yada.
So ABC has got their nose in a man.
They're on top of it.
Not good?
That's great.
Michael Jackson, by the way, uses ivory spring.
You know Dan, well, he ain't using body wash.
He likes to use and soap.
He likes to keep dropping it.
You know, he has an excuse.
Speaking of that, wait till they're this story.
State Senator John Ford, this is in Memphis.
Good old Tennessee and this one's a Democrat.
We got plenty of losers in the Democratic Party,
believe me, most of them as a matter of fact.
State Senator John Ford testified to juvenile court hearing
that he keeps two homes,
living with two different women whose children he fathomed.
I thought it was going to say Sherlock and John Holmes,
but that would have been bad.
Ford's testimony was part of his defense
and the child support case.
The Memphis Democrat heads a Senate committee
that guides the state's child welfare policies.
And for the past year, he's tried to make use of a law
that he authored that keeps court-ordered support
lower when the father's financially responsible
for other children.
You following the abossing walls here?
In a juvenile court hearing last year
that has said for a follow-up hearing today,
Ford said he lived some days with ex-wife
tomorrow, Missle Ford, and the three children they had together.
On other days, he stays with his longtime girlfriend,
Connie Matthews, and their two children.
Well, you can kind of relate to that, right?
Ford and Missle Ford went through a bitter divorce in 2002
that led to Missle Ford's jailing
after she plowed her car through Matthew's Cairoville home.
Ford said he and New York pays nearly all bills
for both families.
They stay in houses he owns and where he also lives.
Though neither home is in his South Memphis and at district.
You have two homes, referee Felicia Hoganass,
during the tape recording hearing from November.
Well, that's unusual.
Not necessarily Ford shot back.
I know people who are at five.
Hogan responded for child support purposes.
That's unusual.
Let me put it that way then.
Ford is battling a suit by a third woman,
Dana Smith, who's tried to increase his court-ordered support
of a 10-year-old girl he fathered.
Smith, a former employer under Ford,
when he was General Sessions clerk,
won a 96-sexual harassment verdict against him.
Oh, this is incredible.
Don't you just love these people that are making like babies
all over the place?
Tennessee, no less, huh?
Where everybody's related.
Not that much in hypocrites,
but that's a Bible, Trumpen, Bible,
Toten, Bullcrap artist, man.
Oh, yeah, we're fetus lovers.
We're, uh, we don't like them faggotty.
The whole agenda.
And then the meantime coming to find out
they're father and kids by everybody in their brother.
They're doing everything that moves.
Dogs, cats, armadillos, trees,
fire hydrants, you name it.
Nixon, they're a panelist and vision terrorist attacks.
Do you see this story?
No.
Nearly three decades before the 9-11 attacks,
a high-level government panel
developed plans to protect the nation against terrorist attacks,
ranging from radiological dirty bombs
to airline missile attacks,
according to declassified documents obtained by the AP.
Unless governments take basic precautions,
we will continue to stand at the edge of an awful abyss.
Robert Cupperman, Chief Scientist for the Arms Control
and Assarment Agency, wrote in a 1977 report
that summarized nearly five years of work
by the Cabinet Committee to combat terrorism.
The group was formed in September 1972
by Nixon after Palestinian commando slaughtered 11
as early athletes at the Unicro-Lympic Games.
The Committee involved people as diverse as Henry Kissinger
to a young Rudolph Giuliani, the one secret document show.
It is vital that we take every possible action ourselves
in a concert with other nations
to decide which are against acts of terrorism.
Nixon wrote asking a Secretary of State William Rogers
to oversee the task force.
The Committee, the full committee,
meant only once in October 1972 to organize,
but its experts did get together twice a month
over nearly five years to identify threats
and debate solutions of MMO show.
And it goes on and on the other side of our website.
But that we sure didn't hold the time in the 30 years...
About 30 minutes!
...and the Committee didn't win.
He'll have a job.
Not.
So I guess at the end of the show we're going to have a big announcement
from Josh.
He's going to give us his decision,
Maddie Bell or Miguel Escobar.
Kieros Mocicco.
Which one has the Tony?
I think he's playing.
He's going to pick Maddie to be on the safe side.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' Dicks,
who will simply announce five to sixteen.
We're all on it.
Who's it?
Rocks, rocks, rocks.
You will find what you are looking for at Rock Mart.
Grab a feastful of savings on the Palestinian area's
favorite projectiles.
Protest in style with an assortment of fine,
ethnius and conglomerate rocks.
Many sizes available.
Helped with pride with our handsome selection
of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunks.
Toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and shale
in the latest new fall colors.
Plus, brows are last-minute summer clearance specials
on sticks and bottles while supplies last.
So, for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's
favorite projectile,
flinging today to the Rock Mart for a feastful of savings,
there's one just their stones throw away from you.
Hi!
144.16.2
Here's a fact that says from Neil and Carl Springs,
Tony Danza's a good one.
Always plays the someone named Tony,
Rockal Tony, a real grito, a real jueling oily grito.
That's Tony Danza.
Can't stand him.
Got it? Got it.
Then Neil goes on to say,
I agree with Josh.
This to me is so hysterical, I could like pee in my pants.
I agree with Josh.
No real man thinks in terms of another man
being attractive or good looking
and real men shave their balls.
Well, there you go Josh.
If anything sounds gay,
it's guys that shave their balls.
You shaved your balls Josh?
No.
Well, and you must be gay.
Yeah.
Because he says real men shave their balls.
Yes, people that do that for.
I see. Like Maddie Bell.
Maddie Bell.
A bell.
Yeah.
Jim and Pember Pine says,
in my opinion,
Ellen Aldo's hockey pierce and McLean Stevenson
is Henry Blake.
It's hard to see them and I don't think
of those characters.
I would say McLean Stevenson, yes.
And Ellen Aldo, I don't know.
He's been with him many other things.
Yeah.
All the time.
But McLean Stevenson,
which is why they tried him on 85 different TV shows.
They all flocked.
So it was either because he was a stereotype
or because he just sucked.
You think?
I think he sucked.
Yeah, but you can put him on there.
There are plenty of people on the phone.
Now here's one.
It's just this just,
I mean, give me a break.
An idea for a poll.
Who is the,
what was the single worst news event in the last 30 years
or GW being elected?
I think maybe they mean as opposed to his
as being elected, I don't get him.
Yeah, I think so.
And then it says,
my vote was the shooting of John Lennon.
In other words,
the shooting of John Lennon was a bigger,
the worst news event in 9-11.
I mean, is there any dispute about that?
The last,
the worst news event in the last 30 years,
other than Bush being elected twice or stealing it twice?
Huh?
We're talking 75 to an hour, 30 years.
But third, man.
Right.
So what could possibly be worse?
Well, maybe no musicians were killed in 9-11.
Kurt Cobain.
Maybe that would be worse.
It brings up, huh?
Could be.
Two pack.
There you go.
Not a good poll.
Nice try though.
Thanks for the effort,
but it's a pretty weak, really weak.
5-6-7-0-5-60,
pound-5-60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
And no straight guy could ever, ever imagine.
You know what the whole thing to me is?
It's intimidation.
I think that most straight guys are either like average
or less than average are really gross looking.
They're intimidated by a good looking guy, you know?
Like in a bar or like in any kind of a social setting
with a ballgame and in some really, really handsome guy walks in there.
It's like intimidating.
Because then it really magnifies how like mediocre looking they are, you know?
Right.
No, I'm serious.
It's like an intimidation factor.
It's so American though.
The whole concept is so American and embarrassing to the word.
Oh, sorry, Jeff.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
You're overpolled and it's an easy poll.
It's Roger Moore, 007.
Everyone's talking about TV characters.
A tight cast is someone in the movie.
How about Sean Connery?
No.
He did a billion different movies, no comparison.
So Roger Moore did a lot of other stuff.
He also did a billion movies.
Yeah, but look how he did in those movies.
There's no comparison.
Come on.
I see the same genre, man.
You see the same genre?
You were going to put Roger Moore, we're going to put Sean Connery.
All right.
Okay, is it a deal?
No.
Okay, well, too bad.
So it's your choice.
You could put him both on there and either one.
When you agree that if you put one, you've got to put the other.
Right, no.
I mean, they both on a zin and different things.
But Sean Connery is James Bond, in fact, to me.
More so.
Sean Connery is more James Bond than Roger Moore.
Easily.
I mean, Roger Moore, I mean, the more I see him, the less I want to see him.
He's like, too British.
He was the cheap.
There was a whole dispute with two companies making James Bond movies at the same time.
I'm kind of another good one.
All right.
Even though you might not agree, because he's played different roles, but he always comes out playing himself.
Kevin Crossner.
Right.
Just well, yeah.
He always plays a real boring, I know he's been in movies with different topics.
You know, like, the untouchables and then like, uh, dances with the Wolf Flitzer.
But he always plays himself.
He has no range.
He, he, he, he's like always the same doll monotone boring.
They just play himself.
Kevin Crossner.
I think it's a great choice if you ask me.
Who asked you?
I did.
Oh.
Hey, listen, when I, I always like my answers.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a name for your ball.
Yes.
Slipply, when wet.
Oh, my.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, I'm sorry to call Neil.
You're talking to him.
Neil.
Yes, I was easy.
I'm a Lucy Ball.
Lucy Ball.
Lucy Ball.
Don't say Lucy Balls, man.
Joyce Leverfield.
Thanks a lot, Poundy.
Good.
Right.
Lucy Ball, huh?
She was in movies, right?
A big trailer, but that was like her.
Lucy.
Lucy.
You had the regular movies before the, uh, the series, though.
Right.
Right.
But I mean, once she was on Ila Lucy, I mean, that was Lucy's Balls, man.
She, that was it.
That was her.
That's a good one.
Now, see, somebody might say, like, if we're going to take the TV, people like Jackie Gleason,
but he was in a lot of movies.
What was that movie?
He was in the hustler with the pilot.
The pilot was great.
He was a great actor.
Jackie Gleason.
Totally not like Ralph Hander.
Right.
Five, six, seven, like Art Carney, you could say the same with him, but he was in all of the movies.
Yeah, he was in his, and we're in good act too, too.
Art Carney's dead, then.
And we're not too happy about it.
We're pretty peeled.
If he were here today, he'd use body wash.
And he was a real guy.
Guaranteed.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can I add something to your bowl?
Please.
Uh, how about, uh, David, do you have me?
For the bowl?
Okay, I can't stand him.
I only added that because that's my favorite TV show.
I got one.
The TV show may be okay, but he keeps me away from watching it.
I'll tell you I don't like him.
You guys might.
Thanks.
David's a company, okay, which, uh, until somebody told me, I remember I missed pronounced that name.
Yeah, can't do that again.
Oh, so I would never do that again.
Once I get it right to first time, I'll get it right forever and ever, because he's a very important guy.
David's a company man, just like, uh, the guy with the orange hair.
What's his name?
Paul Harvey Jr.
No, the guy with the orange hair.
The actor with the orange hair.
Boog.
No, yeah.
Boog's job.
That's right.
Hey, by the way, Casey, Mr. We're losing the Booster.
We're very, uh, you know, David.
We're the best.
We made David, producer.
That's right.
Uh, we were wishing the best, not David, producer, but the booster.
He's gone over to $7.90.
He's going to begin a good break because he's going to be doing some, uh, baseball and ESPN, regional and maybe national, whatever else the backup games.
And if the main game gets, uh, here we go.
Good break for you.
Nice going, Boog.
Yeah, he turned out a Marlon job, which, uh, it was a good deal, but I think being on ESPN, then of course he's going to be doing his room
or 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
How can we compete with a booster, huh?
How can we do that?
And if they actually team up with Chris Mora, then we're in big trouble.
Sure.
Or maybe,
Ted Hussages.
I'm just saying,
A.M.
That's you.
To all the wives he's had before.
To all the women he makes for.
He threw them from his house to make room for commas.
That billionaire playboy, M.M.
That's you.
To all the wives he's had before.
That's our statistic that cared for.
Without cash, she said,
I'd say that the drum would have no prayer and help to store.
God read on my land, he bought us.
He threw them out the drum tower.
Was this guy smoking marijuana?
Or giving eye on his father?
To all the wives he's had before.
There's no question that he'll have for.
Melania's number three,
but I can't wait to see
who Trump will pick as long before.
To all the wives he's had before.
To back their jewels and hit the door.
We're such a horny pup,
to win an ironclad, bring them
and his sister's wedding on court.
God read on my land, he bought us.
He threw them right out of this tree.
He met a new girl and said,
Hey, why not?
Be my wife and run my stinky face.
All right.
I'll give you caviar to eat.
I think I may not be the best,
but the one good part about it is long.
It just goes on and on.
And to which we say, good, good.
Anyway, here's the deal.
What do we got?
We got the top contenders.
Who is or was the most type cast actor actor,
actor, actor, actor, actor, actor,
Bella, she's been leading from the get go.
And they can't catch Bella.
John Wayne 42, Charles Bronson 42,
Boris Carl off 38,
Leonard Nimble, 37,
Arnold's got 24 and Adam West 24.
And Bob Denver 23 and I never saw him again be too soon.
Is he dead?
No, he's not dead.
Bob Denver's not dead.
Yeah.
Okay, now let's get to the meat of the matter here.
We made a decision, Josh,
and we made a choice.
Paper plastic.
Sure, let's go with Miguel.
You notice it was a talk choice between Miguel
and Maddie Bell.
This is sitting in a similar to his name, Jimmy Gels.
I was like Maddie Bell, who looks like hell.
There's a wrinkle up a little prune.
It's about two feet tall.
There you go.
It's here for Josh, okay?
He's making some progress.
He's taking one teeny tiny step for mankind.
Next week, he's going to be telling us
he actually went on about some body water.
Nothing.
Yeah, nothing.
You don't have to use it.
Just buy it.
Don't go crazy.
In fact, listen.
I know you can't afford to buy him the TV set.
Yeah.
You haven't got your bonus yet.
That's what I expect.
In fact, you can kill two turds with one stone.
When you go to Walgreens or CVS or whatever,
we don't have anything against CVS yet.
Pick up some body wash for him and some for yourself.
Sure, I'll get him some body wash and a razor.
Oh, the Shavys Balls?
What else?
Yeah, we'll make him into a real man before we're done.
I'll say to that.
Or you can have Maddie Bell Shavys Balls with me cute.
We can put that on our website.
You have to stand on the stool.
You have to stand on what?
A tool.
I'll tell you one thing and it's a good thing we're getting out here right now.
We got Curtis Stevens who did a fine job filling it for the mad dog.
Because the mad dog's overworked and they're pretty pissed off.
He's on 2-4 hours, you manage.
I mean, they're Curtis Stevens.
And then we got Mollower David 4-7.
And Yoldie back to back.
7-10-10-10.
That is spite of a popular demand.
Bye, bye, bye.
