i'm gonna say this this may be the most outrageous statement but i think that by the
middle of the season people listen to the law for me and son of the radio are going to be
begging for the moment back that's how uh... i mean jimmy has never done play by play that i've
asked a lot of people this and i could be wrong about that but i don't think he's ever done
playing certainly not on a professional level no not professional i think that's in college
so well but to me what this does it demeans the profession is somebody who has a child
always aspired to be a great play by you know mel alan was my hero i wanted to be a great
sportscaster and it's so demeaning to the profession there are such great broadcasters out there
and to just take a bunch of x-jobs because they were a jockstrap once or play the game and in his
case you know reasonably well but not a great player well what what's the big deal or what's
the attraction and i'm sure jowel do a good job on on the color he's not mad dog but he'll do a
good job but but jimmy syphilis do and play by play jimmy you bid off a big one here sweetheart
well will you i don't know will you be listening no would you probably not if i george took a
pull on that yesterday first the result of that pull you want to hear it about the how this is
right up your alley how often you listen to the dolphin games on the radio yeah not as much as 11
125 votes never 555 that's just under a half right there never listen on the radio less than half
the time 299 so if you add those two together you got 77% more than half the time
of the game on television always 86 and about half the time 84 so only 7.5% always listen on the
radio and i think that number is going to go down real fast just like that often organization
that's why you know the real mistake isn't who the announcers are the real mistake was paying
four and a half million dollars for the rights well it's going to be a bad combination the losing
franchise there'll be never mind money they're never gonna make their money from the beginning
revenue back number two and number three they're putting on two well especially in Jimmy's case
inexperienced broadcasters well i wish them well
don't don't don't don't don't want to get oh yeah it's one of two very nice people and
they're happy i would agree with that whole heartedly yeah it's him he's a great guy and so is Joe
yeah so but it's not personal it's business you know i'm saying we'll have to listen and see
don't don't go ahead and you listen and i'll no i won't be doing good
i can say there's a bill have to listen
i'm busy yeah that's right you're gonna be working some other games every week so it doesn't affect me
and of course i'm out of touch you know i'm very far away and out of touch thank god
you know how many dolphin games i've listened to on the radio in the last 10 years
stop turning man probably none they probably be five yeah that's about it i think our friend
Moe is gonna be salivating like a grasshopper rubbing its legs together and it's the
doing the game for some radio networks someplace yes you've been watching serious stock
no it's it's jump dropping no zooming zooming based on what i don't know
based on height because i just i just minutes ago it's funny you mentioned that i just read a
thing off radio and records website yeah and uh it just ripping them and ass and saying that
they're not gonna want much of anything all this uh hype about satellite radio i'm gonna say it
again people aren't gonna pay for something they can already get for free yeah they want to hear
music they can pop CDs and then hear whatever the hell they want and if they want to hear uh
well people like that other other satellite network xm yeah
yeah
between the two of them they're not gonna make much of a blip that's it i said that five years ago
and i still say that i thought it wouldn't have liked to have gotten on that serious thing that would
have been great yeah but the beastly's pissed off how it's turned and that was the end of that
they have a way you know yep just like yesterday was the 11th of july you know what the 10th of
the month is it's payday two a.m right did my texture up yesterday i just mentioned that so i
had to go through my usual but it beat but it booted by a they just can't pay people on time
over there in naples what is your problem over there you limit this you maniacs can you have
direct deposit no i can't get that because i'm like uh uh like a mini corporation like a little fat
corporation so i can't do that see i have a spn and they do that yeah well yeah but that's
the spn they actually pay people yeah but i have a corporation right they pay the corporations
and they directed positive yes well so that it's a lie it sounds like to me oh total
i don't want to create trouble you know i'm glad you did i'm glad you told me that because i've
always been told oh they can't do that because so your corporation i'm a corporation and the spn
has been paying me for years that well you know something then the beastlies are as usual
the two and two there go yeah so we're gonna run i'll get on that pronto i'm ready to
see i'm useful in some ways you today you've been that that alone where it gets you several
brownie points i just don't need the brownie you're doing that well listen have a great day it's
nice to be in touch again briefly and you i miss you but uh you're here a couple of times a week
that's good i had a night had a great week last week and by the way the win hotel people are complaining
about it why's that uh well they close one of the restaurants because it wasn't very good and people
uh i've heard who stayed at the belagio and went over there are going back to the belagio not happy
access is bad the sports books too small when is he ever going to say enough is it up you know yeah
hasn't hasn't made enough money already oh and it's pretty hard with all the stuff they have
out there now it's pretty hard to keep topping yourself you know with bigger and bigger and
this year it's just that it's reached the point now where you if you're inside one of those places
you look around they all pretty much look the same yes by the way one final note do not ever go to
remember i was i was counting you i'm false view casino Niagara Falls yes do not ever go there
what happened i'm just telling you don't ever go to this my that should tell you what happened
don't ever go to that you're just taking it's like a one-way thing you know it's like if you
went to the track and they were selling tickets but they weren't cashing them yeah oh i got
sign referrals that's falls view so the payout is not so oh my god i i gave that the broad
a piece in my mind you know they comp me the room and the meals and this and that i gave her a
piece in my mind also sent a a skidding note to the Ontario gaming commission but you know it
does make a difference because they're all it's all part of the same deal they're all seen
together exactly i told her i said y'all i have arm security guards when people walk in just with
oozees put your arms up in the air give me all your money and get out of here you know just go jump
into falls that's what they ought to be doing don't ever go near there i want or you'll wind up
like that doctor who's got stuck in the falls he decided to jump and then he changes mine i
told you that did i last year and they had the picture on the front page of all the newspapers
there he was standing with his foot property against the big rock in the middle of Niagara Falls
we need to get rescued which he did all right i will heal you you have a nice day
you'll duck on the rock okay i'll see you Thursday okay i'll go today
the fuck has smell it absolutely
you
sure
The highly dialed inshore is in square and pants.
He'll tell you if you'd like your job,
Then you'll give him a last dance.
And if you tell lowriley,
You're not looking to be kissed.
Pills through the pants right off you,
And for you an extortionist,
You firm all of back their spare and balanced,
But not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie
Who likes it a little to the right?
Welcome.
When Bill O'Reilly's morning,
Sure it ain't to no stings on.
So when Bill O'Reilly's dialing,
Oh, you best not pick up your phone.
Who thinks who thinks it's going?
It's 11 a.m. already,
Boy, I like those crossovers,
Man, before he noticed,
Almost time to go home.
And I'm already home.
Anyway, more bad news from Iraq boys and girls,
Government of Attack in Iraqi Army checkpoint north of Baghdad,
Coming at least nine soldiers,
Proving once again like Dick Cheney said that the insurgency is in its dying throws.
Or somebody's dying.
At least three people were injured in the half-hour gun battle that ensued,
Including a civilian.
The attack happened at dawn in the town of Calais near Bakobah,
Bakuba, Forty-Mouth North-East of the capital.
And in Baghdad, relatives have buried a mother and eight of her children were killed in their beds,
And they ballad the yacht area on Sunday.
In other violence on Sunday,
A suicide bomber killed more than 20 people who were queuing outside an army recruiting center in Baghdad.
And at least six people were killed in further suicide bombs,
In the northern cities of Kirkuk and most of them.
Who's counting, of course?
Because those are those rags, right?
We don't care about that.
Pre-demo's on the march.
Everything is going really just to one guy, one,
And nobody really cares.
Four bombs exploded today, and they were a power plant that a vast region of Madrid,
After warning from the separatist group, ETA, but there were no casualties.
It's those damn bastard separatists against Spain.
So this is not related to the one-bin bombing and the trains and the, in the, uh,
Q.
This is a whole different fall-backs.
What we got to do, a break already?
10-13 at 5-60 WQM.
Let's take a look at that schedule for today.
It's two days July 12th.
We got more.
We're getting at two, but proving that nothing is perfect in the summertime,
We got guilty again from four to seven three hours of that,
Squeak your way home and traffic man,
And then we got printed 7-8, followed by the 76 all-star baseball game,
Any information?
No.
And in the EDK after that.
For years, Armstrong, Florida, home city has always treated everybody like family.
They want to withstand an offer to you to join their family.
Florida has just announced their Ford family plan.
And right now at Armstrong, Florida, home city, you can buy a vehicle and employ,
Discount prices.
That's right now through July 31st.
Armstrong, Florida, home city, gives you the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company
Employing their families get.
Not only do you get employee family pricing, you also get Armstrong,
Ford's exclusive, tires and batteries for life program two.
And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you get a covered TV free.
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up that phone right now and call 305-247-51-12 and ask for David Rich.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else.
No bait and switch, no phone ideals.
In this fantastic office, only available to Armstrong, Florida, home city,
where they always treat you like family.
They're proud to be locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich has
Bring your family to meet our family.
Armstrong, Florida, home city, there a US-1 at Sanforis 307-3 20 minutes out to the V-36.
Check them on the web at armstrongcars.com and then give David a call at 305-247-51-12
and ask him about the Ford family plan today.
Grab a little extra and save yourself thousands at Armstrong, Ford, of home city.
And when it comes to sports, you'll have to leave the off story.
Sport wheel bumps is deep.
You may hear.
Oh, were you drugs back in?
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were the go-to bands for the sounds of the mid to late 1990s.
They were either third-eyed blind, smash-mouth, or gin-blossom.
You're not critic Ken Pugger.
When you're talking about bands that suck less than the other bands, you have to go with third-eyed blind.
Or gin-blossom.
Oh, oh, forgot about smash-mouth.
Hey, now, you're going outside.
You people only had to advance to your next preset button when you heard these things.
I lived it 24-7.
Suck on that.
Slapy gold, managed all three bands during their heyday.
One time they all played one of those summer festivals.
I didn't know whether I was coming or going.
I'm bringing them on stage, yet.
Hey kids, please welcome smash-blossoms.
Let's hear it for blind and one eye.
Hey, how about it for gin-mouse?
I don't know what the fuck.
I think the best way to illustrate what we're talking about is to play them all together.
It's a band.
See?
Hard to tell which one sucks less.
Either third-eyed blind, or smash-mouth, or gin-blossom.
They were as great as not bad, yet.
It's a big juicy, sautément-like show business.
Tonight, on Inside the Bind.
In other words, they all suck.
Absolutely.
It's what I think you try to say.
10-19 at QAM.
How often do you listen to the golfing games on a radio?
Georgia, I see us today.
Those who missed my reading of the pool went across over.
Did they get anybody missed it?
No, everyone heard it.
But it's worth reading them again.
Yes it is.
125 votes never.
555.
Nearly half the people never listened on the radio.
Why would they?
The games are on television, dummy.
That was the point I was trying to get to.
And of course, when Mad Dog was on it, then there was a special reason to listen.
Because they were right here.
And of course, Moe had a dope game himself.
He has his following.
Right.
Less than half the time, 2.99.
More than half the time, 101.
Always 86 and about half the time, 84.
So I fairly, pulkry percentage of people listening, especially for $4.5 million a year for the rights.
So good luck to you guys out on the street, because you'll need it especially with Jimmy Cifalus doing those games.
I still can't get over it.
This isn't the kind of a job where you just pick somebody off the street or you used to play the game.
Well, good.
Here you are.
You're a play by play guy.
It just can't do it.
It doesn't matter.
Okay.
Well, I think it fits right in with the denigration, the disillusion of the organization.
Right.
I think that's what's going on.
I think, well, we got rid of them.
They got rid of us just at the right time.
Everyone look at it.
Okay, here's the poll we sneaked in here this morning.
Only 81 votes.
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm a rant and rave for four hours today about this website thing.
I mean, it's spreaded.
You know, long before we ever had a website, we had a radio show.
It did just fine.
And then we had the website and the radio show still doing fine.
But it's just, it's shocking to me.
It shows you what a stupid old fart I am.
I'm a moron.
I'm an idiot, you know.
I knew he'd agree.
No, man.
At first, I always talk about the fact.
I'm not going to dilute myself in a thinking that we're going to change the world.
Especially I'm a little radio station in some horse ball, South Florida, which is best known for mosquitoes and hurricanes.
But my God, you desparados out there.
Guess what?
There's more nudity on the internet.
So at least right now, there's still is.
It's going to be disappearing pretty fast.
I'll supply it.
It's just all over the place.
The idea that we've lost, I would say 60%.
See when I first started, I thought, well, it's getting close to the 4th of July and it's holidays.
And it hasn't come back.
And it hasn't come back.
And it's not going to come back because about 60%, maybe 70%,
that of our response on a website every day was for the video.
I already told you when Rimmer called me almost 10 days ago.
Oh, what happened to your video?
People that I wouldn't even believe were ever on our website.
One of my accountant guys called me.
Oh, what happened to that video?
Curtin you?
Are you people reading that desperate Jesus Christ?
Him too.
He's probably checking it out.
Who has the most ridiculous head year?
Good said way.
81 votes is over here.
I sneak that in there for like about an hour and a half.
Muslims and of course they're the target doosie or let's pick on them.
We're sure that they're chargers and burkas and that's stuff 34.
Catholic bishops with the red beanies 10, you better admit though they're fashion voice.
They stole the idea from the Jews and then they spruced it up a little bit.
Sure.
Rednecks with in baseball caps 9.
I've always told you I like that the rednecks that something exciting happens like in a ballgame or whatever.
And they pick the cap up and they put it back on their head.
I don't know what that means.
Like, hold on.
They flip their lid.
Is that all that with that?
Sure.
The Hacidin with those big hats ate and boy they smell good in the summertime or what?
No.
Cowboys with a cowboy hat say.
They just watch too many Tom Mix and the Rory Rogers movies.
That's all.
Orthodox Jews with a skull cap 7.
I saw kid walking on the street the other day about 20 years old.
Not a bad looking kid but he had a Yarrow Coddy, a Kippah, whatever the hell they call it.
And I talked to myself, oh why are you doing this?
What is wrong with you?
I brainwashed the course of the answer is obviously yes.
Indians with those turbines.
Now I get confused.
It was I write in this as if the India people or is it the Paki people?
Paki's no more turbines do they?
They're Muslims?
Yes.
Some some kinds of Muslims.
No, no, no.
Indians are not Muslims.
No, they're not.
They don't wear turbines.
You're wrong.
In the olden days.
The Indian cad drivers here all wear turbines.
Okay.
There are no more Muslims.
There are not Muslims.
Listen.
In some cases are.
Remember that's why Pakistan exists in the first place.
Remember it's sprung out of India.
Well I just know the Indians are the only poor.
Anyway, three for that.
Amish with those silly big hats too.
And none for hockey players or football players.
That would be sacrilegious to be picking on them jocks.
They have to protect themselves.
Okay.
Can I put in a quick death here?
Now I wouldn't even mention her because she's a people always say, oh I always talking about dead old celebrities that nobody ever heard of.
But she was in the Bikresons.
And even you know the Bikresons with Donna Michi.
Who?
Oh, Donna Michi.
But I don't know the Bikresons.
Oh geez.
Frances Langford, whose team re-rendition of Am in the mood for love, captivated soldiers when she was part of Bob Hope's US Ultras during WDW2, died Monday at the age of 92.
That's old enough.
Langford had been ill with congestive heart failure and died at her home in Jensen Beach.
Jensen Beach Florida.
Langford, a recording artist radio star and actress in the 30s to 50s joined Bob Hope's troop to boost wartime morale at military bases in hospitals in Great Britain, Italy, North Africa, and South Pacific.
She also entertained new generations of soldiers in Korea and Vietnam.
Even with her hair swept up in a bandana, the 5-1 single was a glamorous vision of home and became known as the sweetheart of the fighting fronts.
She appeared in 30 Hollywood movies including Broadway, Melody, Ankydoodle, Dandy, The Hit Parade.
She played herself in the final of her final film, 54th of the Glitter Mila's story.
She was also known for a popular role as the insufferable wife Blanche opposite Donna Meachy on the popular 40s radio comedy, The Bikresons.
I guarantee you that the bulk of Brian will tell you all about the Bikresons.
I'm sure you will.
He buys you lunch on a Wednesday or whatever day.
Right?
Tomorrow very good.
Okay.
So here you go, Frances Langford dead.
Am I apologizing for mentioning that?
Oh no.
Okay.
So I'm an old fart.
Too bad.
The number of Americans who believe the war in Iraq has made the US less safe from terrorism,
spite sharply after last week's terror attacks in London.
Oh my God.
According to the latest, the CNN USA did a gallop hole as if the American people really know something which most of them don't.
See, these poles, I mean, what's the point?
You know, why do we bother with this crap?
Kill time.
Now, President, he's appropriating.
We want to end up slightly according to the poll of the 2006 Americans concluded Thursday through Sunday.
Most of them were still hung over from the 4th of June.
The poll shows the president's appropriating rose to 49 percent up three points from a poll taken to 0.9 and 30th.
But that change was within the polls margin of error plus or minus three percentage points.
So big deal.
He still ain't doing well.
And of course, even, although for him, he's doing very well at that point.
How come Carl Roved-Bab no back art on death row yet?
That's what I'd like to know.
Did anybody answer that question for me?
Okay.
Obviously, Scott McClendon, you know what I answer?
He got an answer at 85 percent of it.
And he's not going to answer that for the rest of the month because Carl Roved is above the law.
Okay, do you understand?
That's all about above the law.
I am above the law!
That's right.
That's what they're saying at the White House these days.
So don't be messing with the, with a führer.
Okay, here's the poll we're doing now.
All the polls all the time, man.
Don't let me forget when I come back after the break.
I want to spend at least four hours on the thing with the website.
It's not going to do any good.
I can't change human nature.
But if the neo-riders comes here, that was our bad judgment.
And never getting sucked into doing that in the first place.
And then all these punks get on there.
And it's like a daisy to you.
And in the word spreads like, well, remember the Janet Jackson thing?
Oh, yeah.
You were going February.
Sure.
And that was the beginning of it, man.
And all of a sudden we had the busiest day ever on our website.
And we had the pictures on there and there are.
I mean, give a life, okay?
Have you ever seen a breast before?
Have you ever seen a booby?
Have you ever seen anything?
Good, God almighty.
Get a life.
Oh, seriously, it's all scary.
It's just downright scary.
See, it's all right.
Anyway, here's the pool.
Sam didn't get a little too agitated.
But somebody on twice a week call,
Sam, I'm already not going to afford to get all of it up into a friendship.
You don't have a nice lunch.
By the way, I'm using my flavor wave every day.
I just love that thing.
That's great.
We use it at least every other day, at least.
Nothing like making some great bratwurst on that thing.
Oh, God, as you could.
Anyway, the pool today, what media person do you think might be the antichrist?
And so far we got 168 votes, which is pretty weak.
But nevertheless, there's nobody on our website.
There's nobody in town to put those two ingredients together.
And we're just like Dylan.
We're Twitlin and Diddlin is all we're doing.
We're just picking the toaches from between our tozes all we're doing these days.
168 votes.
Rush Limbaugh 69, the antichrist.
Bill Arraile 32, Sean Hannity 22.
Neil Rogers 17, 10% of this crowd think I'm the antichrist.
No wonder they're listening.
Al Franken 10, Michael Savage 8, Bob Novak only 8.
How do you like that?
Only 8 for Bob Novak?
Of course, most of them would like to find out who that is in the first place.
Miss Drudge has only got one and Bullfoot Scriegs got one and that's my vote.
How do you like that?
I'm way down there on the bottom.
No lines to that, please.
Bullfoot Scriegs.
He is the antichrist.
He comes on here yesterday.
They have it in the discretion of Obguantanamo.
And he's saying, oh, just today it was talking about his president Dick Cheney who tells me that it's really good.
He's actually a very lovely place that's a tropical paradise.
How about let's stick your ass in there and welcome you not to your fancy thing through the entertainment.
I'll call you back.
You way down.
Neil.
Yeah.
Which has another appointment to make.
Who will you do?
Sandra Neil, Carter will save.
Who will who?
Saint Elijah and West is leaving you.
Who's pushing forning to praise and praise and praise and praise God?
Who's pushing forning to praise and praise and praise and praise?
Coming for you.
Now that he's just getting around for some women.
Will he point it through like I said,
or write to you?
Go,do.
Who easy can finish their decorated,
were they just together.
Who is this game then?
We did what's right in tune.
Will it be a sea of fantasy?
Or fantasy too?
Who's putting the frame to frame?
The frame to frame for too?
1034, 26, 11 and 5, 60, W.C.
I'm here to ask about the Beaded Courant of course from La Coabana and Hollywood.
George Bush thinks he's the Antichrist, Manson thinks he is, and then whatever that means.
Also I look forward to my day.
Citizens what gets me?
I look forward to my day looking at the Beaded Courant.
I don't even want to come to work.
Love you, Neil and George from La Coabana and Hollywood.
That's the way you have to start today.
Let us suggest you that there's 80 billion just put up the sex.
A hundred people do it, huh?
Right.
Open your email.
Yeah, try not to call it.
Open up your email.
Everything will be pop it up like crazy, man.
All over the place.
I just don't get it.
We had some good stuff on Elle Granchard that there was a lot of quality photos on there.
That's fine. We did the best we could.
But the fact of the matter is that if Nazi regime we have now continue sneaking through these different laws,
and of course you have a spineless Congress, which is controlled by the Republicans anyway.
But they continue putting stuff in there and chilling free speech.
I mean, no, sex thing is free speech anymore, free expression.
It doesn't exist.
It does not exist.
It only exists as a figment of somebody's imagination anymore.
So if you think that anybody connected with this show is going to go to jail so that some of you can get your jollies by seeing naked pictures on a website every day,
and going to happen.
Eric isn't going to be doing it, okay?
They can afford to feed him in there.
So forget about it.
Oh no, we're going to have that back, Neil.
Yeah, and just look at the website.
That close to show you.
I don't know about you, but I've been in total state and delusion.
And finally, when a real eye-opener ran, I knew all about it.
Did you realize that to that extent, to that degree?
Maybe not to that degree, no.
How was that?
Maybe 60, 70% of our response on a website would disappear once the new pictures managed simultaneously.
I mean, it's like a sign of pain, it's an orange gasm.
Because even though it is a pain in the ass when I post the stories from my part, and I know that you do too, I try to find stuff that's interesting.
You bet.
We've done, didn't you, heard it all before?
Right.
It's spicy, something juicy.
I would say that 90% of the stories that we have on the website are not stories that you're going to hear.
If you try on your TV and hear what you see in it or the networks or what you see.
You're not going to hear it.
Stuff from the guardian and smirking chimp and the independent and you're just not going to hear it.
Not establishment propaganda.
And the fact of the matter is, most Americans are very satisfied with establishment propaganda or more likely, don't give a crap about any of it.
So don't be belly-ick at about, oh, there's no more be the curtain.
Just take a look at this show.
Just this radio show.
In the last year and a half, since a year ago, February, since I mentioned the Janet Jackson business, that was used as an excuse by a bunch of fundamentalist lunatic repressive maniacs to start censoring.
To start chipping away at the freedom of speech.
What the hell does that have to do with terrorism?
What does that have to do with keeping people safe?
You can't say that.
You can't play part-tiles.
Look at the number of comedy bits we got here on our computer that we can't even dream of playing anymore.
Yeah.
It's sad.
So just in a year and a half, an American public streets bagger, well, safety, safety, look what happened in London that didn't happen in here again.
Yes, we've got to do with boobs.
The American people collectively are so dumb, it's scary.
And the rest of the world hates America like poison and the people are too stupid to realize it.
Because only 10% of the public's got passports anywhere so they don't go anywhere.
They don't 90% of the people don't ever go anywhere.
So how can you know about the rest of the world when you don't have never been there?
The ignorance is just rampant.
Here's a perfect story for another one from Chicago.
Where's the story about the Virgin Mary under the overpass in Chicago?
Well, they seem to be having an epidemic of Jesus stuff in Chicago.
They're extra blessed.
Although this one is in each Chicago, Indiana, which is like a real, smelly place,
city officials have turned off a street light, that street light.
Okay.
That through more than 250 people to see a shadow that some say resembles the image of Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ.
Each Chicago police chief, Angela Machuka, called an emergency meeting Sunday to recommend the light be turned off and the interest of public safety
after nearby residents complained about blockcars and visitors congregating till 5 o'clock in the morning.
Several are estimated to be in an after-large fight broke out in the area.
While at Jesus, he always did this to a lot of controversy, you know?
The city respects everyone's religious beliefs, but its getting to the point now where it's almost too dangerous to leave the light on, said Daniel and Rico, the city's public relations director.
People have flocked to the site since last Wednesday when a woman first claimed to see the image on the side of a tree.
The image is only visible at night when the street light near the tree is illuminated.
Machuka said, you know, if I were Jesus, I would just come back on the side of a tree in East Chicago, Indiana.
Why not?
Machuka said his department doesn't have the manpower to maintain regular patrols and control the crown.
The light will stay off until we can get some kind of solution, he said.
In other words, aka, just like that.
When it comes to anything, it is new about your new about your new dance.
Where's your body?
She's right here.
Or even loves the Orogyos.
You do not belong in here, you damn cracky ass.
Go smoke your crack, please!
Tonight on ABC, dancing with the stars.
Once we dragged you on the dance floor, you were like a disco machine.
This week, dancing with Mike Tyson.
That's quite charming.
How could you be so careless?
I think he would go. That's my third time.
Stop it!
What's wrong with you?
I'm stupid.
Foolish man.
A fun day on your mama.
Foolish man.
You are a grown-up idiot!
I need to dance with the stars.
I don't need this crap!
I broke my back.
He's the epitome of what America has become, you know what?
Yes, Mike Tyson Land.
All I do is like his chicken.
225 votes on a pool.
Which media person you think might be the anti-Christ?
Rush Limboa 88.
98.
Bill O'Riley 42.
Sean Hannity 24.
The Orogyos 21.
Al Franken 14.
Bob Novak 12.
Michael Savage 11.
Missed Rush.
He's only got two.
Hey, Matt!
You're fair.
And the Wolflitzkrieg's only got my vote.
See, the right answer is in last place.
That's the correct answer.
The other ones are just too obvious.
Yeah.
The anti-Christ.
Just like Jesus is coming back on the side of a tree in the East Chicago, Indiana.
And the same here is true with this.
Wolflitzkrieg, he could be the anti-Christ.
He just...
Man!
There are more people on CNN that just pissed me off.
I'm frying my ass and he's one of them.
And of course, then, at the Sky Miles of Brian.
And I...
You know what I'm saying?
How cute they are?
Oh, yeah.
It's the O'Brien twins anymore.
They're solely that O'Brien and Sky Miles of Brian.
How would they be surprised if they've been brought to O'Brien?
They could dig him, his ass up.
Now this door here, I have a call's been easier because I haven't...
Not on that much no-mo.
Well, we had a jumpa and I...
Yeah, I like it.
That's good start, yeah.
That's...
That's try one or two.
Not too many, they don't think we don't have time to mess around.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I took your advice.
I got out of Florida last week.
Good.
I was only in Maine, but it was...
Good timing, though.
That's good timing.
And there was a rock and roll station in Bangor, Maine that played music I hadn't heard in years.
Rock song.
W-K-I-T and the play...
Where's it called, K-I-T?
I think it was W-K-I-T out of Bangor.
Great music, old pink flooring, stone songs that I hadn't heard played on the radio in 10, 15 years at least.
A lot of living, breathing people.
But the best part about the hotel had the CBC.
Really?
That night, I'd do as I watched the national.
I don't know, I can't remember that ball guy's name.
Who's the leader man's bridge?
Yes.
What a newscast, I mean.
Yeah.
And I'd come back to here and there's nothing but CNN and just the same old schlock.
A bunch of idiots hyperventilating, like Ricky Sanchez during the hurricane.
Yeah.
But did you see Anderson Cooper and his partner going bonkers over the sign blowing down?
Yeah, I saw the whole...
You couldn't have hooded.
All weekend long, there were hyperventilating non-stop.
If they got that excited over the administration and the war, maybe we'd be on better news.
Yeah, right.
Or Carla Roeven, Bob Novak, about the out-of-the-hivalry claim.
In fact, people ought to be on death row.
Maybe somebody would care about it.
They were more concerned about that Ramada inside it was filmed.
And he must have spent five hours on that.
Although David Gregory gave McQuill on a hard time, you know, sir.
I don't know if you caught that.
That's right.
There were several of them gave him a hard time.
You know, something bad in the...
And he said, what did he say?
Said, well, we have no comment.
I think so.
I think one of them should just stand up and say, Scott, how do you sleep at night?
Exactly.
And let it go down a bit.
I want money.
And then, of course, we'd probably never see them again.
But it would be a volsie way to go out.
Have a great day, pal.
I'll be good to you, Neil.
I speak into the CBC, which you just mentioned.
See, we had a good call there.
How do you like that, huh?
Mr. Party Pants.
And by the way, George, chamba.
That's it.
So we go to this thing.
Now, George Watts, did you mention anything about it?
Yeah, of course.
The passionate...
They're great shows on every Sunday night at 10 o'clock on the CBC.
And two weeks ago, we hear another good show on last night about Hollywood
at a Pentagon and about how the Pentagon...
And first of all, the very concept of the Pentagon has got the goal to want to review the scripts of war movies.
This is insanity.
And we're supposed to live in a country that's got free speech and free expression.
And even in the beginning of the show last night, a clip from an old lassie show,
where there was a crash of a small army plane.
And the army was PO because it implied that the army's equipment was less than 100% great.
And therefore, they made them take that part out of the script.
Setsaring lassie.
And you know the whole thing about flit-tune, any anti-war movies about how they wouldn't give any assistance at all.
But of course, it was a glowing pro-war that glamorized war in killing, like Top Gun, for example.
They gave them everything and then some.
That's a good old story.
Sorry, Tom Cruise.
But anyway, forget about that one.
Forget it. Hey Tom.
You're fair.
But anyway, so a week ago, Sunday on a passionate night, they had the world-according to Bush,
which Eric did a brilliant job getting on our website, even click on part one or part two.
I went on a year and I was so excited the fact that we had that honor.
I might as well be twiddling my toes here.
I'm living in a dream world.
This last guy, how many days have been between calls like that?
About 30 minutes.
Somebody that really gives a crap about something.
Like I've always said, you know, you do the best you can.
You live in your life, it's short and joy, but at the same time, don't bury your head in the dark.
And the sand like a freaking ostrich.
And that's the problem with the American people.
They have no concept of what the hell is going on.
And that's why we try so damn hard to put stories on the website that aren't the same weekly reader crap
that you get every day from CNN and MSNBC and Brian Williams, there with his nose out of joy.
You know what really bugs?
There's two things that bug me, even though I do watch NBC Nightly News every night now,
because I will not watch an old Bob Sheefer, Oki-Doki.
But there are two things that really bother me.
And maybe Boca-Briang can get that sound from the NBC News, you know, in the beginning.
You know, I'm talking about...
You know, I'm talking about...
Sure.
You know, I'm talking about...
And it drives me crazy plus the booth announcer on NBC.
He's got to be 174 years old.
You know, those union jobs they have in New York, they have, until they croak.
And so that guy, he's been doing booth announcing on NBC for a sense before how he was a baby.
And at the end of the NBC Nightly News, Brian Williams, you know the voice I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
He can barely even speak anymore.
He's like one step away from George Lillain there, the juicy man.
It's all those juices on the infomercials now.
Jesus, crap.
Mommy, mommy, I'm waiting for him to start doing that one.
And mommy?
And anyway.
So anyway, we put that thing on a website.
And again, people want to see naked pictures.
That's all.
People are desperate.
I don't know.
I'm naked pictures don't do much for me anymore.
And it quite frankly never did.
I want to...
Once you experience the real thing, I see, until you have the real thing, naked pictures are great.
You know, like I used to look at the series catalog before it was born or really available.
I like JC Paddy myself.
Yeah, there you go.
But, you know, once you get the real thing, it's a little more interesting, okay?
Like, like, flesh.
Like, touchy feeling.
Like, doing.
Not looking.
Not wanting.
Doing.
Oh, God forbid.
You know, I'm always talking real perversions.
That's right.
One thing to look at it.
Can't get no disease from just looking at it.
You want a bet?
So that's what they want.
They want the naked pictures on here.
And all these tungsten invaded our...
And, you know, let's look on the bright side.
Like, Mommy Python would say, let's look on the bright side of this thing.
We have flushed out from our website.
All these interloafers who have absolutely no interest whatsoever
in the pearl and the stories that are on there, maybe meaningful things that we put on there,
the cartoons, no matter what we put on it.
See, from this day forward, and of course, it's not by choice, but maybe a good thing.
Our website is going to be like a newspaper, that's all.
Right.
Why the hell should we have naked pictures on it?
Where did that fit in the scheme of this?
It was a draw.
And it was.
Now, I always think draw.
Anywhere you put naked pictures on the website on the internet,
it's going to have a big draw.
So, you know, I just needed a spot off a little bit about that,
because I'm watching these stats on there, and I'm seeing just how ridiculous it is.
You know, we had these days where we had this humongous response,
and I think, well, this is really great.
People are really paying attention.
People are like, they couldn't give a flying crab bless.
We had a big spike on there before the presidential election for about a month and a half.
October and then right up to the election in November.
And then those people all disappeared.
You know, all done.
Bye-bye.
You know, chickens out of the coop, horses out of the barn.
Because that's another thing.
The attention span of the American public is how many seconds?
About 30 minutes.
That's what I would say.
It's not that the American people collectively are such bad people.
It's just that they're not educated people.
They're ignorant.
And when you're ignorant, it's a very sad situation to go through life being so ignorant.
And like the guy said, when you watch the news on the CBC every day,
when you're watching the perspective of what's happening in the world from a more objective,
it is supposed to get in a spoon fed that garbage and that propaganda.
Can you imagine?
Here's a guy on CNN sitting there with a straight face telling the world that Dick Cheney told him
that Guantanamo was really a tropical paradise.
It's a wonderful place.
Clubbed.
They're on vacation.
Yeah, that's right.
They're having a game of old time down there, okay?
You're fairy.
Just like Cheney's lesbian daughter that that preacher so pissed off about.
They took that girl.
And the proper round at the very end.
That show, that two hours should be four.
Every American should be forced to sit and watch that.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
That's what I meant to say.
I just, I don't get it.
I just don't know.
You won't see any of that in the American media.
Because it's exactly the same.
Everything is dollars and cents, man.
And just like this company now, well, we don't want to offend this one.
We don't want to offend them.
So we're just a bunch of horrors.
Although I will say this, that was very thanks to the Humper for telling me.
About that direct deposit.
David, David, see, it's probably too much work on their part, you know?
Plus in that way, they have to cough up the money a little bit early each time.
See, like with Josh's paycheck and your paycheck, they can afford to do direct deposit.
You know, when it's time, nickels and dimes, they can collect that on the street corner.
They can do indirect deposit.
They can put one of their in-bred cousins out there in the street corner with a monkey or a gun grinder.
Yeah.
And they can collect the nickels and dimes.
No problem.
I'll cover that in the back.
Remember the day a couple of years ago when they didn't get the money in for their whole for the entire company?
Yeah.
Well, we have to get deposits on, and so nobody in any of the beastly stations got paid on payday.
And I'm sure you are.
I'm sure you are.
I'm sure I save the memo, the very sympathetic sensitive memo.
Oh, yeah.
From Carolyn Beasley, I do the money.
Carolyn is a special place in hell for people like you, sweetheart.
Carolyn Beasley, my ass.
Well, people should be grateful anyway.
But payday, payrollers and do until they attend the, I don't want to go through the whole thing here.
We're just embarrassing.
And the bottom line is that they just have a real difficult time paying people on time.
You know, it's got nothing to do with what you're making $100 or $1,000 or $100,000.
It's got nothing to do with the amount.
And the fact is when people work for you, payday is payday.
It's not like, well, you know, like if you're working for some little mom and pop drugstore or something.
And while we had a bad week and we'll have to, you know, that can happen.
But really, the bottom line is guess what work we're working for?
We're not working for a major because they're under stock exchange.
They're like a big company.
We're working for a mom and pop broadcasting company.
That's all.
You know what nine oh, it's yeah.
Mom and pop.
That's why we got choice in there now.
The word Nazi.
The word police.
Oh, you can't play the fart sounds.
You can't do this.
You can't do that.
She would know what radio.
Let me say it again.
You wouldn't know radio if you stuck it up her ass and twisted the dial as far as it would go.
She still wouldn't understand what that was all about.
That's a choice.
That's our leader.
So anyway, like I said, direct deposit.
Now, does that kid you paid?
You just get the slip by days ahead of time.
You actually get the money in the bank.
You get the money five days ahead of time.
So in other words, you guys can pay five days before I am in this case, six or seven,
depending on whether my check show is up today.
And by the way, I didn't understand that DHL thing, uh, duff.
Yeah.
He tells me that he said the career was going to deliver.
So I thought like, you know, like a person, now they handed it over to DHL.
So maybe it'll show up.
Maybe it won't today.
Who the hell knows what he's talking about.
Of course, if it doesn't work, I beg your pardon?
It might show up somewhere.
Yeah.
It's all right.
Not necessarily running in my house.
1056, we got the MoMISTER.
No, no, no, no, no.
I bet you he might be running away.
He's going to say something.
Because if he says it, then it'll sound like sour grapes about Jimmy Sifle's own play by flight.
But if I were him, not that he's going to pay any attention to me, I'd be, uh,
just rubbing my highlights together.
When it comes to scoring, we'll do the other four.
Back home.
Sports for you, vice-examination.
We'll do the other four.
Fettum and say cheese.
Just leave him all the way along the shelf.
He lost the younger ones he's telling herself.
When in his age, we're talking about the cold.
Tom Cruise doesn't like our own.
Did you sit on Cruise on all four?
Jump down the couch and roll down on the floor.
Two men inside a round for the dog.
Because that dude is crazy for sure.
Tom Cruise is getting terrible.
And now he's going to marry Katie Holmes.
She was a baby when in very difficult.
And Tom Cruise doesn't like our own.
That's how he's going to marry Katie Holmes.
And side-on-toddler, she will save us all.
He's going to keep her under cruise control.
Because Tom Cruise doesn't like our own.
Tom Cruise is getting terrible.
He's old all right.
Hey Tommy.
It's 11.01.
How's the people in Tommy?
Washington Cardinal Theodore McCurrick was a real right-wing lunatic.
said Catholics don't have to believe in creationism.
Well, isn't that nice to him?
Isn't that lily white to him?
He's a little on the dark side.
The Bible's account of God creating Adam and Eve in the universe in six days.
They don't have to believe in that.
But he told reporters at the end, thanks for whoever facts this.
Because I did see it over the weekend, but didn't print it out.
McCurrick told reporters at the National Press Club that instead of what he called the beautiful story of Genesis,
the ridiculous story of Genesis Catholics can believe in evolution as long as it's understood
who've been guided by God rather than chance.
As long as we understand that.
Right.
The Archbishop of Washington said that that was the view of the late Pope John Paul the tooth,
which was echoed last week by leading European Cardinal, with that funny red beanie.
Cardinal McCurrick said the church cannot accept the belief that this is all on accident,
but he ended it as long as Aaron, every understanding of evolution, the hand of God,
is recognized as being present.
We can accept that.
That's good enough for us.
I do like that.
Thanks, Brian, and Papa to be true.
I mean, now let me ask you this, speaking of that World Record in devotion,
that passion that I think that we went to great time and effort to put on there.
Have you had one call, one fast?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, my God, and wait till you see Paul Wolfowitz, if you're out his hair was bad and fair and high, and I'm glad to see his ass Seriously, where does it begin? Where is there like a colonel? Where is there like a stone that starts like an avalanche? A little something somewhere, you know? This is a state with this crazy fat ass governor who waited until the day after the train bombings in London the Q bombs
and then he said, well, I'm going to drop the whole thing with Terry Sharma, Michael Sharma. Yeah, at a time when he knew it wouldn't get like more than 15 seconds of time on the news. Of course, when you come right down to it, what's gotten more time on the news? Carl Rove and Valerie Plame and all this other scandal that's going on right now, which is a million times worse than Monica G. This is a federal crime outing of a CIA agent, which has gotten more time back or they're run away bride. Is it even a crime?
Not even that or the what you call in there in a rubah, the missing tuba in a rubah, that bimbo, which by the way, the guys are crazy guy that Dutch kid he's he's been a fighter.
They said, that's the last I don't care about the story before I still don't care about it. And this is it spoon fed crap. And the media decide, what are tremendous diverseness is man?
They've got to be salivating at the White House over this the way the media just plays right other hands.
Republicans took aim at Senator Hillary Clinton, Rodham Clinton on Monday for the talk about this. Oh nice going, Hillary always liked her, you know what, that bitch.
They took aim at her on Monday for a speech comparing President Bush to Mad Magazine's struggle faced Alfred E. Newman, what me worry kid.
A Republican National Committee official said the former First Lady was part of today's angry and adrift Democratic Party, while a spokesman for one of her potential 2006 Senate rivals said she was guilty of insulting the president. No, no way. The truth isn't an insult.
At a time when President Bush and most elected officials are focused on the security of our nation, Mrs. Pencyn is focused on taking on partisan jabs and promoting her presidential campaign, added near off Geopiche Chairman Stephen Mineric.
Her priorities are clearly out of whack. Clinton's attack on the President came Sunday during speech in Colorado. You go Hill.
I sometimes feel that Alfred E. Newman is in charge in Washington, Clinton said during the inaugural last spin, ideas best of organized by the astronauts to do the nonpartisan thing.
Thank the former First Lady, you were laughing the crowd when she described Bush's attitude toward tough issues with Newman's catchphrase, what me worry.
It wasn't the first time Clinton like in Bush to the Mad Kid in April, she told the New York Daily News reporters and editors were in a very dangerous physical situation in this administration as Alfred E. Newman, what me worry.
As Clinton gears up for a Senate re-electron race in New York next year and possible White House bid in 2008 where attacks on Bush have become sharper. In her speech Sunday, she accused the president of damaging the economy by overspending, while giving tax cuts to the rich, depriving US soldiers of equipment needed to fight the war in Iraq and cutting funds for scientific research. All sounds real to me.
Ice going, how are we okay? She and Howard Deener about the only one she got a big pair and believe me from what I hear, she's got a huge pair.
Great.
WQAM, hello.
Well, I'll give you a great sense what we got to do a hockey show. I'll call Rimmer.
QAM.
Not there on line three. Well, that's where it goes. WQAM, hello. They're busy.
Jamba.
They're so busy that they would waste the time. That's what gets me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular.
WQAM, hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm very upset about the lack of mainstream media coverage on the on the fat boy, not not Jeff, but like Carl. Yeah.
I mean, I guess what's disturbing about is I actually read a report on an MFNTC where
those lawyers defend him by saying that he actually spoke to the special prosecutor and he's been told that he's not the target. I guess right.
I mean, he's a special prosecutor, but he's giving the the the Bospole perpetrator. I guess the inside scoop on the right. I guess I'll let you know how independent he is. It was a
Kaka.
Good luck to us, pal.
For two years, the White House has insisted that presidential adviser Carl Roe had nothing to do with the leak of his CIA's office as an identity.
And President Bush had said the leak would be fired, but Bush's spokesman wouldn't repeat any of those assertions Monday in the face of Roe's own lawyer saying that his clients spoke with at least one reporter about
a valid replay of his role at the CIA before he was identified in newspaper column. Roe described the woman to a reporter as someone who apparently works at the CIA according to an email obtained by Newsweek magazine.
White House press secretary, Scott McCall and refused to discuss the matter. It's too news for you to exist today. He said he wouldn't comment because the leak is the focus of a federal criminal investigation.
The prosecutors overseen the investigation of express. See, this is a bunch of crap because they had a meeting as Joseph Wilson pointed out in that documentary if any of you would have watched it. They had a meeting at the White House. The Dick Cheney got together and they decided this is the way they were going to retaliate at Joseph Wilson because he wouldn't go along with their phony and West Uranium story.
They have this. Yeah, that's right. This is the way they were going to get even with him. Oh, his wife is CIA. Well, that's out her ass. Okay, that'll teach him put him in his place. That'll put their lives in jeopardy.
The prosecutors overseen the investigation and expressed their preference to West. That one way to help the investigation is not to be commenting on it from this podium recolon said in response to a garage of long overdue questions about Roe and the previous White House denials.
These mum they got their lips are sealed. Okay, and when it's convenient for them, they say nothing. Okay, just like the Nazis, they don't have to say anything propaganda. That's all you're going to get spoon fed propaganda.
WQAM. Hello. Yes, no, I'm just wondering why the country is not in the outrage about Karl Rose and his doing. I mean, we have an investigation on a guy on a guy getting a little DJ action in the office spent $70 million.
Yeah, we've been people to war. We have American dying every day. It's getting work by the minute. There was never any weapons of mass destruction. There was never any Iranian.
This is a president who ought to be impeached. This is an advisor. His ought to be in jail right now. Bob Novak and Judith Miller. All she already is a both along in jail and the public is more like this. They're busy.
What about nonsense about garbage? Oh, this doesn't was elected. This just reelected on the problem on gay marriage. That's what got the right wingers out of vote. They can't less about the Iraq situation.
They just wanted them to not deny white. The free people. This is disgusting and it's getting worse by the men. Well, it's a kind of general fascism. And you used to it. I'm not used to it. I tell you what, if we have another G.O.P. White House, I might move to Canada. You know, the land of the free.
I wish to do it right last night to see what he had to say about Karl R. Nesting. Now one thing in his talking points. He's busy doing a lot of heavy breathing. Hang in there, Paul. I'll see you at the border. Okay. We'll check your passport.
This is a story I find most amazing. Bob drill exercise simultaneously occurred as London attacks.
Huh? Coincidence? Now this is from the Algae Zero website. I just cost you one now. Uh oh. But it says a consultancy agency with government and police connections was running a drill exercise for an unnamed company which revolved around the London underground being bombed at the exact same time at locations as was happening in real life on the seventh of July.
In a BBC radio five interview, which was aired on that very evening July 7th, the host interviewed Peter Power, managing director of visor consultants, a firm which labels itself as a crisis management advice company. Also known as PR firm, Peter Power was a former scholar in the artificial working at one time with the anti terrorist branch. Peter Power, kind of like Peter Puck.
So Pfizer's managing director told the video shows that at the exact same time as the London bombings were taking place, his company was running a 1000 person strong exercise drill in which the London underground was being bombed at the exact same locations at the exact same times as having a real life.
It's just like a coincidence to me. And it's got it's got the transcript of the interview right here. It's stories on our website. I'm sure it isn't there will be. Yeah, we'll be as soon as Josh gets around to it. Okay.
He's got some issues again. He'll get into it. By the way, when you see the size of that check. Um, um, right. Let me just read just a little bit of okay. Okay. Peter Power asked. He says in half past nine this morning, we were actually running an exercise for a company.
Over a thousand people in London based on simultaneous bombs going off for precisely at the railway stations were at happen this morning. So I have the hairs on the back of my neck standing up right now. The host says to get this quite straight.
You were running an exercise to see how you would cope with this and it happened while you're running the exercise power answers precisely. And it was about half past nine this morning. We planned this for a company and for obvious reasons. I don't want to reveal their name, but they're listening and they'll know it.
And we had a room full of crisis managers for the first time they'd met with. And so five minutes we made a pretty rapid decision that this is the real one. And we went through correct drills and activating crisis management procedures to jump from slow time to quick time thinking and so on.
The fact that the exercise mirror the exact locations in times of the bombings goes beyond it to being your coincidence. According to power, the deal focused on simultaneous bombings.
At first, the bombings were thought to have been spread over an hour, but that was later confirmed by police as being wrong. And that in fact, the bombings were only seconds apart, therefore simultaneous.
We didn't weep. Okay. Not because you probably won't because there's no naked pictures on there anymore. I can get all that out of shape. I can work myself up and we'll let you about that. The fact of the matter is I don't think there's anybody. You and I, we watched that thing.
Of course, I saw it on TV the first time I did watch it again. We're the core into bush and we put it on there like an like an exercise. Sure. That's all. Hey, look at this. This is really an eye opener. Okay. This is the stuff that your Jones and for that your people keep telling us you're not going to get from your main screen network. There it is. You watch it. Enjoy it. You like it. You get anything out of it. No. But where's the naked pictures?
What it comes to sports. The sport.
Sports video.
Forward to a worse world. Secondly, we got to make sure the community college system and higher education itself is eliminated to the best extent possible.
I tell you why I think colleges are market oriented places of higher education. They're affordable. They're accessible and they're able to adjust to demands of the local economy.
That is bad news for America. Now is the time to take on this important task.
So that we start getting it right. There is nothing worse in the school system.
Fully preparing our citizens for the jobs in the future.
This nation must never strive for the best and leave behind a better America for our children and grandchildren.
God bless.
The right way is right.
The right way is that we've got a more on a dummy and half who feels to the half of the electorate who has done more than he is.
And he's right.
Well, here's the facts finally. Okay, we got one.
Thank you for the role of going to Bush. It's as wise no back in jail for a long time. We all yada yada.
I hope Carl will be in the cell next to him, etc.
Thank you both for all you do for us. I'm surprised you didn't say, where is the vacant pictures?
Oh, come on. I'm sure it's implying.
Well, thank you for the facts. There's at least a somebody who cared enough to send a very rest.
Actually, obviously didn't watch the thing. I realize it's two hours. I realize it's the middle of the summertime.
It's hotter when hell. There's another named tropical storm on the way. And all this stuff will just finish with another hurricane.
Exactly. It's hotter and hell. It's too hot to be outside. So, right.
They want like tickles a little bit. They just ran. I'm not going to do it.
I'll let you tickle him three days a week. Okay. I'm pissed off and fired up. I'll go get my tickle stick.
I am so sick and terribly American.
Media especially living, you know, when you're living outside of it a little bit, you can look with a different perspective.
You realize all you're getting is propaganda, baby. If you're happy with propaganda, if you're happy with getting brainwashed and just lap it up, just suck it right up.
How's that pool coming? What media person do you think might just be the Antichrist?
299. Look at the votes you're pouring in on this website. One at a time. Holy cow rat man. One at a time. 302 now.
I want you to stop and ask yourself this question. All right. For example, on the pool.
And I realize it's the middle of dog days. It's the middle of summertime. A lot of people are gone. But nevertheless, what does the pool have to do with the picture of the Bd curtain being there or not?
See what I'm saying? So, in other words, the fact that the Bd curtain is not there, there's no longer the maggot magnet that we had before.
There's only one word I can think of that describes that. Only one that comes close and you know what the word is?
That's pretty pathetic. Oh, okay. So now we have to it's like we have to start all over again. We have to like we in the audience away from a little bit of flesh on there, which quite frankly.
102 votes. Rush Limbaugh 125 Bill O'Reilly 50 Sean Hannity 34 Neil Rogers 27 8.9% of this audience think I'm the Antichrist.
Oh, man. Right. I made my mark. Al Franken 23, Bob Novak 20, Michael Sabade 18. Miss Matthew Rush. He's got three Matt Duffer. Screamer. You flamer. And Wolf looks great. Find a guy. Another one's got two votes, who tells us that.
Uh, got get more is a paradise. It's wonderful there. Sure. So if it's so great there, why don't they send his ass down there? That's what I'd like to know.
You not see bastard man. I can just see him with those big stormtrooper boots on you know in a big, big circle. The hobnail boots.
Oh man. Here's a fact that says I came up with a way to attract attention to Valerie Planger Wilson, Pearl Rolfi, and I just published a vanity fair photo of Val and Joe on your site.
Yeah, here's the here's the URL. Tidilating enough to get the mouth readers attention. It says I make good use of the articles, put it on your site. Thanks for the service. It may be the most relevant concise continuum out here. I agree with you. Okay.
George and I and even little Josh there on days when he feels like it all was a little more. Yeah, we're working on a soft to try not seriously. So we just spend the night. I would they at least on that stuff. And then before I go to bed at night, I see if there's like any new stuff, especially like local stuff.
Takes me like to on the slow reader. But man, oh man. I mean, we're just, you know, what's the use just throw your arms up and you're saying, listen, at least the checks clear. When they show up, I wonder if that check showed up yet. You think?
I don't have any email here confirming that the check showed up yet. Duff. Oh, when he told me you were sitting right there, weren't you? When he told me about the HL? Sure. I don't understand that I don't believe what company uses. I'm pretty important. It's what this company uses. See, when somebody says to me, career, I'm assuming like, you know, like a private. I know a guy.
They have career services where like people like real living and people as opposed to putting on a truck with 7,000 other packages.
This is my money. Duff. This is my pay. This is my check. This is what they owe me today is the truck that you lie. Okay. I'm thinking if I don't have an email by noon saying that that check showed up by noon, you might just be doing the last two hours today. I'm not saying no, no, no, play. Remember that one day? I just played music all day. I'll keep you up. Look.
It's just ridiculous that a company that fancies itself is being like a real broadcasting company and there's supposed to a bunch of hillbilly mugwamps that want to pay people on fun. Well, it was sitting around every time. There's a different story. Okay. Guess what folks, when people work for it, they don't want a story on payday. They want to check it. In my case, a big fat one. That's what I want. A big fat one.
The church would like one too. In fact, he laid it up right now if he had it. God. And it's always like, you know, what else? Nobody might have come of a who's department is it? Okay. Who's in charge over there? Who's running the joint?
If it's engineering, well, it's not my department. It's the sales. If it's copy. If it's a guy, it's just a man. And I will say this. Duff is the only one you can talk to because ain't nobody else in that place going to be anything done for you. He's the only one you can talk to.
Yeah. And even then it's like, wow, but it would be better. You know, the old the old shuffle. Never seem to do the shuffle. Let's go. Oh, and him and get one last Thursday. They didn't help a shuffle together. I can't tell you what else they were going.
Senate committee calls FEMA 80 disaster sites fraud and rampant way study like that. And the meantime, they're always raven about, oh, FEMA was there right away. And what a great job. Thanks to Governor Jeb.
As Hurricane Dennis board on on Florida, US Senate committee demanded the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA fix serious shortcomings and nations disaster aid program. Then they enabled they county residents to collect millions of dollars last year. That was for a storm that struck 100 miles north.
In a letter, Friday, the agency chief Michael Brown, Senator said those shortcomings allowed taxpayer dollars to be wasted and listed 19 improvements. They believe FEMA must make the call for reform came from the state.
Senate committee on Homeland Security and governmental affairs, which released its official findings from a seismic investigation of FEMA. The panel began examining disaster assistance payments and response reports in the Sound Photos Uncertainle showing that FEMA handed out $31 million to date residents for Hurricane Francis. The Labor Day weekends during that cause little damage in the county 31 million.
We'll take it. Yeah, I'll take it. Take it right here. That's your government in action again. And the public says, we'll take it.
Dolphins make Michael arrested following alleged altercation with wife. You know something that dolphins. They've got some serious problems. You know, as you look back, over the gangster fish, wouldn't that be a good name for them? They want to change their image a little bit. The geez.
Yeah, the geez, the gangster fish. I like it. They've had so many gangsters on that team over the years are coaxed orders and taught sellers and wife beaters and of course, the meat was underwood and hurt anybody except himself right to slices neck. And just just a lot of kind of like, what were the crazy people? There was old Bobby Humphrey and all these people on that phone is going to be a fax or something very important in there.
We think that I'm not passing maybe it's not a phone, not not that I see dolphins. Tyden Randi, MacMichael is facing charges for the second time in 13 months for allegedly hitting his wife.
MacMichael was arrested early Saturday morning in Columbia County in Grove Town, Georgia. After witnesses told police he'd given his wife, Kowana, a bloody nose.
The 26 year old MacMichael was taken to Columbia County detention center where he was charged with simple matter in criminal trespass.
MacMichael was released just before 7 a.m. Saturday after posting a $20,000 bond according to jail records. We certainly don't condone the contact which has been alleged and we recognize the seriousness of the charges. However, we will not make a specific comment about this matter until we gather more information.
Dolphins, coach Nick Savon said in the statement yesterday. Of course, he ain't saying much. Nick Savon. He's mom.
I'm thinking 3 and 13 sounds like the number for this dolphin season. That's not about right, Josh? Yeah, maybe 4.
Corn of the police report, MacMichael acknowledged he had two glasses of wine and several beers before arguing with his wife. I refused to take a field breathalyzer test.
Kowana, MacMichael 22 told police to contact with her husband was an accident as he was throwing similar belongings out of their 84 Cadillac Coupe de Ville.
In that little bit on the dated side, maybe two good shape, maybe they had 25 inch rims on it.
He had four witnesses told police they saw MacMichael show his wife from the car. One witness told police he saw the athlete throw his wife away from the vehicle several times.
Kowana, MacMichael was treated at the scene. Prosecutors decided nothing about charges after MacMichael was arrested in June 2004 accused of hitting his wife.
Nick Michael had been charged with aggravated battery on a pregnant woman, a second to refellowning that's punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
All right, ready. You go. Man, 27 past 11 at 5, 60, 72, and I can't wait to find out who that was. It's probably a very important package downstairs.
Let's hope. Maybe it's a chip from Edmick Manon, in which case, get that music cranked up. Yeah, I got it. I got it.
Music like, did you get a good night's sleep last night? Not too many shows actually have music to go with a spot where you toss it and turn it all out.
I'll sleep it all.
Music
If you're tired of that small cramped bed, send a step up to a new queen or king size bed from our friends at Dallas, Macris.
When you call 1-800 Macris, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same day delivery.
You choose the date and time in a tour window seven days a week between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. and guess what? They show up when they tell you to, when you want them to.
Dallas Macris carries a complete line of silly and certain Simmons, King Quiles, turns and foster and their everyday low prices and deep stock make your shopping a breeze, a piece of cake.
When you call 1-800 Macris, you'll speak with an expert bedding consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest a style and comfort level that is perfect for you.
These folks know the bedding business inside of. Just about all of us here at QM Sling, like a baby on Dallas Macris bed, you ought to be doing the same.
Call 1-800-Matris or check them on the wicked web at macris.com.
Dial on macris 1-800-MATTRES leave off the last mess because it stands for sensational stew-pinders savings.
Wake up to introduce yourself.
Wake up to introduce yourself.
Pay your first in LA.
Wake up to introduce yourself.
Sport Video Fighters.
QM I stand in front of you now, two years later and say it took me a little while, a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's radio. You are the truth.
It's a goal, baby.
I like it when you don't enjoy.
It's really easy.
Yeah, it's a way you know it.
It's heaven, it's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
I think you'll be with it.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
It's a goal, baby.
That's what I do.
Oh, wow, wow.
Wake me up, baby.
I don't enjoy my doing it, but it's a goal, baby.
One time, one time, two times.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I never said no to the door.
No wait, you're doing it just the door.
I'm sure it was just a good call.
Some good news.
I mean, you know, it just was.
Okay.
And then even more good news is that my check showed up.
And I've got two emails, one for my house saying that the check showed up at 10.30 this morning.
And then one for Duff who's got her thing in a ringer now.
You're fair.
That's a relaxed stuff.
Thank you very much.
You're a demand.
And I just get you saying he's the only one you can count on.
That's right.
We love him.
Now he says it showed up at 10.27.
So I see the scrumptancy there between 10.27 and 10.30.
Okay.
Not a bit, Nick.
No, no.
So the check showed up on the 12th of July.
Let's hear it for bees.
They broadcasting.
Baby, can they do it or what?
No.
They suck.
DNA tests on a mask and purer shorts will not convict or exonerate Lionel.
They'll take the charges.
You run the pizza delivery man at gunpoint.
I wonder if the pizza delivery man is related to the Mr. Mollman.
You think?
Looked a little similar.
An allegation that could send the team back to prison for life.
He's just a problem child.
You know what?
I think we started looking at the mama.
He's troubled.
No, I'm serious.
Let her look at the mama.
What does she work for the FHP?
That's right.
I'm not too keen on her.
No.
Prosecutive of a 7 pages of documents is today detailing the results of forensic tests which
were inconclusive.
It's not very helpful when we were others to have a conclusive defense attorney Jim Lewis.
There's still a lot of questions about who the robber is.
I still believe in Lionel.
I don't believe he was the robber.
And the question of course is, were there antivasers or not?
I don't think he'd be eating no antivas.
Do you?
Who eats antivasers anyway?
I don't know.
Anybody who likes antivasers or pizza?
Never.
Josh?
I've never met any.
We ordered them as a larf once.
We didn't really know what we were getting into and nobody was down with it as they could.
I said to camp.
Yeah, exactly.
No, no, seriously.
I don't know any human that actually likes antivasers.
And once in a while they'll order a pizza and you know how they take the ingredients and
they like to toss this thing over.
Yeah, yeah.
And you can tell that they're like a little trace of anchovy got in there.
Like for me, that's it.
That's the end.
They got it too close to the anchovy bit.
Exactly.
Too close to the bad pile.
Detectives gathered DNA from 11 objects related to the May hold up, including pizza boxes
and a black mask and a pair of maroon shorts.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that pizza delivery, you guys are going to get on Friday the answer is, oh!
When you told me that before the show this morning, I don't know what made me angrier.
That or Wolf Blitz, where he told us about what a lovely place to hunt on him always.
I just don't understand people.
You know, it's one thing to get used and abused.
Just ask Kathy Willa, she'll tell you.
Used and used and abused until finally you feel like you just like an old piece of shoe leather, like an old sponge.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, Kathy!
Man, she, I wonder if anybody wanted to do her.
I mean, she had the nastiest completion, you know.
I don't know about you.
Yeah, I don't know.
She was a model, ugly bitch.
Model, that, that, that, see, it's one thing to be a model, but she was a model with two T's.
Models could, like, like, what do they call that?
Isn't there a, a, a name for that, like, in pedagore?
So what is that thing?
Were they like, were your skin is like all sun-stried?
Yeah, sun-stried.
They call it sun-stried.
Oh, I think she was like fried, sun.
She had a complexion like, cheap, thread beef.
Working with partial strands of DNA and each sampled the barricade of Sheriff's Office crime lab.
Couldn't statistically narrow the results enough to definitely point at Tate or anybody else.
DNA gathered from the mass could have belonged to Tate, the 16-year-old defense suspect, or one in six other men according to the test results.
The sample plucked from the room sure it's could not have belonged to the 16-year-old, however it could have belonged to Tate or one in our 40 other men.
Well, let's just go out there and get 40 other men and see which one of them done it.
God, I was speaking to who'd done it.
Rochester, my hometown, who was on TV last night, talked about what was done.
Cherry was on us on show, getting interviews, speaking to Sard Griggs.
And he said in his favorite city of all the places he ever worked was when he coached in Rochester.
How do you like that?
And I thought to myself, boy, he's losing it.
Someone urinated in the holy water at a suburban Rochester near a Catholic church.
How do you like that?
I must have been Satanists.
And I guess the Pope is pretty pissed off.
Four local teens have been charged with that and other vandalism.
Monroe County Sheriff's Deputy said the teenager smashed wine bottles against the walls,
left bicycle skid marks on it.
So I never should have doubted Duff coming through one of the things.
I'm serious.
I don't want to suck up a little because that would be very dangerous.
But he's the only person we got.
That's all we got.
There's nobody.
Who else you got to go to that?
Janitor?
Who are you going to talk to when something doesn't get done?
Because you've got a bunch of lung heads running around in there.
Thank God, Janitor's back.
No more vacations, Jan.
Back there and accounting.
At least he wants the money, gets it done right.
What kind of a way is that to go through life?
That every payday having to sit on pins and needles as a check coming through or not.
You know?
I mean, in your case, does it really make much of a difference?
It makes every bit of difference.
Right.
Every time you make a difference.
You know, you don't keep all your money in a check-in account, right?
Who me?
No, anybody.
If you got a brain.
You don't want money.
Well, all your money.
All the big books you got, you kid me.
All those appearances you used to do and everything you used to.
You know what I'm going to do.
All that stuff that Fat Boy was making you on the side.
Monroe County Sheriff's Deputy said the teenagers smashed line bottles against the walls,
lift bicycles, skid marks on a carpet, empty the fire extinguishers,
and burn cigarette holes in the same pieced attempt church.
Damage is estimated at 17 grand.
Charged our 18-year-old Dan Secley, I have what the names are not.
All are charged with burglary and criminal mischief, both felies.
They were released to their parents.
They peed in the holy water, which I say.
Oh my God, he made these and was done in the exorcist.
They'd all probably still be alive today.
It was tap water.
Remember that?
Oh no, one of the church hated that movie like Poison.
It was such a mockery and rightfully so of all that.
I mean, you tell me a religion that's got as many rituals as the Catholic church
and I'll give you like 45 bucks.
Can you tell me any?
No, I don't.
I don't know.
I mean, everything from the crossing yourself and the holy water and the beads and the hill married.
I have to go to an orthodox service or I choose to see if they can compare.
They're not even in the same league.
The dovin'ing and all that?
Yeah, that's true.
They do have rhythm and the SNM gear.
567-0560, 05-066.
Let's get a few calls and your before Moe comes along.
I was coming up at 2 today, Moe.
And I see, I don't know, because I'm not listening on that thing in your attention.
And rightfully so.
But I'm really curious as to whether he's got something to say about that whole Jimmy Cypherlist thing,
because yesterday was a big breathless announcement and a sunset on the
herald day covered it like I was with a blanket like it was big news you know
like it was and to me I'd like keep it quiet myself and you notice how they
went into like the 11th of July to make the official announcement even though
we had it on like two weeks ahead everybody in town knew what it was gonna be
and we just kept thinking oh this is about to be like a decoy you know they're
bringing in Mark champion they're just they're just fun enough to bring in like a
real broadcaster but why if you have a real broadcaster you probably ought to have
friends
Never really know who will best have you
It identifies with the goal with you
Oh you're seeing it can't see
I've seen that hundreds in the pockets
Catch me, he'll turn
Catch who I want to face
Oh I want you to be heavy
Catch me, he'll turn
She has so much more money
I want you to be heavy
What's the big stimulus with those people anyway?
Where did that come from? That disease?
The hill?
They decided they wanted to be famous
So I was able to have enough money
So I got the FSU quarterback has got Lyme disease, you see that guy?
Yeah sure, that's for a drug problem
Really ticks me off
Are you suggesting that an athlete has got a drug problem?
No, Lyme disease makes you claim like your god and bark like a dog
Oh that quarterback, the one that was lined in the middle of the road with his...
Knows how to join?
Yeah, Lyme disease
Right, so in other words you're not buying it
Sounds like a cover up to me
Yeah that's only because it's FSU
If you would have been the UAM, you would have been seeing it
And let me ask you this, by the way, since Hank was talking about baseball this morning
The lack of black players
How many black players are on the Hurricanes team?
You talking about the baseball team?
Yes
One?
Yeah
Okay, and then the six years that I did, I can think of Calvin James was a damn good outfielder
And a good hitter
And let's see who else did we have?
We had that we... that could play for his race was Latino
Yeah, most of them who you think are black are actually black players
From the Caribbean?
Right
I don't know where he was going with that
You know, it's the middle of the summer like somebody said and it's kind of boring
And let's get everybody whipped up
But why does everything always have to be a racial thing?
You know, I don't see or anybody crumbling
There's like six white guys in the NBA
Well, what's the big deal? Okay
Whoever can play they play
And I think that this whole business of like holding out
Oh, you're going to be a star athlete and make millions to black
To young black, you know, it's ridiculous
I mean the chances are one and a million at any of those kids are going to wind up
You know, praying for whatever the sport is
So let me go to start screaming about how many pro hockey players there are
How many are there?
3rd man
Speaking of hockey by the way, let's do a hockey show
What do you say, huh?
Tomorrow's the big day by the way
Remember, remember, when we told us it was going to be last Tuesday?
Did he?
Now they're saying it's going to be tomorrow
Gildi didn't believe me and he was right
Nice going, Gildi
Gildi, be on it floor right after mode today
3rd man
You think they're going to be a confagulating?
Mo and Gildi go, do they hate each other?
Like what?
Let me ask you this, who do you think this is a tough one?
In fact, maybe we got to do a poll on this
Is there a good poll idea for you?
Okay, who do you think there is the greatest hatred between an MQIM?
In other words, what two people do you think have the greatest hate for each other?
Hmm, not a good question?
Sure
There's a poll for tomorrow
I think you should do that
Okay, we'll do that on Thursday
Why should I?
Because I'm such an Ojohn provocateur, such a hateful piece of crap
Because they can't do anything
Because in the anti-christle, almost 9% of the audience says what?
Because they can't do anything to you for stirring stuff up or saying it
Oh, I see it
Because you're like wimping out, is that when you're in doubt, you're in a wimpset
Oh, in your contract, I'll say a whole bunch of stuff
Alright?
You're the mud of the same
You're so full of crap, you're saying far more than I ever say on you
Oh yeah
You know, that's good
You didn't want it anyway, then you then you're going to fire it
I like this the way from Boston
I can take some more calls here, but I don't know
I just, I feel like I'm on a roll here
I feel like I'm rolling it
Oh, speaking of rolls, let me do this story first
Because it ties right in with rolls
This is about the man in the toilet episode that we had
Remember that story last week?
The man in the main?
A man arrested two weeks ago after being pulled from an outhouse toilet in New Hampshire
He has landed him in hot water and Maine
Gary Moody, I wonder if he's Kim DeWood, John Moody who drives at Hazel Park
Gary Moody, 45, appeared Thursday in court on charge of violating his probation by leaving the state
And allegedly committing new crimes
Moody, a convenience store owner denied the allegations and remained free after posting bail
Moody has been free on $250 bail from Carol Kelly, New Hampshire
Where he faces two counts of disurly conduct and what kind of criminal trespass after being forced to in 26
And the waist tank of a... after being found June 26
And the waist tank of a pit toilet on US Forest Service property in Albany, New Hampshire
Authorities arrived at the scene after 48
I don't like New Hampshire, there's just something about it
You know, the only time it was ever in New Hampshire was it rocking hand park in Salem, New Hampshire?
Not my favorite place
Authorities arrived at the scene after a 14-year-old girl heard a noise in the toilet and saw a face-looking up at her
Moody was a moody
I hate that when Gary noise in the toilet, you know what?
Moody was moved by police and was hosed down by firefighters before being arrested
I got a very disturbing story and let me ask you this, how does a big horse fly?
Because I live in a high-rise condo
Uh-huh
And a fairly like, you know, upper floor, how does a big horse fly get in my condo?
Does they have this?
Well seriously, where are the windows open? It's 180 degrees in the shed, I'm sure you're not open in the windows these days
They hitch to ride somebody taking the elevator, they, you know, just under the floor
What is that?
There was a big horse fly under my flavor wave there that I was cooking a bratwurst for dinner
He might have come up on the back of your neck or something
And I see that damn thing there and, uh, man
Of course, one thing about big horse fly and see there's a big difference between like a house fly
People get confused, because I'm a fly expert, I've seen a few in my time, that's what I heard
And, um, a house fly is much smaller, but a horse fly is like about twice the size
So you know, you're pissed, that's only the way you go
Right, you know, because you lived in Montana, you probably see a lot of horse flies
It is a hear down by the canal, man, they're big in the lead
Really? Yeah, absolutely
And they like move very slowly, they're like a phargic, they're like, you know, some people we have on the ear
They're very lethargic
And so, uh, it's just move very slowly and so I knocked it around a little bit and finally it's our crawl on the floor
The damn thing didn't want to die, so I just stomped on it
But it's dead, but I just thought that was kind of like straight, but you're right and I start thinking about it
I think I can come in the elevator and make a circuit with a strip and then of course that flavor wave
So being a panic first that I am, I put that all the parts except the very top, the cooking part
I put in the microwave, yeah, I put in the dishwasher, I would never use my dishwasher, you know
But I did, good
And I think what's just like brand new right now
Now what is this story here?
Grab your cues, they're failing to see a child fall from car
Nashville, a woman was ordered jailed on child abuse charges last week after she allegedly failed a notice that her unrestrained toddler had tumbled out of her cars around her curb
Now there's an idea for you George, yeah
The child suffered cuts and bruises was rescued from the street by civil passes by
Besides child abuse, Laura Honda McMillan, that's her name, Laura Honda McMillan, 23
Was booked on charges of child neglect reckless engagement driving out of the influence
She told the judge that she's been under a lot of stress and is battling a cocaine addiction
How do you like that?
How's she doing with that?
She's doing it, she's having a rift snort and good, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh... oh... no, uh...
and I think we were close. He's trying to get it. I think what she's trying to get
is our law enforcement people in our military are not taught to find things or
look at it. I see. So now let's get our focus on it. 396 votes on the poll.
What do you think of Vasily? They're Josh or what?
Probably. If we multiply times 10 and yeah. What media person you think might be the
anti-Christ. Now they look there's they want to see the naked picture. We took them
away. The government is trying to put everybody in jail and that's the end of that.
There's John Kerry. He is an issue here and I believe very clearly. Call Robo
to be fired.
And I'm going to join a little bit too late. Too little too late. I'm not.
There's Hillary. I said we're going to say a swarm of men of the Republican
leadership told me a few moments ago that he thinks this is overheated rhetoric.
Right. It's always overheated rhetoric. It wasn't overheated when bubble was
getting those BJs. That was okay. But now it's overheated rhetoric because the
tables have turned man and you ain't seen nothing yet. In spite of all the crap
about the missing girl in Aruba and the crap with the runaway bride, all
of the garbage and the Hilton's and all this swill. In spite of all that you'll see
this is going to blow up like a gigantic water balloon right in their
posts. Anyway 396 votes. Who what person you think of the media might be the
anti-Christ?
Rochlin Ball 167. I'm going to tell you one thing we've discovered.
And all these polls that we take. This audience hates that fat pill pop
and hypocrite like crazy. Yeah. I mean like so in other words you have no
vote though on the other thing I suggested about who hates you or think about it.
Oh I'm taking. Bill O'Rally 65 and I see a lot of people would say me and Mo.
That's right. That was my first thought. But I don't think so no Mo. No.
Now he's you know he is what he is. Sean Hannity 42. Neil Rogers 34.
Eight and a half percent of this audience thick on the anti-Christ and got him
high part of that. Al Franken has got look what Al's got.
About 30 men Bob Novak 26. Michael Savage 21. Miss Rudge he's only got six.
You better watch he's got and Wolf Blitzweaks up to five now to 396.
Oh you're not finishing up saying anything. Not saying anything except.
Well that investigation is ongoing. The White House is not going to
comment on it. Yeah he reminds me to a little bit of a real pleasure.
He reminds me of a real pansy. The Scablin.
Fundament. See a little. I see you. No comment.
These these this crab reminds me of the Nazis. There's a lot of closeted.
The Joe McCarthy and the Nazi and a lot of classic when speaking of Miss Rudge.
When I come to the sport.
You leave your school.
What's with your prices?
You wait.
30 Tom rage advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the
morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Oh.
You're career was in decline things weren't so far and you needed extra
doubts in your pride now. One you.
Well that was pretty much that a lot.
I can all watch.
You heard of seven.
He needs it all.
Starbucks now.
Didn't you.
Well I don't have much to say about that.
But never double.
Fred Bay.
I think.
Well those same people I used to buy my coffee from.
They can be a fortune.
That's unreal.
But I lost my appeal.
We're finally stopped by the.
I feel like such a.
So much is my.
What can he belt it out or what?
I'm not a chance.
I'm going to five 60 happy Tuesday to have more how we did it to get the four
Curtis at seven.
The major league all star game everybody's going to be watching on TV eight o'clock.
And I followed by the ad campers show.
Guess who died.
Add news.
Good guy died.
Who Bob Shevin.
Robert Lewis Shevin the one time Florida attorney general and appeals court judge.
Die last.
That is Miami home surrounded by his family a long time.
I'm a resident university.
Miami graduate who ranked second in his class.
Shevin 71 itself from cancer.
The Asophagus for about a year.
A formidable political power when the Democrats controlled state politics.
Shevin was the favorite to win the 78 race for governor.
But lost his party nomination and a surprise upset.
The Ben Little, no in Miami state senator Bob Graham.
Went on to become a governor for two terms and then a US senator.
Member of the state House from 64 to 66 followed by Stint and state Senate 66 to 70.
Shevin was elected attorney general and 71 left a job to run for governor.
After leaving politics he entered the private practice.
One of his biggest clients was the Miami dolphins and then owner Joe Robbie.
Shevin was instrumental helping get the facility now known as Dolphin State in both in Northwestern state counties.
Good guy Bob Shevin instead.
Good people are the dead people and the miserable bastards like Carl Roe of their still alive.
On exposure to the shopping mall into the Tanya and Israel.
How do you like that?
Another surprise?
Yeah.
When it was crowded with the shop.
They hit us so we hit him back.
Here's a fact that says in reference to yesterday's poll,
George left out one important category.
There are many of us who only tune in dolphin games toward the end of blown leads or devastating losses.
Why?
So we can listen to the answer is Mone and Wine followed by the four straight hours of suicidal fans calling in.
Crying, bishing and fighting with a host.
Great radio and you are absolutely correct.
On top of it.
Who's that on line 12? Hello?
Oh it's another one of those.
See what?
I told you that happens.
On another one it wasn't Dave Johnson's that what you found out was.
But I was saying that happened.
You are so full of crap.
Or it is?
Every night and we get one of those.
It's from those pin and he asked people peddling stuff on your fax machine.
All of those people should die.
They should all be dead.
I get about one maybe one a week.
You just think it a whole bunch of them and they have a number you call.
If you call like 20 or 30 times and they finally take your number off that rotation list of theirs.
Five if they feel like it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
5 60 and he's Verizon and sing it a wireless line.
Let's get these phones going.
Let's hear from all the people who watched the one we had one fax.
Yeah.
The passing I think that we put on there.
I was so excited when Erik got that thing up and the show too.
And in this crowd we might as well be farting into a windstorm and as well be ping into a sand puddle
Might as well be like Whistland Dixie through our
Brackdom or maybe through a shoe. Yeah, one or the other
What is wrong with you people? What does it take is there any chance? I mean you talk about a land of the deadheads
That's Florida man almost 30 years now
And puking my gut side. I might as well like I said
Might as well be just sitting on the throne squeezing for good reason, you know, what's the point?
Same end result
Good paychecks go when they show up
But man oh man or shabits what would try to just it's hopeless and you want to know why it's not election time
I'll see they can't be bothered with the stuff. I'm like you say it's hot and it's humid and the storms every other you know every time you turn around
Right
They can't be bothered with such nonsense with such insignificant crap
Here's line nine Q. I. M. Hello
Yeah, yes sir good morning. What is this good afternoon?
Toronto great. I know I listen a couple things. I just got back from vacation up in Alaska, which was beautiful
But I wanted to share with you a couple things number one
Vancouver is another video like Toronto that I think you would thoroughly enjoy
Never been there. Beautiful beautiful city. I'll take your words for it and
Talk about talking about home security in order far so there's home and security. Yeah part of the trip
Was you know these little tours they take you on and we drove right up to the trans Alaska exploring absolutely no security
nothing and I asked one of the tour people like similar what happens if somebody decides to come over here
You know a little backpack and just decide what that under there. You know what his answer was a
Last is not really good for terrorism
That's very well. Are you looking around with?
It's about five million dollars a day, but you can imagine the K-Ops it was far. Yeah
So anyway, it was a great great trip and Hoover's awesome and you're the best man
Right absolutely. I do look Toronto civilized people baby great place a
Living and breathing people civilized people people speaking English people like function together
It's a major miracle. It's like a breath or fresh air even when you're a steel like today because it's a million degrees in a
Shave but even so I'll take it
W.A.M. Hello
Hey, what's poppin baby? Yes, sir
Hey, now what's the difference between a horse flying?
W.A.M. Hello Carl Roeview company man you fairy
W.A.M. Hello
Yeah
Speeding
I
Have to go people think I was spying around the
That's not trying to see the car
Front-time only one person out of which is innocent BCR
Everybody else was talking about child molesters of pedophiles and I sort of got rid of the rubra
I just want to appreciate you know the time to give us to our event. Okay. Thanks, darling
What do you say?
Here I wasn't listening W.A.M. Hello
Good probably a lot of other people would use it people have there might be some hope for
W.A.M. Hello, what's up with your grubbinus W.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir
We started out with I wasn't really great call the beginning of the show and I'm pushing my luck. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
Yeah
Okay, good
Hello
All right, hey a couple things
Jimmy Seffel that was the guy that left the lady at the altar, right? Yes, okay number two is you know
He's gonna tell us terrorism have you noticed?
Well, I'm gonna be up there but down here go to any post office there wide open what I'm doing?
Security to post office security for what?
Well, I don't know people are freaking out about that
And branch a few years ago. Oh, don't say that can't put that on here
There was no there was no whatever he just said was there was there like a
Oh, look at that. That's the wrong one
That there was no anthrax
Well, maybe a little bit
Maybe a little bit up there in Montana
Oh, look at that. Oh, I love this blackberry man
It just listen you guys that are upset because those pictures aren't on the be the curtain anymore. Yeah, I'll see what this is
It was actually oh here's the here's the correct time 10 27 43 so Duff here within 43 seconds. I guess
Almost right on target, okay
Nice going Duff. Thank God for the I was gonna say if you have a blackberry. Yeah
What you do if make up for the be a curtain is you stick it between your legs
I think a partner and you put your legs together real tight in your crotch area and then you have a bunch of people email you
Oh, I got it. Yeah, my phone can vibrate too. Oh, yeah, but this thing when it's sitting on a counter and a wooden or a middle thing
Oh, man
I
Bet you that what's your name?
And not Sally even Sally would want one of these for she probably lose it
W.A.M. Hello
Okay
Nobody obviously
The guy they just called says he gets all this is from you. Yeah, there's you day only place to get the news
That he must be but he must be the one you must be the one
Yeah, well, you're not that me to Q. I. Am hello. Hey me. I know pretty good. Hey, I watched the rollercoaster bush on such afternoon
Forstraight of me it was very interesting and the one thing that really struck home to me was right at the end of the first
Part where the soldiers are running that little family out of the house there and those kids are staring at them crying
Right and you wonder in
Really didn't that family look dangerous to you?
They look very scary. I mean those they're old-neil, you know, but when those kids get another five six years and
You know some some
Clare comes along and tries to recruit them
Which way do you think they're gonna go? They're not going man. In fact, I got a story on that
National Guard Mrs. Recruiting Goal again. Hey, man. Hey
And back to you. Oh the British are now saying that for the sick tolerance issued under the terrorism for of the bummers
We're a kill them through these attacks is in the West Yorkshire area
These included the home addresses
Of three of the four men. I'm sorry the Bricks just they leave me cool. Okay. They're constipated there
I hope this although the only thing worse I told you before the show
I saw a travel of peace last night on Scotland on Edinburgh
Yeah, so I want to apologize to the British you are not the silliest people in the world
You're the second silly is the scouts about you beat by a mile must be them kills
It's just and of course the Scottish invented golf to so it all kind of fits together with the exception of Fort Galloway
The Army National Guard of Corridor Stone of the US for I thought he was Irish. He's Scottish. I
Oh, let me I
Know I can only play that one
You got the stick your scooter at life
The Army National Guard of Corridor Stone the US force and Iraq
Missile recruiting goal for at least the ninth straight month in June and is nearly 19,000 soldiers below a
Suther wise strength military officials had wanted on your kids out there all your pucks do not volunteer
Do not put your life on the line do not sign up so they can send you over to be killed and some mindless war based on a
Pack of lies. That's my best advice. Don't do it. Okay. It's got nothing to do with patriotism
It's not nothing to do with the server country
It's got it and well only thing it has to do with is the use is a human pawn in a sucker a human sacrifice
Sign up as soon as the bush wins sign up so if your life means absolutely nothing to you then by all means enlist otherwise
Aside from that then forget about it, okay?
Come in its past noon at 5.60 W.C.Y.M. for years Armstrong for the homestead is always treated everybody like family
And they want to extend it off for you to join their family
Ford has just announced their Ford family plan right now at Armstrong for the homestead
You can purchase a vehicle and employ discount prices. That's right now through July 31
Armstrong for the homestead you can get the same grade pricing every Ford motor company employing their families get
Not only you get employee family pricing
But you also get Armstrong for its exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for a limited time with any new car
Purchase you get a color TV free too
So what could you possibly be waiting for pick up that phone right now call 305
24751 12 and ask for David Rich you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place no bait and switch no full need deals
This fantastic offer is only available to Armstrong for the homestead where they always treat you like family
Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by his president general manager David Rich says bring your family to meet our family
Armstrong for the homestead you'll find them in US one at Southwest 307 streets as 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them on the wicked web
Armstrong cars dot com and then give David Rich a call at 305 24751 12 and ask about the exciting Ford family plan to day
Drive just a few miles extra but say yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead
Köoid
patron
Both
That's a
This was very much a criminal investigation and he said urging
that there should be no community retaliation, no one should smear or
stigmatize any community here appeal.
Yeah. Now that's where we are at the moment. We know that there have been at
least 2,000 contacts of valuable information as the Assistant Commissioner said
and 2,500 close-second television tapes are now being studied. At least three
people were three assassins, whatever they were including the bomber were killed
in one of the explosions. Okay. Now didn't they tell us that they told so many
different stories about that thing? Didn't they say that there were timers on
the devices and that there were like in bags on the on the on the bus or
maybe it was bad timing on that bomber's part? I see. This story you just
facts me this is enough to make me announce you what's the other one here?
Lords holy water? I don't want to read about that. That's just too ridiculous.
And I hear something and we can more with a little more meat on it.
Like an interior shybo to St. Teresa the little flower the Reverend Michael
Beers hit at the chibote who could be canonized? Let's hear her for Terry and
her. Yeah. See I knew that that. She would come in handy. The Dean of Army
Ave Maria University this is over in Naples okay? The Dean of Ave Maria's
undergraduate theology program. Beers was shepherding shybo's parents Bob
and Maritionler and brother Bobby Schindler through a Friday morning announcement
that a new scholarship will be set up in Shivoh's name. The scholarship that's bad
isn't it? Yeah do you do it? Shivoh lost her building to function
the audio audio. He said Terry would not have wanted to keep her there and the
Schindler's the news Friday the Reverend Joseph Fessio AMU Provost what is a
Provost I've been asking you that for a hundred years nobody can't what is
asking me that I remember Claude Provost used to play with Montreal Canadians look
at up. What is a Provost PROVST what is that? I don't know if you mean a very skilled player
I think very skilled players come in and leave it is a junior.
But there's Mario let's do some hockey stuff what do you say huh?
I'm going to have a few more.
You can tell tomorrow's the big day for hockey can't you tell?
Tell me what a Provost you have. I'm a good partner. Josh has the answer here.
It is a high ranking university administrator. There you go.
Whatever that means.
Awesome.
Why don't you play all this hockey stuff?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I think.
Anyway, Friday the Reverend Joseph Fessio AMU Provost said while it should never have been in
debate or controversy the conflict awakened the consciousness of the nation about the
tragedy for the Shindlers in Terry Shabo when people say persistent vegetative state.
I have just intercepted by the view of the big reach.
And when you're getting lost I think it's gone.
Marvelous.
He said it was that.
That was pretty weak.
When people say persistent vegetative state you see this smile in your woman isn't that what it is?
Fessio asked it directly.
What does that mean? You understand that?
No, I don't.
Consequently AMU faculty members want to work with the Shindlers in their family foundation to help promote
a respect for life and help other families in the same sense as what's the same old crap.
You know, it's the right for life.
Take some value and come down.
Okay, here's the facts we got.
It says I've listened to broadcast for many years and often wondered if some of your calls were contrived.
Oh listen, we're not that clever.
Yeah, we would set these kinds of calls up.
I couldn't believe that colors could be so stupid but now realize that this is the average American.
Well, guess what?
Absolutely correct.
This is obviously from somebody who's very intimidated because they had their name and their facts and their business form.
And they blooded it all out and black magic marker here.
And that's something.
Yeah.
So obviously it's somebody who's very, very nervous setting this facts.
And I don't blame him quite frankly.
It says in the area of Vietnam, we protested and tried to get our message to the public.
The media in those days did report on protest.
What's happened to this interest the American public and not to give a damn what's going on?
The government and media have done a great job in brainwashing the American people.
Yoddy, yoddy, yoddy, yoddy.
It says I'm convinced it's the stupidity of our people.
You know what's the old shit in the ad question?
The people where they read you that stupidity begin with or the media help from me.
It's all a whole ball of wax, okay?
In other words, you got a whole bunch of ignorant people uneducated.
Don't know they're asked from their elbow.
And then you continue pandering to that and putting a bunch of cock on it and say,
Hey, this is what you ought to be excited about.
This bitch with a bulging eye.
She's the one you ought to be worried about.
And forget about all this other stuff and the fact that your kids are being sent over to and slaughtered.
And all these innocent people are dying and all this other stuff.
Okay?
It's unpleasant like Barbara Bush says,
Why should I clutter up my beautiful mind with such depressing stuff as that?
Barbara?
God.
And a public just sits back.
See, one thing about the American people have always felt one good quality.
Was that the people are kind of like,
Magiable and others they can bounce back from anything.
But they've become too mad.
The people are like silly putty now, you know what I mean?
Yeah, they're not bouncing. They're just sitting there.
Yeah, they're just like, they're like, they're in a, they're in a cherry shybo statement.
They only their own person.
That might do it.
Let's do it.
Let's have a giveaway.
Let's get everybody their own personal.
You, there's some oxygen.
I know where to stick it.
You can't, yeah, I bet you do.
Beckham.
You can't make your brain function without oxygen, baby.
So get everybody their own personal.
You.
That's the goal in 2005.
Let's get alive, huh?
And cut the drive.
Man, am I sick and tired of it?
And this and this media, look at this bitch.
They got to see an international garbage on this constipated, silly ass bitch.
Clean this cloth at eight spots.
And the morning.
Go back and eat some of that damn bloody pudding you're reading, whatever you know, whatever you silly
has.
Britt.
When I, when the hell are we going to stop bailing their asses out already, huh?
When we're going to cut it out.
Hold on.
W-W-1, we had a bailer ass out.
W-W-2, we had a bailer ass out.
Every time you turn around, we're bailing their ass out.
And then we don't do some stupid ass thing and they jump right in again like, oh, yeah,
we can't help ourselves.
Here's something a hell of a lot more important than that.
A man arrested in Boston when police showed up to break up a new regime party at a friend's
house and filed a lawsuit arguing that he had a constitutional right to get drunk on private
property as long as he did not cause a public disturbance.
And I think he's got a point, don't you?
Absolutely.
If you want to get slashed in your house, don't you have a right to do that?
Where else?
Eric LaVarrier, 25.
I wonder if he's skinned like Wayne LaParrier from the NRA.
Eric LaVarrier, 25, or maybe Jacques LaParrier from Montreal, Canadian.
See all these Canadians keep coming.
It's not something we want to put that hockey stuff on again, isn't it?
Oh, they're in a commercial break.
Damn it.
Anyway, he was taken into protective custody by a welcome police and locked in the cell
for nine hours till the effects of the booze wore on.
Legal experts said his lawsuit filed last week in US District Court in Boston as the
first to challenge a state law allowing police to lock up drunk people against their will
for their own protection.
LaVarrier argues that Massachusetts' protective custody law was written to combat
public drunkenness and that the police had no right to use it to take him from a private
residence.
He also says he had planned to spend the night at his friend's house, wasn't going
to be driving anywhere.
One thing people should be able to do is drink in their own house, he told the boss
in Globe.
That's the beauty in the land of the free.
Well, guess what, Wayne?
Your Eric, whatever your name is.
You're living in a distant past, land of the free, my ass.
Waltham deputy police chief Paul Juliano declined to comment on the advice of the city's
legal department.
Several lawyers have said they'd believe police have the authority to take inebriated
people into custody, but they said it was the first time the law has been challenged
on the grounds that one has a constitutional right to get drunk on private property.
Unless of course you're living in a police state, huh?
Maybe they're going to come knocking on your door pretty soon and they're going to
like bring that fertilizer.
Shoot!
Maybe stick that in your face, huh?
Bring the net, please.
Bring right into the shoe.
And if the meter goes up a little bit off you go, never do we see it again.
To be held in permanent detention at a really nice tropical paradise location like maybe
Githmo, huh?
Can you believe that he actually sat there?
I mean, my jaw dropped to my ankle when I saw that.
You think it's surprising?
Wolf, let's greek.
This man is on all over the world on satellite, okay?
On CNN, on a network that some people believe actually delivers freaking news.
They're getting largaritas in Pinapella.
And tells the public that Vic Cheney told him that Githmo is a tropical paradise.
It's a really swell place.
It's pleasant, it's lovely.
And as the Chinese say, as far as Wolf Busquery is concerned, a hubbum and dread.
How do you like that?
Now what the chink say?
I'll tell you.
In picturesque readass it is.
Oh my god, look at this.
The Reverend Billy Graham Bush, he's had more problems.
I think we had to send our website the other day.
The Reverend Billy Graham's daughter, Victoria Graham Foreman.
Oh look at this, my thing is buzzing again.
Boy, I'll tell you that.
That does give you some good vibrations.
Yeah?
Wow.
Yeah, if you've got one.
Oh, okay, this is just now.
That's great.
Okay, what was I just doing?
Billy Graham's daughter, Victoria Graham Foreman faces domestic violence charges.
After police say she tried to choke her husband in a new smart abuse parking lot and happened
along the stretch of state road 44.
New smart abuse don't go there.
According to police, Graham and her husband were having an argument.
They pulled off the side of the road and that's when things got physical.
According to the police, the reporter, Victoria Graham's husband, Chan Foreman, got out
of the car and started to walk away.
But when his wife said the evangelist's daughter would not let him get away.
At least four people said they saw Graham grab her husband by the throat, begin to choke
him.
Oh, you go, girl.
Oh.
Graham's husband was able to break free from the choke.
When the city then ran across a came out parking lot and tried to hide behind a furniture
truck.
According to the police report, Graham pursued her husband into the parking lot with her
car.
Police arrived on the scene and arrested Graham for domestic battery.
Graham has followed in her famous father's footsteps as a speaker and author.
Channel nine, tried to contact her at her daily on-springs home, but neither a she nor
her husband were home.
It says you're neither her nor her husband or home.
The Billy Graham Evangelical Association did release the following statement.
They regret the recent report of alleged altercation involving Victoria.
Unfortunately, at this time, we did not have details, which wouldn't able us to comment
further.
She was released on her own reconnaissance from the Volusia County jail.
Her husband stayed in the police.
He does not intend to try to charge us if he knows what's good for him.
Okay.
She'll cut him off so fast you wouldn't believe it.
Cut off that family fortune.
Mm-hmm.
All that money flowing in through that religious.
You're just huge.
Twenty eight past noon at five sixty WQA money sensational Tuesday, man.
It just keeps getting better.
You know what?
Yeah.
Don't you feel it?
I'm feeling a little bit of a response on that.
We're going to get our thousand votes today, Josh.
Are we?
No.
We get over six hundred.
If we don't get over six hundred, I'm not coming back.
We got four seventy eight.
You think we got a shot for six hundred?
Yeah, we'll do six hundred.
Don't be too sure, man.
If you notice it's very, very, it's tough tough time and dog days.
Good life credit asks this question.
You know what's on your credit report?
If not, remember this number eight six six six two five four four forty four.
Huh?
It's a fact that eighty percent of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit
score and we all know the problems that come when you have a bad credit score.
And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report, you know what
a pain that can be.
Good life credit is here to correct those errors.
Good life credits in House of Furnies will do all the work for you and there are no set-up
fees.
Good life credit will already your credit report from the three major credit bureaus.
Their right to letters of discrepancy is in straight now any inaccuracies.
So please don't let somebody else's mistake cause to a high credit score before you go
visit that dealership or call the realtor.
Be yourself a big favor and call good life credit.
And right now the first ten callers will get a ten percent discount just on the neopolded
call.
Here's that number again.
Full free one eight six six six two five four forty four.
That's one eight six six six two five four four four.
Oh bitch
right come
, my
very
closing
,
I'll be better
I'll be better
If you gotta drink, but if I for never be the same
I'll have to do it out and try to make it worth the game
If you gotta buy a bottle of peanut and then it's free of noone
So then I'll have a little kitty to drink and see you
And no boys in the bedroom
I'll be the boss, no boys in the bedroom
Because i'm over there
I couldn't go down or if i would steal it
I'll be the boss and no boys in the bedroom
I laid aalling wood after digoing
You have fun in the bedroom and we talked about it
Stay away from Charlie, you know he's hitting me in the end
You guys will definitely be in the studio fair
It was real good
Don't want to steal the boy and not buy in the bedroom
Huh?
Don't buy in the bedroom
Play, play
You play away from the boy and make rose give me his hand
I'm going to get the music
I have to spell
I'm going to go
There must be another way
Up 34, 26, 21, and we got the mole-myster
Mo-hawar, David Edited to come along with two
and then the guilty, guilty for man dog, well
That's pretty sad
A guilty 4-7 and a criticism 7 o'clock
Leading up to that big all-star game in Detroit
What a horrible place to have the all-star game, you know
I guess I got to get some people a reason to go there
Here's the same story because I'm trying to figure this out
Not that really most people care
How many people in America do you think care about those attacks in London on the...
You, the doctor, the man
How was that? That's right
It didn't happen in America so why should we care?
What's it to you?
Okay now this is what the where's this from
This is from CNN
British police said that they believe it was very likely
And this was just seconds ago, okay?
They said that they believe...are you cracking your knuckles again?
Yeah, no one you got irritable bowel
What's wrong with you? I got to do it
I don't know. British police said that they believe it was very likely that at least one of the bombers
He's responsible for last week's terrorist attacks in London
Died in explosion near Aldgate station
Deputy assistant commissioner Peter Clark
Kennedy-Anthony Terrorist Branch School of News conference
Officers were trying to establish whether four men suspected of hearing out the bombings
Had all been killed in the attacks
One man's been arrested in West Yorkshire in Northern England following a series of raids around leads
390 miles north of London in convention with the investigation
Now, no, Sky News which of course is Rupert Murdoch which you have to raise both eyes when you see the sky
Have you ever seen Sky News? Of course not
Don't
Personal documents of four suspected bombers were found
Near the bomb scenes in London Terrorist police have said the men traveled down from West Yorkshire
And arrived at King's Cross station shortly before the attacks were launched on Thursday morning
Their images were captured by CCTV cameras
All four attackers not confirmed to be suicide bombers are thought to have died in the blasts
Sky News correspondent Martin Brunsett and his south of the men were British
One man has just been arrested in West Yorkshire in Northern England where we just had them the other story
Brunsett police had made a number of arrest and leads today in relation to the bombings
They also poised to make arrest in London
Sue would have been put a boop but about neighbors at the address and said
A 22-year-old man who lived with his family had gone missing
Brits it doesn't say Muslims it doesn't say we don't get into an ethnic thing here
It's just as they were British presumably
I would have said nothing
And maybe not well I still think I can still have to put all the pieces of the puzzle together
And just the bodies together one of the other other people
And wouldn't it be something if it turned out that this remember the Oklahoma City bombings anybody?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
What media person do you think just might I think this is a pretty interesting poll? The Antichrist and again motivated by Wolf Flitzkrieg sitting there
When are you people going to catch on when are you going to start learning? When are you going to understand?
I'll tell you who else we ought to put on air Larry King. All right. He just might be the Antichrist and suspenders
The crap that he puts on the air of our panel
You know what I think he needs on that show?
I think he needs a few more guests on the panel by the time he finishes introducing the panel every night
The shows have over already. You know if you're going to have a discussion on the subject
How many guests do you have to have on the panel?
On the panel?
Yeah, by the time he gets through, so each person gets to say about five words
Indian
But that's a guy that gave us Ross Perot. I'll never forget about that. I won't
506 votes the Antichrist is Rush Limbog 220. You say that we hate him. We despise him piled pop and fat ass phony
Bill or Rade 82 Sean Hannity 54 Neal Rogers that fat ass bag at 40
7.9 percent
Al Franken 32 Bob no back 32 ever see the two together
Nope, yeah Bob no back just puts on a big pair out and John glasses and all of a sudden poof
Just like that Michael sandwich 29 this Mac grudge. She's up to 10 you're fairy and Wolflet's rings only got seven
That's the right answer by the way. You see the one the the one you least suspect
That's gonna be the Antichrist that out works
That once which is the voicemail where she's oh her it is the Antichrist
No, no, I don't like to actually question
My son was watching your program on
Miami Miami the date was
15 and I don't like no and just some kind of
Antichrist or something
Yeah, not my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool
And he also wants to just as ladies and
Policeman now. I don't know if the whole channel 69 is the Antichrist channel
Please I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the Antichrist. Thank you and please
If I see you somewhere, I wouldn't need something to be water because you know you turn my son into a baguette
And you made my son
Have a nice day. Have a nice day. You see sweetheart. I'm gonna get by the way. Get that machine man. I
Can't stop saying that it's like I'm just being like walking around outside it's a good machine
My I just it's just in my mind. I can't stop saying when I'm sitting on the throne. It's a good machine
Man, you know, probably the car salesman when I put this up in the dishwasher last night when I put that
The flavor wave is a good machine
man
Then I stepped on a fly. I'm still a freaked out by the horse fly. I just never thought I'd seen insect in here
Not good
Road up on the damn elevator just with the spider is how big your partner spiders
Your we had spiders of the old nose in the Amsterdam in that real nasty cobweb the basement. They're all man talk about uninhabitable
But speaking the beating curtain and Amsterdam
You know a lot of you people you need a quick triple that are in some civilized place where pornography is like some big
Issue, okay, it's everywhere. It's its commonplace. There are all these tours people teachers taking little kids through the red light district
They see the hookers in the windows and they see all the the windows and nobody gives a craft. It's not a big deal
But America is so I keep talking about the British being constipated America is so repressed so repressed
They want to do what they want to do if they want everything in the meantime. I all know can't do it
If it's not the church if it's not the president if it's not one of these right-wing lunatic groups
It's who knows what it is can do it got a burn in hell
TV's got a new schedule yours on demand is an exciting new feature that's been added to Comcast digital cable and you can try today for only
2999 a month for three months
Comcast on demand puts TV on your terms now you're able to choose from a library it shows with over
3,000 hours of free movies TV shows kids shows sports and special interest programs from a variety of TV shows and the extra charge to a huge
Library of movies for what you used to pay in fourth of a video store
Comcast on demand will change the way you watch TV forever plus you can start them whenever whenever you like whether it's 9.17 in the morning 11.23.
United anytime in between plus with HBO on demand
You'll have an entire library of programming of HBO original series and movies read it your fingertips all this free with your
Subscription to HBO and don't forget about control with on demand
You can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using your remote control
If you only have basic cable of the dish you're really missing out
So make the move to Comcast digital cable with the power of on demand call 954 Comcast or 305 Comcast
They meet Comcast digital cable and HBO for just 2999 a month for three months
Service restrictions apply call for details again and they call 305 Comcast in Broward 954
Comcast
Fund peso you're so big
ores
Look here, all sunbeams, whips whizzed after twizz
Making the house guess you think so way
Hellware, laughing when they keep being chained
Oh baby, I love Julian
I can't wait to see her body where I love Julian
Why give a break in September?
Julian, how she loves it when the housemates find
So what's the mindless fight each Thursday night?
So sexy hot and cold, too bad she likes her cold
There's no doubt that she's going to go
Hey go, that bed gel is set to be fairly show
Oh no, baby, I love Julian
I can't wait to see her body where I love Julian
Why give a break in September?
I'm 48 at a queue, so what do we get?
One or two people that said that they watched
We're the crew in the bush on our website, too
We got a pair, since been up there for a week
We've had two people watching
And I begged and I prayed and I'd be seedstacked
I promised you would be two of the most informative hours
You ever watched two of the most meaningful and they won't do it
You can leave a horse to water but you can't make them drop a big one
You know what?
And that's the problem, they just don't give a crap
Where's the naked picture?
We're going to have a tough time getting that 600 today, Josh
We might just not even get there
I said we got 540 now
They just, like all of a sudden, our website has developed leoporcy
You know what I mean?
We like it, it's unclean, right?
Unclean
As opposed to the fact it's too clean, that's the problem
But no one can do about that
We can't change the law, we can't play fart sounds
We can't do this, we can't no matter what you want it to
Can't, can't, can't, how about playing some funny bits, can't?
Okay, so you do the best you can
Can
Oh, Selma Alabama
There's a good old place, forget old boys, Selma Alabama
Workers have moved furniture, removing furniture from home
of a deceased elderly woman got a shock when they spotted an active hand grenades stuck at the bottom of the couch
Okay
The FBI, ATF, Montgomery Police Bond Squad were called to the scene after the bomb was discovered last Thursday
They used a robot armed with a camera from about 50 yards away from the grenade
Selma Police Chief Jimmy Martin said
The robot successfully ripped open the back of the couch but couldn't secure the grenade
Martin said the camera on the robot couldn't discern whether the pin was in or out
A member of the bomb squad was then sent to the house and found the pin still in the grenade
Martin said police believed the grenade had been there for some time
It was secured and taken away Montgomery bunker where officials planted a dispose of it
Police are investigating how the grenade got under the elderly lady's couch
Martin said the woman had a military veteran son who was also deceased
But couldn't say whether they explained how the grenade came to be in the house
There you go, looking did show up in Sally's couch
Why's that?
Let's see, here's a fact from Chris who says
I've searched and searched for photos of the people of Iraq offering the US troops flowers in candy
He haven't had any look, he's just not looking in the right place Chris
Since the nude photos are known and relied on the B.D. Curtin could you post us?
I mean she's on the side, I'm sure George will know where to find them
Right, yeah, I've got them right here
Yeah, you'll see those just on the same day that you see the naked pictures reaching on the B.D. Curtin, right?
How many Q.A.M.? Hello?
Hey, you know who the Antichrist is really?
Unfortunately, the average person in the public does not know this
But it's a man who sucked a life out of eight of the best radio stations
And Dave Roth is the Antichrist
Oh, I agree with that. He's the only one who makes your wish because the public doesn't know who he is
But he is the Antichrist
Amen
And there's a guy that obviously worked for Tube Channel and got screwed over big time
Or has others they could see the radio business doesn't really exist anymore
It's just it's just a play toy for a bunch of multi-million multi-billion dollar companies
And it's like a checkerboard and one goes over here, one goes over there
And this one spins off and busy spins off ABC and all this other crap
It's not a business anymore
It's just all about dollars and cents. It's like everything else in America today
And in most of the world
And that's all it is
It's not about talent, it's not about entertainment, it's not about, you know
It used to be about, see, talent entertainment in order to make the money
Now we're just in two big of a hurry to make the money
Just give us the money like that, science says in a while, just give us the F and money
I mean radio used to be a blast, used to be something
Yeah, and now it's a different kind of blast
It's like, that kind of blast
Like the old blast in the bowl
Yeah, what's that sound like?
Let me see who can tell you, who I am, hello
Yeah, you know, this is Springfield, I have three things to discuss
Springfield, Mass? Hello
No, no, that's my nickname, Springfield
Three things to discuss
What do you mean that's your nickname, what does that mean?
That's my handle, like, I want to be a shock-shock and that's my handle
That's shock-shock-shock-shock-shock
You're a little late, Pally
Okay, well, you did three things
I have to compliment your boss, Dufflin Z
He did an excellent job when he president was
Oh, two jams
You were jambin' if that's what we heard
Also, you missed the bird
I missed the bird
Yeah, because I remember seeing like news clips of you and the birds splitting up
It was really, you know, kind of sad
Well, you are, you are really living in the past, right?
Springfield
I'd rather talk to Ristringfield myself
And I only know that
He said he had three
Well, two bad
Close your mouth, call
Sorry, yeah, I miss you, dude
Close your mouth
WMQYM, hello
Yes
Yes, sir, yep
Neil, did you have any words?
Did you have any catch in a herald?
Your buddy, Mr. Hego's in there
About what?
Right, right on the front page there's a video that they were circulating among schools
With Barney and Spudge Bob and whatever
And this chat-
Spudge Bob, yeah, I thought he said Spudge Bob
No, well, I don't know the difference actually, but
Either way, Mr. Hego's on this diversity committee and
Oh, yeah, right
Well, what are you going to do?
Tell me how to stick to his perversity committee, we all liked him better when he was on that one
Amen, amen, great talking to you guys
Okay, thanks
Mr. Hego, what airs the guy in search of an audience and search of a life?
But like I said, he's got to ride out a few bucks here in here and do those 85, you know, the new nose guy
And the new penis guy and the new kneecap guy and the new neck guy too, you know, all the boys
And the body parts
It's amazing, you got a piece together, we're living in a piece together a body Steve
WCWAM, hello
Hello, Neil
He's like this hasn't been the same since they closed down that restaurant over there, what was the restaurant here at Burton Jax?
Yes sir
Hey, I spent about a month in Kansas City last week and it's not a bad town
Hey, you know what?
You just say, is Misery or Kansas?
No, the real one, I'm Missouri
Oh, I see Misery
Decent town, Decent town, by the way
Yeah, I bet you think I have good steak houses there, eh?
Great, great food, good music and the people are nice, which is a great show
It's really refreshing to be where the people are nice, I'll tell you
Yeah, you know, can I give our shout out to Mark O'Leo?
Hello
Can't do it, see you, Polly
567-0560, pound 560 and we've arrived in Singular wireless line
Man, I've said it this summer schedule, I'm thinking permanent, the rest of my life, what do you say?
All right, we'll work some out
Another year, huh?
All the free lunches we can eat
Man, what are you eating now? I bet you it's how he's
No, it's Tony's
Brad, then I mentioned Brad this morning
See, we like Brad a lot, okay?
Brad doesn't play games, he doesn't fiddle around with us, he doesn't get on his
Rover, coaster, emotional run
He just, you know, when we want the food, we give him a little plug
And he brings us to great food, its consistent, it's always good
You don't have to run up the toilet, it's great
You know what I mean?
Yeah, we're dancing, but you know
Yeah
Well, I'm not going to do that poll on Thursday because it's, see that's an inside thing
Because it would be mo and everybody in the building
Right
But I'm thinking myself, I answered that, the two people in the building that he's other like poison
Right at this moment, the most would be mo and yoldy
Okay
And it's kind of ironic that they're following each other side by each
Remember when we had Joe Rose on the station back in the day when we were last spring when we were doing great
Everything was fine until they broke it
Mo was on from five to eight back then and then Joe was on eight to ten
And when they, most of the time they would like Joe would stay out of the studio until Mo left
Remember that?
That's right
They wouldn't speak to each other
So I wonder what's going to happen if you could be like a fly in a lost room, you won't be there at four
But when you can get a spirited for what's going to happen at four when Mo
Do do do do do do
Hands the ball over to gildy
Maybe they'll do a little crossover
Yeah, I can't wait to hear a tape of that
Grants pass or are gone to prove his love a 38 year old man set himself on fire
Before getting down on one and asking his girlfriend to marry him and there's actually a photo of it here
Did we put this story on a website or not?
Is it from today's stories?
No
Then it's up to you
Well, am I not a...
A lot of these goofballs stories I don't put on there
We like to put the real intellectual stuff on there for our vast intellectual audience
I don't know people that watch all the corner
If I could tell you how devastated I am, I mean that's a strong word but it's accurate
I'm so devastated that nobody watched that
It's what's the use, I'm not guaranteeing one thing, whenever I put my thing on there, like again like that
Right?
Well, we'll label it a little differently
Yeah, well we'll say here's a bunch of naked pictures
About a hundred people gathered in to watch Todd Grannis perform the flaming stun
On Monday, which involved wearing your cape soaked in gasoline
Grannis climbed up a ten-foot scaffold, was set on fire then plunged into swimming pool, doused into blaze
I wonder if he came out
BAAAMING
Emerging on skate, he got down on one knee and proposed as a friend nearby, slipped in the engagement
He slipped into the engagement ring too
Honey, you make me hot, he told us we are at Melissa Cucic, Cucic, Cucic
I hope I'm getting that point across you that I'm on fire for you
Cucic was been dating Grannis for some of your years, said yes, but that I was a little angry because of the danger
At first I was mad because I thought he's not a stuntman, she said
Then of course the tears started flowing, of course I said yes, I was so thrilled
Oh, yeah, just brings it here to my eye
And in my eyes, we're here to get through
Suppose we go fight, see if she way yet
Oh, this is on, this is not a tumor, it's the one to two hour
There's a hand once a drug has to use up the lips of God
To better serve you, we ask lead one person, but then it will slip you on a hearing place of Christ killing Howard Stern
Yeah, choose that, I like to, choose that
And I will, God's f**k
No, we don't have to worry about them anymore
Well, how about Bluegrass?
Oh yeah, that's right, you sleep delicious to me
I once knew Christ, Giller, fell her head and then I ran with Barney Green, Vlad, as soon as it was
Green, Vlad, no matter, no, Rick and I buried him alive
There's a special place in heaven for you, Cleetus, Bible say so
How about sports?
Genive sports all they talk about as men
Bible says a man can't lay with another man
Rick and I go for play, you two
Can't have no man to man contact all the same, she has to in and going on
Well, I know one thing for sure, Karen, or Hogan
Yes
Wherever you put on, your little daughter will be safe, Roman
Well, wait, check out my watch board too, think this will go on the radio
You will again come back and remember
If you don't ride or get in on a clear channel, you're always there
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
Thanks to the guy that called in about David Ross and Pete Boulders, you don't forget
he could be the Andy Christ
Right?
How many people is he stabbing him back? How many lives is he destroyed?
Bible but not a man
At least
And that's just this year
574 votes on our pool today and we'll make our 6th convert, right? You think?
Yes
uh...
Jamaica Vermont in my life and every other was a Jamaica Vermont I want to have a
good machine there
assertion for a Hungarian speaking parakeet
the escaped its owners summer home last week
pituca is a four-year-old blue parakeets that owner
paralmazofi of queens of the world
that's exactly that's the one
it was a hot day we're sitting on the porch my mom opened the door to go inside
the flu house you said we try to lure them back in
and we stayed up all night we didn't come back we cried for a few days
i don't think we'll find out unless we get lucky
mazofi and her husband Lazio
lazlo i'm sorry said the small blue white and gray bird
whose name is the current the hongerian equivalent of steve
wasn't valuable was important to the family
it's been heartbreaking for us he was like a member of our family laws
though mazofi said
he said it's eighty six year old mother-in-law and a boom would sit and talk
to the burger native tongue for hours
boom love the burger great deal
and was that just asked about to i miss the bird remember that
right maybe that one
she talks to all day long we can hear her downstairs teaching him hongerian
words and phrases
he's not really a bird to her house he's a little person part of our family
in fact my grandmother had a bird my uncle
both of whom of course are long since then my uncle taught the bird to stop
parrot to say
miss a son of a bitch
the mazofi search that's a true story the mazofi search theory near the
home in Jamaica put up signs asking people to call if they saw the bird
so far no one is calling today
on hearing speaking bird
god we can maybe that's what we need let's find a hongerian speaking bird
what are you saying all right
how do you know that
that's a whole thing hongerian how would you know if they're doing it right
although i do like a very gulash along
remember that great gulash we had from that place for its infront i should do
whatever happened to them i wonder what ever happened to billy boy he can
like disappear
he's around
is he around
see if people still around him because i have nothing from your friend
and uh... the real your real close personal buddy tied wreck
what do you want to hear nothing
the less the better
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty if you rise in singular
wireless lines we need to hear from one more person two more people have watched
the world according to bush on the cvc on your rangers that come on our website
a uh... phenomenally informative show waiting for anybody
you think
that's it
that it you are you know
yes sir
uh...
she a media person really i guess she has okay let's get around
yeah because i mean i can't really hate that bitch man i mean every time she's
on the beach just trying to get a point across
doesn't listen to anybody's
and she's going to talk about that's the worst part of her she spots all the
misinformation just that adamant militant nasty right when bitch
exactly and everything she says as well she's a stupid happy she's a
state of smoking pot
and you know raising some freaking bread that's what she's
she's not really nobody believe me she can't do it the way she's doing it okay
thanks a lot palie put around your encoder
i think she's hanging out with old
mad
that's not one
they're really tight
five six out seriously and in a whole time i've been on the arch act think of
no time ever
that put anything on our website or say anything on the deck up as little
response and i just i don't know i mean i could watch that thing three four
more times
and even though i know all of that stuff now including the stuff about press
got pushed
it's just
it just makes your blood oil or here's the
direct
a response
to this story you can talk to the rnc about what they put out on it and speak
to the grill and scum a car
about
all the world and he's the book that was in press on the shame of green apple
first of all for you that investigation
that means
uh... supporting
the efforts by the investigators to come to successful conclusion
that means i'm coming on it from this point
and i've no i've changed a question
republicans are essentially saying
that the conversation lasted for two minutes and the subject was a sensitive
wealth
getting that information
from here
and then you're asking questions that
are related to the reports about an ongoing continue investigation
and i was
it's a very really so
i could use a whether not you stand by your statement
twenty nine two thousand three
it is simply not true
the car road
is closed the identity of the cia
stand by that state
i look forward to talking about this at some point
and i think i'll talk about
those questions while the investigation
is
continuing
it's a yes for no
you know what
this is a statement you may
and
months ago
you
very confidently
certainly
to us
and the american people
roe
told you
he has nothing to do with
can you stand by that statement now
now is on to these questions yesterday
go ahead
and
the president shows today to break with its usual practice of thinking to questions
the american side
and kids
gin
at last
right i think
with
when
he had
timeline
has he had responded to the question today for whole work unbeombed
you're
receiving
our brother opportunities asked questions he takes questions literally
regular basis. Let me just hear what you did a few moments ago and step back from the
context of the investigation. So the President's agenda does call a role with all the attention
being paid for. I've become a liability to President and the pediments of his pushing
his agenda. We're asking all these contexts and all these questions in the context of
the news reports. We're in the larger sense of role being the deputy chief. We're continuing
to make big things when it comes to the agenda. And with all the attention distracting
from the push on your agenda. Everybody who was working here is helping us to advance
the agenda. That includes Carl on a very big way.
I do apologize to you for telling you he has not involved in the challenge. I'm not
going to be in this important discussion. He put you on the spot. He put your credibility
on the line. And Helen, I appreciate you all wanting to move forward and find the facts
relating to this investigation. I want to know all the facts relating to investigation.
But I'm your president wants to talk to the bottom of the way. It's just not appropriate.
If you remember back two years ago, or almost two years ago, I did draw a line and I said,
we're just not going to get in the comment. We're just not going to get on the comment
on a investigation that continues. And I think you've heard me explain why I'm not going
to do that. I do want to talk about this. Scott, do you want to talk about this? And we
will talk about it once the investigation is complete.
You're a great way to get a few jobs in three. You regret putting yourself so far out
on a limb. You're going to have your opportunity. I try to come back to you if I can.
And I think I've responded to you. This is great. The media finally is growing
affair. Oh, I don't like that. You know what this is? This is the beginning of the end.
Hopefully it's just the beginning because just firing him as if he could really.
I know. Listen, this is the beginning of the end. I'll see. I'm holding you.
Watches it unravels. You'll see it. Right? Anyway, I don't even know why the bottom
and going through this. Because you know he's not going to answer the question. Of course.
But it is nice seeing him score. I mean, you like just attacking him. It's great.
The food and the food and the food and the food and the food and the food and the food and the food.
It's got a phone. They're once again.
It's for me. Really getting broad.
It's getting pummeled. Let's hear it.
It's a 12 minutes after one and five sixty WQ. I'm speaking of it.
The moment you just have noon and then guilty and all that other stuff.
If you fight yourself looking in the mirror and wondering what that big ball spots all
of it, here's the answer. It means your hair is on the floor down the drain in the
sink. Where but hell it's gone. And of course it makes you look older and not so great.
But Chuck Alfie Erie's been helping the famous and not so famous. Look, they're best
for over 30 long. Not 30, man. Amazing years with his best in the world.
Skin-like hair system. It is 100%. Positively. Undetectable. Looks like the real thing like
hair is going out of your scalp. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. He had nothing to lose.
But that shiny, ugly ball spot. Because all you have to do is try Charlie's system
for 30 days. Not 30, man. And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels
like you're not getting laid like 15, 20, 30 times a day, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413. And tell Charlie you heard about it here on
the Near Wards. You're show to get your summer special QAN $200 discount off the regular $800
price of the natural hairline system. Tell that you heard it on the Near Wards. You're
sure that pressed right through to the recalls, picking a ball spot. The secret to a great
hair system makes sure nobody knows your wearing one. And Charlie's skin-like hair system
is as natural as it gets like a real head of hair. So forget about the muskrats and those
dangerous pills. Call toll free today for the Charles Alphierre hair studio 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 or on the Wicked Wave at Charles Alphierre.com.
That's what it comes as for.
The
Troubled Joy Manor's Nobody Around. How's the traffic? Now, always telling me, definitely
this morning, the traffic was like a neighbor. There are all these wrecks on the norm, usually
down here.
Yeah, but I'm saying, maybe the way he comes.
He got to work. Wow. That may have been the longest pause. A study released today
says drivers who use cell phones, even hand-sfree models, are four times as likely to be involved
in wrecks involving a serious injury than drivers who do not use cell phones. Don't pay
any attention to that. Call our shows all day long QAM, whether you're paying attention
to that or not, even if you have to use your both hands. That's right, because it's
a lot more important calling QAM and keeping our shows on here than driving safely. There
was no safety benefit whatsoever from using a hand-sfree phone, said Anne McCart, one of
the authors of the study, which was published in a British medical year in one paid for
by the insurance institute for highway safety. Researchers for the institute compared information
on 456 crashes with drivers cell phone records and interviewed the crash record shortly after
they were treated in hospital emergency rooms are findings indicate that laws that still
allow drivers to use hand-sfree devices will not eliminate the crash risk of phone use,
said McCart. In fact, at the extent that drivers perceive that hand-free phone use is safer,
in some sense, these laws could have a detrimental effective drivers increase their use of hand-sfree
phone use. Remember, that was the thing, you know, that was a big deal. Well, it's
going to be a lot safer if you use the hand-sfree and just have that headset on. Yeah, then
you crash your car while you're dialing. But of course, the point of that whole thing is that,
as you'll notice, people that are on the phone in the car, regardless of hands-free or not,
they're not paying any attention. Right. They're in, and they're in broad and in the middle
of a conversation. It's like two old codgers, two old codgers that are in the front seat arguing
with each other, and they're gesticulating and the harms are flailing. And of course,
paying a little more no attention, which I guess isn't all that dangerous because it will
only go in about 15 miles an hour in the left hand lane, they'll kill you just the same. Oh, yeah.
Connecticut and Chicago are the latest locals to ban cell phone use while driving,
unless it's hands-free. In the study, neither gender or age affected the risk.
The study was conducted in Perth, Australia, which bans driving while using cell phones that are
not hands-free, and then we find out it don't make no difference. But don't pay any attention to it,
just dial us up. 24-7, round the clock, QAM, 5-6-7-0-5-60,
pound 5-60, and even Ryzen and Singular wireless lines. And the beastly corporation has nothing to do
with you. Like blow up a whole bunch of people away off the road, we have nothing to do with it.
Okay, that's our disclaimer. A whole bunch of old parts crossing the Hellenbeale Beach Boulevard,
you're on an important hot call. In fact, it's double bonus points Tuesday, isn't it?
That's right. That's what I heard.
Boy! WMDQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir. Since you've cut that for the summer, I've been trying to listen around the
dial, and for the first time I heard Al Franken. And all I could think about was that recording you
have of him is everything to a tee. I was on the floor laughing, listening to this guy live on the
radio, and it's like, that's got to be Neil's recording.
And secondly, you will never have to play by play announces like Johnny Moose in Fred
Q's that cover again.
Oh, you can say that again, man. It was great.
Have a great day.
And you too.
Hey, speaking of a Franken.
It's the Al Franken.
Al Franken, the job, the most exciting job ever in radio.
Was Joe Conneson, yes the Lord, including bloggers you've never heard before.
And of course, there's my sidekick.
I'm Cass Littley.
She may look like a dog, but she's out to come through the gym.
And smarter than you know.
I urge you to participate in open conversation and fascinating political topics that
feature on my show.
I don't know.
Job, job, job, job.
Oh, man, then Al Franken, he's the best.
But see, there are a lot of people who aren't broadcasters pretending to be broadcasters.
Now that's why when this guy mentions Johnny Moose and Fred Tussik, they were great broadcasters.
They weren't X-Jocks.
They were broadcasters, man.
It was a craft. It was an art.
They were sensational.
They made the game, titillating, exciting.
And now we've got doggards on here.
That's another reason if the sports has become so dull, is because there are doggards that broadcasters.
I don't want to mention any names, Dave.
Oh, sorry, Josh.
I don't want to tell right there on the road anyway.
They're all for the old-star game.
Let's see, who else they got done, trail playing, anybody else from the Marlins in the old-star game?
Paul the Duke, Luis Castillo.
What about Carla Stilgado?
Right, and he gave you the anti-Turano there.
Is that what the problem is?
It's a lot of good first baseman.
Oh, I see.
I have no interest.
I will not watch any of that stuff.
I could care less.
Oh, I will say this much.
At least it's a little more meaningful than the NHL all-star game.
A little NHL, by the way, he mentioned hockey again.
The only is for the staff to know, and he's going to be all whipped up,
because tomorrow again, it's supposedly that we're getting so sick and tired of it.
Supposed to be the day, get it over with already.
Will you?
Jesus, haven't you, idiots, learned your lesson yet?
Man.
Man.
Life for even here in Toronto, man.
Life is tall and right ahead.
Whether without them, make believes, the make believes, the any of this stuff.
Life is moving right on, you know what?
Anyway, here is from our friend Will.
At least this makes in this last hour, makes me feel like there's a hope.
Okay, here's number three.
Isn't this number three now?
We're the coordinator of Bush.
Hey, we're building our intellectuals out there, one person at a time.
You don't have to be an intellectual to watch a documentary.
People are always calling us, but oh,
do you see this on PBS?
Well, you know, PBS is crap, especially now that the right winners have been put in charge of it.
Have you ever seen a documentary on PBS as probing and as good as the one, this one?
No.
Not even close.
They don't pull any punches, man.
They got people on there telling the truth, and then they put the other side on there as well,
not because it's going to be fair and balanced, but to show the other side for the liars that they are.
Anyway, Will says, I watch the documentary.
Thank you for putting it on your site.
It seemed very familiar to Furnight 9-11, namely preaching to the choir that already does not trust or appreciate the president.
Paul O'Neill.
And by the way, the way that they're trying to discredit Joe Wilson now with a Valerie Plain business,
you'll notice they did the same with everybody.
Hans Blitz, Scott Whittier, Paul O'Neill, Richard Clark, everybody that outed them for the bunch of lying bastards that they are,
the lying bunch of murderers that they are.
We have to discredit them.
We have to find somebody to smear them.
This is worse than Nixon.
This is Nixon times 100.
By the way, you left out that war-coured Max Cleveland.
Oh, yeah, right.
That's right.
That paraplegic Max Cleveland.
That they smeared in Schmier, right?
Just on the other side.
That other war here, O'Neill, John Kerry, right.
Oh, and all those medals, you know, yeah, right.
He was over there risking his life and saving lives while we had a bunch of draptodgers,
including your president and vice president.
Anyway, he says the current situation reminds me of the rank conference scandal.
If you six not long after the landslide by the great communicator, Ronald Ray-Ronny Ray-Gon.
I would prefer a document read that suggests actions for citizens.
So, otherwise, Will is not going to know.
He would prefer a document read that suggests actions for citizens interested in improving democracy in the air.
You see, the interesting part of this is Will that it came out originally the first time back in October
before the election.
So, if it were to aired in America, that would have been the key.
Then America would have had a chance to do something about as a namely vote these lying bastards out.
That's a good one.
If it were to aired.
Yeah.
Then he says alternatively, the less serious approach to criticism like John Stewart and more
in voting for colorblind and the awful truth, since the president seems in sponsor three and a half more years.
What can we do but find some way to make a difference and let to keep from crying?
It also says both Neal and George will enjoy the 2000 movie Crash is outstanding at the old 1995 James
Spader Hollywood movie Crash the new 2000 movie.
See it?
No.
By the way, don't go see the world.
Because Steven Spielberg needs mental help and Tom Cruise is just out of control.
He's cruising.
He's not cruising.
He's spinning.
You're fair out of control, Tommy.
Put it away, Tommy.
People are starting to wonder what that is.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM for years.
I've been telling you about my good friends at dry concepts.
The best carpet cleaning company in the universe.
But did you know that dry concepts can also save you hundreds even thousands of dollars?
Another area is to dry concepts specialized in drapery cleaning, a poster leather furniture
restoration, mattress cleaning, oriental cleaning, and repair pet odor treatments and water damage.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently.
Dry concepts professional staff is always improving to serve you their customers with the most advanced
cleaning systems under the sun.
And during this month, during the month in July, it's dry concepts summer-sizzler sale.
Take advantage of fantastic savings in all the dry concept services from
proper cleaning to tile and grout cleaning everything else.
It's the only place to call.
I've been using it in my homes for over 20 years and using the first time,
you'd never dream of calling anybody else.
And don't forget, no rip offs, no scans.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
Indeed, we're out in a Palm Beach called Mtoll-Free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked way of log on to dryconcepts.com.
Let's see whatよう local residents will come to when Rama's service will pass.
Suppose personnel have a mask and then whata's been sent into his house or is it your
bike?
You weigh yeah.
Every time our home in need ever rest
I cause and weary
We'll not you in your air
With the sharp eyes that she's by her side
We'll be playing joyfully in the sea
It's the needle-truck recording tune
And the little guy of sea
The day that's here
Korean they're a dreamy
Oh, Canada's the best stone to me
Oh, Canada's the best stone to me
What is it?
133-2702
Scott McCullough has the white house
Over and over again
You're wonderful as a second
But what's the point in this exercise?
Rubbing your hands together and saying,
Oh, isn't this great?
Yeah, exactly
This is a wonderful sea name squirm
And all the lies just come out of the top
All the scum coming out of the surface
Taking a big pot of chicken soup
And putting it in the refrigerator overnight
And then opening up that fridge in the morning
And seeing all the scum on top of the bowl
Here's a thanks from Frank and Melbourne
Why the surprise that W's administration is worse than Nixon?
I'm not surprised, I'm just telling you
It's a zillion times worse than especially the way they're carrying it out
Dude, Carl Robe used to work for Donald Sagreddy
The Nixon dirty trickster Don once had referred to Rob as one of his rat efforts
Guess you can't teach an old rule of new tricks
He's one of the most evil people in the world, Carl Robe
There's no question about that, he's more genius
And anybody who really believes that Bush won either the 2002-04 election
I've got some really valuable territory in the Everglades society, okay?
I got about 85 acres of really choice of property
Right in the middle of Gatorland
Speaking of the Gators, how they do now that that FSU quarterback got Lyme disease
And he probably hang it on the glades, you know?
You think?
Possibly
They got me, they just find, you don't find your tics even though it's a tropical paradise
That was the term for Gipmo that Wolf Litch has had a tropical paradise once animal
So if anybody like to be putting an orange jumpsuit in carcerated
Because they'd like to play checkers if you were on good behavior and even like that
And you get your old concrete slab
Sorry, a little bit of shuffleboard action there, what's wrong with that?
What's not to like?
Your own pyramid and they slightly flushed current
Right, exactly, that they is right out for you like laundry
On a rope
Virginia teen nudist law challenge reinstated
A federal appeals court has reinstated a lawsuit challenging a 2004 Virginia law requiring
parental supervision at a nudist camp for juveniles
A three-judge panel of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled the American Association for Nude Recreation
Can pursue its claim that the law violates its free speech rights, free speech, what's that?
Crimping its ability to spread its nudism philosophy
The organization claims it had to cancel as summer's camp because only 11 of the 35 U.S.
signed up would have been able to bring a parent
A regulation that reduces the size of a speaker's audience can constitute an invasion of a legally protected interest
George William B. Tracler Jr. wrote in the unanimous ruling
A lower court judge ruled last August the lawsuit was moot because organizations of the camp at White T.L. Park
Well I bet there was a lot of White T.L. running around there
Surrounded their permanent after the state law took effect
Emily Lucia spoke to them for the Virginia Attorney General's Office and prosecutors were disappointed
But we expect to win a trial said Emily
The 2003 summer nudist camp for children 11 through 17 was the first in Virginia and only the third in the country
According to its sponsors
See the only problem with nudist camps in case you haven't already noticed like nudist beaches
The people who hang out at them are always ugly
See you're missing the point
And what's that? It's not for peruvian interests
It's to be re-encommunied with nature
Or I see peruvian
I'm just saying to anybody who might have peruvian like all those despotos out there who are missing our obedient curtain so badly
I'm going to tell you something seriously
That to me was like a personal slap in the face
All of these 8 million years of these were working our ass off and you guys were working real hard to find those pictures
And I look at these stats now and I'm not going to make me want to like just like that
Like you just create me cry
Like what are we wasting? Why do we even bother with this website except because Josh should be quest fall in and broke if we just stopped doing it?
Yeah
Stories are big
If they ever get on there
What?
Yeah
They'll be up there later today
Yeah
What is it?
So you got to take your laptop with you when you go spend the night with your friends houses
Was that what that was all about?
I'll just make it stuff up
Well I think he's making stuff up, okay?
Because I first had started out that there's a tropical storm Emily by the way so if you enjoyed Dennis
That was a blast
I'd take a one thing boy
I was just wondering if that thing would have been what 100 miles to the east
Right
We got a pretty bad as it was just with all the branches
That's what I hear
Haven't had to drop a rain here in five weeks maybe could ship some up here, okay?
We got a drought day
Every day it's like 93, 95, 90 or whatever one to two
So we could use a little bit of that rain, a little bit of that moisture
So there's the uh oh there's the
Friday beyond that we'll have to wait and see what happens
It's really too early to tell to know exactly where Emily is going
But I would certainly be on alerts if you live along with those Gulf Coast or on the Atlantic Coast
If you live along that ghost man it's already going to be 50 miles an hour and by the time it gets to Cuba again
See God is really PO to Cuba
He is so pissed off of Fidel you know
God was faster
He always pissed off because Sodom is smoking in Cuban cigars. Did you read about that?
No
We had that stir on our website. You better start reading our website and why should you be the one?
Exactly
Florida Attorney General Charlie Christ through Paris
Now you think Florida is ready for a gay governor?
Sure wonder
See I don't know why he's running because once the word really gets out about that
I think that all them Yahoo's and like upstate and the Panhandle and all over the city
And that's another reason that the Panhandle got hit
God is really he's had it
He's had it with them that aintry crowd that drifted down to like Pensacola and that whole area of the Tallahassee
He's PO to Governor Fadass Jeb
Throw all that caring on with Porra Mike uh what was Shrivo?
Anyway, Charlie Christ reported his campaign for governor raised $3.8 million in the quarter ending June 30th
In what is already shaping up as easily the most expensive race in the history of the state of Florida
Christ benefited from a fundraiser hosted by billionaire developer Donald Trump in New York last month
As well as a May fund raiseer in Tampa that ended $1.1 million
No figures were available Wednesday on the New York Everett Chris campaign official said it's last Wednesday
What is this old?
Suncentle's just putting this out now it's old
His primary rivalry Republican contest Chief Financial Officer Tom Gallagher reported last week he'd raised $3 million
And on the Democratic side US representative Jim Davis campaign reported Tuesday raising $390,000 in the last quarter
He's now raised more than 800,000 since the beginning of his quest for the nomination in February
And a lot of other names that people have nobody ever heard of before
I don't know
Democratic Party I think is going on a business
I think that he only huh?
Going out of business
I think the only thing that's going to say the Democratic counterminds me of us and at the ticket $7.90 thing you know
It's not that we're doing so great but it's that they're they're doing so bad
Got a lot of contest
Yeah to see who can like you know reach reach total mediocrity first
Total in attitude worth and that thing with Jimmy syphilis man that's enough to make me just a...
Prepare to lose it
When it comes to a different thing
In the middle of the new Roger's new life life
Who's the first to finish?
Who's ready to apply for the team?
Where are the exploding balls?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Huh?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Jamie says I know the death made it
He for the investigation to winner
What is it?
He would get too close
To the towel headed by he's got a Texas ball up all the two again
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
If they don't at least this one we're pretty good
We're not the best we'll never be a bench
Cause you brainwashed fucking
What's the best you think?
You're going to back them up and judge again
What the fuck are you?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
Who's the first to finish?
146-14-03
Yes, Ken and Naples, we got your facts, thank the Lord
Here's number, what is it for already?
Got four
I not only watched the CBC documentary
but sent the links to friends
Because I couldn't depend on them to go to their website
And have saved them from my teaching colleagues and classes
Pretty risky though, he says
Because I teach in Naples Florida, highest per capita donations to the Republican Party
Nice going, Ken, hang in there, it will pray for you
You'll leave it
Speak of that, wait until you hear this story
That the power of Christ compels you
That the power of Christ compels you
Rome
To help preach the better, growing interest in Satanism
That the power of Christ compels you
Of Vatican recognized University and Romans offering a follow-up to a course on exorcism given earlier this year
The power of Christ compels you
Politic, Pontifical Academy, Regina Apostelorum's new course, which starts in October
Will explore biblical, theological, historical and legal aspects of Satanism
The power of Christ compels you
Exorcist will give the last lesson in February
The power of Christ compels you
The University said, fascination with Satanism is on the upswing and priest needs solid preparation for it
The power of Christ compels you
Obviously, most of the priest need preparation for their rectum
The University, run by conservative legionaries of Christ, said recent crimes related to Satanism
Sure, it's a problem that's often underestimated
The power of Christ compels you
When the first course began, Italy was gripped by the ritual satanic debts of three people including a 19-year-old allegedly stabbed it because your killers believed that you first modified the Virgin Mary
The power of Christ compels you
Two rock band members related to convicted of murder
Police have also discovered sites outside Rome where they say Satanists hold black masses
The power of Christ compels you
That's one?
The power of Christ
The power of Christ compels you
The power of Christ compels you
The power of Christ compels you
Oh, yeah
Curses in Satanism and Exorcism now were taught
That's what we need to QAN, man
I heard Satanism was responsible for almost as many crimes as Catholic priests
Not quite though, and not as expensive
Six miles south Carolina
I know you're really fond of South Carolina
Not, not
All the homemade Hitler Hitler Hitler
A recent fishing trip that had a new pet for a South Carolina family
Starrants read in two young family members were fishing at Hartwell Lake
This is off six miles south Carolina
Recently when they hooked a 50-pound flathead catfish
I'm sorry
You saw what?
The catfish
Oh, they showed on TV?
I saw a picture
Instead of a trip to the skillet, the family decided to keep the prehistoric working fish and a huge decorative pond
You know, well, see, I'm so fond of my bratwurst
I probably shouldn't start a conversation about this
But catfish, of course, are bottom feeders as we all know that is correct
And we know what they eat on the bottom
And the same with pigs
Yeah
So those of us who are into bratwurst or pork sashton stuff like that
Just don't think about it, okay?
It'll make it taste a lot better
Trip and lobsters
Also
We were catching little ones in the big one and nothing in between reads
And said the fish now swims in exotic surroundings that include pond for almost as exotic and tropical as guantanamo
But not quite
That include pond trees, a waterfall, a swimming hole containing more than 2100 gallons of water
Reads wife Deborah said the fish is ugly but it can stay
And of course we've seen the husband too, so
As for its diet, parents replant to feed the fish dog food
Dog food
Yes
Well, I guess it'll eat that other stuff, it'll probably love dog food
He also hasn't concedes about how well it will get along with other pets, drugs, cats and a goat
That enjoy playing in the sand and plants around in the pond
I'm afraid if it gets too big, what might have them a cat's read joke?
50 pounds, how big would that be? Pretty damn big, how about this bigger out here?
Wow, big old fish
Speaking of cats
See, I just don't get these people
I've always said that the cat people are the crazy people
Although they're dog people do the same kind of crap
We have those stories all the time
Fraffacks for a genu, you know what's all these weird stories come from?
The most I know
The sound
Yeah, from the in-bred south
Animal control officers have removed 187 cats from a house in Mount Vernon, Virginia
59 cats in one dog from a home in Falls Church, authority said yesterday
In the Mount Vernon case, police went on a home, a two-a-home on Luggate Drive
The fine Ruth Knoven, 82 living inside with 187 cats
Officers said the dead bodies of 86 were left in trash bins outside
So that's the 86 and 187 is what, two or 70 year three
Most of the surviving cats were sent to an animal shelter
But animal control officers said they have to go back and get some cats
They're still living in the walls and in the chimney
No, in the walls
I guess you don't have too much company, huh?
There would be shit, maybe she has too much company
In other case, officers found 59 cats and a dog in a house on Hillsboro Drive
In Falls Church, June 27, the bodies of 29 dead cats were also found on the property
Where authority said Jean Boltinger, 58 lived
Animal control officers took the surviving cats and a dog into their custody
In both cases, kind of like the John Wayne Gacy thing
In both cases, neighbors complained their foul stenches surrounding the buildings
Both women have been charged with favor to care for animals
Both homes have been condemned and officials were helping them find temporary housing
See, the thing with John Wayne Gacy, I find a little bit difficult to understand
He had a wife, you know, and I guess he didn't notice the aroma
Maybe he just smelled that bad, so he didn't notice the difference
That could be
All those bodies kind of rotting under the porch, stuff like that
But you know what I say? There are a lot of people that stink
You'll love this story, here's one of my all-time favorites
Especially on the heels of those three kids that suffocated inside the trunk of that car
Mm-hmm
Well, I guess, now this is in McLean, Virginia
I guess it kind of like Clant of the Sea in this lady's mind
A mud has been charged with felony child abuse and child cruelty
After she allegedly forced two of her children to take turns writing in the truck of a car
and an eight-hour drive from Alabama to Virginia
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
That's a good story!
It took turns
Cheryl, and the schoolmaker, 36, forced the two girls ages eight and ten
and take turns in the trunk of life first
Because there was just wasn't enough room in the car, according to Curtiss Schoolmaker, her ex-husband
The woman was driving five children, including an infant who her ex-husband
in some outside Washington DC.
None of the children was injured during the trip.
The girls told their father what happened next day.
He called the police.
They asked to be let out.
It was a hot day he said.
Efforts to reach Cheryl's schoolmaker one successful yesterday.
Three of the five girls in the car
were the schoolmaker's children.
One of the other children was a family friend
or a release used to be.
And the infant was Cheryl's schoolmakers.
Cheryl's schoolmaker was scheduled for a rame age of life
22.
The charges each carry a maximum of five years in the slammer.
Or just in the truck of the car will be good.
When you think five years later in the truck.
154QM, we got the mold man coming along at two o'clock.
Did you get a good night's sleep last night
where you toss it and turn it all by long?
If you're tired of that small crant bed,
it's time for you to step up to a new queen or king size bed
from our good friends at Dallamaatris.
When you call 1-800-Matris,
you'll choose and floor this largest inventory
of queen and king size beds ready for a sane day delivery.
And you still choose the date and time
and any tour of Windows seven days a week
between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. when it's gonna be near for you.
And they show up on time.
Dallamaatris carries the complete land
of all the top names in the universe.
They got them all silly.
Sir, the Simmons, King Quill,
Sterns and Foster Hewitt,
there are everyday low prices
and each stock make your shopping of breeze
when you make that one easy call.
1-800-Matris, and you'll talk to the next
for a bed and consultant who listens to your needs
and will suggest a style and cover level
that is perfect for you
and he's folks know the bedding business inside a note.
Just about all of us at QM or SQL like a baby
every night on the Dallamaatris bed
you ought to be doing the same.
Call him toll free today, 1-800-Matris,
or check them on the wicked web at mattress.com.
Dallamaatris at 1-800-MATTRES
leave off the last S4 savings.
What a company sport.
We're the outdoor sports radio bikes
in the football league.
Sports, we're the radio,
which let make you boy.
You ain't no.
Don't go blind.
All the hard work.
Don't go dumb.
Every time I see
something so broken.
That dream bar they'd be a witch.
Don't go dumb.
All in the loud TV.
He's president of the ****.
Ray Pellett gets muscles in.
And in our tape-live idiot.
I don't know why.
They're world-fantastic.
I am a night's history.
First president of the four years.
With president of the ****.
What's wrong with that ****?
Oh, what I get to.
No, both ones small.
And get to win your voted poll.
One.
And you want this.
Don't talk about it.
It's running stupidly.
Don't go fool.
Find this wrong with rich kids.
Don't go fool.
He's even.
No more than me.
Please, president of the ****.
Just hope that one of two.
You got a meter by hooker from the Christian.
No one knows what's up.
You and I, but you're more beautiful.
We've got a great leader.
With president of the ****.
Dr. Yeah, we're turning the quarter.
We can only just be going.
One media person using might be the antichrist.
We almost got to 700.
Josh would have pushed it a little bit.
Rush them by 280.
Go around 102.
Sean Hannity 75.
Near Rogers 50.
I'm the antichrist.
Make no mistake about it.
Vod Novak 47.
Al Franken 41.
Michael Savage 35.
Ancorder 13.
Miss Drudge 13.
Wolf, let's grade 13.
And Larry King be having only nine.
Bye, bye, bye.
We're turning into an injured team.
It's Neil Rogers midday.
Oh, no, no.
It's a free home crisis team.
Don't give a few away.
They're going to work on a day home.
One solid.
