They purposely run that promo right before us.
Yeah, right before we get together to do our usual ban.
I think I won't get one quick event.
I have to get one quick note in here.
Go right ahead and take all the time you want.
Log on to wqam.com for the MyPix contest sponsored by Belvedere vodka.
10 people went three only here this week.
The best record at the end of the year wins the grand prize of a thousand dollars
of five games this week.
The wing went four, we're Tampa Bay,
China's three over Kansas City, Pittsburgh three over Minnesota,
Indianapolis seven and a half over San Diego and Washington three over Dallas.
Nice prize.
You think they're favored over Tampa Bay?
Sure.
The game is at home, but nevertheless,
they've had a tough time at home last stretch.
Well, last week they didn't.
Well, yeah, but they were playing a little girls team.
Yeah.
So you're giving out Tampa Bay with the points?
No, no, absolutely not.
No way.
No way, Jose.
I'll let you worry about the points.
I think a buddy Jim Sani, you're, huh?
I think that would be a close game.
Well, it could be or not, as the case may be.
Who knows?
Your buddy Sani has just, I think he's got a thing for Evan Cohen.
I don't know who Evan Cohen is.
I'm sure nobody else knows either.
He's probably related to Marty Cohen.
But he spends like about six paragraphs today about his interview with Dave Dombrovsky.
And he did all right.
Question.
He's obsessed with Evan Cohen on 760, which is like in Palm, BTSP and Radio.
The only 760 I know was a great radio station, WJR and Detroit.
I didn't see Sani's column today.
Oh, boy, you didn't miss anything.
There is nothing.
There's like, on the internet, it takes up four pages online.
And there's nothing of any interest to anybody.
But your buddy Barry, though, never lets us down.
That's why Barry.
You saw that, I'm sure.
I did.
Now, which line in here are you most amused by?
Well, let's see.
He's obsessed with Kevin Rogers.
Not near Rogers, of course, because I went to a sports show.
Talk show host has brought a presence and drive with the 790s evening slot.
He might even break that chair, but I doubt it.
How do you like that?
Most bizarre story.
790 Sid Rosenberg walking off his own show when he was criticized by Cohen.
Oh, most overwritten story.
Yeah.
The most overwritten publicity stunt.
The most unfortunate trend.
I'm going to take a drink of soda while before we do this.
I'm so think about it.
Most unfortunate trend.
Several of the markets play by playing ounces like the commanding voices.
I thought he took two shots.
Two shots.
I thought he took two shots, etc.
Yeah.
That was one of them.
The one to go ahead, finish it.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Commanding voices.
We were accustomed to doing these Howard David.
Joey and Joe Dave O'Brien and long before Rick Weaver.
Holy Toledo.
Yeah.
Worst move, FSN and QA.
I'm not carrying the news conference announcing Jack McKin's resignation.
That's a big deal.
Yeah.
But there was another, I think, backhanded slap, etc.
And that was giving the job to somebody with no, who had experience.
Well, because he says the biggest story.
A 790 that take a grabbing dolphin game, some QA and unveiling a new announcing team.
Jimmy Cifilis and Joe Rose.
But then he goes on to say, well, it was a unnecessarily driving out there and
I was just here for five months.
And first offering the job to Tony Cifilis, a Cifaretto who hasn't done play by play in a quarter of a century.
Then it's doing the conventional approach to two former dolphins in the booth including a play by play and out to a Cifilis who had done mostly color commentary.
In other words, uncualified.
Yeah, far more than you.
Come right out and say it, Barry.
You always have to like beat around a bush.
Yeah, if I'm Jimmy, I slap him around when I see him.
Why is that?
Well, if I was Jimmy, I'd be a little...
I don't think Jimmy is going to slap anybody around.
No, he's too nice.
Yeah.
Hey, Jimmy, do better.
Anyway, he's not slapping anybody around.
And then most outrageous moves.
I guess Barry must be out of the loop.
The panthers, the most outrageous move, the panthers telling the announcer to be positive during a horrible start for the season.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, little Barry.
But all franchises are very uptight about that.
And they're always like all over their announces to like, you know, Gilder Lily and the Be Hormers.
In fact, you'll recall it, Chip Carey and not the...
Chip and Steve Stonka can't buy the cup organization because they were too critical of the team.
Yep.
They put up with it from Harry because Harry was a legend and they couldn't fire his ass.
They weren't going to put up with it from Chip off your block.
That is true.
That was a bad move on their part.
I mean, a guy from... what's his name?
Less...
Lenny Casper.
Lenny Casper.
The guy that they hired from the Marlins.
I mean, he's okay. He's not bad, but he's just...
I don't know, not up to snuff.
That's why I don't even watch the Cup game.
There's no more.
Hey, the White Sucks are the team in Chicago now.
Well, good for them.
Good for them in Ken Harrelson in the Hawk.
Oh, God.
Put him on the board and hang him from a new...
He's just obnoxious.
But at any rate, so that's...
And best newcomers to the market, Dave Strater, Panthe Brock.
As Panthe's won again last night, overtime.
Ludely, late like usual, then this time though,
and with the main advantage, and overtime.
Hey, the Red Mains.
Yeah.
With the Red Mains for the first time in almost 10 years.
In 1996.
Yeah.
That's something?
So that's two and a row, man. They're on a roll.
Three straight overtime one.
And they actually did have some people there last night.
I wouldn't say 17,000 was an honest number, but there were some people.
I'd go out this season, Troy.
Would you?
What about going out to see the Panthers?
What was that all about?
Hey, what you said, there were a lot of people there last night.
Yeah, I'm probably like 5,000 were those Foney Red Wing fans.
You know, like I said last week, the people from the West Coast,
of Florida, the ones that came from the North, most of them are away from Chicago,
Detroit, the Midwest.
The people in South Florida on the East Coast came from New York, Boston, Philly,
from the East Coast.
Now, why that is, I don't know, maybe because the Hershey Highway,
you know, 95 leads down from the Northeast, and 75...
I don't know what it's all about.
But Bill Torrey told me this a few years ago that when one of those teams
from Detroit or one of the more popular teams from the Midwest,
and one of the better teams from the Northwest, people will come over from the Apples.
They'll drive over to see them play.
Yeah, well, why not?
Yeah, it's not that long a drive.
Well, somebody's got to show up.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
So nice going, Panthers, maybe, that Jack Martin keeps his job for a little while.
Thank you.
They can turn the corner?
No.
Okay.
There are a long way from turning the corner, believe me.
And the job that they have left of making any kind of a bid for the playoffs is pretty difficult.
Do you realize that they've been in that building now?
I don't know what the last year was, but they've been in that building a very long time,
and they've made the playoffs only once since they've been in that building.
And they've only made them three times since the history of the organization.
Yeah, well, look, how many championships have the dolphins won since they've left the orange bowl?
Oh, that's it.
Let's get the dolphins back in the orange bowl level to it.
They've never won anything in that stadium.
Yeah.
It must be the stadium must be there.
Maybe that's why the Marlins won out.
It's a baseball stadium, that's why.
It is?
Is that what it is?
Yeah, it's not a football stadium.
Well, let's kick the dolphins down.
It's a baseball stadium where they play football.
Just came up with a solution to the problem.
Let's kick the dolphins out, and let's give you the Marlins stadium instead of Dolphin Stadium.
Don't you think I would be doing the Marlins of favor if I marketed the place that way?
Yeah, you sure would.
But why would you want to do the Marlins of favor, though?
Well, I forgot.
You got that close relationship with management.
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
This guy's only been P-Val 16 times for opening up a big mouth about that organization.
You know what?
Everything I've said in the last couple of weeks about what's going on with that is coming to pass.
Yes.
Now the commissioner wants to meet with hyzing it.
Mm-hmm.
And that was in USA today on Wednesday.
I talked about that before.
What happened in Pittsburgh when the local ownership couldn't get anything done?
Baseball stepped in and got it done.
Said you guys.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Pittsburgh and not getting anything done, looks like the penguins are going to be moving out.
They've tried everything they know.
They've got to get the slots in.
They can't do it.
And they're looks the Marios is they're going.
Plus their team sucks, but beside that, where are they going to go?
Let's see, it said Kansas City, which see the NHL likes going back to places where they failed before.
Like Atlanta and Minnesota.
They let going back for a second double dip.
So Kansas City is one of the rumored places.
Portland, Oregon, which is always rumored.
Portland's everybody's.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Everybody's threat.
That's right.
If you don't go to a joint, we're going to Portland.
Yeah.
We're going to Portland, Maine.
Do you know who is from Portland, Maine?
The guy, the guy, yeah, guy, gang at broadcasting who owned INZ when I worked there.
Oh, yeah, Portland, Maine.
What a bunch of mug ones.
It's amazing how many mug ones owned broadcasting companies in this.
It's now seven.
I know.
The origin radio.
Oh, in other words, now you're nervous about the B-lease?
The Clamp.
I'm on.
Don't be intimidated by those mug ones for Quenna.
Oh, this Friday morning, they're up there in the tree strum in the banjo.
I mean, the Clamp.
Yeah, the Clamp.
That's your set by the year.
That was Hank Goldberg by the way.
I got a story here from R&R radio and records.
Visley joins HD Digital Radio Alliance.
Do you see that?
No.
Visley Broadcast Group is the latest to join the consortium of radio companies that's banding together
to launch HD radio and markets nationwide.
This is hysterical.
They can't pay the direct TV bill.
They're good direct TV back on, but they're going with HD radio.
Hey, we have a direct TV back.
You do have a back?
It's been on for two days.
See, there you go.
That's the end.
You can thank me for that.
But the bill has due last Wednesday.
So it may be going off again in any time.
You can thank.
Was it George Accomie that, whoever, whatever spy we've forgotten, that number that they owed to direct TV?
Yeah.
And then I got Duff on the case.
So whenever Duff can get the number.
Give me a Duff a big kiss on the lips.
I still saved that.
It's like 1361 bucks.
They owe them or something.
Yeah, I have no idea what that is.
In fact, 1362 and 42 cents.
I heard they did pay the 42 cents.
Maybe that's why it's back on.
Anyway, it says, visibly operates in several of those markets including Philly and Miami, where it already has HD 2 channels.
So we are HD, which I hear sounds great on here, but the only problem is nobody has those receivers.
What time do you leave?
What time do I leave?
Or you leave tomorrow.
No, I leave tonight.
Oh.
You're going to get out, OK?
Yeah, oh, the good news is the sun is shining and the snowstorm that was coming last night didn't come.
Oh, good.
It was snowing and blowing yesterday, the lights snow and wet, you know, really windy and nasty.
And they were predicting, oh, 30 centimeters.
It's like a foot of snow.
There is less snow on the ground now than there was yesterday morning when I talked to him.
Because if bypass, after midnight, it just feels loud.
It all passed east to here.
It's a Montreal Ottawa, going to get like walloped.
And we have because the sun is out and it's about 33 degrees.
So whatever was on the ground is melting and there's a very little on there now.
How do you like that?
See, when you live right, the Lord looks after you.
You're a friend of mine.
Oh, God!
Called last night, said they're having a transit strike and they're waiting for a foot of snow and good place not to be.
And it's how it turns last morning at the right of your radio.
And CNN's all over that like Stink on Greg, man.
They're just all over it.
Wait up the PR campaign.
How many talk shows, television shows, or whatever has he done in the last couple of weeks?
About 30, man.
Yeah, I thought so.
Everyone, it's ever been invented.
Hey, listen, I tip my head to him on that.
He's the master of, I wouldn't say he's the master of broadcasting, but he's certainly the master of public relations, man.
He's gets more PR every time he farts.
There's like a thousand articles about it.
What flavor it was when he had for breakfast.
It's amazing.
But again, when you've got normal kind for your agent like I do, it's just, you know, you just do the best you can.
Just come to your way along.
Well, I hope you have a great trip.
I will.
And I'll be sure and write your name on all the appropriate walls all over the city.
Yeah, please do.
In fact, I'll wave to all those hookers in the red light district.
I'll say, hey, the Humphers is high. I'll just wave as I walk.
I made a whistle-tot stop tour through there a few years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, the red light district of Amsterdam wasn't bad.
I remember I talked, didn't I talk to you on the phone?
You were in London or you're in England that time?
Would they've done something?
Yes, I called you.
And you called me at my apartment in Amsterdam.
Well, I was telling George before the show, I sure wish to have let the place would have worked out.
It would have been sanitary and not like with a bedroom downstairs and damp and mildly.
And spiders the size of bowling ball.
Yeah.
Because I really would like to have continued to have a place there part of the year.
Well, three summers in a row.
I was there for like two months.
What's going on there?
It's a lot.
It's a lot going on there. That's for damn sure.
Well, I hope you have a great time in a wonderful trip and back to you.
Now, let's see what's your vacation?
I'm out of time for the year.
Really?
So in other words, mad dog is making up for the time that you were lost at this point.
Yeah, I have one day left.
Wow.
Well, you certainly won't be working when I come back because I'm working the day after Xmas.
That may be the one day I take.
The 26th.
Well, what do you mean?
I mean, you already got it off.
Fed, don't take that day because you already have that off.
It's been celebrated as Christmas day, huh?
Because I'm in the York Christmas day.
Yeah.
And then probably travel Monday.
So I'll see you on the 27th.
Okay.
All right.
Have a good one.
And I hope you're still working.
Not suspended by then.
I'll be careful.
Keep your nose clean.
Yes, sir.
Okay, see you.
Hi, this is Red Deer Annie Moore.
Ad Atlantic Coast Mortgage is the only mortgage company in South Florida.
The same location since 1982.
Why would you deal with someone else?
One branch and ready to help serve you.
If you want a free cruise, don't call them.
If you want it to rain on a sunny day, don't call them.
If you don't want to pay closing costs, don't call them.
If you want great.
D-D-D-D-D-D-D.
I call them at Ad Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
In day call, real five, nine four four, zero seven three three,
or in Broward of Armiche at nine five four, nine eight seven, eight zero seven seven,
per a Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
O-R-B-B.
That's Ahn's ball basketball.
Orb is a double header basketball ball featuring Coach Leonard Hamilton's
Florida State Semedals,
Coins of the Corp. Nebraska Cornhuskers,
followed by your hometown hurricanes,
challenging NCAA Final Four Powerhouse Louisville.
Right, you bastard.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go.
So the room around the building is that somebody else today had must have been
in sympathy with the Iraqi elections because he was shown his purple finger off
everybody.
Oh, yeah?
It was purple, wasn't it?
Well, here's some purple brown red.
Some shade of that.
At any rate, 10, 13, at 5, 60, WQAM Friday, December 16, and void Georgia
will be on all week next week, it's going to be sensational.
Yeah.
Is it spectacular?
Sure it will be.
What a spectacular sitting here looking out there.
What a shock.
What a surprise.
The sun is shining.
There is much less snow on the ground and on the rooftops now than there was yesterday
at this time because all that, oh, the sky is falling.
It's like bypassed.
We had a little gastric bypass.
Not over the beast.
I could use it.
You're not really going to get that operation right?
I don't know.
You got me on the kick.
I'm thinking like, oh, there you go.
He's safe.
Finally, I got him on the kick.
That fact, sir, by way of Lassiter is saving, going to save my life.
I have one 88.8 this morning, by the way, which I realize isn't much less than, but I have that digital scale.
Not one that you can lean, you know, but that's pretty good.
Every ounce counts.
That's the lowest I've been in years.
Long time.
Now what's your goal?
My blood sugar was 84, by the way.
I beg your pardon, my goal is 150.
I got about 30 men.
He was 158.
You can do it.
Oh, I have well to it.
It's not a question of if it's just a question of how long it takes.
And the beast is off at a bread off of the crap now.
We're trying to save his life.
See, this week working on the show, this is a, could be a lifesaver.
Yeah, by the way, they're being named lifesavers.
Look at it's 1015 already, Jesus.
Wow.
Before we know, it'll be like 145.
Hey, when you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit, that's what it's all about.
And value, of course, too.
Everybody wants to save a few bucks.
And that's why you want to do your shoe shopping.
Always hit brandy shoes and pompano beats.
For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style, shoes and the top brands we're talking about.
Not some off brand that nobody ever heard of before.
We're talking about the best brands like Rockport, Floreshrime, Echo, New Balance, Mifisto, S.A.S.,
all the top names in the business.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters, I'm sure you have a customized fitter you every time.
Just as for Arnie, he'll take dang good care of you.
The pros and brandy's understand fit and comfort and even specialize in wide wits as well
for those of you with really big fat, grotesque feet.
Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere for comfort, style, fit, value and selection.
Always think of Brandy's shoes 1290 North Federal Highway and pompano beats.
They're open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous time for savings at Brandy's because take an extra 20% off
on selected men's and women's styles.
Shoes from S.A.S. Naturalizer, Floreshrime, Sparry and Rockport's too.
So be sure to get in Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.S. U.A.M.
The Miami Heat Show.
Drink Pat Riley, Stan Van Gundy, Randy Fond and all Miami Heat Players.
Sees on one station.
This station.
President Mike Mika Sugiri's recording gaming.
Tune in tomorrow at 8.30 with Hank Oberg and the Miami Heat Show.
Explicitly on sports radio 5.60 Q.A.M.
When he comes to sports, we are the authority.
There's rarely have to go out and get another piece to make this team a little bit better.
And don't give me Ron Artes because he doesn't have anything that the Indiana Pacers want.
Once you get past Wade and Shaq, they got nothing else that you have that they want.
Uh, we'll trade Michael Goliac and Gerald Fitz.
I'll hang up and loosen.
How are you going to add things to the sports when you apply season shoe to K.A.S.?
Hey, Pukes, Physiol and Guy Anger Anderson.
I looked in the toilet today.
Guess what?
A Starbucks right there in my sh-
Huh?
What do you know?
Right there in the toilet?
Crazy!
They are everywhere!
What would you do when I hear some more Jews will you back off and give me your land?
Let me out and I'll see you a song and I'll steal from you all that I can.
Oh, I can't choose the living hell from my friends.
My bad news with the living hell from my friends.
I can't lose the living hell from my friends.
What do I do when I blow Jews away?
Oh, you love this hell of flesh and bone.
Oh, yes, I do.
I hope many die by the end of it.
As long as that death is not your own.
I can't choose the living hell from my friends.
My bad news with the living hell from my friends.
Oh, I can't choose the living hell from my friends.
Do you need anybody?
I need somebody who can't choose anybody.
A Jew, woman or kid, is the beard.
Would you take land and give up the fight?
Oh, yes, I tell them, this is crap all the time.
Could you have peace with these real minds?
I won't stop the 50 land, these are mine!
I give you the living hell from my friends.
My bad news with the living hell from my friends.
Oh, I can't choose the living hell from my friends.
Yes, I'll kill you with the living hell from my friends.
With the living hell from my friends.
Praise the Allah and kill you, go!
Well, I got to him first, I guess.
No, I got to, yes, first.
That was yesterday, I'm afraid.
I see in no more.
21 past 10 a.m. I'm tempted to play like a lot of stuff today.
I haven't played it a long time.
Although the big news of the day, the fee ride for Howard Sternfans in this morning.
I assume he's still on.
Still saying goodbye.
At least for the three hours.
Well, he's got to get off of there because then he's going to have a two hour simmus coming up.
A two hour mid time Manhattan party to say goodbye to any loyal listeners who turn up.
Scores already are there despite a driving rain storm in New York.
Stern planned to deliver an address to his radio fans finishing up a quarter century on trust
or radio is arguably its most influential figure.
Stern leaves behind, oh, by the way, congratulations to my close personal friend Dick Burton
who's been inducted into the radio hall of fame.
You know, there's a real talent.
There's somebody creative, really funny and at any rate.
Stern, let's see, when you show it and join unprecedented ratings run,
the hit number one in New York for the off-year Washington NLA.
It's moved through serious satellite radio while someone risky comes with a huge financial thing.
Stern signed a five year, $500 million contract to create two new channels for a serious.
But the overhead another programming cost come out of the windfall.
So the 100 million a year, not that he's going to be missing any meals be.
The 100 million year includes all the programming for those two channels.
Okay.
So in other words, maybe 98 million right here.
During his career, Stern evolved into the center of attention in first amendment issues
and censorship and yada yada yada infinity paid 1.7 million 95 to a subtle complaints to the FCC
against Stern in April 2004, a clear channel dumped the Stern in the show on all their stations
because of the show's content.
And of course WQA, I'm just standing on.
What's the use of you talking about?
Made a bad mistake, a bad error in judgment.
They forgot where they were.
And of course they wouldn't listen to me because what could I possibly know about anything, right?
What can I know about this market about the jump market?
You know, jump market tours out there, huh?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
What do I know about sports talk?
Nothing.
WQA, hello.
Not there on tube.
Well, I tell you, there's not going to be a lot of calls today.
And even if there are, I'm not taking too many.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I was trying to, I missed Hank's fix for the first time.
Can I get them from you?
Can you miss, takes from me?
Is this Hank Goldberg show?
Hank Goldberg show ends at 10 o'clock.
What show do you think follows the Hank Goldberg show?
Good question.
I tune out if the Hank Goldberg.
Well, then why are you still on with us?
You tune out after Hank Goldberg, and why is that?
Well, today I missed it.
No, I think we need to tune out after Hank Goldberg.
Goodbye.
Should we give Hank's fix?
I have no idea what they were, and I could tell you what they were.
I would not get them if you want.
No, no, no.
So we can satisfy that old fart, that old cocker.
Maybe we have a lot of that.
He turns it off at 10 o'clock.
He doesn't want to hear that potty mouth-fagged old fat jude.
It's on it.
He'd rather hear the other fat jude.
It's on before me.
How do you like that?
That was pathetic.
That was good, though.
I like that.
Maybe he's a little bit of a Bible watch for Christmas or potty gun.
Yeah, maybe somebody will buy you a little Hanukkah Bush.
Maybe he'll sit it on fire with you on top of it.
That was good.
Go to QAM Hostility Line.
Happy Holidays, hello.
How are you up, Ali?
Hey, pal, what's up?
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, our result done for the day.
He's out the street cause of problems now.
But he's done for the day.
In other words, on his last day.
He's done for the day on 103, one in the buzz.
I want to be here.
He's on the west coast 96.
They bailed out out.
Apparently that was nice.
No, he bailed out on them because they were paying their bills.
Which I know is very unusual.
Oh, really?
But they do have HD2 radio, but they just can't pay their bills.
Well, I really like how everybody really really love your show.
Enjoy it.
And just have a good holiday.
You know what Hanukkah Bush was paying for you?
What's that?
You know what Hanukkah's Picks were.
Hanukkah's Picks, no I missed them.
Because I was just going to have a holiday.
I was just going to call this morning here.
That old cockatage is called.
He's all been out of shape.
Oh, I tried to see something good.
Great.
Yeah.
Hi, I'm the great board home.
I need DB for my board.
Are you?
Wow.
Yeah.
What were the hell did that come from?
It's going to be a hell of a day already.
Wow.
If we could just maintain this level of call.
Listen, that's two for two men.
I know.
It's sensational.
Just out of nowhere.
He just sounded rational and like a real living and breathing person.
And then, ah, you know, how do you think of me?
Oh, that was good.
Oh, I never did mention the poll.
Well, it's not that much.
I guess you liked it.
13, every 96 votes, how do you rate yourself as a human being?
Which the first guy would have voted on there?
I'll rate it for him.
Be pretty good.
724.
That seems to be the overwhelming prick.
Pretty good.
Not perfect, but, ah, okay.
Better than the rest.
See average 232.
D many flaws.
That's for the beast vote.
161.
Many flaws.
A, the best.
150.
I haven't met any of those people yet.
F, I'm a piece of Schmidt 115.
And E, I'm not a good person.
15.
Now, if honestly we're, you know, the varometer for all of this, I can imagine you voted
the F.
The largest cashed vote for them.
This is Neil Roger.
The $5.16.
28.
Congratulations, get a life.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's such an asked.
Yeah, just like the tripp, you ran you into that circle too pretty weak.
I'll bless you, Yelts.
27 before 11 at 5.
16 WQN boys, almost 11 o'clock already.
What do you say?
Let's go to Howe's Bigger Bash in New York in the rain.
Oh, or let's go to Howe's and have a BLT.
Here's order for you.
Howe's if we did yesterday.
You did what?
We ordered yesterday.
Well, how about getting like, I don't know what you could get.
And I see if you listen to me, you could get the pizzas from Tonys
and just take a fork and eat the topping.
I already told you my issues with cheese this morning.
I don't think we need to relive that.
Oh, I see.
In other words, the ties that bind as they say.
This guy, I don't want to go into your Google Apps.
No, I don't want to talk about it.
When he eats cheese, he doesn't go there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, or I said,
I'm singing a ride this line.
Let's get some more good calls on here today.
It looks like it's going to be really slow.
But every now and then, if the spirit moves you,
we'll just reach over and punch one up.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm calling for that guy.
I want to know Hank's picks.
Yeah.
This week, he said he was starting on the left nostril.
Then he was working his way around to his a.
And then he was going to the right nostril
and digging up until he hit his knuckles.
And then, and then, that's about it.
OK.
Oh, boy.
That's that.
They're good.
How about most picks?
Now, you beat me to the point, man.
I was the next thing coming out of my mouth.
Well.
Most picks.
You know, they got the what?
Yeah, look.
Bracket.
Yeah.
That's what I think we're very rock for four hours.
OK.
And then, beast is telling me a little spy report
that evidently, somebody's described a lot
of what I want to mention, Moe and A.
I'm no names, but this girl, even as white,
is now starting to get the fed up
and getting really cantacres with him.
evidently, she's upset because he was talking about real
worst fake on the woman's chest.
Yeah.
And she was yelling at him in the movie theater.
And he's now upset because not only does he become like
darkboard when he comes to work, but he can't go home either.
The human darkboard coming up at two, I like that.
That's a good, the human darkboard at two, and deservedly.
So Curtis and Troy from Hooters and Durral for a clock
speaking of what happens on your chest and on your,
yeah, call us and get it off your chest.
Seven o'clock gets the big, oh, rock solid.
And he catches the day and then it
he gets ten o'clock.
Christie, no game, although let's see,
the Panthers had Atlanta tomorrow.
Now if you're going to beat the trashers,
man, you better be prepared to score six, seven goals.
They're scoring a lot, they're scoring them in bunches.
So the Panthers have actually won two games in a row,
a shocking development at Atlanta tomorrow,
with of course squeaky guilty.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, Near, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Been listening to you for about ten years,
but your show is killing me with that fat you.
Get him out of there.
Go home, Beast, you fat bastard.
OK, last day, OK, it's all right.
He's not going anywhere.
We're saving his life this week.
I think I've been a commendable job.
And he can't leave before he tells us that,
was it a very Jackson story?
He's that?
No, we'll get to that at some point.
All right.
What three Jackson stories?
Oh, his behavior yesterday at UM was just...
Oh, it's here about it.
Well, you know, he shows up and he's,
you know, for example, his belts fall off his pants.
I mean, you know, God forbid he should buy belt at the fence.
But in any event, you guys have been,
and mommy should buy him one at the fence.
Yeah, you know, he shows up trying to get all the tidbits
and all the inside juice and all that stuff.
Then we have like a little media room
where we hang out and all the reporters type and whatever.
And like, he's leaning up against his laptop.
Like, the screen will fold down.
He hasn't like folded down almost all the way.
And he's like bending over, trying to see underneath.
So no one will see what he's typing.
So like, he's like five inches away from the screen
with the laptop bent down.
And he has his arms up covering the screen.
So no one could possibly see.
And then he almost knocked a table over
when he was trying to plug a phone line in
and he was a disgrace.
I mean, it was just absolutely ridiculous.
He may not be good, release his consistent head,
Barry.
You're fairly right.
Yeah, we'll get back to his column again,
if anybody missed a cross over here.
Some very poignant crap to write today.
This is just the usual swill.
And he just doesn't have the cajones
to really come out and rip anybody
because he's afraid they're going to like Terry
and his head off, which they probably would.
But he's not there, payroll.
Well, yeah, that could be it.
But so he always just delicately
dances around the edges instead of like taking a real shot.
That's that's that's, well, and you know something else
I was thinking about.
Well, if this were a real market, which is not,
if we had a real radio person writing a column
about what's happening in local radio
and not that I was looking for publicity,
but the thing would mean landslady yesterday,
any market where somebody writes about
what's happening in radio, that would have been a story.
Yeah, see what I'm saying?
Right, yeah.
In fact, if probably in Tampa, if they would have known
about it, the attributor of the St. P. Times,
there would have been something about that
because he was legendary over there and still is.
But so, but again, in this town,
we got Tom Jekyll writes his puff pieces
about network TV shows, generic that could have been printed
like in Augusta, Maine, and that's it.
Just this is a bush league place.
That's why Barry Jackass is writing
sports broadcasting on the hero.
And Jim Sarny, man, have you ever met Jim Sarny,
Beast?
Yeah, he actually wrote a whole article about me.
Oh, that's right.
Now, remember that.
Well, that should tell you a lot right there.
What is his story?
Is he like an old toad?
It's probably those 50s or early 60s.
That's what I've been toad.
He just says, such a funny dirty and the stuff that he writes
and what's his obsession with Evan Toen on 760 in Palm Beach?
Evan is a pretty nice guy.
He's a pretty guy.
Mommy, that's maybe that answered my question.
Somebody QIM, hello.
Pass the hall, guys.
Hi.
Wow.
Somebody QIM, hello.
Who else am you?
Yes, sir.
All right.
That's story about Barry Jackass.
And there are some screen things for that.
So he doesn't have to make that crazy move.
Hey, listen, you were talking a while back
about the bikes in Holland.
Why there's so many bikes?
And who's taking which one?
Who's taking the other one?
Yeah.
The way they do it is like going to the swing club.
You just pick up the one who drives the best.
I said how does people do it?
I wonder which you great holiday, man.
Thank you.
Thank you, Polly.
Potsies.
Do it.
OK.
Beat Truman.
Well, here's a fast memory from Boko.
My eyes have been open.
He says, Florida Plunder and Loot.
He says, after reading that FPNL is about to purchase
an under-utility service for $11 million,
I had an epiphany.
Well, I know a lot of us have an epiphany lately.
You know what?
First, you go to Tiffany's and then you have an epiphany.
The only thing public about this corporation
are the people that screw.
Is that was naive enough to think that the purpose
and mission of any public utility, which
is granted monopoly status by the government,
was to serve the public.
Oh, that's a hot one, Murray.
Who's being naive now, OK?
In FPL's case, however, it's clear that their primary mission
is to make money and to do so with the expense of the public.
How can Florida Plunder loot possibly
ask the state for permission to raise the rates,
change the charges and consumers when it has $11 billion
to invest in another business?
Should the $11 billion be used to one lower electric bill
here or two, rebuild a hurricane-proof system
of providing electricity in South Florida?
Oh, the shareholders wouldn't be happy with that.
Who are the people sitting on the Bush Appointing Commission
that gives FPL such a deal?
Why are these people appointed,
brighed, rather than elected?
Why hasn't any local media outlet jumped on this and exposed
FPL for what it really is, a business, which
is more interested in shareholder dividends
and executive bonuses and serving the people of South Florida?
It boggles my mind, says Murray from Boka.
Even more so than Wolfie's closing down.
Somebody needs to stand up and say,
no, just say no to this proposed merger
and insist the money be spent where it should.
Where are the heroes in this state?
Oh, brother, Murray, I think he'd been
even too much home-intoxin sight even for him yet.
That's bad.
All your kids out there don't eat
stale home-intoxin, especially those little media
hard ones, they're like bricks.
I think they could use those in curling.
By the way, anybody ever...
Huh?
I just try to picture that.
If you ever have any doubts that the Canadian people
are very nice people, but very silly.
They inherited that silly thing from the rich.
What's some curling, eh?
This is a nice and proper commercial.
Just so that this is 5.16.2.8.
War and U.A.
War and U.A.
War and U.A.
On World News tonight, a Navy C-News exclusive,
the secret tapes of President Bush,
ABC's Jonathan Carl, obtained exclusive access to the tapes.
The White House says then Governor Bush had no idea
he was being recorded.
Well, I think I...
Sometimes I'm mangled in the slimes.
I'm just...
Breaking Jagan all the time.
Errrr...
I hope to must drink.
I'm sick.
Incoherent.
The White House is not happy about the tapes.
I believe I'm gonna...
Jonathan Carl, ABC News, Washington.
Oh, W.O.
Boy, come, come, come, come, protect his way.
The guitar on my knee,
While they died in Louisiana,
I raised passionately to E.O.D.
O.K.A.
Trena, don't put no blame on me.
Let me come from my vacation
For a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now do a little swim through the warless sound.
Swing to the left to the right.
Here we go.
Swing a little mug up, though she go.
O.K.A.
Trena, why didn't those people clean?
And the person will leave the end up
And it is for directing.
Talk about your death-long presidents.
Oh, you ain't kidding.
Goodbye, George.
You gotta go me O.M.I.O.
You gotta go home,
Because what's up, bad, on the bio?
But you sure flew quick when it came to sick?
Carrie Shiloh.
Son of a bullsh** is a foot in your tush.
Now say goodbye, O.M.I.O.
To George, why people's rounds?
You played a round of relaxing golf,
Well, he was on the cash.
Why are he using that?
You're a couple of keys.
That's evident, though.
Oops.
And no one cares.
Do we even prepare for the worst scenario?
You with the one busy having fun
And that's no good.
You investigate, at a later date,
That's real bullsh**.
Tell me, you should try to ones that
Don't you get locked up so it don't continue?
Ah, duh.
But no one will get blamed like with Agent Plane.
No hands will roll.
Of course.
And as for this,
To be a slap on the wrist,
And no charges file,
What a surprise.
Because you're a liar.
No one gets fired with each new mess,
So nobody, a new get-toll slip in the poles,
That's no problem, O.M.I.O.
He'll fix it.
Your spin machine will deal with new whirlings,
Because that's their job, O.M.I.O.
As for usual, son of a bush,
Here's a foot in your touch,
Your an asshole.
We just don't understand,
You got blood on your hands,
But what, no brain, O?
I'm a problem, son.
You made it obvious,
At least in those noblers,
You have no shame, O shame, what's that?
And what's with that smurf,
Your stupid jerk, when people have died, O?
Son of a bitch, you should be in
Beach, then we mean problems.
Now, do us all a favor and get the f*** out.
You're here.
Jackass.
1049, maybe El Presente was watching Jackass on MTV,
You think through?
It's possible.
Maybe just to emulate it.
O, you see who died?
No.
And either one of you is going to have any idea who it was either.
Some football player?
No, former senator Bill Proxmeyer of Wisconsin.
Oop.
Famous for his Golden Fleece Awards,
highlighting government waste.
William Proxmeyer, Wisconsin,
Democrat, whose enthusiasm for clean living
became as much as US Senate hallmark
As his good governance measures and Golden Fleece Awards
died early yesterday at the Copper Ridge Care Facility
in Sykesville, Maryland.
Copper Ridge sounds like a nursing home, doesn't it?
Oh, and that's why he had the Alzheimer's last few years.
I forgot about that.
He was 90 and had Alzheimer's disease
like somebody said only seconds ago.
Proxmeyer, who served from 57 to 89,
was considered one of the most tenacious legislators
on Capitol Hill and Bill of Reputation
as a public schooled on fiscal matters,
even if it didn't apply to his own states
during a price report.
He was an iconoclast to enjoy life as a political
loner in Washington
while becoming one of his state's most revered characters.
Never heard of William Proxmeyer?
Nope.
He never heard of the Golden Fleece Awards?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Proxmeyer became a household name for his monthly
Golden Fleece Awards starting in 1975
to highlight the biggest or most ridiculous
or most ironic example of government waste.
The ceremony as such was a speech on the Senate floor.
Well, there you go.
Bill Proxmeyer is a, he made it till 90
and there's probably a blessing
because he had Alzheimer's last few years
and he was in a facility, yeah.
That's something.
That's one thing.
I don't know about you, but when I croak,
I don't want to be in a facility.
No.
Do you know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Getting abused by a healthcare workers,
that kind of thing?
Like a nurse rancher.
Right.
Although maybe the chief will be there with his juicy fruit
and he'll take this sink, pull the sink out of the floor
and knock it right through the window
and of course that'll be after he puts the pillow over my head.
Now, look at this.
It says here's a fact that says the beastlies did a good deed
by putting together a hurricane relief concert
and for Myers and association with K-Rock.
What a show.
Joe Lenturner of the Purple Rainbow and whatever that is.
Mark Charman,
Ternan from Grand Funk Railroad,
Buck Derma,
Leverboy,
Eddie Money,
Robinsander,
Rick Nielsen from Cheap Trick,
Brian Johnson Clifford,
who was from ACDC.
Everyone's saying four songs except the guys from ACDC
was saying five.
Then everybody came out and saying,
highway to hell together.
Well believe me, if the beastlies had something to do
with it, that's appropriate.
The highway to hell.
The groups came out one after the other with really any delay
and after they finished their set they'd sing back up for the ice group.
Unfortunately, there was a little promotion
leading up to the show on the West Coast and none here.
I was lucky to find out about it last week says the
Faxor Procetic Rate Show, the attendance was less than 5,000.
All proceeds went to hurricane relief and cost only 25 bucks.
It was well worth to grab across the alley to watch this incredible show.
They sure never gave it to any information
who was promoted today.
No.
Well,
by the way, it says apparently Omelit is landed on the station
as he was there announcing the acts on what station?
Okay, rock and uh, Fort Myers, right, 96 FM.
Omelit.
Well, there you go.
You got Omelit is toast and the juice is uh, got a big oh and uh, I'll add.
What a joke.
How is uh, for how to do it?
Fax 6705, 60 pond five, 60 Meverized and Singular Roses.
He had a call like spotty one here one there.
I knew that.
Yeah.
What happened?
Well, I mean, we're getting all these great calls today.
No, this is getting real close.
I don't want to like eat your nervous about next week,
but it's getting close to you know, people are out shopping like crazy.
By the way, Northeast, not here thank goodness.
The sun is shining.
It's beautiful.
There's almost no snow.
It's already melting and vanishing, but little we can.
And there was one blob on the radar that looked, you know,
and I'm not a big one, but look I was going to be more snow.
And it was headed right in this direction and I looked at it again
and it kind of looked at took a turn to the east and you'll never guess where
it's headed directly for right now.
I give up.
Think of Woody Graver and Fat Boy.
Buffalo.
I have to.
Oh, okay.
Buffalo.
I'm gonna say it, man.
I can't fit the name.
Why am I at it?
It's any person.
Unless those people are being kept prisoners,
I want anybody who would want to live in Buffalo.
I just, it's just amazing.
It's like a, it's a maggot magnet.
Every storm, every piece of bad weather, every ounce of crap,
always has got going right toward Buffalo.
And the Hamburg and the Pew.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello?
How good of you.
How you doing?
All right.
Sorry.
I'm just shoveling food in my plus air.
Okay.
Well, better than you than the beast, man.
That's for sure.
I'm, I don't, I'm nowhere near him.
My 15, you might get a kick out of this.
My 15 year old boy comes up to me with a time magazine laughing
and goes check this out.
A little comic strip with a little fat kid about 10 years old
in front of a chalkboard to teach your next to him.
On the chalkboard, something like an assistance.
On the chalkboard, it says, I will not lose my focus on homeland security.
And the fat kid is standing sideways, looking out the window and going,
look at the little birdie.
See ya.
You are, you are, I'm interpret that for you.
I was hoping you could.
What did I miss?
I don't know.
Look at the little birdies.
Okay.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
So that's it.
That takes care of the calls.
That means I can just play it.
Probably play some theme segments like the last one about bush.
We'll play like more chunks of bits about bush.
And then maybe, oh yeah, somebody will know.
Oh, no, it's not a low block.
Oh, a whole block.
Like maybe two hours of it.
But it was terrible songs that I write in Fagidor and,
I write them in Fagidor and sings them.
I write them in Fagidor and sings them.
I write them in New Stingham, however that is.
Tadiens would have to pay a 20% tax on pornography according to a budget amendment
that crewed a first legislative hurdle a couple days ago.
The proposal was approved at committee level expected to go before the chamber of deputies
or in the next week.
The taxes expected to raise about $260 million to help reduce the national deficit
and health fund government tax breaks to families.
I believe the porn tax is important not for more realistic reasons,
which don't concern me.
But because I think that at a time of difficult economic conditions for families,
it's right to tax products that are not essential.
Lawmaker Daniela Santace was quoted as saying by the Ansono's agency,
the taxing porn owe in Italy and Tadiens.
I guess they're going to have to put a tax on all of them statues too, you know.
With all of them things hanging around.
Good point, or just put a big leaf on them.
No, that's no fun.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Neil.
Maybe John Ascroft can do that.
He's got a lot of time on his hands.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Colin from Sunrise Lake just promised to say how much we love you over here.
What do I want George now?
Just a quick point about that gastric bypass surgery.
I had it about two years ago.
Lost about 160 pounds, but beyond it.
I've been sick ten times more after I've had that surgery than when I was 448.
So think about it George, before you do it.
All right, I'll do it George.
I'll think it's my family.
George, you better not get it done.
God do it George.
What do you mean you fat slav?
I'm still in the door now.
Because I should tell you guys don't do it.
God do it.
You think you're having you're all bound up now.
Just wait.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6 QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
It's time for a comedy with the winers on.
Shut your pie hole.
No, just take a card.
This will never go out of the way.
Never do anything.
If there's a baseball and football,
there's always some kind of sport that you said around watching TV.
Or cried out loud.
Shut your freaking pie hole.
Yes, sir.
O.J.
Suicide.
That's it.
You know how this is.
Juice.
I can take care of this situation.
Well, you just gotta be careful.
If the shoot'll fit,
they gotta quit.
I told you.
Shut your pie hole.
Shut your pie hole.
Murdy night at 8.
I miss you guys a few days.
You got it.
The bad dog is bad.
Singing more duet on the banded scene.
Volume 2.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Overnumbered.
It's backstaring off with the great singing boy.
Which even more.
It starts.
The bad dog does them all.
Baby.
Oh, right.
I'm the people fall.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
It's an all new British invasion.
With the bad dog singing like a man.
I like it.
I like it.
The truth is finally out.
That gym manager was truly the fifth people.
Get out of here and get in love.
And get in love.
Everyone loves the land.
And now your head's to say.
You always hear me say.
You're gonna be alright.
You're gonna be alright.
Oh, right.
Here's the bad dog's ender and hunching tribute to the kids.
They're leaving this.
Oh, right.
It's all right.
They're just leaving the world anyway.
They're leaving this.
The bad dog was just a little endiveling.
When we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so.
So we had Luke of Rotsie pay him a little visit.
And tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's kind of a fifth is cute.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
And it's sick.
I'll do you do.
Available now if you move quickly.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
So what do you think he's really trying to tell us?
Oh, right.
That's what I think.
1104, there's your buddy, Julie Reminds.
I mean, why we remain there.
Why we are critical to America's national security and how we intend to win.
Oh, brother.
So anyway, I'm sure you want to hear a lot more about Howard's last day on Terrestrial Radio.
No.
Because FMQB is obsessed.
I mean, they're just all over it like stink on Mandy Bellman, like stink on Fatboy.
And by the way, George, don't get that bypass.
You know, what else am I going to do? I've tried all the diets.
Surely to be considered one of the longest good vibes in history of broadcasting
approximately 14 months, Howard Stern's last week on the Terrestrial Radio where it was began
before joining Syria satellite radio January 9th has been filled with laughs and tears
gashed goodbye appearances live and via phone from show regulars passed in prison
and playing of bits from the past 20 years most likely never be heard again.
At all, accommodating with today's final show, which included a rally complete with pomp and circumcise,
speeches and lots of, uh,
a lot to be expected debauchery in front of thousands of fans all over the US
who gather outside New York City Studios of Stern's flagship station WXRK K-Rock.
Following brief speeches to be assembled crowd from Stern, show members Robin Quivers,
Arty Lang, Gary Baba Buigilabata and Fred Norris.
What if he's getting to Gordon Norris?
With Yahoo's streamed on the internet, by the way, OG, you could have heard it.
Stern took to the stage and proclaimed that a fan appreciation day.
Cleaning for impunity broadcasting to let me have my tapes back,
Stern spent about 20 minutes thanking the fans, his show team, his WAC Packers,
the New York City Police and soldier serving around the world.
He also rowed the crowd with his dissing of clear channel for firing him, the FCC and the religious right.
Before the crowd chance of Howard, Howard began Stern's final remarks were,
don't break up the family, it'll be a great ride in the future.
Immediately following the final broadcast, Stern boarded the double-decker Yahoo bus
and took his fan that he blocks away to the hard rock cafe for a party that was to include music from Cheryl Crow.
Ooh!
Are you impressed about that or wow?
Cheryl Crow, I'd be more impressed if the Crow showed up than Cheryl.
But nevertheless, at least it was very good.
Huh?
At least the Crow would be smelling good.
I'd like to hear Cheryl smell just by, man.
He bathed in that cashmere bouquet.
1478 votes on the pool.
How do you rate yourself as a human being?
Be pretty good, 767.
See average 245.
D, many flaws 171.
And that one after the 177 that's the beast.
He's the odd one.
Believe me.
A, the best 158, better than all the rest of us, they must be sensational people.
God, I'd like to meet some of them before I croak.
F, I'm a piece of Schmidt 122.
And E, not a good person 16.
I think E or F would be appropriate there.
So even his wife has given us a second tarot, huh?
Well, no miracle.
We're gonna go there.
What?
Go there.
Believe me.
It's tempting.
I'm not doing it.
So Barry Jackass writes the biggest story in sports broadcasting of the year.
790 to take a grabbing dolphin game from QA.
I'm an unveiling a new announcing team.
Jimmy Cifilis and Joe Rose.
That's his flagship.
He's a partner or station.
In other words, he's got his head up their ass.
Actually, they didn't grab the game.
They spent $4.5 million a season, which they'll never make back if they lived to be a thousand,
especially with their chairs.
Number two, Jim Mandage staying at QA.
Instead of moving to 790 for dolphin games at a talk show, a move that hurts 790 as much as it helped WQAM.
Absolutely.
Best newcomers to the market.
Dave Strader, the Apanter Broadcaster, long time NHL voices, capable to replace Jeff Rimmer and move to the Columbus Straight Jackets.
Three.
NBC's 6th is Adam Cooperstein and Channel 7's Larry Ridley, both for upscree.
Cooper D.
Both of them were upgrades over those they replaced Lindsay Charniac and Rod Berks.
Adam Cooperstein?
Yeah, you like he's pretty good.
Yeah, and I think you'd like him.
What do you mean you think I'd like him?
He's a young hip-bug guy.
I see.
I always like that Adam Cooperstein.
Kevin Rogers, talk show host, brought a presence and drive with the 790's evening slot and can't improve too much on that.
Oh!
But maybe a little bit.
Kevin Rogers, have you heard him?
Do you know who that is?
Yeah, I know who he is.
And?
Very benign.
Just whatever.
Very benign, I see.
Most bizarre stories is Barry.
790 Sid Rosenberg walking off his own show when he was criticized by co-host O.J. McDuffie.
If you're not talking more about the doffins, we want some more doffin love, man.
And of course, they contrived episode in their part that went over like a pregnant pole-volver in the equator in the middle of July.
Most outrageous move, the Pentecostum, they were announced to be positive during a horrible start of the season.
That again is Barry's naivete.
He didn't understand.
It said all the organizations do that.
They're all over their broadcast.
He was like stink on a fat boy.
Whatever you do, it will be positive.
We got to get some asses and no seats.
Biggest head scratch is that all of them are unnecessarily drawing out their announcers for five months.
And first offering the job, the Tony Cigaretteau, who had done play by playing a quarter of a century.
And then it's chewing the conventional approach to pair two former doffins in the booth, including a play by playing out to Jimmy Cifalus,
who had done mostly color commentary.
Well, I see that the networks Chris Hollinsworth, who is despised by virtually everybody,
he's been up to maybe a play by play guy.
Another obnoxious move.
Although it's not that Jimmy Cifalus obnoxious, he's just unqualified.
Week.
Most unfortunate trends, several of the markets play by play announcers lack the commanding voices that we were accustomed to during the days of Moa Howard David O'Brien.
The first one in line before Rick Weaver.
Worst move.
Fox S F S N and Q A M not carrying the news conference announcing Jack McCain's resignation.
Oh my goodness.
How could we ever get away with that?
I'm sure it must have happened between 10 and 2.
So it's like very taken a little shot.
Well, I got that Near Rogers on between 10 and 2.
It doesn't talk about sports.
He got that filthy disgusting program.
And you know, and that was another one of those deals.
Just like the having a Joe Girardi, everybody knew it long before the press conference.
Just like the firing of a stand by.
I mean, the resignation stand by in Gandhi and the re-hiring of Pat Riley, which we also didn't carry that one.
Most creative programming.
Sunsports series of inside the heat clever profiles.
Oh man.
I'm sorry, I missed that.
So that's basically what Barry has to say today.
A bunch of Kakar.
56670560, pound 560 and then Verizon's single arrival.
We're off to a fine start on the phones.
Not in quantity today, but in quality.
You couldn't beat these, could you?
No, not with a stick.
WDQIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm great.
Are you happy to know that the Pentagon is spying on Americans that don't like war?
Yeah, they're probably spying on my ass.
I watched what I was going to say.
You know, it's your anti-war.
I guess you're stomached to being spied upon.
The young man.
John Dean can expect this.
As a matter of fact, I got a story here which I'm never going to get to because I don't feel like it.
But I got to say that there are 80,000, 80,000 people on the US Terror Watchlist.
80,000.
Well, yeah, my uncle is one of them because he happens to have the name of a IRA terrorist.
He's been stopped by more than it's your occasions because he happens to have a common Irish name.
I'll be done.
One other thing I wanted to mention was I don't know if you saw the New York Times article that came out about how the US is monitoring international calls and push gave the order for it.
Yeah.
I guess what I really like about it was that the Times agreed at the behalf of an administration official to not publish the story for a year.
Of course.
Not the publisher's story for a year.
There may have been an election at or near the time and because they were so truthful to the New York Times and the Leopthas of the War.
Exactly.
Probably, but I knew the Miller Party had her refined fingers stuck out.
Yeah, I told you.
For super secret top clearance.
Okay.
I'd like to ask Polly and don't forget Deutch Line to Ubrollas.
See ya.
Practice that goose step, baby.
We're goose stepping.
What is John McCain?
I'm a king.
He's very...
Who leaves me kind of limp.
I know a lot of you people think he's really a wonderful American and he's a bigot of this anti-torture stuff and yaddy-oddy-oddy-oddy.
But nevertheless, he's not over the pile.
He's a better than Joe Lieberman.
We look him a lot better.
We like...
You know something?
We like even...
Don't do it, you Lieberman.
I'm not a Lieberman, dude.
And...
But it'll be...
Put it about...
On his Mrs. Limbaugh talking over for you Lieberman.
Why'd you do that, honey?
Who's that in me as crack that he's gone on?
I had to say.
I was just getting a gay.
I didn't think that was a real gay.
What's your face, couple?
Who is it?
Maybe a couple.
Oh, I have no idea who that is.
That's not Ted Coppill's daughter.
I believe it is, yes.
Oh my God.
That must be the reason she got an in-bus.
She used to cover the State Department from her lovely appearance.
It's 1113 at 560 WQAM.
Pompadopark Racing and Poker's got the gambling action you want.
In fact, today, in this weekend, and for a long time.
Feaching live harness racing in the Great Poker Card room.
Pompadopark is open every Wednesday, Friday, like today, and Saturday.
And, best of all, admission in parking are always free at Pompadopark.
Come root home a winter from the railer, scream at Walley Hennessy and tell me it's a stiff.
Or enjoy poker in their smoke-free card room with tournaments every day.
I'll see you find cymbal casting every single day.
These seven days a week, harness, turbot, highlight action from all across North America.
Post time for the first race, 725 PM in the Card room opens at noon, which means less than an hour from now.
Race head candidate.
That's the red spine gold of Wistcoff.
They're threatening to fill a bus here against the Patriot Act.
You go, boys.
PAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
PAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
APAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
APAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAP
A robot
I know it's glow when something stays.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins suddenly start to tickle.
I had annoyed and it was all yours.
Yeah, I drove back up all the way.
That's because I'm currently old-fashioned.
But I know it's not true.
It's with all the veins.
I'm not too old to see.
And try and start out this lovely.
I know that we've been with all the veins.
The door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
I'm trying to out of sight.
I'm trying to out of sight.
I'm trying to out of sight.
Yeah, no having a day or two, whatever.
With the oldest bootmider over this area, it grows apart.
Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson?
Sure, grows apart, throw it on the bus.
But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man.
And played with balls in a major league of the children's game.
I mean, come on, who's done more for the black community?
Rules of bugs or Jackie Robinson?
Ah!
Jackie Robinson was my hero.
Why I can remember when I was a much younger man.
And Jackie, he was working at the shop full of nuts.
I walked up to him, shook his hand and said to him,
you are my hero.
Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rose had made coffee and had heavily?
No, I'm not a manager.
What do you want?
Yes, ma'am.
I think what you're doing here.
Hey, hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Oh, you can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that I'm presuming.
Oh, he must have been not disconnected.
Through no fault of my own.
On any time, pal, you're winning the high thorns.
Who haven't had any?
Tell me, tell me, touch your actions and pop it up.
No, no, no, no.
That's not what I said to you.
Now, don't get me wrong here.
It goes up to like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Rosa Parks or Nipsey Russell?
Nipsey Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
Oh, you'll be talking about that.
Oh, I got it up.
The food they work at right.
They work at right the food they work at right.
Well, who did more?
Rosa Parks or Jackie White?
Who did more?
Who did more?
Rosa Parks or Jackie.
Who did more?
Who did more?
Rosa Parks or Jackie?
I'm not gonna.
Who did more?
Wearing parts for work parts.
No, no.
Now, that's not what he's like the other day.
It's just a rock.
It's a rock.
Two.
So the great my old pal Troy.
In keeping with the high standards of broadcasters,
in the tradition of Edward Arnoros,
560 WQAM presents now see here with Mohawi David.
I'll see here.
Now the new gig here.
And if I am so choose to stay,
I will change the face of whatever that is told.
Now see here.
Who did more for radio?
Neil Rogers or Hoi Baskar Anderson?
Ah!
Hello again.
Here's my best view.
Are you guys all right?
I'm a high-send.
Hoi Baskar Anderson.
That's who?
But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radion.
And at Pike Smokka, he ain't no mayor.
Why Hoi Baskar Anderson sang nice song.
Oh, he had a beautiful photo.
I'll tell you what the thing is.
Are you guys all right?
Thank you, Rogers. No single song about that nutty name.
With the Norgonoy.
Why sure?
That's where that's Neil singing in the disturbing songs about the Norgonoy.
And then if I get the one here, he writes in the Norgonoy, and then he'll sing them.
Now you know he's queer.
But real men don't sing.
And another thing, Hoi Baskar Anderson,
with a lot better than Neil too,
that there's what made him their best thing.
On the next installment of,
I'll see here,
who made a better cup of coffee.
Mrs. Olson,
or Jackie Robinson.
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for a moment, Dignitz.
And I'll see here,
not there over here.
I'll see here, please, Mr. Baskar.
You're gonna get a three-year-old kid, you know what I hate you.
You're gonna get a two-year-old kid.
One-year-old one.
Don't want your check is there.
One-year-old one.
Don't want your rinky hair.
And what do you want?
I want to take the wheel and fix it.
What do you want?
I just want my own thinking shop.
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
I'm making them the train.
Away from our school.
You will not get my time slot.
For a door, you know it.
And the design, you might find a man.
Yeah, I want them to know the story.
Yeah, I like one.
The three jazz, who are on the...
Yeah, I like one.
The three jazz, who are on the...
The three-pooh, that are on the...
Yeah, well, I'll see you one.
I make you know when we'll start.
Yeah, I want my own thinking shop.
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
Hoi Baskar!
I don't think I'm shop.
Yeah, I got the street hot.
Hoi Baskar!
11.26 a.k.a.m.
So, let's see, Iraqi security forces
caught in Surgeon Leader Abou Mousaval Zakarui
in the Fallujah area last year.
But, released him.
Because he didn't realize who he was.
The Deputy Interior Minister said that in every broadcast today.
The minister is named, by the way, as Major General Hussein Kamal.
I see.
Alright.
I like that.
Oh, you might want to have a friend.
I bring a friend.
Said, how's it going?
I said, you want to send Erick a little message
in the chat room there.
I've been trying to get a response from Erick since this morning.
Really?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I haven't got one.
You trying to call him?
Not yet.
Because I faxed him a new poll for the weekend
which needs to go up sometime in the next couple of hours.
Because I want to switch it over before I leave.
I...
So you might want to pass that message all along.
Maybe Erick is like out of commission.
Maybe he's like out of touch.
Or maybe he's just, as usually is the case, eating.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
That's why I have my hair man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been to Reno's cargo parko.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
And Oregon, we're gonna California.
In Texas.
And the main colorful is the blue rock, black rock, whatever rock.
We're gonna South, we're gonna South Michigan.
And it's definitely pretty easy to take my ship.
We're women.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
And then we're gonna watch it and see the date like a way down.
Yeah!
We're gonna watch it and see the date like a way down.
Yeah!
We're gonna watch it and see the date like a way down.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
What will I be doing up here in Texas?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Exactly.
There was light from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume sex, brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Yes, it's the rapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere, then the man says,
Lion, the light wasn't there, he said,
I've done good, there's no doubt.
On the seventh day, he just jumped out,
Genesis, Genesis, beginning of that,
finally the good book is there,
and his word is not there.
Check it out, there's a child,
Gold Saga and the Mora.
Everybody's body's like no tomorrow.
God's a douse, it's not my fault.
Don't look back or you turn to some white trick of paint.
Start at the free, the cow came up and they crushed it.
Take a lick, y'all, I'll be she, y'all.
Imagine all the song, all the parables,
every sacred biblical word,
interpreted by the finest Saga MC's of all time.
Genesis, Genesis, Genesis,
the Raphing Bible, making his word fresh again.
Every good Christian knows a game to play
and it's not so very hard to do.
The name of the game is the Bible,
that you are chosen to play, we do.
Tell people you know the ways,
the Bible says,
it might go to your house,
the Bible says,
it's their possessions, the ways,
the Bible says,
and then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to play,
if you play, the Bible says,
it's true,
but the Bible says,
no matter what you do,
you can be guilty of the Lord,
we'll always forgive you.
Pick up the poison, it's names,
the Bible says,
wave it all around.
Find the fortune,
win it,
the Bible says,
and you the doctor down.
Everybody,
we all are okay.
Come on, you young people, we can't.
Speak the crap out of your kids,
the Bible says,
you're the right of me,
the Bible says,
you're the share of the things,
the Bible says,
and that's the way around.
The Bible says,
I don't want you to get sick,
the Bible says,
you make a sacrifice,
you set the hand every now.
My religion's better than your religion,
my religion's better than your crap.
My religion wants you to fly,
you will go in a lagoge fire,
my religion's better than yours,
my religion's better than yours,
my religion's better than yours,
my religion's better than yours,
my religion is better than yours,
my religion is definitely worse than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Do you know what religion is better than yours?
My religion is also better than yours!
We have no respect for women.
Driver can't do better than yours.
I believe it's better than yours.
I believe it's better than yours.
You for how for us will you go?
We slaughter pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion's better than yours.
I believe it's better than yours.
I believe it's better than yours.
We are the slaves.
We are the kings and the kings of the hypocritical.
I believe it's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
I believe it's better than yours.
We now endorse the father.
We like forward flashes.
We are the leaders.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and white.
Our bikes and cats and cats and cats.
We like to wise my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now want to use our rain for mind.
We're slowly going for rain.
My religion's better than yours.
We'll theme Victacra like one there.
I think it is too.
Speak of that story.
I will.
The story that the guy I called in about.
President Bush signed a secret order in 2002 authorizing the National Security Agency to eavesdrop
on U.S. citizens and foreign nationals in the U.S.
Despite previous legal provisions against such domestic spying, sources with knowledge of the program said last night.
The super-siquitive NSA, which has generally been barred from domestic spying,
except in very narrow circumstances involving foreign nationals, has monitored the email telephone calls and other communications of hundreds, perhaps thousands of people under the program, the New York Times, this goes last night.
The end of the program was directly monitored by the phone calls and other communications of people in the U.S.A.
believed to have contacted with suspected associates of Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups overseas, or maybe even Al Goldstein, according to two former senior administration officials.
Authorities including a former NSA director, Gerald General Michael Hayden, were worried that vital information could be lost in the top of the country.
The program took the secure war to make special surveillance court.
But the program's ramifications also prompted concerns from some quarters, including Senator J. Rockefeller, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee and the presiding Judge of the Surahalins Court, which oversees lawful domestic spying court of the Times.
The Times said it held off on publishing its story about the NSA program for a year after administration officials said its disclosure would harm national security.
The White House made no comment last night. A senior official reached by telephone said the issue was too sensitive to talk about. None of several press officers responded to telephone remarks.
There you go. Two sensitive to talk about.
Mom is the word.
Kind of like what Clarence was telling me this morning. Two sensitive to talk about.
Now did Eric give you a response? He must have been an M.I.
No, no, no, no, we're all on board. We're on the same page.
Yeah. Because I'm getting worried. I'm thinking of whatever the beast is not eating now. Eric is trying to compensate.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 Q.A.
Friday you bastard. All right.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, he's President of the f***er. Republican muscle man, and in our T-Killin' Idiot I don't know why they wouldn't want to die but no easier person than for you, boy. President of the f***er. Oh, what I get to know no one's wrong.
And get to wheel your voted home. Oh, why? Yeah, you want this?
Don't talk about this drum and stupid me. Don't talk about this drum and rich kid.
Don't talk about this even, don't talk about me. He's President of the f***er. Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him here by hook or crook with Chris. Oh, I know what's up with you and I have a health of fear.
We've got a great leader with President of the f***er. Republican, President of the f***er.
We are the new Christiana team. George horses are Christ and King. We are end of ignorant muck wants.
Brace to the Alabrins of weakness. You sacrifice we must ingest. The body and blood of the full will slash.
The Lord and the God of the f***er.
The Lord and the God of the f***er. The Lord and the God of the f***er.
The Lord and the God of the f***er. The Lord and the God of the f***er.
The Iraqi people, they are f***ed. He might have heard that triple punch. Oh, some have been lowness. Sometimes I'm mangling with lonesome.
Well, I f***ed back in a minute with more than I should. This is CNN.
Now, in some of the dishes in the George, the nation acquires is that you're under a lot of stress because of the tree in it and you're drinking again.
I hope so much so drink. That's not good, George. And the people of Ukraine. What are you talking about?
I said that I wanted to... Oh, George. Oh, what's up? George, you've got to be more careful.
No, you've got to be more careful.
I'm in a good parents because you've been drinking. Burn into your polish for a half hour. It is my style.
Stay tuned. There's more inside edition to come. Looking for a breakfast cereal chocolate and with pastry out of goodness? Try his GW book plates.
Hequats comes falling out into the explosive goodness. If you've been late in the round waiting on a new American cereal home, mama, this one is the bottom.
Each bowl is full of your USA requirement of vitamins V1B, V52, FV18, F16, and F17. So when you're cruising down the runway, it's your local grocers. Don't forget to pick up new GW book plates. It's explosively good.
Bush hates gays. Bush hates gays. Feed how he'll pass. A gay amendment ban. While off defendants is where they go to become a married home, homo is discussed with unless you are hooked to a row because Bush hates gays.
George, I read that you were supposed to discontinue their search for WMVs.
Those weapons of mass destruction got to be somewhere. George, you promised you'd find them. I will not rest. Nope, no weapons over there. George, what are you doing?
No weapons over there. Mr. Bush, I'd switch the medication if I was you. George, kill. Nope, no weapons over there.
Wait out. Heel. Time out. Heel out.
And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush, today, America's candidate addresses the Unionized Workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory, right in the here in Nevada.
South Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey, Bush, what are you know about working? I never have worked today in my entire life. Hands, smooth, silky, palm olive. You're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question.
Yo, man. Yes, sir. Yeah, well, you go to the guys now. What a good question. Important substantive marijuana legalization. No, absolutely not cocaine. Yes, PCP heroin, probably adventurous and better means without a doubt.
What are you going to do for the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close, not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a watch.
George, thank you very much. We got a gun. I got a gun. I'm the campaign trail with George W. Bush on the next theory.
Welcome to the show. Place president, this is you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these times and we need him for four more years. How did George get reelected anyhow?
Got his job because he's charming, sexy, good-looking and as great air. You and George are feuding. How come the president lies in the market? And the thing about the WMDs, it is a lie. It's the last time GW lied. Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man because he's stutter so fast. At the very least we have a right to know what he is saying.
Nick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you backstage. I admitted that Dick Cheney's in past. Oh, here's George now. Dick Cheney's in best and a safe and mussely. It is a lie.
I'm George W. Bush and I approve this message. It's kind of sensible. Rarely is the question I ask. Our is our children learning. Families is where our nation fights hope. We're wings, take drain.
You're working hard to put food on your sandwich. Prison is like Abu Gaut Reb. In my state of the Union, our state, my state of the nation. I don't even want to call it. Speak to me this morning.
No, they are reimos a ningun, nio atras. I'm honored to sing to him. They brave or whack the citizens who had his hand cut off by Sardin was singing.
You teach your child to read and hear her will be able to pass a literacy test. Our enemies are innovative and resourceful. So are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people and neither do we.
There's an old saying in Tennessee. I know it's a text that's not going to say this. There's food we want. Shame on you. It could be. I hear this rumors on the internet. Too many good dots are getting out of business.
Too many old B. G. Y. Ann's aren't able to practice their their love with women all across this country. You're free and freedom is beautiful. And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos and order. But we will.
I was young. I never responsible once but never got high. I may have seen a joint or two but I never got high.
Oh, sure me and my college buddies did eight ball lines. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high. Never got high.
I'm a stumbled and fell on the floor but not because I was high. I'm playing me say it in the record of my past of D. U. R. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high.
I know what I want to is so I never got high. This president has seen the dangers of hot. So I never got high. In fact, I personally witnessed a seed pop right in my eye. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high. Never got high.
It's let me 57 to QM anyway, which I switched the poll. How do you like that? Aren't you?
Well, you don't have to worry about it. I go vote for the weekend and from Monday. You're all set. The best 2005 movie I've seen is. All right. Let me look through the list. I made a list. Then I do you think I left anything off or the audience will find out. I did some very intensive research. I spent several seconds.
30 seconds putting that together. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
All right.
Sunday will be dead.
Sunday will all be dead. Absolutely.
The minute we're born, we start dying. We die a little more every day.
Younger old Richard, poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it. So look long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see.
Decorate your house in green and red. Someday you'll be dead. Some day you'll be dead. Some day you'll be dead.
I died on the air. Some day we'll all be dead. It might have been a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will soon soon soon soon you. So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into death.
That you thank God for your family. Because someday they'll be dead. Some day they'll be dead. Some day they'll be dead. Some day we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short time? Nobody knows. That's my point. Enjoy the world you can.
And so are Christmas morning. Let good tidings through your head. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead.
Some day we'll be dead. Some day we'll be dead. Some day we'll be dead. Some day we'll all be dead.
One you know, yet a very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead. Dead.
Boy! Merry Christmas everybody!
But critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I've been waiting for the right Christmas. Just like the one I used to know.
Yes, Candlewax music presents Elmer Fodz, Christmas classics and this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh what fun is to ride in a one-hours-open sway.
Oh what fun you have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits.
Move on to where nose-way dear. Pass a very shining nose. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well.
Elmer Fodz, Christmas classics, not available in stores and when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello everybody. I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So called Tolfria, 1-800, but operators are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Frosty, this no man was a code named for this guy.
He was selling drugs, OK, cocaine for the people to goodbye.
Went down to the village to a safe new clientele.
Like Oliver said, I don't do the drug. I just like the way he smelled.
But our friend, Minotruget, and when one day he was soft, and after he had made the deal,
he was turned out to be a cop.
Oh now he's in prison, making love to other men.
No he isn't gay but he had to face the beauty in the end.
Pumped in his room, pumped in his room, pumped in his room, look at the time they go.
Rack them.
She's rammed out from over at the Walmart.
Trap rolled under shoppers, 3D fees. Get out of my way you pervert.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Oh, what a ram I didn't know she'd be dead for me.
If we knew, we'd tell we'd wreck it.
Oh she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You've ruined Chris more than the EVV she owned.
Merry Christmas, kiss my ex.
But when those faithful doors won't open,
When the Walmart!
She was stepped on and begged up straight to the phone.
Grandma's now white out of action.
And the hospital she sits.
After her body is in traction,
And she even needs a nurse to take us better.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Trap rolled under shoppers, 3D fees.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Don't!
Or ram I didn't know she'd be dead for me.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Trap rolled under shoppers, 3D fees.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Or ram I didn't know she'd be dead for me.
No, number eight.
Give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
What's your risk?
This is the power of burning and caskies
to take the votes away from those twice killing Jews.
It's a hate squad.
Yes, the hate squad is grubbity or how's this Christmas?
You hate the Republican action figures I teach you.
How to participate in good Christmas Republican partisan rhetoric.
He's the most right-scary Jew.
He didn't realize the Romans, but they were enjoying.
Uncontrollable Christmas Christmas soldiers like us live on.
We got lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of love.
Oh, folks.
Staff and boys.
The junior and toe.
And face practice.
Take the pain in you.
Wave its power bill, sold separately.
Each action figure comes with its own 12 page propaganda booklet.
Explaining how the Jews were threatened from the 10th of August.
The 10th of August will bring swathe to the armed band.
And an additional island keeps up hating Uncle Tom.
But hurry, these actions figures says are available for a short time.
Only add just up and out.
Just in time for the holidays.
The most unusual Christmas album ever.
All grow, win free, burps the Christmas classics.
Listen to Oprah pass gas and Christmas masks.
All grow, win free, burps the Christmas classics.
All available in the freezer section at Ralph's.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Boy, it's been eye-hack quite a lot.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
But that's all right with me.
Because it was sprayed with badadwine.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
That's why I'm smoking all of my blood.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
That's why I'm smoking all of my blood.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
That's why I'm smoking all of my blood.
And Happy Chino if you do it.
It's 11 past noon.
Okay, the first poll is done.
How do you rate yourself as a human being?
1557 vote.
Pretty good.
B, 811.
Pretty good.
Sorry, I see.
average to 53 average is a so-so. The many flaws 179 imperfect. Yeah your friend
there. Any lunch for him today by the way? That's what I've said. Good. What do we
order in torture? A the best 169 people that none of us have ever met the best
they are perfect though. F I'm a piece of Schmidt 129 I think we'd have met some of
them you know what I mean? Not a good person 16 okay the new pool it's up there
right now got the 59 votes not too exciting 59 the best 2005 movie I've
seen is didn't see any 20 that was my 20 yeah 20 you see any? No no in
some other words you got on the add to that I saw a few of them. What are you laughing
about I mean you might not have seen any with what you're making who the
hell can afford it? What in crazier six Batman begins six in city five
broke back mountain four that's that game cowboy movie King Kong three star
wars the three three hits two Harry Potter the Goblet of Fire two war the
World's two Charlie and the chocolate factory one that's Johnny Depp Mr.
Mrs. Smith one millions one we for Madness one Madagascar one be cool one and
none yet for the family stone the producers longest yard ballad Jack and Rose
Ella Parker November happy endings Capote which is a pretty new very new the
jacket none mandatory dear Wendy who got the big oh so there's nothing that
talks to mine that I've left off let that I can say well do a little do a
little bit of research while you're sitting around your ass this is Neil Rogers
or not this is by 16 Q a.m.
How are you I'm Tommy from Taitami saying for the best Thai food and the best service
as long as you're not black comment down to Taitami or something we know like
black people say don't keep well besides why black people are two eat Thai food
anyway we're not have fried chicken on the menu always I forget we have a
spare ribs luching I talk what are there with a menu it's a button so if you're not
black comment down to Taitami come to think of it those damn gay people we know
like them either should they keep food but they talk too loud with funny
list the stuff all the customers no come back so no gay no black and while we're
added laddie people you make reservations for seven fifteen don't show up at 820
and expect you table we get to somewhere else already laddie people always
late no black no gay no like an entire coming and Jewish people you stop
picking all a bill who can't who have what pay with an angle that outside take
forty five minutes trying to divide up still we know what you hear no
you no black no back no Cuban and white people you think you better than
everybody else complain too much if we don't keep your eyes you know come back
no way no black no you no Latinos so gay everybody else for the best
Thai food come on down to Taitami on the beach hurry before we have to
close and have a nice day a couple more that we forgot about how can we forget
about the admiral movie oh that's right what's that called
uh... good night and uh... good night and good night and good luck
and they would have light up another one puffing and puffing on them
fangus and that we do and the other one is crash
having several people recommended until me there was going to be I would love
it miss great and it said when someone forgot all about it well let's crash it
uh...
what is that can I help you yeah I couldn't find that to be so much off of here
yeah uh... yeah uh... what's our name
Patrick Patrick
uh... so that is for the talk of someone named food
who? who's food
okay hold on for a second okay yeah
uh... hello
how's that?
yeah who's speaking?
uh yeah hello who's speaking?
uh... hello can you hear me?
yeah uh... you got a restaurant for sale?
uh... how much you want for this one?
well you come here to look at it and talk to the boss
I come over maybe eat dinner with you
okay uh... does that place include uh... all the walks?
uh huh?
what?
how much are you talking?
uh... Chinese?
yeah Chinese?
okay you can uh...
tell the boss
tell us uh...
yeah?
uh... two dollars
two dollars? two dollars?
yeah two dollars?
uh...
you don't know that's it
okay how about I get all the trouble
you know I come over to pick you up and look at your phone
okay
okay
what's your heart?
uh... you know
you know I'm not a manager
I'm not a manager
you know I'm not a manager
I'm not a manager
uh... do you want to buy some in a house?
I'm not a manager
I'm not a manager
okay I'll be right there
okay
I'm not a manager
I'm not a manager
okay I'll be right there
uh... bye
language tape number seven
ordering Chinese food over the phone
follow along and repeat
Chinese takeout manager
hello
I'm the first one to answer
customer
yes
I would like an egg roll to go please
takeout manager
uh... you want to be more
uh... you know
repeat
uh... you want to be more
uh... you know
I would prefer the egg roll please
takeout manager
okay I'll be more
uh... you want to be more
uh... you want to be more
you want to be more
uh... you want to be more
no mooshu
thank you
and
I requested an egg roll please
okay
you want to prove that I prove that I want to make a real egg roll
no poof who platter
or spring roll
just an egg roll
all right
so do you want to be more
right?
no
an egg an egg roll
just want an egg roll
understand
I don't want to be more
okay
I don't want to be more
okay
I don't want to be more
I don't want to be more
I don't want to be more
no no
no spring roll
I don't want to be spring
I just want an egg roll
one egg roll
okay
uh...
egg roll
yes
we are a lot of egg roll
baby you can go to the glider
uh...
now turn the tape over
for language tape number eight
giving directions to
iranian taxi drivers
and now
language lab
the show that teaches you a foreign language
in less than 60 seconds
today's lesson
Greek
lesson one
strawberry pie
strawberry pie
lesson two
apple pie
apple pie
lesson three
pumpkin pie
pumpkin pie
customer
what kind of pie do you have
answered
apple pie
strawberry
and pumpkin
language lab is a public service
and may not be copied or a price for
resale thank you
language tape number six
the convenience store
follow along and repeat
convenience store manager
hello
may I be to help you please
repeat
hello
may I be to help you please
customer
yes
I would like a pack of Parliament lights
convenience store manager
you have a parliament light
repeat
you have a parliament light
customer
yes
I would like a pack of Parliament lights
convenience store manager
uh...
these are Parliament lights
repeat
these are Parliament lights
uh... these were Parliament
customer
no
neither one of those is the Parliament light
wait no
is it this one?
no it's not that one
yes I want the Parliament lights please
is it this one?
no the part the Parliament lights
no no no
get your seats
no no no no no
over there by the dirty magazine
get your seats
listen laundry
it's a Parliament light
now
turn this tape over for language tape number seven
ordering Chinese food over the phone
oh yeah let's hear that one again
oh
you are going to add those two to the
yeah no
actually checking the spelling
oh I see
the spelling about crash
yeah
the spelling of what
good night and good luck
oh one word two words four words you know
I see in other words let's
let's get it absolutely correct
so you know how to do it
let's turn that mess around that's a good idea
well here's what we got so far 96 votes
the best two thousand i mean ears
damn over so i can't imagine anything
else needs to be on later on
the best two thousand food
my five movie i've seen so far
didn't see any of them thirty four
that was made i haven't seen anything on here
including the admiral movie
i'll see it soon you give me a bootleg copy
talking con yesterday
and just fine
bad reviews though
well it was just fine
okay well i don't pay attention
reviews anyway the usually cite
since city nine wedding crashers and fat men
begins eight star wars three seven
broke back mountain five that is so
gay uh... war the world's five definitely did not need to be remade
king con four very popular gobbled fire four
mr. missus smith free hitches got three be cool to
the producers one charlie the chocolate factory one one for millions be
from madness met a gasp of the jacket and none
zero for the family stone longest yard valid jacket rose le uh parker
november happy and a scopoity the manager or dear windy and i'm positive
those other ones are going to show up like momentarily
new
five
percentage
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy
Take a look at l.l.a. all white
Take a look at l.l.a. all white
Take a look at l.l.a. all white
Take a look at l.l.a. all white
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly
But now is my turn to show him what I have discovered
On that auspicious day
Lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro
There was a mist of his gleam in his eye
Then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Mmm, delicious!
Almost immediately, we crashed into bed.
It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the
White House.
I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered up stairs and told to put on a wig and hoops skirt.
And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason.
I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth
squealing.
When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed.
Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger.
He all didn't mind.
After all, what happens?
Chelsea, Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980 at 11.24 pm.
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yank me by my hair and
say, woman, don't spoil her.
I said okay.
Chelsea was old by her opium Addicted Father when she was eight years old.
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy.
That sealed the decision for Bill.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But even more frightening at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us.
She escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a whorehouse.
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me.
Hillary, Rodham, Clinton.
Chelsea said, come on, mom, don't do it.
Oh yeah, right, I said.
Looking like a dais boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me
and whispered in my ear.
You bitch.
Oh, I don't know it is a bad smell.
Why do you voices over there?
They know this is a stupid hat.
Childish meckles.
I don't know.
They just rub me the wrong way.
And my son, the Tizzle Lips and every speech of regents in the news.
Oh boy, Hillary hates Jews.
The de-mooties.
The new week hatred through the halls, Boston people's months of all, since in the news.
Ah, Hillary hates Jews.
And you won't catch your life in a menorah.
God, keep my Savow wonderful, war out.
When she spits I want a cry, she could use a good rap by it's in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
And please that we've already taken drugs this morning.
We do have a lot.
We need more and that's what this meeting and these announcements are about.
We need to ask also why aren't we doing drugs with other drugs?
I remember more than 30 years ago I was exposed to some of the greatest drugs in the country.
So I know firsthand from 30 years on my own behalf and watching experts.
So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning and that we will be even more committed to drugs.
Thank you all very much.
The candidate is often collected with a message and again a new message from our existing years and never cheated.
The candidate cannot be defeated with your help.
I know she can win.
So vote for Hillary.
Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
She's got the guts.
She's got my her man.
But she can't do it.
No one can cheat long.
And a lawyer is due to the thing the father lost.
She'll push through.
Get out that far right in.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
Her major goal is to risk that too.
But he ain't the nothing that could have been tried on you.
You gotta count days to find on TV but are not high to find out.
Hillary, but early, but often.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
She's got the great political wise of this to read.
Who asked on your husband to jump?
My Hillary, a meldically a pack up.
And even for home, the next Hillary Clinton.
They're all out show.
But early, but often.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
Game's time to L.A.R.Y.
Hillary, Hillary, she's our guy.
The greatest thing of Arkansas.
She looks like she got her office down.
A meld ain't locked.
And I totally told my name.
Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
How she lives in the middle of the world.
I'll say that.
Anyway, two votes each for crash in Good Night and Good Luck.
Well, there he comes.
We put them under.
We put them under.
They're zooming up there.
Anyway, the Nazis in the Senate try to cut off debate on the Patriot Act.
And they said, no, huh?
Poor heads prevail.
So they're going to continue.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
Where'd that?
Exactly.
Here's even more good news.
They certainly not news network has decided not to renew somebody's contract.
Who belongs on death row by the way?
Bob Novak.
All right.
Oh, happy day.
Question.
You want to hear him say an antinomal?
John Klein, the president of CNN, he certainly not see news network.
Said the following statement this morning, after 25 years of serving as a CNN commentator
and program host, our fascist colleague, Bob Novak's tenure on the network
from the close as in December 31, 31.
Through the years, Bob is offered an decisive analysis for marches of CNN's program, including
Crossfire, the Capitol gang inside politics, Evans and Novak, the Novak zone, and Novak
Hunt and Shields.
Bob has also been a valid contributor to CNN's political coverage.
We appreciate as many contributions as I wish him well on death row.
How do you like that?
I like it.
We love it.
See, I think he played that playing game a little bit too much.
And then, of course, he walked off the set.
That's good message there for city Rosenbergs, the, whatever his name is over there across the street.
Walk out too many times and they say bye-bye.
Don't come back.
But it's not orchestrated.
But it's not stayed in orchestrated.
That's a good point.
Didn't know, must've were.
I bet you they might even push that number over.
Oh, I doubt it.
Don't forget the trend comes on next Wednesday.
George, I'm sure, would be like just just the highlights.
The battery.
Save the bit stuff for me.
That's right.
In fact, that's something I could do on December 26 on the day of the official Christmas day on Boxing Day.
Look at that.
There was like a little cloud cover, a little cloud went over and then it decided to go down to Buffalo and other sunny shining again.
There's almost no snow here.
Oh, right.
Man, fake these bastards out.
20-till, speaking of bastards, don't forget moe coming up with two.
This is your new Roger.
This is 5.16.
Go, go, go, go.
John F. L'Etaxi, Carbate, Driver, Central Park.
You look that mean, so quesadigary, I could tell he was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No bugs, speaks English and a mom.
I went down to my, yeah, I made a bridge where the weather business and sunny.
I walked into a little store with a guy that talks real fun, I tried to ask him for a pint of fortune, be me just knowing he ended.
What does that mean?
The butter speaks English and a mom.
Oh, that cornered Delhi.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly.
Or you can go back to your hour and a half.
I came here many years ago and learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making mistakes.
You know about as we get English.
Come in and watch.
Where's the radio button?
Everybody knows the mouth.
The station that delivers quesadigary, a deliverance weekend.
All weekend long.
By winning video presets of the movie delivery.
We require the two listen to the radio all weekend long.
They'll say saying this goes.
The grand prize winner will be flown to doze in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the Kahootalasi River.
In the hooting of accommodations in beautiful entry.
It means you didn't win.
This you did drop in.
I'm just like a rat.
It's like a mouse.
Look at the mouse.
Since we do this 10 times.
Where every time you hear a net maybe.
It's going to be like a pet.
It's a deliverance weekend.
Oh, we can't ball.
The whole station that gives you a world.
You 95.
If anybody has a opinion.
Representing from our way.
We'll pay your name into the system.
And send a me out just a.
Don't give a father to quesadigary.
Just follow and don't face.
Everybody's sending badges.
Mashes USA.
That's beautiful.
In the as the history of.
You're watching all of you.
Everyone got the fascination.
So what you do.
This has this fascination.
And all you might miss.
This was fatherland nation.
That's as USA.
You gotta hate those fools.
And we can't give our rose to.
Believe everything we can.
And the state run new.
Bloodboard for death.
We love your escalade.
A roof in tiny bush venue.
That's as USA.
We don't like to see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're passing a divide, say.
No, don't be no stupid fool.
All the hour is crazy.
The tax of the average can wait.
Everybody's sending badges.
That's as USA.
Alright.
Bye.
You better all else.
You're my son.
You're my son.
The work's funny.
I'm honest to read.
Every boy.
I'm a man.
I say, I say,
I say, I say,
I say, I say, I say,
I say, I say, I say, I say,
I say, I say,
I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say.
By harvesting four,
by leaving.
Cool.
Oh, my God.
Almost,
poisoned.
Cause I, I wanna satisfy refineries.
The Earth's feelings are like the words that I said.
The Welt is loading to a reasonably bright state.
The World's money.
The Price ofday.
Back in the day,
When someone does wrong, we didn't take her crap.
In Pearl Harbor, her window jams dropped their bombs.
We found them bad, and now the Saudis may hit us high,
and on our cars our little flags wait.
As that Saudi love it, retired, voice of others the wrong way.
And our embarrassed to be in America,
That's the real they found over us like kids.
The United States of Americans, and by voices and the three they got to country.
Have the right choice of our history and our history.
I don't want to be a examerican in the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives, stop living in the past?
If you want that as you leave to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They drain us to the end, and anyone who says that, obviously,
ends up for to be.
And our embarrassed to be in America,
Where we take triologically,
Way the flag in one hand, with our head in the sand,
And finally follow the powers that we have at hand.
Oh, I thought so, I thought so.
The Washington State's from use on a 65-inch screen.
Scratch your butt, everything's okay.
England, USA.
Oh, no, no, no, right.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor,
Just like the one I used to know,
Where the ones were trimmed,
And cars had ran to the sea so very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor,
With every fossil sign I'll write.
Raise your face, be merry and bright.
And may all know you, new neighbors,
And why don't you,
Absolutely.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Where's Rudolf?
I can't find Rudolf!
Who's that?
Who's that?
Hey, what's that all about?
I don't know.
I can't find Rudolf!
And they got diarrhea!
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Hey, what's that all about?
Go, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Who let the radio go?
Who let the radio go?
Who let the radio go?
Who let the radio go?
Uh, uh, excuse me.
Hi, can I help you?
Hi, uh, I just bought these.
And I'd like to have him get wrapped.
Do you have Christmas wrapping?
Sure.
Two hours over, need a Christmas ring.
Two, two hours, thank you very much.
Pardon me, is this Christmas wrapping?
That's right, food. Check it out.
Happy holiday, y'all. We hope it's not it.
Because you're gonna be both come January.
Uh-huh. I'm checkin' that. I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping.
Go ahead and jump, wrap your own.
It ain't so easy when you're doing at home.
But we got the wrap. We got the ribbons.
And you know we love money more than driving kivers.
We got the wrap.
We got the wrap.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.62 AF.
Okay, this guy's the real.
He went up and broke a teagus, clapping all the women with paint and lips around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
Yeah, I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one or two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Baby's not your couple missiles.
Tour in place we know.
And name our matter fella.
Who's first name begins with a word?
There's one thing we all understand.
Hell, pain will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
That's absolutely.
We could change some round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
Who's you only need another place.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Now get a need to newsletter day.
Why don't we stop pussy food and blow blow up Pakistan.
All right.
Boom, boom.
Major bullet man.
Yeah.
You ready for this? Where's George?
He's putting up a picture of somebody.
He's doing what?
We're slowly getting all of your stuff out of here.
That's fine with me because I never going to be back in every room no more.
Don't take that time.
Don't keep us.
Don't take that time.
Brady pitcher.
What?
I think I'll maybe give it to the beast for his collection.
Okay, we know.
He's family.
That's a gift from the mad dog.
That's a very, that's a keepsake.
Anyway, speaking of Ashley Simpson.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you see this?
No.
She collapsed following the performance in Tokyo and then hospitalized.
All right.
Now, Bush won one over there several years ago and took his guts out.
And now Ashley's in Tokyo.
I wonder if there's a commission, you think?
There might be.
Because neither one of them had much talent.
Right.
They both suck.
The 21-year-old singer on Thursday had just performed her single boyfriend for MTV Japan.
When she told the audience, she felt sick and said, then, I love you guys.
She then collapsed in an elevator and went rushed back and went to a hospital.
Huh.
Where's they say here?
She was rushed to hospital.
Maybe it's that repluxe.
Is that what it is?
Where is she?
Where is she?
Her representative Rob Shooter confirmed the report to A&P, but wouldn't you further details
of provide Simpson's condition?
Oh, man.
It's the wrong Simpson that just passed out.
Oh.
But for OJ, well, speaking of a theme segment, that would be a good one for today, wouldn't it?
Yeah, right.
The OJ segment.
Oh, that's a segment.
What's a segment?
Simpson, the younger singer of Jessica Simpson, boys, there's some talent in that family or what?
And it's been touring a supporter of sophomore album IMMe.
She infamously was caught lip-syncing on her set in her live performance, so as we know, Yadia.
Her upcoming appearance at the Radio Music Awards on Monday has been canceled.
Oh, my God.
What do we do now?
Play the song.
It's a very good song.
The Middle Eastern World.
Will be exploded to the dumb people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescernation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the New Fertiless Uganda.
The right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hip.
Daddy ragged ass off with things of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed.
Are now forgotten that exploitments lead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Go and after some time to.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
Her name been lauded.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be and complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel in administration.
Black control is by fear through media manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and to our hip.
Daddy ragged ass off with things of mass destruction.
I'm dying on the hands.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass drop this thing.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
I know being in cattle don't have any reservations.
Style of provoked, battle, and world of dialetians.
Old regimes must fall and have a virgin in scope.
With no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the balls and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and to our brain was passed.
I ragged ass off with things of mass destruction.
Only I ragged ass off with things of mass destruction.
In a face that fails just like a bad day I could shoot.
It's like just a drag to drink as we did you know.
It's all a friend that's hurt for that day.
It's even more than gotta do with just that sea of air.
Who writes a task of talents of Taliban?
Reckham.
I give a bomb for the Taliban in the gun of sand.
I know how long it's over.
Who may have been helping you today?
Will you please be having a Bruce Lee or a beachy?
We are having a sail on camera.
We have had a lot of many slaves.
I'm afraid that is not the same as the one you are.
I can't tell you everything.
I just can't make it up on the inside I think.
Yes, it's a good way to go women and bags.
It is only because they smell so bad.
You can play the group of actions on the group and we don't want to drink out of you.
We should smell like our food ragged ass.
It's like we're going to take ragged ass off my feet and make things clean.
Ragged ass.
You're too exclusive to Irene.
She's welcome.
No sons hiding.
A lot more than does.
They send their weapons.
A mask distracts them.
I say send them.
A couple megatons.
Bombing right.
Absolutely.
Holy.
In the Gulf of Washington, let him off the world.
I think it's time to give his birth a world.
So it's time to know those people's love on their right.
If you fall here up till there's nothing left to see, fall here up till seven sixty feet, fall here up.
Blow up the creed, fall here up.
And let the waves touch the Earth and give a boost to the Earth and he'll find no one to trust us.
If we lay in the clear, we're gonna be wet to come and start a new step for the Earth.
Blow up the creed, fall here up.
Bring it to an end, fall here up.
Blow it up again, fall here up.
Live on CNN, fall here up.
Blow up the creed, fall here up.
Blow up the creed, fall here up.
From here on the king of gold, fall here up.
Speaking of what a bomb a Grande has just to go on.
What's at about, they don't get out much.
No, they don't get out much.
I mean, what's that movie about?
Since the 18, wedding crashes 18, Star Wars 3, 14, Batman begins 14,
broke back Mountain 11.
You're fairy.
Crash 9, King Kong 8, you just saw that and you thought it was okay.
Yes, it was just fine.
Mr. Mrs. Smith said, oh, I'd buy it away just a kind of a personal, I always had my blackberry with me at all times.
So if you want to email me something, if some major development happens.
Alright, because you know, they always wait till I go on vacation and then all the crap hits the fan.
That's right.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith said, and Harry Potter got a little fire seven more of the world's seven.
Good night and good luck.
Five.
Light up another one, Ed.
Not.
Hitch five. Walk the line for Managasri or for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory 3.
The producers appear.
Two for me for Magnus, be cool and with Sultaman Thae, you'll know one of these.
Millions the Jack and Derwendy and none, the big O for the family stone.
Long as you're at Ballad Jack and Rose Ellie Park in November, happy ending Scopoate,
it was just came out and the Matador.
You can't get much more macho than the Matador and no bull, especially the slippers.
Oh yeah, and almost as pretty as the Pope's red slippers, man, he is a fashion statement, man, just, oh god.
And what a dress.
If I had a personal private audience with the Pope, the first thing I'd say was, would be snappy dresser, man.
And he'd say, yeah, likewise.
12 past one at five, 60 WQM truth is when you're near the Compere, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
And in South Florida, the only Ford dealer to shop, that of course is Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
Now the holidays are here, maybe your car was damaged during Wilma or maybe you just want a great new ride.
Whatever the deal is with you, now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich.
And let David put your ass behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford of Homestead, some great offers waiting on you and incentives as well.
Get $1,000 cash back or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 of freestyle.
Get $5,000 cash back on Explorer or Expedition.
How about $2,000 cash back on Escape and $2,500 cash back on Focus, certain restrictions apply.
And when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, like I've been told me for a long time, you will get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
Nobody else would dream of doing that for you, but they sure do tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford Homestead will guarantee you the best price and because it's locally owned and operated, they will treat you fantastic like family to make you a customer for life.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace, no bait and switch, no folding deals so called David Rich at 305-24751-12 until David you want the Neal deal.
And it's at Armstrong Ford of Homestead, you'll find them at 307-25 South Fixie Highway, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Check them out on the web at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a few miles extra to save yourself thousands and millions of dollars at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neal Roger, what solid, this is 516-28.
Ford Bombs Drop!
Ford Bombs Drop!
Ford Bombs Drop!
Saturday morning, join the vehicles game open his bully buddies Sadam Hussein.
Over the back, Captain Misadventures of Iraqi and Don't Wake Up!
TVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV
odor is here, how you doing, blowing, blowing a lot XD nk wipe my waters of eXs and my brainidades traps the Heming
See, don't forget sixtyinus eXs and my EXs and my channel PO Jewel
s dvikt, ne  Levantored fr si tro Iyland
Jackjs Well Well To the point where you are 8 Dr 5
She will be able to walk in the black of the globe.
There's a camel sniffing your sister.
She's a gon' brigga, burning one business for the detect.
If my camel had a face like yours, I'd shave its butt
and teach it to walk backward.
Run, don't ask me to walk back.
Pardon me, miss, but you have a witty in your robe.
Now turn the record over for a record like which lesson number two.
And I like to be pleased.
Thank you for teaching us more than we've heard of.
Play it against and we don't have to eat.
We can be brilliant directors of to be free.
You'll be here, you'll be here.
You'll be here, you'll be here.
We'll plainly shave, the bread and some of the much for those who are acting.
From the tone of a villain, we're spreading our fate.
We'll be here, democracy, at least our acting's more a show.
Yes, we're here.
At least come out and tell them the gestures.
Respect us.
This is how it's happened now.
We've been so close we wanted to know our comfort.
We don't know the happy end of our country.
Take a minute to the board and show them just what it means.
We'll wait out for the winner.
Like to sit down.
Back and show them there.
Oh, there is an Elena Freedom.
Get one edge.
Get one edge.
Carbano is born.
Bring a ladder.
I want to come out and put you more head truth.
It's a terrorist warning.
So as you drive on into work, be a man.
The White House says we're all the two now.
Can't be sure when they might strike a neck.
Yeah, we're never strikes because of all of the strength.
From space, as we better watch out, he is the word I feel.
It's the air.
It's a terrorist warning.
The government says we prove it.
And I say, they say not if but when now.
Not specifically threat to the judge.
Yeah, I think there are hopes they can give me a stroll.
I think that I just really know it.
Yeah, live my life.
Enjoy the ride in my life.
Can't abide.
Terrorist.
I'm tired of it.
Every day's a new morning.
We have a yellow light.
That must be.
They have something to hide.
That's how they predict you late at night.
What's really empty?
I know some of you can use them like a yellow light.
There's a light.
The corporate media lies.
And that's why we have a yellow light.
That's the explain.
The media of what these lights do.
What is light on which?
It's at its best with a set of opens and noodles start to move.
It's the end of the day.
What's it to do?
They have a yellow light.
That means something they can divide.
We have a yellow light.
A big pie.
It means something.
What's it to do?
They have a yellow light.
What's that name?
Something they can divide.
I supported this shelter that project day.
And to my surprise, this cost in shame.
We let those bodies in the maiden get away.
And shifted the blame to the dog who saved me.
We're not through pie in thy wrath.
They have a black.
They're not the ones who attack.
What's going on with this dark?
We're not through pie in thy wrath.
The fence of the dark was all having a fine.
As we spread freedom to the point of our children,
this wonderful deep problem that only just be done for the RGE.
And all over town.
We've been sending our kids to dark.
And we're using love words to support the sky.
In advance, they took place must be the reason why.
They may be in your foot as Jesus Christ.
We're not through pie in thy wrath.
They're not the ones who attack.
What's going on with this dark?
We're not through pie in thy wrath.
Holy George, why don't you hate so many big things?
It's hard work, it's hard work, everybody knows it's hard work.
You got a lot of hard work? I see on TV screens how hard it is.
Yeah, I...
They're lurking in convenience stores everywhere.
Ah, microwave burrito, please.
Let me turn my radio down.
You'll explode for the turn and microwave and make yakis. You clean it up.
They're lurking behind the counters.
One the slushy place.
Two lips, plusy-missing grip.
And make a joke, you clean it up.
And you can't escape it.
The fear of turban head.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
It's Iraq, no phobia.
Yeah, pack a camel's place.
In my country, cameras traveling hurt.
Nothing packs you stupid American imperialist life.
Iraq, the phobia.
Come on, get a convenience store and hear you.
Or a pexy camp.
26th after 1 a.k.y.
It's that most wonderful time of the year,
unless you're one of the many of us who hate the crowded malls,
the long-wages, the lines, the parking hassles,
and the crazy shoppers, man.
So make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones,
as you give them a dial a mattress, give certificate.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you can order a dial a mattress,
give certificate, aid in nomination.
A new bed makes a perfect gift at last for years.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you choose from other top names in the business,
C. Lee, Cervin, Simmons, King Coral, Stearns and Foster,
you and Antepropidic too.
Maybe you suffer some damage from the hurricane from Wilma.
Maybe you need a bed for those last minute, unavited holiday gifts.
Whatever your story is, call 1-800-Mattress,
you'll get same day delivery from 8 in the morning till 10 a.m.
And you still get to pick the day-to-day delivery for your busy schedule.
Dial a mattress shows up on time, 99.7% of the time.
They're ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
I've been using these folks for years, and this is something you ought to be doing
to the easiest piece of holiday shopping you can do.
So before those guests arrive, pick up that phone and call 1-800-Mattress,
or log on to matthress.com.
That's 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last test because it stands for STU-PENDIS-SABING.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 QA.
Ah!
This is OJ.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my affidges.
So I recommend to you, do OJ Simpson, do you know what I'm saying?
I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying
that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that
Yo ho, don't get very far with OJ Simpson's new bitch jack for women. Hey, just because OJ is free. Don't mean yo bitches got to be free too.
Bitch yeah.
You can take my chair. My dirty underwear. My dream man. My face here and my clothes.
You can strip my walls and you can take my balls and the hankers. I use to blow my nose.
I can take my knife. My career and I. My two brothers and my can of apple trees.
You can take my pants and that lamp I bought in France so that they can pick you up and see it.
You can take my arm. My handy one. Keep your back hands off my husband.
Show me. Cause if you take my arm. My handy one.
I'm a new. Somebody.
You know what I mean, baby? Don't take my arm. My handy one.
Because that's not my back and I can't let it pass.
Cause if you touch my heart. My handy one.
I'm old. Keep my fru-dose. Let it pass.
You're in.
The Ramsey going on. This past.
Why does this. You know what? Nobody believes it.
You know, so if I'm not going to benefit. I'm not going to be some dancing.
I'm looking for you guys. OJ, Mr. Van Ced.
To begin with. What makes you think you can pass this?
No. Simple. Sign off. Tell me. I do.
What makes you think you can pass it now? You murdered Nicole and you know you did it.
And you know, I mean, you're just amazing.
What if you ever given me your right?
You never get me a damn penny.
You know what? Can I know it? You know what?
You are a pig. You are a lover. I know good.
You're a wife. Son of a gun.
You're a pathetic guy. You are pathetic.
You are pathetic. You and Fred Gorman.
I never go on TV. I avoid the media as much as I can.
They chase me. You guys, if it's a door opening, you guys are showing up.
OJ, the prison of fake TV. You're the only person that's benefited from this.
You never gave me a head. You're the only one.
We didn't get along. We didn't get along.
Because you couldn't control me.
That's why I think you're welcome.
Nicole, you were afraid you was on air sex with me.
That's why I didn't get along. It was Nicole.
It told me to stay away.
I think your ego is just really riding a little bit too high, Sonson.
I'm a bloody fly.
Oh, fly.
Oh, the bloody fly.
I wait two inches of steak and something was it right?
I took a walk down the street and I took out my flesh life.
And I suspected something funny.
When I saw Father's love,
Then I jumped over the wall and the knife on fatal stars.
He told me about something.
He heard so I looked around some more.
And I suspected something funny.
When I found a bloody fly, a bloody fly.
Oh, the father didn't get a little.
A bloody fly.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Next thing we knew,
OJ went on a lost beat from a ride.
Now he's in an LA jail job for double homicide.
I believe it's first degree.
Murder is guilty of.
It's because of.
Oh, the bloody fly.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't say cool.
You can't say cool.
Okay, okay, okay.
You can't say cool.
You can't say cool.
Oh, whoa.
How cute you are.
How cute you are.
How cute you are.
That night when she turned off all the lights,
There's a place where she could hide on those.
Oh, the one who's going to get hurt.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
That's her.
One day, the jury's going to set free.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Oh, the one who's going to kill her.
Okay, okay, okay.
You can't say cool.
You can't say cool.
Okay, okay, okay.
You can't say cool.
You can't say cool.
I can't say cool.
I can't say cool.
I can't say cool.
Oh, the one who's going to get you.
Oh, the one who's going to get you.
Oh, the one who's going to get you.
I should remember my first clue.
I got the first tour of that building.
I saw all those OJ Simpson pictures on the walls and all those certain individuals
in the building like the Water Nauti and others like bowing at, like it was a shrine.
And I thought to myself, something ain't quite right here.
Something ain't quite right.
That's what I'm saying.
Anyway, we got to pick it not quite right.
Moe Howard David of the Toothless Staff during the human pin cushion.
Now, what is it, the human one?
Dark board.
Dark board.
Sorry.
Curtis and Troy at Who Does And Duralid Four.
Orlando Alzacquiri, the big rock solid.
We catch it that day at 7.00 and 10 o'clock tonight.
Okay, how are we doing on that pool?
Not that overwhelming, but it'll be up there all weekend.
In fact, maybe you'll see some of the movies over the weekend and then you'll tell us.
Right.
297 vote.
The best to 2,000 time movie I've seen is, didn't see any of me at one away.
Well, that's me.
What about you, Beast?
I've seen a few.
Oh, what's the best?
Wedding Crashers.
Wedding Crashers is leading 27.
You just looked at the pool.
No, I set up people.
He's up and doing good.
Well, that's a good start.
Well, Ren's not even on here.
Ren's a 2,000 five movie.
Yeah, of course.
Well, I'll stand it on there.
George.
Do it at Jesus.
You probably were going to.
Oh, yeah.
I lied.
Wedding Crashers 27 start.
Worst 3, 21 since city 19.
Why, you saw when you didn't like it?
Me?
No, I didn't see it.
Oh.
That meme begins 17.
Crash 14.
Brokeback Mountain has got 12.
Okay.
Terry Potter gathered at a fire 11.
Good night and good luck, 9.
King Kong 9.
Mr. Mrs. Smith 8.
War of the World's 8.
Walk the line.
6.
Charlie and the chocolate factory 5.
H5.
Madagascar 5.
Two for the producers.
We've remade this.
Longest yard.
Be cool.
And what a piece.
So let me think.
You know, millions happy endings.
Capote the jacket.
Dear Wendy and none yet.
Family Stone.
By the way, it's a lot more OJ.
Come on.
We're just starting with him.
Family Stone, Bellative Jack and Rose.
Ellie Parker and November of Matador all have the big.
Oh, so far.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, boy.
This is 5.
69.
A.
Yeah.
I'm going to ask you.
I didn't know what I was going to make.
Because you know what I'm going to make.
I'm going to make you know what I'm going to make.
I'm going to make you know what I'm going to make.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. hey, hey baby long life is a painful day
The gate that's introduced was in the news
He spent his time on the golf course
Looking for clues now he's back
And he can't shut up
Smeowing his van, a man named Trady Swan
Sticks up, still says he didn't do it
That's all Jay
But everybody knew it
That's all Jay
The prosecutors knew it
It's still to this day
He's still out there
Oh, he said some time he is mad
And his wife was cheated
Cut her own head off
Where the knife he gets paid for
Dinner views
Needs the cash for his golf juice
Oh Jay, tell me
How is the search for the real killer going?
There's five men
I've been looking at golf courses
All across America
But I'll have a beach
Been on a spyglass
You name I ain't found them yet, though
Why are you just looking at golf courses?
Uh, that's mostly where I find myself
On a golf courses
Can you be anywhere else?
No, I don't think so, they go man to golf course
Oh Jay is just plain crazy
Here's the hint
He's disappointing
Billing cove
Bearing in his name
He said he made my stuff
Clark's career
But he's lucky
He didn't cut her right behind me
Here
Still spent the evening doing
That's all Jay
But everybody knew it
That's all Jay
The prosecutors knew it
And still to this day
He's still out there
Killed your wife and run
Let them air in bits and pieces
The trials moving on
Chances are quid
All the creases
Traces of blood
Everywhere
That makes your DNA
Traces of blood
That's your ZoJ
Dick Black's girl in here
You left the club and bloody trash
Oh, the cat you used to wear
You're a homicidal wacko
Traces of blood
All around
That makes your DNA
Traces of blood
That's your ZoJ
You close your eyes
In search of blood
There's a lot of finds
A trace of blood still there
Yeah
Chances photographs
Time was showing us
Your true side
Grip them both around
Now the evidence
You can't hide
Traces of blood
Everywhere
That makes your DNA
Traces of blood
That's your ZoJ
Dick Black's girl in here
Please stop here the way
For I recall the day
Of a sign of broncholine
And he won't confess
I don't care what they say
Because of Jay
Whatever where we love
It happened so soon
On the 12th of June
And no Jay ran away
From that bloody mess
I don't care what they say
Because of Jay
Whatever where we love
I have waited one whole while
But I see he's still on trial
It goes on and never ends
As it does I know
That no Jay murdered them
Not him but please
And throw away the keys
It's the gate
All the graves
All his innocence
I don't care what they say
Because of Jay
Whatever where we love
I don't care what they say
Because of Jay
Whatever where we love
I don't care what they say
Because of Jay
Whatever where we love
I'm fine on the way
But the movement
This is Mule Rogers
This is 5.6.2.a.m
It's Day
You can buy any town
For Tokyo toady
And 5.6.0 WQA
And keeping with the high standards of Rochester
In the tradition of Edward on the Rose See It Now
5.6.0 WQAM presents
Now see here with Moe Howard David
Now see here
Got a new gig here
And if I had so choose to stay
I will change the face
Of whatever that is to
Now see here
Who did more for radio
Neil Rogers or Hoeyboss Garandasin
Ha!
El Morgam
Here's my life for you
Are you guys all praying
I'm all I say
Hoeyboss Garandasin
That's who?
A one thing he was the mayor
Boarding radio
And at five smoker he ain't no mayor
Why Hoeyboss Garandasin sang nice song
Oh, he had a few people
Oh, he had a few people
Listen to me
Are you guys all praying
Yeah, go right in the single song
I'm not in the middle
Why sure?
That pair that's Neil singing
And then the discouraging songs about
They going to the annoyery
And then if back at the one he writes them in and he'll sing them
Now you know he's queer
That's real men don't sing
And another thing
Hoeyboss Garandasin
Was a lot fatter than Neil too
That is what made him dead best
On the next list
All of them, now see here
Who made a better cup of coffee
This is Olsen or Jackie Robinson
Yeah, man
Now see me here next time for a moment events
And now see here
Not there over here
Bye-bye-bye
