I got a message on my phone and it went on in the height of the storm.
Ken Maldon calling me to see if I was okay, but I couldn't take the call because my cell
phone would only, I could only hear on it and I couldn't, he couldn't hear me.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
Ken Maldon calling in the middle of the storm to see if I'm okay.
Well, there's a great guy Ken Maldon, one of the dying breed of vanishing breed, one
of the lands of the old guard.
Yes he is.
They don't make him like that anymore.
He's the best.
Actually, you know something, you know, your guys and my guys have been working very hard
the last couple of days and to get information out.
They've done, I think they've done very well.
And if I were in this company, if I was a clamp it, I would think of their bonus.
Oh yeah.
And this out of seal, Josh Cortes is big raise that he's supposed to be getting, this
out of seal it.
Oh yeah.
Oh, so with these grave robbers.
No, they're going to claim that they had damage over their place in Maple.
Yeah, they got a range of damages what they have.
Clara's was just in there mumbling a few illiterate things and I just forgot to ask him
about who's doing two to four because we had another, I didn't realize they had some
kind of a problem in Philly but Geldie was supposed to do two to four today because there's
no mo.
Yeah, well, as I said earlier in the show, there was a big sign at the airports that said,
we are not allowing any planes to land here.
This means you, Mo.
Absolutely.
There you go again.
Not me.
Just like Ronald Reagan would say, there you go again.
Wow.
Meanwhile, and he's not around anyway.
He couldn't get back.
I'm sure and he did the money night game somewhere.
He was in Minneapolis.
Was he really?
He did the Viking's screened by a game on Sunday.
There's a length made of Tonka.
I see him.
Yeah.
Good place for him.
Very good, he had a couple of good numbers in there on the other side.
Actually, he did okay.
Yeah, he did fine.
So, everybody had to improve Mo.
Now that he's got that new do and a new little goat's ether through the muskrat out,
he's doing just fine.
Yep.
Too bad he can't see him.
Yeah, that's correct.
I'm glad I can't see him.
In fact, I'll never see him again.
Will you ever see you again?
Will you ever come back here?
No, you'll have to come up here.
I told you already I'll meet you at Niagara Falls in Philadelphia, Casino or at Woodbiner
somewhere.
I'm not, yeah, you have to come back there every now and then, but I'm not to the station.
Probably have to come back to see your accountant or something.
I will not be coming back to the radio station ever again.
You can take that right to the bank.
Or to the bank.
When you come back, Sid Levin and you and I all go out there.
Yeah, I already told him that.
Now, can I ask you a stupid question?
Sure.
Wouldn't you think that of all businesses that banks would have generators?
Yes.
Because you know, it has to have cash.
You know, the hospital I would imagine would be number one priority and then the airport,
which four-large deal is obviously not doing very well.
That's being out.
That's being out sucks by the way and also FEMA.
Okay.
I just wanted to mention that.
But you think that banks would have generators so that at the very least, people could conduct
the ATM business and make good deposits and get some cash out so they can survive and
go to the few places where they can give some food and ice and whatever they need.
You know what I think?
I had a call earlier from a regular call.
My name is CJ.
He was a very bright, funny guy who called up to tell us what's going on in the hood.
And he said that of course, it's no surprise to him that areas like Aventura, Miami Beach,
Sunny Island, are getting their power back.
Right.
They're not.
Where the money is.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I already told the audience that.
That's the truth.
And of course, probably some of the big shots from FP&L living those areas.
So that's the first place it gets me stored in spite of what they're going to tell everybody.
Right.
Because they lie a lot.
That's correct.
But anyway, you're right.
Everybody's been doing a fine job except it pisses me off that I gave out and we all
gave out some misinformation yesterday.
Not because we're all by the net, but because the government is in it.
And so they had all these people getting really foaming at them off and pissed off showing
up, especially in Palm Beach County, showing up for their ice and water and come to find
out.
Oh, well, it's not going to be here today or it's not.
It hasn't arrived yet or it's come back two weeks from circus or something like that.
And a lot of angry people, which goes to show us that that law that went into effect
October 1st was not a good idea.
No.
Not at all.
No, because right now would be the time that you're going to see some people are testing
that law.
You know, oh, you don't cut in front of me for that gas.
You know, like that.
But you know, of course, if that has governor will come down and pat him on the back and
say, good job.
But people are helping each other out.
And hopefully some will continue some.
Yeah.
This is the one time that people in South Florida have to dispense with that hostile,
surly, hate your neighbor attitude as part of the course and have to try to find a little
bit of decency inside of them, which a lot of people can.
And then there are those who are just not, it's just not their nature.
You know, I mean, he's not even here.
I don't know if I heard a noise.
I heard a noise.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, let's see.
We got bank Atlantic stores are now open.
See, there's some bank stuff for a good.
Thank you very much.
I got the addresses here.
I got to say, the arena is not doing very well.
No.
No, that's because it's in Broward.
Broward, I guess, really took a direct hit.
You know, one of the things that I think there'll be long term, long term problems about.
And that is all these new buildings sound in a prickly area.
Didn't make it through the storm.
Right.
And I'm wondering, because there's, there are theories abounding that this was still
a category for the tornadoes.
Yeah, the tornadoes caused it.
And I'm wondering if the weather thinks they were wrong.
I don't think so.
There were no tornadoes in New Orleans during Katrina and yet there were all those windows
blown out.
Yeah, like crazy.
Yes.
So my phone is ringing.
Oh, wow.
That means even either my brother or sister here or the book of Brian disc, which I don't
think he's probably got one.
But it's the building codes, these new buildings, these, you know, places like the four seasons
hotel, JW, Marriott, have the windows blown out.
Mm-hmm.
And Brickley Avenue's a mess.
You're talking about 125 mile hour winds.
I don't care what you say, but no matter how sturdily they're built enough to what standard
and code they're supposed to survive those things.
That's what the building code says.
Well, the old Trade Center was supposed to survive those hits that it took.
That was totally a different thing.
Well, no, but they were supposed to survive.
Who said you were supposed to survive?
We were supposed to fall.
We were supposed to fall.
Air planes flying in your building.
I don't know.
I don't think they planned for that.
Well, let's not find out.
No.
Hey, boy, how are things in Toronto?
Everything's just fine.
In fact, the sun's going to shine today.
It's going to be 46 and then all the way up to 54 on Saturday.
They got the big sun symbol for the next four or five days.
The only bad thing I got for you because I checked the Florida weather.
Is that well?
It's very nice now.
It's going to start warming up into the 80s, starting tomorrow for next several days,
83, 84, which isn't, you know, it's not 90.
But when you have no AC and no power, it's going to start getting people little on the
a testy side.
I think you had the right idea.
I mean, granted, you've got a place to go after Tampa.
But if you should go to Tampa and then fly out to Tulsa, wherever you have to go, some
of the people out there who don't have to work or, you know, because how many people are
going to be working, most places are going to be closed.
Right.
They have like high-tailed go-to MIA or maybe even get a limo to take them to Orlando or
Tampa and they can go find all the ATMs they need and all the food and the...
Assuming they can find limos that have gas.
Yeah.
So, George told me quite a story about his hunt for gas in a can.
You know, to keep his generator going this morning and that, that would not a pleasant
situation.
No.
Now, people are testing those gas lines and all the lines.
And then, of course, the Dave and Buster's thing over there with the ice and water and they
won't let people come in from Sterling Road.
They have to come in on Sheridan and the people are lined up all the way into the Everglades.
It's not good.
No.
Good timing.
Get out of here again.
What I don't understand because there's a lot of publics and Windixies open, which we've
been giving those addresses and we'll continue to do that.
But, and naturally, you know, because people are like Lunatix even before the storm, they
always go in and clear out all the ice and water those and two of the first things they
clear out.
But you would think that there would be truckloads and truckloads of that stuff coming in, wouldn't
you?
You would think.
By the way, you want to tell your FEMA.
Yeah.
Well, why would this specie me to be any better now, but all the baloney about, well,
we're prepared for Wilma.
You know, the fat ass governor was saying that in this new temporary FEMA director as
the thing was coming in.
And all we're prepared for this and we won't repeat the mistakes.
They're just as incompetent now as they were before.
They're pathetic.
Incidentally, I think almost all of the Windixies are open now and most of the publics.
Yeah.
The only problem is they got to get the supplies.
But all you can get there is the horrible items.
Right.
So, it's tough.
Well, I go and get a lot of canned goods, a lot of prunes.
Well, not prunes, probably, because if your electric's not working, that's not going
to be flush neither.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, it's something to think about.
Be kind of selective in the foods you get there.
Yeah, right.
Maybe ample sauce would be good.
Something soft that you can gum, you know.
Jello.
Jello would be excellent.
Very good idea.
Diet jello.
The line, line diet jello.
If they can't get it, the publics, they can always go to the cafeteria at the hospitals
that are, got their cafeteria is open.
The university in Miami is open.
Yeah.
They have power.
They're not open.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, something?
Yeah.
I probably shouldn't say this because I don't want to like spru or hold.
But people, my name is international.
Not only is the airport open, but also the, you know, all the restaurants in there.
Oh.
Yeah.
So even though you may not be traveling anywhere like they got a cause of that.
Oh, sorry.
I got to catch a plane tomorrow.
They got a last thing that you mind.
Well, no, but it's something to think about.
People are desperate to try to find places where they can find some food.
Wow.
But the hotel here is open.
What hotel is that?
There's an airport hotel.
Oh, if the airport you mean?
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Miami Beach.
I think sunny aisles is now with power.
So in South Beach, parts of South Beach from 50th Street South.
Right.
So the hotels are functioning and they all have food.
They were running a crawl on one of the television stations yesterday that was listening to hotels
with the restaurants being open.
So there are places to go.
And also today is the day that according to ABC News, the indictments are going to be
handed out in plane gates.
So we'll be on the edge or I'll see you waiting for that.
You know, it was the best I checked into a hotel last night.
I got up this morning and there was a USA today on my door.
Yeah.
I hadn't seen a newspaper in three days.
You know, you just really, you know, I mean, without information, you know, you just
have information.
It may seem trivial, but you're really cut off.
Yeah.
So well, of course, that's why we're doing such a tremendous public service and probably
all the zero of big fat bonus when this whole thing blows over.
That was the beast.
That was the beast sounding somewhat skeptical.
Hey, I think the thing came in through Naples anyway.
So probably Beesley corporate headquarters have been blown off the face of the globe.
That's right.
They can't afford it.
And of course, if it took Joyce Whitton, then we can all say, yeah, hallelujah.
All right.
You should have something about your friend with a funeral, uh, parlors.
Maybe wouldn't make arrangements for Joyce.
I will come back for that.
I would dance.
I would do a kazansky on her grave.
It's 1010 on sports radio 560 QA.
I'm out of here.
Have a safe trip.
Pat Valenswell, a heading west.
Okay.
See you, P.V.
All right.
I'm dying on the hands.
The federal government is just lowering the balance of people today.
Underwood only citizens are from both parties.
Brown offered no apology and mostly blame others for the debacle that cost hundreds
of us.
My ground, there's no one left to blame.
I said, brownie, you're the government shame.
I said, brownie, the sugar is up in blame.
There's no one.
I know who's more blame.
George Bush, you never make them shut up before he says, if we're too much stuff, you
can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
I was just tired of his foot.
He's way too dumb to run the air.
I made some people died when he ran air.
He made me.
Now that everyone knows that you leadership holds, you can go back to your horshows.
Today, both Republicans and Democrats criticized the fact that Brown is still on the federal
payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official, his testimony must
be cleared by the White House.
It's only 147 grad, what are you complaining about?
Anyway, it's coming up after 10.
Good luck to all of you because it sounds to me like you're going to need it.
We're just going to pass along as much information as possible.
I do have a few of my bedtime stories and including a Marine down column because you can't read
your newspaper and you can't go online.
But we'll give all and hopefully the information we give out will be accurate.
Speaking of that, we'll just got a new slash.
Yes, the Postal Service will be up and running as best as possible today.
We'll be there to email where they can when they can.
Alright, excellent.
See, I told you it's you.
Didn't I say that yesterday through hurricanes and snow and rain and sleet and hot sunny
skies, your postal carriers always come through for you, which basically means your bills
are going to be coming out.
Who now wants their mail anyway right now?
Hey, if it comes with a gas, I'll take three.
What is it?
It becomes with a can of gas.
I'll take three.
There you go.
Well, we'll get into that whole thing about the gas and the ice.
We're not going to be taking any calls because we have a technical glitch on the show anyway.
But you can call and talk to Josh who did a fabulous job yesterday.
I understand what he told me did a great job.
And then what you said, he did a good job.
Or gasoline because he'll mainly we want to get the calls from people who might have
some information to pass along like open gas stations or markets or right.
Well, whatever, that would be good.
Especially the food thing.
Now you guys didn't get any food yesterday.
Whatever happened with the doughboys.
I don't know where the doughboys.
Yeah, they just called and used us and that was it.
And that was the end of it.
Well, he probably got so swamped before you get so cynical in the hostile now.
And probably all swore I showed up here hostile this morning.
Yeah, I can't imagine why.
Okay, now listen, I want to do the break before that.
As of now, the following bank Atlantic locations are now open.
Well, I better do the break first, okay?
Because I don't want to rush through this because people need cash.
Of course, I don't know where you're going to spend the cash.
Yeah, right?
Right, I got cash.
Do you?
Forget it.
Listen, if you can't find a bank that's open nearby you, stop by the station, Georgia.
Sure, I'll just stole it out of you.
This is Neil Rogers.
I'm sorry, Paulie.
I got a point of health.
The idea is, it's simply so deeply just overstreet.
Now with love, y'all, it's Russell Simmons.
Welcome to their poetry today.
I'll put them up here to head, match up.
Loop for techno, the Smiley MATLAB.
Now let's hear what you got.
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Brother!
Okay, calm down.
Ten, seventeen, five, sixty, WQA.
I'm at least nice and dry here and the sun is going to be cracking out here today in Toronto.
It's going to be just fine.
No hurricanes, no tornadoes, no terrorist attacks yet.
Although yesterday morning they had an alerted union station and it turned out to be another
one of those duds, but they're saying, oh yeah, something's going to happen here.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
You can't escape it.
I'll tell you the place to go.
Yep, what?
They can.
In even New York, there will be no terrorist attacks in Geneva.
Maybe it's a mighty mission going to be a good place.
Right?
Okay, before we get into all these lists and all this stuff, because it's not going to be very sexy or exciting,
but I guess that's the best we can do for it for the next couple of days,
or maybe beyond that, is giving some information and hope that it's right.
But the poll will leave the same poll up there for at least the end of the week,
because not that many people can get online because not that many people have power.
And the people out of state listening at other places, well, the price is right, it's free.
Keep listening, but a lot of this is going to be a little on the parochial side to bad.
At any rate, the only other thing before I start with these lists,
indictments in CIA leak case about to be handed down.
Also the financial times and also ABC News last night was reporting this.
A suicide attack, at least four killed in Hadeira, Israel, the road map,
so little rocky over there, another suicide bombing, big deal.
Indicments in the CIA leak investigation case expected to be handed down by a grand jury today,
bringing to a head the criminal inquiry that trends to disrupt, seriously, George Bush's second term.
On Tuesday night, last night news reports reported by a source,
posted a lawyers involved in the case, said that target letters to those facing indictment
were being issued with serial indictments to be filed today and released by the end of the week.
Those in legal jeopardy may include Scooter Libby and the Carl Rove.
Mr. Taney himself has also been linked to the inquiry in the leaking of the name of an undercover CIA operative
according to yesterday's New York Times story that I read to you.
Pat, see, I don't feel really reading newspapers to people now, because they can't get one.
Patrick Fitzgerald's special prosecutor, he would announce any conclusion
with 22 month investigation in Washington.
So we're going to keep our eyes peeled on it, right?
Right.
You're going to be peeling it.
Well, I can pick up Channel 7.
Well, that's good.
I can pick them all.
Not your channels, though.
Story of.
There's Mrs. Elinbaugh.
Hey, Papa, a couple of, yeah, couple of OXIs, honey.
As of today, the bank Atlantic stores are open in these locations,
Dave County, at D'Aral, 8705, Northwest 35th Lane, South Miami,
6202, South Dixie Highway, Flagler, 7900 West Flag Restreet,
Ken Day-Lakes, 8701, Southwest 137th Ave,
Haya Lea, 1455 West 49th Street, Candle, 114,900, North Kendall Drive,
One Biscayne, a two-south-biscayne boulevard,
and then interesting, it's called One Biscayne, but it's a two-south-biscayne.
Huh.
Brickle, 1101, Brickle, 1101.
In Broward, you'll find bank Atlantic open at North Coral Springs,
4695 North University Drive, South Pembroke, 1, 1200 Pines Boulevard,
Jack Orranda, 1901 North Pine Island Road,
Mainlands, 40 out of have no idea what that is or where that is.
4211 West Commercial Boulevard, in the Mobile ATM van.
You know where Mainlands is?
Nope.
Well, let's go to the Mainland.
Palm Beach, Andros, 8961 Oak and Chobie Boulevard,
PGA, 70202 Fairway Drive, Avacoa, 5450 South Central Boulevard,
Downtown Boca, 701 North Federal Highway, Glades, 6100 Glades Road,
Port St. Lucie at 147 South West Port St. Lucie Boulevard,
at Fort Pierce, 1050 Virginia Avenue, and Port Salerno at 5545 South East Federal Highway.
All of those bank Atlantic stores, banks are open.
Now, as I speak, so go to the ATM and get a bunch of cash out.
Perfect.
Like, no, we're going to spend it.
I have no idea, but at least it's always comforting to have a big,
wide near pocket.
I was saying, yeah.
Protest carrying precious ice and water to date and brow distribution centers
showed up hours later, not at all.
I guess today keeping thousands of hurricane wearers residents waiting and waiting
and pissed off and fired up and rightfully so, you have a right to be peeled.
Because once again, with all the detections that they extract from your wallet,
man, expecting service from FEMA and from all the other government agencies
in your fat ass governor, who's your toxic with game, I forget about it.
Supplies never even got to Broward's Plantation Heritage Park.
As of last night, two other Broward locations still lack ice and water.
Broward County officials said all distribution centers will be stocked and open
as of 9 o'clock this morning.
So they should be now Broward County officials said.
Reports that trucks were on the way to several locations yesterday.
Mornings sparked miles along lines.
This is total chaos.
And Judith Morris 65 was stood for more than six hours in a parking lot at Miramar City Hall.
This is New Orleans, Florida.
And I'm going to say I think the looters out there, the people that are looting,
and I'm going to excuse for that.
Especially now, this is not New Orleans because unlike New Orleans,
the city isn't underwater.
We didn't have much flooding from this one because it zipped through real fast.
And there are plenty of play, well not plenty, but there are places where you can find
a hotel's restaurant's open and now we're giving you plenty of bank locations
to go to and get your cash out.
So no excuse for people looting.
They will be shot on site.
That's not any official announcement.
That's just my opinion.
It should be shot on site.
Oh, they got that new law now.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
You'll feel real threatened.
State emergency vehicles loaded with water and destined for South Florida idle during the day
at the Palm Beach County Fairgrounds and Robert Lincoln,
the Florida Vision of Emergency Management.
The drivers needed to gas up with state officials couldn't reach some of the instructions by cell phone.
He said the delay was the longest Florida hurricane victims have had a wait for supplies.
I apologize for the delay Lincoln said that's the nature of disasters.
And we're not talking about the hurricane.
We're talking about FEMA when you're talking about disasters.
They are a disaster happening right before your eyes.
Howard mayor, Kristen Jacobs said yesterday that FHP troopers were escorting the truck south.
The state made promises they couldn't keep.
She said I'm very frustrated and highly unhappy.
She's pissed off and fired up and rightfully so you go, Kristen.
The state is responsible for shipping ice and water from Palm Beach County to Homestead.
The FEMA is supposed to provide additional supplies where they're needed.
They've cut a mayor Carlos Alvarez acknowledged there were kinks to be worked out.
They're explained that Tuesday was the first day of a complicated process.
That's the Kinezlo.
The electrical challenge he said sounds like a cop out to me Carlos.
And by the way I wonder which one of the kinks he is maybe he's a loa.
Those challenges include the debris in the road which slowed trucks considerably
but Alvarez promised things would go smoother today if the county's distribution sites.
More trucks are on the way from Jacksonville with supplies he added.
School supplies.
At Markham Park in sunrise cars were backed up for more than two miles in two different directions
and about a hundred others arrived on foot or by bike.
Some shook their empty coolers at TV helicopters hovering overhead.
National Guard troops carrying M16's guard of the gates they had rifles
but no water or information about when it would arrive.
They should have been here first thing in the morning said John need him 48 a plantation.
You go John at least a thousand cars were lined up outside Miramar City Hall.
Resonants were furious at police for dismantling a first-come first-served system
that they advised to keep order.
Officers told a group that had been waiting in the parking lot for hours to get to the back of the line.
Once the police changed the plan there was total chaos at Susi Feliciano.
Nobody told us anything they just said life is tough.
How do you like that? Life is tough my ass.
Yeah that's what I heard.
There was also confusion at some other sites where the residents were required to arrive by car.
But what if you didn't have gas for your car?
Huh? Well that happened to me this morning.
I walked up with my gas canisters. No walk-ups.
And what about the ATMs in these banks that are open?
Are they going to say oh sorry no walk-ups at the ATM?
I'm thinking no walk-up based on what?
My money is green. I got the cans right here.
Yeah. Well my gas is my car is full.
I don't need to do that.
I'd stick your foot out and say walk up to this.
I will remember these people.
Good.
The one I mentioned has no doubt.
Remember rural fest? Yes.
At Tammy Amy Park in Dayton Plantation Heritage Park walkers were told they couldn't get ice and water see.
Walkers? Yeah.
They made no sense to people who were trying to conserve gas or couldn't use their cars.
Duh.
Not fair. I have tree block in my car set and murder surveillance of sweet water.
Even when there was no word on when if ever the trucks would arrive people continued waiting and waiting and waiting.
I've got nothing to lose at Panty at Carlin 39 of Washington.
I've got no power at home so I must well sit here.
Well be safe.
Water and MREs no ice finally arrived at Holiday Park in Fort Lauderdale last night provided by FEMA and distributed by volunteers.
It was frustrating. We saw people in line and need and we knew what they needed but we couldn't get it to them.
So volunteer at Thornie Jirrett, president of the Victoria Park.
Just move along.
Civic Association.
Thornie rhymes with horny.
Simply a supply truck driver said Tuesday they weren't sure whether more distribution was scheduled for a holiday park today.
See this is the problem giving information out as we're trying to give useful stuff out to you.
But.
But.
And I think I'll print out this list of Windixie and Publicses at Home Depot's again that are open.
All right.
I probably Schmidt can do for me yesterday but I'll do that again.
Supply truck driver said yesterday weren't sure whether more distributions were scheduled for a holiday park today like I just got through saying.
City Miami spokeswoman Kelly Pettin said the city coordinated orange bullside had its year of logistical hiccups.
Such as the first hour providing water but no ice but had overall performed pretty well.
Pettin said really frustrating items to the orange bull were dealing with the same debris ridden roads facing the public.
Spotty telephone service made coordinating challenging Pettin said.
See this is a good reason to have your your blackberries.
I guess I guess a lot of cell phones are working the blackberries wouldn't either because they can't find a thing.
Right.
A signal working signal right.
But they always better to have one though.
Everybody go out there and get a blackberry.
Please pick them right off tree and Georgia's backyard.
27 past 10 at 560 WQA and American residential lending wants to make your life a little bit easier the way things are going right now.
That's a good idea.
With over 20 years experience ARL offers custom loan programs that fix your situation.
Whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel a kitchen or you're looking to put a pool in the backyard just looking to wipe out mountains of credit card debt.
American residential lending can get it done for you.
Carl Nelson, your core at American residential lending.
They've got more than two decades experience in a mortgage business and access to more than 100 wholesale lenders.
ARL can cut your current mortgage payment up to 500 bucks.
Handily refinancing generates some quick cash or even do a home equity loan.
And they do it with personalized service and a program that's made specifically and especially for you.
Remember that song?
Plus when they close along with you they'll give you a free seven day curvy and cruise.
They'll be a celebrate.
You can't beat that to your lenders.
So call American residential lending today or whenever you get your phone service back at 866 move ARL and thumb the old deal for the call.
That's 1 866668 32 75.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5662 8.
It's me again Bob.
Dush when you're done following is a test of the FEMA alert system.
This is only a test.
What happened?
This was only a test.
If it had been an actual emergency you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days and give a dick.
At best 27 to 11 o'clock.
Now let me ask you this.
What's the situation with the gas?
Do we have any additional gas stations?
Do we have some that have been deleted because they ran out of gas?
What's the answer?
I didn't get the answer.
The only updated list I have is I have a BP west of Palmetto and 58th.
I got a BP NF Sunco on sterling and palm.
I got a BP on 120th and coral way and a sitco on 37th Ave on the Palmetto.
That's the only gas that I have.
I do have stuff to report if you want.
Yes.
Okay.
If you're going to the Dave and Buster to pick up supplies, I guess they're giving out water and ice.
You have to get off at Sheridan.
You have to get off at Sheridan.
They will let you come in from sterling.
If you're headed there, make sure you get off at Sheridan.
Something funny at Pemberck Park, a guy called in and said they have a sign up that says,
you loot, we shoot.
Excellent.
That's always good.
A guy called and said on the news they're saying, tree top park was supposed to open at 9 a.m. to give out water and ice.
They have not opened the gates yet.
That's on Navhill and Davy.
If anybody was planning on going there, I guess don't.
Also, a guy from UPS called and said he is delivering.
Everybody get in because they're going to businesses and nobody's there.
UPS has started to deliver.
Excellent.
UPS and the mail in that order, man.
They're the best.
I love UPS.
What are we going to do about the gas station list we have from yesterday?
I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a chicken scratch as we had.
I don't know.
Or you don't have that no mo knows where that went.
We love it for the following people.
I see.
Maybe we leave it for the following people today.
We don't know who the following people are going to be.
It's only 1035.
Why should we worry about who's going to be doing the mo show today from two to four because it ain't going to be guilty?
By the way, the Panther Games Saturday at the Macarena has been canceled.
Been postponed.
No gain.
One last night, overtime in Pittsburgh, four to three.
Steve and Wice, by personal hero score, winning goal.
Nice going, Stevie.
But anyway, we got mad dog at four.
Hurricane Hotline at seven from Bernie Khoz, our stay-cows and South Miami.
It says now, I don't know about that because I guess if we are going to be doing it, then they must have power, right?
See, these are little things that would be nice to know to fill in the blanks on.
I'm sure that clearance is really overwhelmed, especially with muff out on vacation.
But it would be nice to find out from somebody.
Well, Hurricane Hotline is going to be somewhere.
Hurricane Hotline will be on from here and no will be on from here.
Mo will be on from by low lighting Howard because you know.
Do do do do do.
Yeah, yeah, here.
I see. Well, that means Mo got back. That's excellent news.
Good numbers there, Mo.
By the way, and at the book, nice going.
The new improved Mo. Two to four.
That mad dog in Hurricane Hotline.
The World Series from ESPN Radio 9.
Too bad about that eight million hour game last night.
I was hoping Houston would finally win a World Series game and it had nicely.
But so it goes any can after the World Series.
So here's that list.
Well, I feel like a list reader right now feels somewhat useless.
You know, can't take any calls.
But Josh, like I said, you can call all you want and give some information because right there's a good example.
Josh putting some good stuff out.
I have one more good piece of info.
A lady who I guess is a neighbor or a couple of houses down from you called and said she owns a Jack or and a pizza on
Broward Boulevard between Pine Island and University and they're over very well.
They're open.
Excellent.
By the way, she said your house. You know, not too bad.
Well, what?
What?
Not too bad.
So your neighbors are all walking through your yard.
Just a couple of trees down.
You know how that goes.
Oh, I see.
You know, but thank you so much.
Yeah, that's she's a sweetheart.
She lives a couple of days.
She does bug the hell out of me, but she's very nice.
Yeah, so on Broward Boulevard between Pine Island and University, that's Jack.
Back around a piece of the good stuff over there and they are open.
All right.
Thank you, excellent.
I just go over and sit in front of my house and with a shotgun.
Oh, man.
What a deal.
Anyway, before I'd order to airports,
I don't want to put this in the context of if the, it can't get the airport hooked back up.
Then what are the odds for the rest of your port bastards in Broward?
You know what I'm saying?
Well, looking really good.
But Fort Lauderdale still closed the airport.
Miami is open running and obviously not a full all the flights.
So check with the airline and check with the airport.
But starting to come back not too bad.
And like I said, the Hank, if you're in that anywhere in that area over where the airport is,
and your desperate to find a place for food, they do have the,
the terminal is open.
The main terminal is open air by me international.
So you can go in there and, you know, there are, because always is always fine, right?
Right.
They do need an oil change, but I like as always a lot.
And then Jack around the pizza is open air in a plantation.
So we'll find more and more as we, it's just amazing to me.
And I don't want to say we told you so last week, but boy, I wasn't going to,
I wasn't going to get caught with my microphone down last week.
I didn't I lean on a pretty heavy duty.
That's it.
And I said, go and do it.
Do your thing.
Get your flywood and get your water and your supplies and your batteries
and your little transistor sister because this could be a real man.
And it was.
And then they were saying, well, it's only going to be a category I won.
And then it come to find out it's strengthened with three.
And you really blew the crap out of Broward and a lot of dayd and, uh, Palm Beach, etc.
Anyway, here's the list of Windixi publics and home depots that are open.
Uh, and this is as of yesterday.
You know, I'll tell you the hero is, although this is from the hero,
but the hero is doing a much better job on their website, which is very unusual,
because their website blows and a SunCent will usually blows them away.
But the SunCent will website really pissed me off this morning,
because they still have the same list of stuff that they had yesterday.
You know, where to find this and where to find that nice.
And they have the same list on there from yesterday.
Well, that's no good because we know that some of those places didn't pan out anyway.
So you think that they would have liked to rework in that, but they're,
they're a little slow just like our people there.
So we don't have Bernie Cozett on the cross down.
We got Mo, thank God the Mo man is back.
Just absolutely.
To celebrate his good numbers in it.
And I think he had a four point.
Oh, what do you have in those two hours?
Four or nine or something like that?
Did good.
Nice going, Mo.
We know you can do it.
They're starting to warm up to you a little bit.
Take some time.
It takes a few years, but you warm up to them.
Anyway, here's the deal.
Wind Dixie opened in a high alias 65 out of West 4th Avenue.
And I still say like I told you before the show,
I don't understand.
I know there's debris in the roads and the trucks are slowed down.
The communication is difficult.
But it would seem to me that truck loads of ice and the supplies ought to be coming in.
Am I wrong about that?
No.
I know how the way these people go and cherry picked the shells clean.
I mean, just I understand that.
And you're talking millions of people who are in desperate need of this stuff.
But nevertheless, 65 out of West 4th Avenue in high alias 58.
15 North West 183rd Miami.
Wind Dixie opened.
3890 West 18th Avenue in high alias.
1201 East 10th Avenue in high alias.
948 South West 67th Avenue in Miami.
146.55 Southwest 104th Street in Miami.
West 48th Street in 60th Avenue in high alias.
Home Depot, most home depots are open powered by generators.
And most publics are open as I've yesterday morning from South of Volkade,
Pembert Pines with some exceptions.
If you want info about stores in your community call 1-800-242-1227.
1-800-242-1227 if you want to find out if your public is open.
All right.
A lot of heavy duty pressure, man.
I'll give you the numbers on FPL. They're not good.
Better in Dave County than Broward.
Broward just a disaster.
Very few people got their power back in Broward.
So, kiss the ground there, a jack of random pizza.
Tell them that Neil sent you by and they'll only charge you a double, okay?
Over there, a jack of random pizza. They got good stuff. They're nice people.
Okay, 19-11-560-WDQM.
Get in, man.
I have to.
Oh!
Hey, everybody.
I'm Brown in Brown.
Accountable for everybody.
Brown in Brown.
As a human being.
I'm a biggest appointment.
But I got a Brown nose.
And I know where I pointed.
There was no one to get them say.
They don't look Republican anyway.
I did everything I possibly can.
To show my support for the good luck plan.
Oh, what a job I had as a vector of people.
When I'm a twernd in a wiserly schemer
and a clueless other but big.
That's a blue kick, it's his kick.
Brown nose in the bridge.
Goods his kicks.
Brown nose in the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone.
With W said I did one heck of a job.
And it's your pays off.
To be a crowning in another white maize.
The Christian Fonies, the National Guard, is down there now.
We thought it was just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is baking pain.
All the hurricane gave us a BPC.
For Eocron, social, and unirre like a giant read public.
It's Wayne King.
Raise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Raise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe in compassion.
What we are like, it serves the right to have this black.
And you descend to Zusei.
It's a national disgrace that you would not have black.
In the first place, this is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that everything's caused by babies.
Who are not the right gunna all-monger?
Like Trotty McLellin and Carly Rolwell.
All we're achieving in the American right-wing dream.
You bake everybody right-like me.
And the ignorance of a baby.
Who gets his child?
Ground knows the nourish.
For how I've been standing by the old lady in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses.
I'm a negligent bird over now.
Here's a keep going down.
The keep my nose brown.
I'm a negligent bird over now.
You fare a keep going down.
The keep my nose brown.
1047.
We got the Molmeister back at 2 a.
A little semblance of normalcy in our lineup.
Again, mad dog at 4.
And then the stuff that nobody cares about.
Okay, let's see.
We got some locations where the roads are blocked.
Five major brown intersections blocked by power lines.
So, more tourists, you know, government yourselves accordingly take alternate routes.
Avoid these like to play.
The following intersections are blocked according to Lee Billingsley County's spokesman.
Commercial Boulevard at Prospect Road.
Northwest 31st Avenue in Prospect Road.
Hillsboro Boulevard from Locks Road to State Road 7.
Locks Road.
Okay.
Is that correct or is that Locks of Hancey?
Is there really a place called Locks Road?
Yeah.
You're going to be kidding me.
No.
Is there near the deli then?
Northwest 21st Avenue from Oakland Park Boulevard to Northwest 19th Street is blocked.
And Andrew's Avenue from 13th Street to Oakland Park Boulevard.
Forget about it.
So take alternate routes.
Okay, I'll put a pile of stuff that needs to be repeated over and over and over again.
Don't forget our number 56670560 and 0.560 and if you're right then sing it in the right-ass line.
You'll talk to Josh.
You'll give us some information and we'll pass it along.
Hopefully.
Right?
Right.
Now we're getting info about the restaurant there.
What is it?
Jack or Rhonda Pizza?
Good info.
You can go in here and get like a sub, a hoey, a...
A slide up a little.
10-20 pizzas.
Bring them by the station for George and Josh.
Nobody brought the pizza yesterday, dope boys.
Or gas.
Nobody brought any gas.
Should be nice if somebody bring a nice five gallon can of gas, George, or at least 100 bucks for it.
20 bucks.
I'll give you that going right in the little...
Something on the little side.
So we can get that generator going.
Are you out of gas in the generator or running the engine?
Yeah, no.
We're out.
We're out of gas this morning.
We had some.
We thought was a good least supply and there it was.
So George's desperately need a gas for his regenerate.
Not for his vehicle and he's doing okay there.
And the bad news is not only the old days when you could siphon gas out.
Now we have siphon-proof vehicles.
What did that happen and why didn't they tell me?
Yeah.
Before I cut up my garden hose.
Don't cut up your hose.
Hey, I stuck everything tubular into that tank and still nothing.
Cute!
95% of the Broward still without power.
Here's the latest update as a 9 o'clock this morning.
I wasn't going to give these stats from 6 a.m.
But now we're there really on top of it.
And at this rate, let's see, by the year 25-25, everybody should be okay.
FBNL reports that as a 9 o'clock this morning, 839,200 customers are still without power and Broward.
It's 95%.
So far in Broward, 23,600 customers have had their power restored.
So let me take a look.
I have that list here it is.
Now the 6 a.m. number.
So let's see between 6 and 9, that means that they increased about 11,000 in 3 hours.
So with that rate, let's see.
That's bad.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
The date count is of 6 this morning, there were 105,600 restored way way more than in Broward,
out of 850,900.
About the same number in Broward and date, equally lost power, a little over 850,000.
But 105,600 in data been restored as of 6.
So that's probably over 110,000 hours Broward's dollar with 23,000.
And there's a reason for that.
You do know the reason.
Though what?
Well in Broward, they had all those FBNL substations just blown the bits.
Yes, that's all.
And any rate in Palm Beach County, 631,000 people lost power.
They got 32,000 for under restored as of 6 a.m. not very good.
But better than Broward.
Yeah, that's in Palm Beach.
Yeah, here's the story on the substations.
Hurricane Wilma did massive damage to Florida Power Nights Electricity Supply System knocking out 240 substations,
and trashing the major transmission lines that deliver electric to customers.
That makes Wilma far more destructive hurricane than Katrina.
This time because the damage to its substations and transmission lines, FBNL executives,
may take up to two weeks for more than half of its 3 million powerless customers to get electricity back.
It could be three weeks to get 95% back to power, and four weeks for everybody to get restored.
Four weeks.
Following that?
Yeah, yeah.
Take up to three weeks to get 95% back, two weeks to get more than a half back.
So it all depends on where you are.
For reasons that are still unclear, Wilma knocked out 240 substations,
each of which serves 10,000 to 30,000 customers, as well as high-power transmission lines and pulls.
We have experienced very severe damage to our infrastructure,
so that FPL vice president, Gisha Williams, the Gisha girl from FBNL,
the worst destruction occurred in Broward in Southern Palm Beach counties.
At one point, all the substations in Broward knocked out, essentially darkening, the whole county was in the dark.
Of course, we've been pulled out before.
This was a far worse infrastructure hit the FBNL experience last year during Charlie, Francis, and Genie,
or this year during Katrina.
One reason was the broad swath of the hurricane with strong winds spread up across 180 miles an hour.
Another across 180 miles.
Another reason was that Wilma reached category two or three in some parts of the utilities territory,
a lot stronger than Katrina's one.
Williams reported that, severely strictly, we reported they've seen pull snapped in half,
flying debris appeared to be the reason for many of the knockout substations.
But all of hera said that didn't explain all the damage to the substations,
which are combinations of lines and equipment, which is exposed to the elements.
Frankly, it's not 100% clear to us why those facilities took a lot of damage.
He said, it's going to take weeks and months to figure out why.
Well, we don't care why. We just want it back. That's all.
And I thought that we want to be surly about it.
But I don't want to know the wise and we're forced.
We have plenty of time to figure that out lately and point a lot of fingers,
and scream about Brownie Brown, and you're doing a heck of a job.
Just get it back on, please. Thank you.
Now, that would be good.
Now, it would be maybe a half an hour ago, it would be even better.
Williams said, 40 substations have already been brought back to power,
but each substation must undergo an RGS restart process,
in which every element and circuit is checked before the units brought back online.
Then, every feeder leaving from the substation must be checked,
and after that workers must examine the transformer that reduces voltage once again,
and distribute power to homes.
All of hera said the utility is being cautious in promises for restoration.
These estimates are based on a really incomplete assessment,
he said, because less than 24 hours at past, since Wilma cleared the area,
helicopter cruiser still examining major transmission lines yesterday afternoon.
County by County estimates could be available today,
neighborhood forecast might come later in a week.
FPNL, I should mention, by the way, that Hygro Ontario,
that there are a whole bunch of workers that Hygro Ontario sent,
which FPNL is paying for, of course, but from right here in Ontario,
sending out a Palm Beach County, help them restore power.
How you like that? All right. Well, thank you.
That's a good word from us folks here in Ontario, A. Good Canadian boys.
You go, you do a good job, and the goalie's go.
FPNL said it had about 6,000 workers in the field,
was bringing another 3,000 before Sunday from states around the country.
They didn't mention, of course, Ontario because they're anti-Canadian.
Officials said they expected all hospitals to have power back by the end of Tuesday,
as well as Port Everglades, the crucial entrance point for much of the region's gas for cars.
Let me just read that again.
Officials said they expected to have all hospitals powered back by the end of the day yesterday,
as well as Port Everglades, the crucial entry point for much of the region's gas for your cars,
and my international level gets to the year for we know my international is running.
At 8 o'clock last night, about 412,700, they 3. too many customers stay.
Why do we lost power? Had been restored, FPNL said.
And in Broward, we know, not good.
Let's see, in day, they're saying 86,000 restored.
I got some of these sheets of paper here.
I can't, this is worse than when the ratings come out. This is worse than elections.
Now, in day, now it's over 105,000 restored.
They're doing a pretty dang good job in day.
I guess they didn't have the substation damage in day that they didn't brow it.
I reckon not.
It's not being an expert in that.
In these areas, they're just talking off my ass, but nevertheless, what else we're going to do, right?
Got a lot of that to do for next few days.
Talk to our ass.
Yeah. I'm not going to give you the poor result, because who are what do you fear most?
That's the same poll from yesterday you'll notice, and you won't notice, because you don't have any power.
So I'll read that once during the show, and it'll just stay there for a while.
Not that we're trying to be lazy, or there's just no point to it.
I mean, yesterday, and I'll give you an example, yesterday on our website,
and Josh is still continuing to put those stories on there.
I have no idea why.
I guess because I'm sending him too many feels compelled.
Well, it's something to do anyway.
It feels like he's getting that big raise coming through my as well work his ass off right now.
Any good calls on the info yet?
We got great info.
Good. Thanks for asking.
Okay. Here we go.
We got two gas stations in coral springs that opened.
These are our only walk-up, just like pretty much every other gas station.
One on wild.
For heads.
One on wilds between 440,000.
I'll start nitpicking with a brand name, Zeno.
I'm sorry, a wilds between where?
441 in Riverside.
Okay.
There's also one.
There's a sun, sonaco on Sample.
Sonoco.
Sonoco, like I said, on Sample and Riverside.
Okay.
So there's also two dominoes that opened up.
One of them is 400 East Oakland Park in Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Hey, let's go get into the bread names.
No, I'm sorry.
Right.
There's another pizza place.
Open 3, 4, 1, 6 North Ocean Boulevard.
North of Oakland Park, it says.
Excellent.
Well, less like pizza for lunch and for dinner and for snacks in between.
Is what it looks like.
There you go.
Excellent. Thank you.
I think we're doing a hell of a job if you asked me considering the fact that I'm 1200 miles away
and that you guys are sitting in sweltering conditions.
Yeah.
Although you can't look out the window.
Now, there's not studio.
There's have a window, right?
The one where Josh is.
I'm still in the old studio of a Josh's in the control room.
He can look out the window.
How about you, Pern?
Well, he's in the control room.
Like, wait, why is that?
Well, because he can't play spots.
There are computers in there.
It's messed up.
Nobody knew why do you want to be in the old studio.
I thought it was real hot in there.
It's hot everywhere, first of all, and second of all, I like it in here better than in there.
And I don't blame you.
You might catch some kudis in there or something.
You might wake up in the morning and all of a sudden start looking at the morning line ads and all the ball games.
Don't forget to pantheon game Saturday at the Mac Arena to forget about it.
Not going to happen.
It's been postponed.
Now, they could have played the one last Saturday, but I guess they were afraid nobody would have shown up
especially for Ottawa.
The lot was hot, but nevertheless, and they got Marty Hamlet.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
This is one of the weakest, most baseless indictments in American history.
It's a charge that cannot hold up even under the most glancing scrutiny.
When I found in La Sisi, damn, the first thing that said was, Tom, it's not allowed.
Born a Lincoln, paid for taxes, we burdened up, but you still, drink your innocent, we call your blood.
For all John Delay, it was bad, guy John Delay, who sent the corporate donations to the candidates.
And compared to today, we're locked for Tom away.
Got in a little washing machine, I'm having trouble for the housemajor and elite of men.
But as sure he got Tom Delay's birthday, he ran a diamond when he found his place.
For all Tom Delay was bad, guy John Delay, who just used that hammer double, then the crime don't pay.
So now what you're gonna say, Tom Delay?
I have done nothing wrong.
I have done nothing wrong.
Or I might have had my precedent.
Hey Tom.
Yeah, that's for you. It's 1103 at 560 WQA, I'm happy Wednesday, do you?
I don't know why I'm like getting, even though I'm out there, I'm like caught up with the confusion of the whole situation.
Yeah, I'm like, we don't have one day from the other.
No, not hysterical, I wouldn't say I'm hysterical, not like Kay and the Godfather.
She's hysterical.
Or was that Connie that was hysterical?
I think it was Connie.
It was you that whatever was him.
For Carla, we'll see him no more.
Yeah, I'd come with you.
No flights of fancy airports are limping back to normal.
See flight officials in Fort Lauderdale, Miami say progress is being made, but suggest passing your check with your airline.
Airports in Fort Lauderdale, Miami began to stir back to life yesterday after damage from Hurricane Windsports to Shruthana flights Monday.
Officials however, at Fort Lauderdale.
Now this was as of this morning before the show.
I don't see anything new yet.
You see anything new on your crawls on your 46710 and 23 and 51 and 110.
Officials at Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood, and Nashville expected to decide soon when the airport would reopen to commercial flights, the facility had one runway operating for private planes.
Well, screw them.
The closure marked the longest from our airports in Hurricane King in October of 1950.
Well, you know who that was named after?
Uh-huh.
Oh, the airport phase two major setbacks.
Power was yet to be fully restored to the terminal building and the Air Force water pressure was too low to Jim, Tom, George, yellow airport director.
Both of these facilities must be fully operationally and it ending was uncertain when commercial flights would be operating.
We nice to know sometime between now and a week from Simha Stora, okay?
Isn't that today Simha Stora?
That's what they said yesterday.
I can't see my eyes.
I wonder.
Meanwhile, my international is open.
Are we open around noon yesterday?
But as of late afternoon, only one arrival, a flight by Brazilian carrier TAM was confirmed.
What I was yesterday.
Uh, let's see.
The ticket counter remained empty as they milled around the airport.
I think we'll never get home now.
Why don't we go into this story?
And Miami was open traffic to the airport unusually light.
Yes, they have noon at 2 p.m.
Ticketing agents from most airlines had arrived there.
See, this is tough to do this in the past tense because these stories are, and this is from the hero also.
Like I said, they were doing a pretty good job till we got to this.
American Airlines said it was scheduled to launch five flights from South America to tonight with the rivals beginning as soon as five o'clock this morning.
Our first domestic vehicle arrival or departure will be around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning, meaning an hour ago.
American Airlines spokeswoman, minute Vallez, said,
I wonder what she's can do with Roger Vallez or Jose Vallez.
Okay, we don't care about, huh?
Who?
Some people.
Johnny Green Giant is dead before we get to any more of this stuff.
Elmer Dressler, he's saying,
Ho ho ho in the TVA.
Ho ho ho ho.
By the way, it is Simhan Haas' story today.
Told you.
What do you think?
Oh!
I looked it up on Jewish calendar online.
Yeah, well good for you.
Oh, that's right.
You got the internet's there.
That's good.
Yeah, well, we don't have the phones though because, well, we got the phones for off the air, not for on the air.
Correct, Dan.
And that's probably just as well.
Elmer Lend Dressler, Jr., who restored vegetables to generations of TV watchers
as the booing force of Johnny Green Giant has died.
He was 80.
Dressler died.
I can see this is not good.
You know, we died of?
Love cancer?
Cancer.
I don't know, time, but cancer.
You know, all those vegetables that's supposed to give you, like, all those antioxidants in your body.
Of course, maybe he was smoking, you know, Winston Tasewood, like, a 20 or 30-packs a day shirt.
I don't know.
Dressler died October 16th of cancer, quoted by the daughter Terry Bennett.
Dressler was an entertainer and singer for nearly six decades, but his voice rang through millions of households
when he sang the simple refrain,
Ho, Ho, Ho, in a jingle for Green Giant Foods.
That's all he said was Ho, Ho.
Maybe like Ho, Ho's.
Maybe that's why I ate too many of those and he croaked or just posed.
Dressler, a cancer sonate of move to Chicago with his wife in the early 50s to study voice after
touring with the production of South Pacific by the 60s, the Navy veteran had carved out a career singing
and clubs TV and advertising in Jingles.
He recorded 15 albums with the singers on a limited jazz group and appeared on the CBS television show
in town tonight from 55 to 60.
Jingles were the most consistent part of his career and he landed rules for
Rice Krispie's serial, Marlboro cigarettes.
See what I'm saying?
The Marlboro man probably did a man, Amical Oil and Dinti Moore can beef stew.
Oh, fat.
Hey, I'm having some Dinti Moore for lunch.
No, Michael Wavable.
It's that they, uh, I hope the turrets are working in that place.
Clear the hallway, clear the decks about 1215.
But, apparently, we recorded the Ho Ho Ho for Johnny Green Giant commercial's most reason about 10 years ago.
He re-hoed.
Okay.
Well, this is all, uh, a lot of this is redundant.
But, yeah, what's the best we can do is pass along whatever we got and then you've been for yourself.
That's bad.
That's true.
Not that we're insensitive, Mindy.
But what are we going to do?
We're going to come right out right to your home and bring you water and gas?
Why not?
Speaking of water?
Yes.
The Dainia Beach City Hall that was giving out water and ice.
They're out of water, but they have ice.
Okay. Well, if you need ice, and of course the amazing part of it is that ice eventually, if you let it sit around long enough, turns to water.
How do you like that?
Just sit on it a little bit.
Yeah, just let it hang around for a while.
It'll turn to water and then you can like, gulp it up.
I probably should do the thing about the, well, I'll wait.
The city by city situation is for as boil water, ordering things like that.
Okay.
Because we're not getting any updates on that on these online things.
And that would be mighty helpful, okay?
Anyway, the Sun Sentinel says, no power, no gas, no water, for many, no help.
South River Rideans began to comprehend the effects of Hurricane Wilma on Tuesdays as it became increasingly clear
that residents will spend the next few days waiting in lines for basic supplies scouring the area for gas like poor George did this morning all over the place.
I would know it in no luck, by the way.
Covinting warm showers and working toilets, tearing away debris, and overall kicking themselves for under arrest or any of the damage a category two storm could bring.
See, it says two there. I thought it was three.
One of three?
It was.
That's why the Lawrence Walkstormer was out there in the Yagatha.
It was a one, a two, and a three.
It was a three.
Although state officials had bragged about their, here's the best part.
You fat ass governor, you phony baloney, you and your buddies there with FEMA and your crooked buddy or brother.
El Presidente.
Hey Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job baby, new two fat ass, Jeb.
Although state officials had bragged about their readiness for Wilma trucks with water when I didn't start arriving in Broward,
she'll late yesterday.
Didn't even start showing up.
Palm Beach and Dave County also reported problems.
As a result, tensions ran high and some fights broke out.
As residents complained that the health was not coming quickly enough.
I'm gagging, I'm just thinking about it.
Everybody wants everything yesterday said Paul Ready, or Reedy, whatever his name is, the Vokeland Park,
who began trawling for water in ice early Tuesday, but found a local grocery store already had been picked clean.
Pick clean.
You know, shouldn't they have a limit?
Oh, they were just showing some guy pull up to one of the gas stations that was working with a pickup truck overflowing with gas canisters and just filling them up since you mentioned that.
Yeah, shouldn't they have a limit when people are on investment straight away?
And not let people whore and hog everything for themselves.
You selfish bastard.
Look at that.
Look at that.
They're like grab up every single abaga ice and every bottle of bottle water.
You know something?
I hope that people that do that.
You know, a lot of that really bottle water in the thick plastic jugs, the chemicals leech into the water.
I hope that water kills you.
How do you like that?
If you take too much of it.
You don't take too much, then we hope you survive it.
Let's see, water was restored many cities by late Tuesday, but water pressure remained low, and most residents were still crossing the boil water before drinking.
Tom Petal Beach resident Jorge Santos agreed as he surveyed his smash to the house and car.
The car remained suspended in the air by the roots of an upward and a hundred-year-old ficus tree.
The car was suspended in the air.
Suspended in the air.
The crack crack.
He went to the club, Recaldea.
Crack crack.
There was a lot of that going around, Jorge.
Across the region, people went in a scavenger mode, descending on those few sources of water, food, and gas they could find.
Most ignored pleas from government officials to stay off the roads, still full of debris and without working traffic lights.
As a result, traffic ended the clogged condition.
Stay off the roads, you lunatics, you maniacs.
Unless you go to get some crucial necessary supplies and stuff.
We had a pump and a parks spot that I scraped out because I'm sure they're not open, but it would be nice to find out from them to get a facts.
Maybe they don't have any power over there.
Troye Stradford, of course, is... he's let us down.
He was here in the day.
No one has seen him today.
I am pretty sure that they are giving out food and water, a pump and a park.
I saw that on some websites I used and I couldn't find it again.
So you can't plant your guts out, I'm sure, but they are giving out ice and food also, are you sure?
Oh, actually, yeah, I just want to go with water and ice, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm sure they've got a lot of them weenies around, but if they have no power, they can cook them.
They have no big no-s of the raw ones.
If they have any auxiliary power or anything, it would be nice to get from Steve Bull for Dick Feinberg or somebody with any facts to me to let me know what's going on.
Yeah, I'm sure it works.
Right, our facts machine is working in my foot. They have my number, direct.
They don't have to... they don't have to pimp through you, okay, right?
Pimp your facts.
In Coral Springs, hundreds of residents made desperate to buy generators lined up outside of Home Depot at five in the morning this morning.
Temporous cleared when a steady stream of city police officers and firefighters began driving the ride of the rear of the store to load police cars and personal vehicles ahead of the crowd.
A police officer, if we kept mounting off, they would arrest us, said, so Putin McClaman 59, he reached for his handcuffs.
Sheriff Ken Jenny, the possum, that fascist that looted the group, said he expressed to us for the National Guard the next two or three days because of the work flow on deputies were putting them on notice for meaning, healthy said.
Ken Jenny, got help you if you have to depend on Ken Jenny.
Curfews remained in effect from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in Broward, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. indeed.
Customers also mobbed the publics in sunrise that opened 8 a.m. to morning, stanching up to 250 cases of water in one hour.
It's been chaos since storm manager Luis Gonzalez. Scott Cabas said he drove all day from Fort Lauderdale to Boyton Beach in search of gas.
Although the story here doesn't say what, but there's more to it, I guess.
Whether he found it or not, wouldn't it be nice to know if Scott got his gas or not?
Yeah, come on, Scott.
When he comes back, he's sharing cheer like, bring by a little, bring a couple of symbols of gas by for poor jury.
This is Neil Rogers.
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
You're fair.
So this great girl, if I feel, is the best thing for me.
Those rivers are fine.
I feel a thousand sensations.
When they seduce me, you're just a girl.
I do.
She don't you.
I've been the list of my life.
Finding another hot white.
I do.
She don't you.
She didn't talk to control.
I guess I'm just any old.
I've waited to say this to you.
If it breaks this break, I'm leaving me for us.
We don't care.
It's 1118 at 560 W.C.
We got some bad news.
No announcement on indictments today on plane gate.
There.
Yeah, we're again, us all whipped up into a frenzy.
ABC news was like Adam and last night that all tomorrow's the day.
I'll be a bit of a blooper and not today.
So by the end of the week, because the grand jury expires on Friday the 28th.
So by the end of the week, we're going to be here in some little something, some.
But in the meantime, I'm sure most people have got in South Florida.
Bigger fish to fry.
Yeah, that would have been a nice, you know, cheery or cheer up.
I've been a little distraction there.
A little diversion and perversion, but nevertheless, I don't have any facts from Pomano Parkhead.
Did we get any call?
No.
Any messages?
Troy on the case is a Steve and his old, give us any info.
No.
Yeah, but hey, I'm sure I did see that on the list yesterday.
Water and ice at Pomano Park.
Curk use helped halt incidents of looting.
Even with police department strits at limited will miss white relatively few incidents of looting reported in the last two days.
And of course, like I told you before, if you looting, you shoot like that.
So that's a good sign.
If you looting, you shoot.
And aim for the heed.
Curk use were continued across South Florida.
Another curfew is possible tonight.
It says possible.
In a hard-hit, broard, official said any resident still in line distribution centers would be allowed to stay and load up with ice and water.
Exemptions to curfews include essential personnel such as law enforcement, fire rescue, hospital and healthcare workers, emergency management, others involved in recovery efforts, and of course radio broadcasters.
From the time when was Wednesday for all through Tuesday of noon for Lauderdale police?
See this part of this is chopped off.
Well, a to rest for prowling and five for some other violations, curfew violations.
Eight people are broke into a footlocker store on sunrise.
Boulevard were arrested said the Fort Lauderdale police sergeant Bill Schultz into a footlocker store.
How do you like that?
Got to get them shoes.
At nighttime, it's just very dark, he said.
I wonder what he meant by that.
That's where the curfew assist isn't getting people off the stream.
By this morning, BSO officers made one looting arrest received six reports of looting.
Deputy's arrested somebody for stealing two pairs of shoes from Mokras beauty supply and four large people.
Oh, nice.
What is this with the shoes, man?
What's that?
They have session with the shoes.
Shoes are expensive.
You know, I know.
It's just like some people that are high priority.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Target stories chopped off anyway.
A massive clamp has begun in Broward as people across South Florida waiting in line for ice water and gasoline.
80 to 85 percent of the major roads are clear of debris 80 to 85 percent and county officials are working on the others.
Said Lee Billingsley that county spokesman again, whose name keeps popping up.
County road officials are installing 30 generators to power traffic lights around Broward that don't have any electricity.
Early this morning, Tamarack City employees picked up debris, moved trees and cleaned the parking lot on City Hall and Pine Island Road.
Public works employees and private subcrime contractors cruise the streets from Tamarack to plantation to pick up debris.
Black, what is that?
Oh, backhoe.
It's not black hose, that's bad.
The backhoe is picked up, trees and apartment complexes and cranes have moved large limbs as trees, the sun rose over the debris stream parking lots.
I'm just making up their last part of each sentence because it's chopped off.
This here old website is traveling south on Pine Island from Coral Springs to plantation remained dangerous as people zoom through intersections
not allowing those waiting patiently at a certain passing.
How do you like that?
Luminates, many acts out there in the highways, even on a warm, dry sunny day with no hurricane and no debris, you drive like crap mostiest.
So now you can only imagine.
Just South of commercial Boulevard, one day the lane of the road became impassable as long line formed for two gas stations opening at the intersection of 44th Street and Pine Island and sunrise.
Hundreds of cars waited, including dozens on foot holding gas cans at the two stations at the corner of the intersection.
Several sunrise police officers tried to maintain order as temper flared and people became unruly.
Just calm down, okay, getting unruly, getting a mass speed anything up, okay, getting all bent out of shape.
Take a couple of doggie downers.
Relax.
Yeah, well, I'm out of that too.
Be calm like me, okay, just try to calm down a little bit just like me.
Yeah, because you're only a thousand miles away from all this debris and crap.
That's the way it goes.
You chose to stay there and at the end and at Rat and Fested Swamp with the snakes and bufo toads and all that other crap.
Don't forget the skaters.
And big skaters as big as bowling balls.
Man.
Well, here's some good news, okay, I want to put a little smile on the face of some of the people in Palm Beach and Palm Beach.
Well, we can't listen.
I think I might drive up there for gas today.
You know, I have food.
The greater pump and any food come by for you guys, what a joke.
How about some donuts from Dunkin' Donuts?
From a crispy screen, huh?
Not right.
Well, how about a pizza?
All these pizza joints are open.
How come they can't bring you guys down a couple of pies?
No, we're just here for the horrors.
I see.
I guess you were a friend over there in Davy probably, as nobody has never eaten Palm Re either, right?
We're not here and for many of those people, including Palm Pino Park.
The greater Palm Beach chapter of the American Red Cross is again offering mobile feeding sites today.
They'll start operating around noon, 36 minutes from now but who's counting, and continue till the food runs out.
That usually takes three to four hours to Dean Dimpty, executive director of the chapter.
The Red Cross is arranged for 20,000 hot meals and 10,000 snacks for today, Dimkey said.
What do you want to eat by a snack?
What is that, like, a little, uh, maybe a bag of whole hoes or a granola bar?
Or a little granola bar?
Or maybe like, uh, one of those little things they give you on the airplane with like cash ooze?
That's probably more likely, right?
Yeah.
Some are at fixed sites, others are roving mobile units like Big Ice Cream trucks, Dimkey said.
Mobile units, oh, how about some ice cream sounds good?
I'll take anything.
Mobile units will be in review of Beach, Blue Heron Boulevard to Martin Luther King, Heberhill Road to I-95.
West Palm Beach, Okeechobee Boulevard, South of Southern Boulevard, Interstate I-95 to East of Dixie.
Green Acres, Summit Boulevard, South of Fort Sill Boulevard, Jag Hill Road to, um, Jag Road to Heberhill.
In Lake Worth, Lucerne Boulevard, South to Latin, Tanner Road, I-95 East of Dixie Highway, Voyton Beach, Hyperluxia Road, South of Gateway Boulevard, I-95 East of Federal Highway.
fixed sites in Palm Beach will be at South County Civic Center, 16700 Jag Road, West of Belray Beach, at the Pahokie High School.
Maybe they got something that delicious cherry pie.
And Glades General Hospital, 501, it's already been frozen for 10 years.
Glades General Hospital, 501 Main Street in Belgrade, and a Tanner Park.
What?
At 105 Martin Luther King Boulevard in South Bay.
Well, you don't want to be slurping all the way up to South Bay.
I guess I will.
That's all the way up by the lake, isn't it, South Bay?
Yeah, when you go up 27, a Hershey Highway to Tampa.
There were a few bits of good news from Palm Beach County Emergency Operations Center this morning, even in the midst of continuing problems.
The main electric transmission line serving the West Palm Beach water plant was restored late yesterday.
With power restored, there is water pressure so people can bathe and flush their turlits.
All right, that averted a potential need to evacuate some areas and goods to murder in hospitals.
A blow water effect, though, still an effect.
A blow water order.
Power is back in several major infrastructure sites including Palm Beach International Airport.
Now, there is a possibility, right?
Well, I wouldn't be surprised if it would flow back into Palm Beach when you think because you had to get back into town.
That's a good chance.
When he comes down, I'm sure you'll have stories like everybody's got their stories.
Power is back to several infrastructure sites including Palm Beach International Airport and Port of Palm Beach.
We were a beach water plant.
Most of the same area is Medical Center Complex and Good Samaritan Medical Center said,
the next making from FP&L.
About 57,000 Palm Beach County customers have had power restored, but 677,000 still without power.
So it's still a long way to go, less than 10 percent.
Got it back.
Repair is a single on the northern side of I-95 north of Palm Beach.
Lakes Boulevard now allow three lanes of traffic open there, this guy said.
Water ice and meals are on-rooted mid-morning for distribution sites throughout the county.
But they declined to specify the sites until at least 10 or 11 o'clock, although it's passed that now,
because of problems with large numbers of people showing up yesterday, the places where supplies never arrive.
And I apologize profusely because we were like pimps in the process and we gave the information out in the best of intentions.
And a lot of people got screwed.
So we're just as pissed off as you are, even though we're not starving and got plenty of water here.
Took a nice hot shower this morning.
It was a body wash.
Yeah.
Enjoying some nice bottled water right here now.
I guess it was.
Some shrifts club soda.
Anyway, don't want to rub it in because there are a lot of people getting really pissed off and ornary and rightfully so because basically your government sucks, your fat ass governor sucks, and FEMA bites the big one.
And a female.
Heal Rogers.
Facing fights.
You ain't here.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
All the slime all the time.
All the slime all the time.
All the slime all the time.
All the slime all the time.
All the slime all the time.
And over with that deal we said the same thing.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me that way.
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
If he wasn't the most pissed ass, then what?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the chando I take the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I throw my golden basket out, I give a three condo face-up.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
Why do you move?
Why do you move?
My car along you sport old bulls.
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the new magic rules.
I beg to the judge that he own you to the news.
You guys are going to have to die.
It's the better show when I take the place.
I know I ain't no way clearly.
But when they drop my voice with K.
You little smoothing the toys.
You little smoothing the toys.
You little smoothing the toys.
You little smoothing the toys.
You little smoothing the toys.
I got some good news for me.
My brother is here.
I called him when he was telling me to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
I was telling him to go to the phone.
Play GoFetch with a C&I dog while he's working.
Run make it through a mall yelling.
Kill a bees.
Kill a bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog is still leaving your home with.
Ask Mark McGuire, he'll take a million dollars for one of his bullets.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip without costis and force of the stainless car seat.
Try to dribble without costis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating.
Wish no-your-will anyone, unless you don't like them, then school their under-own.
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Carina, not to care.
Come while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Neon God.
I was working in the STEM Cell Research Lab with new cells and a dead penis.
I thought I'd give it a stab.
There's more or less girls for the world to be out of the house.
Or right now in my George Petri bones.
I do STEM Cell Research.
How if I'd killed others where?
Where does this work?
Where has this handsome old man?
With my STEM Cell Research called the Thomas this would be cool.
And if I hadn't stored him in a brain in push.
If you would bring me Peter Frosty, if I can make her understood.
What, what, what, what, what, what?
Sonny, growl that day by boat coming green.
Seems he's confused about this STEM Cell Tick.
He asked me before he put the stuff through all this.
Is there anything you can do about my limb breath?
Mixed and torn, set stop this sin.
As ordered to be dissoned, well if you would insist,
he drove it home to show his kids.
It may then have a son of a billacle called sandwiches.
I do STEM Cell Research.
No more pubes will hurt.
It's either me or the church.
I do STEM Cell Research.
Oh my heart, we can call sleep.
It's the only hell this snow has up here.
Hey, thanks for coming.
Some minutes to notify 60WQM anyway, I'm back.
I would have been back even sooner,
except there was some broad down there in the year.
Oh, you could.
Did you supply the shower head and is it an expensive amount?
I'd be there.
If I wouldn't have interjected, I would still be STEM.
And then to find out, I got a new AC Enderstown or two.
How do you like that?
Yeah, so we can preview that on the ear.
And then see if it's clean.
A lot of that going around with the broads in your way this morning.
Although, wait a minute.
Now, I don't think we can do that though.
Can we?
Do what?
Oh, that's right.
Better not do that.
Oh, it's a lot of fun.
We've got a little technical situation going on that we don't want to really discuss too openly.
AC has always cleaned.
What could be in their hearts?
This is not AC End.
Oh, AC Ender.
Aha.
And they tend to get a little potty mouth lately because they're just, yeah, just kind of devilish.
Okay, here's some important stuff.
The audience don't want to hear that crap anyway.
They want to hear news information, information, just like in the prisoner we want information in.
But here's some.
Broward County has been approved for FEMA assistance for both small businesses and individuals.
The number to call is 1-800-621-3362.
People must say they've all received because FEMA assistance is only for reimbursement was announced at the Broward Emergency Operations Center this morning.
1-800-621-3362.
I was at the same number I hear about only moments ago, probably.
Sounds familiar.
Let me look.
Does that spell out the schema?
1-800-621-3362.
FPNL said, hope they have power restored to a majority of Broward by?
Oh, no.
What's the date today of the 26th by November 8th?
And everyone in the county back on our electricity by November 15th?
I see.
647,000 people have had power restored in South Florida so far.
But mostly not in Broward.
Can that number be right?
I think there's an extra zero on here.
I guess that's right.
Lynn Shadows of FPNL said 10,913 people are working on restoration efforts from mid-St. Lucie County South in the day.
The Broward Emergency Operations Center said they have 16 sites set up for water and ice and said 127 trucks are being escorted through Palm Beach County by BSO deputies.
In addition, electricity has been restored to the public's warehouse in Del- and Deerfield Beach and said the supermarkets will likely have ice available later today.
They'll be making the ice as fast as they can.
And that good news?
Kelly Good.
Electricity has been restored to the public's warehouse in Deerfield Beach and the supermarkets stores will likely have ice available later today.
And they'll be making it as fast as they can in the ice too.
The Port Everglades channel may be be open later today.
There's plenty of fuel locally, but few gas stations have the power sources to provide it to drivers.
Well, we're working on that.
So, okay, I'm going to put that in my let's say hang out of that pile.
FEMA, 1-800-621-FEMA, 1-800-621-3362.
Now, well, what am I going to get to my all of the sudden stuff?
See, I feel I don't know.
And I'm only I'm not sending anymore unless there's something major.
Josh, whatever you got now for me, that's it for the day because what's the point?
I mean, put a big burden, you know, and having you do a lot of work and nobody's going to read it.
Sorry, I didn't hear you. I was talking on the phone. What was that?
It looks so buttoned there, Josh.
You heard it.
I said I'm going to send you 50 stories for tomorrow, smart ass.
Okay, now we got any more info because I want to make sure we get this on right away.
If we get anything good, we get a lot of good stuff about gas stations and about a few restaurants,
Jacaranda Peetz's open plantation, anything else?
Just this gas station listed, Josh, gave me.
You think that we'd have more dayed county locations for food because date has got quite a few people online.
I'm even yes, I'm just reporting.
I'm sure of South, that looks like a house.
Well, so what's the story?
Why isn't anybody calling?
Yeah, why are we getting the info?
Are they not putting it up on your crawl there on your TV?
Oh, they're putting a whole bunch of crap on the crawl, but nothing like that.
It's not for like ice and water, ice and water, that's all they care about.
Well, maybe something we like to chew on a little something more than just ice and water, okay?
I realize when you don't have your teeth in your mouth, it's kind of hard to chew on solid food,
but maybe some apple sauce.
I think we could read off some of this stupid stuff going on the crawl here like...
If you see a down power line, don't touch it. Call it at the end of the video.
No, please, please.
Like that NBC.
The more you know, yeah, the more you know the person is stupid thing that even a two-year-old child knows.
The more you know, like they're educating the world.
There are a bunch of horrors like everybody else.
It's GE, you're in a damn oil business, you're in a business with all those contractors over in Iraq.
You're a bunch of crooks too, okay?
So don't give us a song at a dance.
I'll you lunatics at GE, they don't want NBC and CNBC and MSNBC, etc.
The federal government has approved disaster aid for individual homeowners and renters.
Federal officials agreed last night.
Now this was before the thing that I just did about for the small businesses, but anyway.
Federal officials agreed to do that to give direct stromate a South Florida homeowners and renters who suffer damage from willma.
The decision means that homeowners and renters in Dave Rowan and Palm Beach counties will be eligible for cash grants from FEMA,
worth as much as $26,000 to cover uninsured expenses, including home repairs, temporary lodging and funerals.
Funerals.
I'm dying on the hands.
Nationally, FEMA's average disaster grant is $2,500 to those who qualify.
Private aid also makes residents eligible for low interest loans, worth up to $200,000 to repair or replace primary residences and $1.5 million for small businesses.
Cash for private strom victims was initially limited to residents of Lee, Cog and Monroe counties, the counties first struck by the storm, but several members of Congress who were really pissed off and rightfully so pressured FEMA to add other South Florida counties, including Dave and Broward,
annoyed that the federal government refused to provide aid for local residents after Katrina struck in August.
Governor Jev Bush, your fat ass cover also made a poosh.
He's pooshing it all right.
It's beyond comprehension for me, FEMA's foot dragging at a time when we need to have a sense of urgency.
US representative Kendrick Meek of Miami said Tuesday afternoon as he looked down on the Alapada Opalaka Liberty City,
other Miami neighborhoods from a National Guard Black Hawk.
Many of the older homes had missing roofs on a one block stretch of Liberty City where a new home stood among a smorgasbord of old construction.
All of the older houses had some degree of roof damage the new home had none.
As scored by local officials, FEMA officials began local damage inspections in Broward and Dave, scouring neighborhoods for damage.
US representative Debbie Wasserman, Schultz of Weston, toured the Sherron Village and Sunshine Village Mobile Home Parks in Davy with one team.
They knew the storm would hit this part of the state to me. It seems like a real no-brainer, she said, of individual assistance.
In other words, FEMA sucks.
FEMA workers assessed home damage on a scale of minor major or destroyed.
Many of the Davy mobile homes which had trees through the roofs or their sidewall split open were ruled destroyed by FEMA's surveyor Jim Yost,
who I'm sure is related to former great third-basement edios to the Washington Senators.
We want to get the help to them as quickly as possible, Yost said.
We have to follow a protocol before the money starts to come in, but we're working to get it here quick.
One mobile home split in half by tree had, whereas FEMA's spray painted on its side.
A lot of people are frustrated by the destruction and just wanting to hear that help is on the way, Yost said, after speaking with that home's owner.
FEMA director, our David Paulison, oh boy, said his agency will have seven disaster recovery centers.
You know what's interesting? Because FEMA is the disaster when you think about it.
They'll have seven disaster recovery centers set up in Florida this week.
They already have 160 medics in the state treating patients.
Paulison, who was planning to arrive in South Florida some time today, acknowledged in recent days that delivering ice water and meals was the biggest challenge.
That was a problem yesterday. Several ice water distribution centers in Dayton, Broward, ran out of supplies, they were open late.
Some in Palm Beach kind didn't bother opening at all.
Okay, well, what's the point?
You know what I'm saying? What he said?
You're not going to, you know, you can ask your teeth and get angry all you want, but it's not going to make them any more any better or any more.
Yeah, that's faster.
Okay.
I got something to worry.
Please.
In Cutler Ridge from Ureca Drive to 200th Street, I guess they have power back.
A guy called us at all the gas stations over there open.
Oh my God.
And there's a burger king open.
Everybody go down that way.
Get a lot for you.
Get a cheese wapper with a bacon cheese wapper man.
Even some of the loan loan rings would be great.
That is only if your furloughs are working.
Well, that's good.
Now, say it again, the cover ridge in from the river.
Yes, Ureca Drive basically to 200th Street.
He said that there's a bunch of gas stations.
They've got power back over there.
And he said that there was a burger king open.
Gas and burger king, which of course there could be a connection there.
Not necessarily that.
That's end oil.
Right.
There you go.
So that sounds very good.
Go over and get a 20 or 30 of those breakfast-gross sandwiches too would be good without the egg.
Because we get the egg, you know, what's going to be happening all day long.
That's not good.
We're looking for gas, but not necessarily that kind of thing.
This is Neil Rogers.
I'm from Eliana, Russia, Latening.
And I like scrubbing my stomach really fast with soap made from fuels.
And listening to the near-rope communist hour.
Take that!
Do we want to say that we do QA Miami for a lot of people?
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
We're coming from God for Texas where we get tar on my meat.
While they died in Louisiana, I race fast for the G-O-D.
Oh, God, Trina, don't put the blame on me.
And I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner around and around.
Now, do a little swim into the war list now.
Swim to the left to the right.
Here we go.
Swing a little mud down, docey-go.
Oh, God, Trina, why didn't those people flee?
This person is Louisiana, then it is for Iraqi.
That's a loop there.
Toot toot toot toot.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right, so when we found people who were in Washington
around this country and how do we turn in the waters
already started to mine.
what vegetables don't require refrigeration carrots
who
big sellers were water chips bread cookies and cases of beer
i'm glad
jephard's mazo of the new beach trip the chance to stock up on things you
forgot as well as the carbohag rates in switchie and been eating before will
more rive
all of these things were not supposed to be on my diet
said the jephard's mazo whose car was stocked with pasta
or your cookies and loaves of bread
atkins is out the window with you when you can find she said
well speaking of that murk griffins on a new diet it's the chris atkins diet
here
here's the uh... distribution this is going to take some time i i don't know
and i got this list from uh... the herald cancelations and uh... all boy
uh... i'm just well i'll do it
do it
it's part of the world people want to know you know they want to know
various organizations are distributing supplies around south Florida
now this again this is from yesterday although they did make some alterations
on here don't blame it on us don't come in the p.m. hour long if uh... you know
if uh... some of these places ran out
and we never did hear from a popular part did we
load out of the night gone troy you're right on top of it baby
they need to be to be city hall now when the new i tell me that they were out of
something before was that nothing yet i was uh... yeah they were out of water but
they still have a still i'm ice and if you let the ice melt guess what voila water
the city of one hundred west they need to be
baby three times part of the world and some of the top part to
we did
that was a
uh...
uh... something
well i'd like to keep track of so many zinni oh yeah yeah uh...
they were supposed to open with water and i said nine and but they never did
yeah
well i'm not giving it then
howl and they'll be childy would dogtracking to be one of the whole highway
hollywood all
david busiest parking lot open class of a please please
do not enter from a story wrote only from sherdon street where they were
lined up this morning from a all the way to the uh... gulf coast
wilton matters at haggen park twenty twenty wilton drive
kupras city
at sea some of the state hours to come and uh... uh...
i just hate to get people going to places and then
surprise
kupras city ice water and food will be available at brine piccolo park ninety five
of one sherdon street hours to come
corral springs just called nine five four three four four ten oh one they'll be
happy to tell you where to go i'm sure
dania beach where we did that
hollywood
residents can pick up uh... water at oakland plan open and that's a
the city repeating stuff on here this is the herald or the sunset like i
said the heralded much better
uh... water day elixir just as a number water hill ice water at the city hall
park at nineteen of northwest fifty fifth avenue
miramar
residents can call nine five four six oh two four three five seven
for city service questions
curfew from seven p.m. bill seven am until for the notice
north of the old shelter at parklake's elementary school thirty nine twenty five
norths they were seven of the day links
to truckloads of ice and water will be available this is yesterday she didn't
redo this in the sun sent a
they suck
uh... plantation
call the citizens hotline at nine five four five eight five twenty three sixty
three
five eight five twenty three sixty three
uh... sunrise offering updates on a website but always got power to
that's kind of stupid what do you expect in sunrise
tamarack they got a hurricane helpline nine five four seven two four twenty
four thirty six western
residents can call nine five four three eight five two thousand
well manners call nine five four eight three one four thousand
uh... good god in bokeh and the easiest
ice and water distribution centers and these were for yesterday so who knows
that they still have them
so be nice if they would like to update on these things in the sun sent
all you lunatics you may be a true fairy here's the what the herald says
date county
i mean you know like i said yesterday we're doing the best we can with some
of these places are
either gonna be out in the not doing a good job of updating the stuff either
are they
distribution centers for ice water other supplies in date county
home depot
one fifty seven fifty southwest eighty eight street
the metrosoo
teresfield ten thirty four northeast eight street in a homestead
a million-year-old park four one sixty fifths three high alia
the orange bull
mimey date north
mimey date kennel
eighty barns park at thirty four one southwest seventy second avenue
tamiy emi park
the model of hundred thirty sixty third street
landmark property twenty six hundred northwest forty seven and all there's a
list here fifty thousand these by the way
hadley park fourteen hundred northwest fifty eighth street
mimey city hall thirty five hundred pan American drive in broward oh here you go
this is updated like i said let's hear it for the herald all right
about time they did something good
this is updated plantation heritage park eleven hundred south big tree lane
plantation and oh well
pompino park on a stragg
say toldia josh toldia
even though they're not communicating with us pompino park has got water
nice and making things nice and maybe they'll let you go through the
stable area there you can find some other interesting things
tam recommended center eighty six oh one west commercial there was a guy
sitting next to me the other morning at woodbine was obviously one of the
horse manure horsemen and he obviously had been
doing the two-step in it or three-step or something
oh i and he just kept not winning but you know what i mean just hanging on
and hanging on putting in another 20 and up
oh please old Italian guy obviously a trainer or something
please take that stuff away do you ever like it i don't want to get into it
they'll get it uh markham park sixteen oh oh one west
west they were the before and sunrise north community park fifty six oh one
cross-brain driving cross-brains quiet waters park four one south powerline road
deer field beach uh hollywood dog track we gave you
hollywood uh hollywood uh hollywood park eight hundred north federal highway four
the Collins Community Center named after Dennis of course thirty nine
hundred northeast third avenue open park or maybe Joe Collins
city hall complex twenty one hundred north west fifty fifth ad
lottery hill dan witt park forty five hundred north east twenty second
ad lighthouse point uh miramar city hall twenty three hundred
civic center place in miramar the intersection of
hiatus and red roads ruling oaks park one seventy six thirty south west
fifty six street in uh southwest ranches
raunches brine piccolo park ninety five oh one
sure in the street uh treetops park uh we don't want to plug that because uh
until we find out they got stuff for lauderdale city hall a hundred north
andrews avenue the oakwood plaza three thousand oakland uh oakwood boulevard
hollywood in Monroe county key west high school sugar low school marathon
airport crawl surest high school mile marker ninety
and we know the daybroward and bomb each and uh Monroe county schools closed
all week arts diocese of mimie schools closed in daybroward in Monroe counties
pending for the notice to brainwashing will stop for a few days
act college admission placement exam is postponed in act centers across south
Florida students to be notified of the makeup date
fiu closed all week university mimie closed until mondays if it makes a
difference uh homecoming events cancel football game proceeds uh
proceeds but didn't they just change the time on the till noon
the hurricane game well okay this court station is something
well we heard it i heard a promo from some home all that they changed it
till a noon i believe on Saturday well we don't know the
university mimie closed all week i think we just said that very university closed all week
mimie did college closed today fiu closed all week
lin university closed yesterday well that's good bcc closed through sunday
nova closed through sunday the art institute of four-large day closed until monday
carlos albazoo university closed today what is that um
carlos albazoo my international is reopened four-large day hollywood airport
closed to for the notice we're not getting anymore reports about that i'm scarring i'm
looking i i just uh not in good
bomb eats international is open there's something to think about those people
trying to figure out a way to get back or get out
bomb eats i've actually done some of that's where the molemyster came into
you think probably because he lives in the black area they make a lot of sense
she does florida keys marathon open day light hours only the airport and key
western national airport is pending whatever that means patent pending
past years advised to call their airline to determine when service will resume
out of mimie and four-large day ho some flights not operating even though uh
mimie is open for example just call the airline and win a doubt check it out i'm not
giving the airline numbers okay if you can't do that for yourself
your mama mimie date transit metro rail service is spending three to five days
for repairs a bus bridge uh to public buses parallel to the metro rail i don't know
what that means buses running on limited route buses are running on a sunday
schedule monorow county jgt bus from helms to the key west route
reserves uh today suspended until further notice the
brown county transit ports of mimie date everyways in Palm Beach open to date a
daytime vessel traffic mimie closed cargo traffic till tomorrow port
everyways is pending alligator alley toll suspended east and westbound
directions florida turnpike tolls reinstated today all high sea between exits
two forty two and three oh nine tolls remain suspended for turnpike exits one
to two forty two the poke parkway toll suspended
wonder if that's where a poke salad any hangs it out that's cute
saw grass expressway eight sixty nine tolls suspended north and southbound
sunshine skyway bridge toll suspended northbound mimie did expressway authority
all toll suspended cleaned the dolphin the non-show of the gratnese snapper creek expressways
the causeways in among beach restricted during curfew hours of eight p.m. to six a.m.
including the Venetian to do the totally 79 feet of McCarthy causeways we've prepared
to show i.d. the gosh stop always going to be stopping in there if you don't have i.d.
you don't have a reason to be there if you don't live there uh get lost and track
date monorow and brownwood stations closed today auto train resumes the southbound
service between lord and virginia and sanford oh that's going to lord and virginia all right
new york to mimey silver star and silver uh something northbound and southbound trains out of
rlando today and tomorrow they're running courts let's see closed today closed a
monday u.s. district court eleven to additional court 16 to the uh club the 16th
judicial court in Monroe counties open today for limited service post bill service delivery
resumes today most of daybrow in Monroe services may be unavailable or limited in some
locations power outages made delays sorting of your mail okay so you feel you know better about
mailing out your checks for your bills because it'll probably take a while every time you expect that
like they go through the bank the next day right all right oh yeah a lot more to come by the way
got the list and more list and you know stuff that has been well what am i going to do except they
pass along be good info okay any more info coming in on the phone no but why not i don't know come
on call us in and give us some good that was good stuff about that color bridging that was good
burger and gas right which i see the connection 12 14 nobody by the two in late no cia uh
playing game announcement today no indictments today little disappointing but tomorrow or friday
for sure whatever's going to be case a russera this is the most disgusting program i urge
everyone to complain to this station that's my opinion i might disney if you can't stand
if you will miss waila i'm afraid we'll have to kill you and we're going to fill you
taking out George Bush hates you so do i you go shavest you must die you are an infected
it all and besides we need your all die you go shavest done you go shavest
die you go shavest you dirty call me what okay only 2.7% of a broward home is the lost power
been restored as a lower 11 o'clock this morning says a florida power and loot in date 20 14.7%
of homes are back see that they're like kicking our ass date is kicking vowards but all they
didn't get it is bad system wide utility said nearly 20% of all the customers system wide
we'll ask power now have electricity 647,000 out of 3.24 million let's say well the rest is
the utilities tell the customers that half of the darkened homes will be restored within two weeks
95% within three weeks and the rest within four weeks okay so unless you're very unlucky well
that's a long time you know that is wow i get out of there i pack your family up and send
them to like a rhubba oh man we got family in north florida get the house and in the hills there
that we could be at but yeah some of us have to work anyway let's get back to this list of
stuff okay of dues let me give our phone number again not that we're putting you on the ear because
we got technical situations but Josh would be more than ecstatic to pass along some useful
information if you got it like restaurants gas stations drug stores wall green things like that
anything that's open yeah drug stores is good yeah five six seven oh five sixty five six seven
oh five sixty or pound five sixty and a Verizon singular wireless lines and Josh will take your
info and if he gives you a bunch of crap I mean well deserved I'm sure the problem is here because
he's doing well can you come anywhere you know i'm not gonna put up with that believe me no he's
not getting paid enough to put up with that kind of garbage where for it's for taking information
that is I mean if you want to know a phone number like femur something like that in fact i'll tell
you right now one eight hundred six two one femur one eight hundred six two one thirty three
sixty two see so about bugging with that so the postal service like I said resumes today in most
of date brown and Monroe won't be perfect but then again hey they're doing it man trash pick up
day county ongoing assessment once the county appraised the damage they be pick up will begin city
of Miami regular schedule garbage collection has resumed already moral gables trash pick up resume
yesterday but expect collection a day later than regular schedule pickup day recycling is
suspended till further notice north Miami regular garbage pickup bulk service not operating on schedule
well who cares broward unincorporated broward garbage recycling and bulk trash pickup have been
suspended it tally when trash pickup begins tomorrow George your mar regular trash pickup has
resumed it we were moved to the beginning of a matured near field beach regular pickup reschedule
today open park bulk trash pickup for the week about 24 been rescheduled a week of something in there
it's it's left off here on a well not now okay week of something hurricane did we picked up later
this week residential trash pickup in open park will begin tomorrow lighthouse point did we pick up
a started regular trash pickup on regular schedule crawl springs trash pickup is on tomorrow what do
people say that it on tomorrow I hate it I don't know do they say that yeah that's wrong I'll be
seeing you on tomorrow Monroe County limited garbage pickup begins today hospitals
adventure hospital and medical center the emergency room is open today clean on clinic procedures
are canceled today but the emergency room is open Jackson Memorial procedures canceled clinics
closed until further notice pregnant women are just to call Jackson maternity hotline at 305
and a 585 2229 585 2229 soft Miami and Mariners Hospital reopens today for all services
back to structures and homes to the hospital remain close today for outpatient elective procedures
okay public places I mean I could go on till midnight you know by as well and why not
micros who close until powers restored all they do have water and ice there for you that was on
the list right or did I dream that I forgot it was on the list the Miami Museum of contemporary art
coastal for the notice Miami sequerium coastal for the notice the parachungal island closed
north Miami pubic library coastal for the notice the dolphin mall partially opened at 10 o'clock
this morning the movie theater will be open the falls closed today so the dolphin wall the movies
we'll go over there and catch a flick and then I'll uh sure watch that Edward our mirror moving
yeah that's good they tell me and obviously they got generators near so they got some AC and probably
the snack bar will be open too right I would imagine a whole bunch of candy bars get your teeth all
right and out soda yeah get some some of the big gulps those big I'll have a look see one thing
if you go to any place now say I have a large soda they bring it to you like in a bathtub
residents of these communities are advised to boil drinking water Miami Beach
Dave County residents urged to limit water usage for personal hygiene and cooking a boil water
advisory is not an effect I didn't understand that well did you understand that nope say it again okay
I'm just reading what it says here in part of it is chopped off because the whole website
there's got problems uh Broward County these places all have a boil water in effect
coconut creek your field beach for waterdale Hollywood waterdale lakes water here lighthouse point
open park parkland pepper park plantation including uh something up to broadview park in the area
north of sunrise bullbar between 56th abins sunset strip west park miramar north of south west
25th abins south of southwest ten street tamarack wilton manners waterdale by the sea
unaccorporated area by Broward bullbar on the south and northeast 25th the way on the east
north west 15th court on the north and northwest 38th avenue on the other side whatever it is
what's the other something west yep parks do we care about the parks no no to report price
gouging here's the price gouging hotline 866 9 no scam or you can just write down a 9 no shmit
1 866 9 no scam should I give the auto insurance at the isn't a little premature for the
home or auto insurance claims to out I guess not I guess not I guess not well it's just three
a major company there state farm 1 800 7 3 252 46 1 800 7 3 252 46 all state for any
an insurance 1 800 5 4 7 86 76 1 800 5 4 7 86 76 and nationwide insurance oh no there's
all bunch of 1 800 4 2 1 45 35 1 800 4 2 1 45 35 USA a 1 800 5 3 1 82 22 5 3 1 8 2 2 2 2
keeps during a salary head that meant citizens property insurance 1 866 4 11 CPIC 4 11 CPIC see I see
first lady auto and home insurance 1 800 2 5 2 46 33 1 800 2 5 2 46 33 progressive auto insurance 1 800 7 7 6
47 37 7 7 6 47 37 for progressive mercury insurance group 1 800 9 8 7 6
thousand 9 8 7 6 thousand national flood insurance program 1 800 4 2 7 46
61 1 800 4 2 7 46 61 by the way claimants should have their policy number handy don't just call
to say I'm more she put a guy here and I got some problems have your policy number with you or
it's going to be you know hear that dial tone now here's a whole list of events Friday night
the fights at the South Florida for a Friday night's canceled will 7 PM Friday Friday
Friday 7 7 PM Friday will be on for a lot of the international boat show post-poned
will further notice they're going to have to like squeeze that down to a very small period of time
the United's nails Monday concert at the Bank of Atlantic Center post-poned new day TBA
Beach Boys concert post-poned to last week in December exact a TBA
Von Jovi oh George is just press phone out there leaning and weeping tickets to go on sale Saturday
at the Bank of Atlantic Center will hit the box office at 10 so tickets will go on sale Saturday
at the Bank of Atlantic Center the and here for a lot of your people the Domino's tournament
the Florida Foreign Trade Association Domino's tournament and definitely postpone the tournament
so that's some bad news for all the old green tooth crowd there anything else here
of any interest I mean to get uh no now pet clinic Robert County low cost pet vaccination
clinic postponed till November 19 on here's the one that we had yesterday I like so much
lost Arata Steve Aho I say that well very very I love that last Arata Steve Aho
racks below premiere post-poned somebody eight peanutty Tia for a tower how do you like that
thank you but it is okay so that's just somewhat going on and we'll oh geez my head is swimming
from this you know it's been a long time since Andrew thank goodness not long enough though
remember those days oh yeah of course in those days we had like Chuck Meyer we had the Jennifer
Rem we had a like a whole new team a news team like on a back in the day man when we was like a real
talk a new station as opposed to a sports news station I mean what does any of this crap got
into its volume this is Neil Rogers it's time to get it on
one hundred and one and seven this is marriage now we're still I guess that way you did
the thing that wasn't trash their phone was on now can he ever know
like
He loved the one that's gone.
He loved the go-for.
The marriage was bizarre.
You said...
1233 at QIM, the molemyster back at two, and then the mad dog at four, and then a bunch
of hurray-keens stuff, I guess, is appropriate.
All right.
Can I just go nuts here because I have a million things to read?
Go nuts.
There's a fourth in U.S. 1, 124th in U.S. 1, there's two open on 150 second in U.S. 1,
there's a Wendy's on 139th in U.S. 1, there's a Burger King on 132nd in U.S. 1, there's a Home
Depot on 136 in U.S. 1, the Aventuramal Food Court opened till 6th and they're covering
everything, supposedly.
So that's close enough.
What else?
We could get falafels.
We've been reading, there's a Home Depot in Kendall, and a guy called and said they have
nothing to stop reading that they have everything.
So if you want to cross it, then I ever say anybody has everything, when did I say that?
Food or excuse me, water and ice, that's what I'm talking about.
A Home Depot.
So they have nothing that's turning people away, so I got that.
There's in Pompo-no on Powerline, a lot of gas stations are open right by Pom-air,
which is Pompo-no Park area, right there on Cypress Creek and Powerline and McNabb and
Powerline.
There's a couple gas stations open.
That's all I got.
Well that's great.
And then they can go over to Pompo-no Park, get some ice and water and maybe a few snacks
or whatever they're handing out or some of them horse droppings, and then they can get
gas in the hood too.
I do have a read, Dad's column, which I probably should read.
It's called, Vic at the Heart of Darkness, about your vice president.
I did a little part.
I'll say most of this for tomorrow because we're not going to get the indictments today
anyway.
And your president, Paul Bush would lose an election if he held this year.
A majority would vote for a Democrat over Bush if an election were held this year, too
bad it's not.
The latest poll released yesterday, 55% of the respondents said they would vote for the
Democratic candidate, and this is just a generic, anybody.
Yeah, if dog red.
Why?
If it dog red.
Right, if tiny we're able to run.
And even in his present condition they might vote for him.
And only one in 10 Americans said they believed the Bush administration official did nothing
illegal or unethical and connection with leaking of Valerie Plame.
Only one in 10.
90% say something happened.
39% said some administration officials acted illegally in the matter, and the same percentage
39% said Bush administration officials acted unethically but not necessarily illegal.
So there you go.
Now Marine Dowd writes, Vic at the Heart of Darkness.
After W. was elected, he sometimes gave visitors a tour of the Love Alcove off the Oval Office
where Bill Tristan with Monica, the notorious spot where his predecessor had dishonored
the White House.
At least it was only a little pantry and little panting.
If W. wants to show people now where the White House has been dishonored and far more astounding
in deadly ways, he'll have to hold them around every nook and cranny of his vice president's
office, then go across the river for a walko shame through the Rummy Empire at the Pentagon.
The shocking thing about the trellis of Revelation showing Vic Cheney, the self-styled
Mr. Strong America, as the central figure in the dark conspiracies to juice up a case for
war and demonize those who try to tell the public the truth, is how unshocking it all
is.
It's exactly what we thought was going on, but we never thought we'd actually hear
the lower details.
Cheney and Rummy, the two old good compadreace in the Nixon and four days, and if Gabal
running the country and the world into the ground, driven by their poisonous obsession
with Iraq, while Juniress out of the loop playing in the gym on his mountain bike.
Mr. Cheney's been so well protected by his Praetorian guard all these years that has been
hard for the public to see his dastardly deeds and petty schemes, but now because of Patrick
Fitzgerald's investigation of candid talk from Brett Skorkoff and Lawrence Wilkerson,
he's been flushed out as the heart of darkness, also furious strands lead back to the man
W. Appley named Vice.
According to a Times story yesterday, Scooter Libby first learned about Joseph Wilson's
CIA, why from his boss, Mr. Cheney, not from reporters as he'd originally suggested,
and Mr. Cheney learned it from George Tendon according to Mr. Libby's notes.
The Bush Hawks presented themselves as protectors and exporters of American values, but they
were so feverish about protecting the alternate reality that they constructed the Link Sodom
and Al-Qaeda and fulfilling their idea of fixate about invading Iraq, they perverted American
values.
Whether or not it turns out to be illegal, outing a CIA agent undercover or not, simply
an underminer has been story as roversely sleazy.
This no-leake administration was perfectly willing to leak to hurt anybody who got in
its way.
Vice also pressed for a loophole so the CIA could do torture light on prisoners in U.S.
custody, which on McCain re-bucked his torturingists.
Senator McCain has responded as sponsor to mention to bar the cruel treatment of prisoners
because he knows this is not who we are.
Remember the days when the only torture was listening to politicians reciting the best
TV lines at dinner parties?
Colonel Wilkerson, the former Chief of Staff for Colin Powell, broke the code and denounced
vices vortex, calling his own involvement Mr. Powell's UN speech infected with bogus
chanien, scooter malarkey, the lowest point of his life.
He followed that with a blast of blunt talk in a speech in the op-ed piece in the LA Times,
saying that foreign policy had been hijacked by a secretive little lone cabal that hated
dissent.
He said the cabal was headed by Mr. Cheney, a vice president who speaks only to Russia
limbaugh of assembled military forces, and Donald Rumsfeld, the Secretary of Defense
presiding over the death by thousands of cuts of our overstretched armed forces.
I believe that the decisions of this cabal were sometimes made with a full and wedding
support of the president, and sometimes with something less Colonel Wilkerson wrote,
more often than not, the National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice was simply steamrolled
by this cabal, for Condoleezza.
Brent Scolcroft, Bush and senior close friend, let our asshriek this week to Jeffrey Goldberg
in the New Yorker, were reading his estrangedment from W and his old protege Condie.
He disdain Paul Wolfowitz as I know of Utopian and said he didn't know his old friend Dick
Cheney anymore.
Vices aligns with the Neocons who were determined to finish in a record Mr. Scolcroft and
Poppy had declared finished, let him believe the nation into a morass.
Troop deaths are now a 2000, a gruesome milestone.
The reason I part with the Neocons is that I don't think in any reasonable time frame
the objective of democratizing the Middle East can be successful, Scolcroft said, if
you can do it fine, but I don't think you can.
And in the process of trying to do it, you can make the Middle East a lot worse.
W should take the medal of freedom away from Mr. Tenon and give the medals to Colonel
Wilkerson and Mr. Scolcroft.
That's Marine Daz-Colk.
Now, here's only this step, you know, numbers as of 11.
In, let's see, we really care about some of these as knowing and Broward, 839,200 people
still are out with power, 23,600 restored.
Well, that's weak.
Well, I understand they had those substations blown out, right?
Let's make all the excuses we can for why are they so fragile.
In Palm Beach County, 600, 600, 700 people still without power, 56,800 restored.
And in Dade County, where they seem to be doing the best, not to go down elections in
Dade but boy, 815,500 were out and 141,000 were restored.
815,000 tolerance still out.
Out of the original 950s, almost a million originally indeed.
Ready for that?
I'm ready.
So that's the latest as of 11 o'clock this morning.
And now I got a list of 14 pages from the Assum Central.
And I'm a little bit lily about reading anything from them, although some of these all
peruse because for example, to show how much better a job the hell is doing and being
updated.
In the middle of this, it says US Postal Service in Broward, Dade Monroe has been curtailed.
Well, we know that's not true.
We know that the postal people are doing their thing.
I think a lot of this is still from yesterday.
They're just, you're lazy there to sunset and okay, get those damn jubbles together there
and get them put them in the meat grinder or something.
Get them going.
We don't have any power up here.
Yeah, too bad.
I'm going to give the bank a landing place open.
And we're not getting any listings of any other banks that are open, which is kind of
shocking to me.
And that's shocking.
It is because people need their cash, man.
They need that ATM to be open.
They want to go in there and get some cash so they do find gas, open or food or something
to survive on.
Maybe just maybe they might be able to pay for it.
This is Neil Rogers.
The price, Paulie.
Oh, he's a talent happy, that's me.
Oh, we got the money from his daddy.
Oh, and it's like that, my little friend.
What a whiteness, that's a crappy.
Who?
Well, he's a talent happy, that's me.
No, but they're ballet.
Well, he's a presidential star who doesn't have to run.
Someone else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
He has to go to school.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a talent happy, that's me.
He'll give our people rights to Wamy.
Whoa, I need to tell a happy, that's me.
Love of an L.A.
You're fair.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew.
With very bad disputes, who never pay his dues.
Wamy, here will all be screwed.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Any smart food with that race against Buddy would pay.
Why do you think they call it silver?
Victoria, anyway.
He's a talent happy, that's me.
Whoa, he'll make the KKK happy.
Whoa, that is a talent happy, that's me.
Love of an L.A.
Come on, let's do this.
Come on, let's go.
You know, you see, I'm on all these press conferences on air,
and reassuring everybody, and they're all prepared,
and FEMA's going to do a great job here.
And confidence is non-existent.
Not wrong, but just non-existent.
Okay, the following bank and Atlantic stores are now open.
They had county, DeRal 8705, Northwest 35th Lane, South Miami,
6202 South Fixie Highway, Flagler, 7900 West Flag Restreet,
Kendale Lakes, 8701 Southwest 137 Ave,
High Alia, 1455 West 49th Street,
Kendall, 114 00 North Kendall Drive,
one buscane Boulevard at two Southwest Skane Boulevard,
one buscane, Brickle at 1101 Brickle Avenue, and Broward,
a bank and Atlantic open at North Coral Springs, 4695 North University Drive,
South Pembroke at 1,1200 Pines Boulevard,
Jacque Randa, 1901 North Pine Island Road,
and Mainlands at 42 of the West Commercial Boulevard at the Mobile ATM van.
Didn't I have more than that?
I think.
Well, I got such a huge pile here.
I mean, I got those 14 pages in the Sun Central.
Some of which might be accurate, but I wouldn't count on it.
I got some new stuff as well.
Goody. Great, excellent.
Let's lay it on them.
The target at Dateland is open.
There's a little Asian cafe called La Pan Asian Cafe,
at Dateland Station, 8332 South Dixie Highway.
They're open till 7.
Excellent.
And the Metro deli.
Also, the E-orthy.
Are you heard?
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Oh, you got more?
I was just going to say right up the street from the station
of 441 Ives Derry, the stadium diners open.
What do we write up the street?
It's right across the street.
Yeah.
Right next to Chuck's, right next to Chuck's subcenter.
The stadium diner is open.
Man, did they bring you anything?
No.
Come on.
Well, I'm sure that somebody in there will go run across the street
and bring you guys something.
Come on, Lisa.
All the money I dropped in that place?
Yeah.
Lisa's the odorous.
Come on, Lisa.
Let's go over there at the stadium diner.
We got some starving people here working over hot microphones.
Man, slave it over hot telephone.
Let me tell you that.
Pilly burger, be nice.
Do it a tremendous pubic service here, pass along all this information.
In fact, I was just thinking, which is unusual for me,
I was just thinking, I wouldn't be surprised if like tomorrow.
I get a FedEx from down here from the Beasley's or you know,
probably underwater.
With a check for 100 granted, and for me to split up among those three.
Yeah, something I give about 50 to George and about 40 to George.
Fours that is.
Yeah.
No, I don't say that we ought to get like something extra for this.
Yeah, something.
A moment.
Well, of course with a tremendous help of the QA news department.
That's another reason that it's such a joke.
The tremendous QA news ability.
It doesn't have to do with a ballgame or somebody wearing a jog strap.
We know absolutely nothing about it.
Okay.
So the fact that we're able to do this just with the internet and our own whatever it's stupidity.
Okay, that's enough.
I'll bring a most back this afternoon.
A two.
They'll tell you about history of Wales and travel.
Okay, Mo.
Metro Delhi, 70 northeast seconds.
We just opened it downtown Miami.
You can call them a 3053713859.
Order ahead.
Oh, that sounds really good.
Whenever you're nice for some kishki right now.
Especially at the Saldaric Simpli.
I don't know what you do on Simpli's store, but there must be something.
I could go back to that website.
I've actually seen a really p-oat about this now.
This is really bad.
They have all the power out on Simpli's store.
I wonder if it affects your mazooza.
So the thing that didn't happen on Hanukkah maybe it might affect the way the dreidel spins.
Anyway, did the bank Atlantic, right?
Let me do that thing about Femma also.
Please.
Please.
Broward County has been approved for Femma assistance for both small business and individuals.
The number to call is 1-800-621-3362.
1-800-621-Femma.
People must save all receipts because Femma assistance is only for reimbursement.
It was announced that the Broward Emergency Operations Center this morning.
1-800-621-Femma.
621-3362.
Rumors that Miami-Dade has widespread water contamination is also fuel the mania for bottled water
as people perhaps unnecessarily are standing in line for hours.
Oh, the shame.
Not that people panic you understand, not that people start getting real nervous and overly as psychotic.
The only ones facing water problems in Dade County.
Residents of Miami Beach which has a boil water order and those rely on well water and lack the power to work the pumps.
If you live in Dade County, you're standing in line for water.
Go home.
Send a commissioner Carlos Hamanas, probably close to Hosey.
Open up the tap and recall you want.
He said, what's easy for him to say?
One man was that this is in Dade County.
By the way, please understand that except for residents of Miami Beach and those who have well water.
One man was so angry about the tainted water that he angrily confronted another commissioner outside his district office in West Dade.
He came at the yelling, I'm not going to give my son contaminated water.
Said Hosey, PP Dia, shaking his head in disbelief.
I told him, Sir, your water is fine.
Hold your water. Your water is fine.
Nice going, PP.
But delays in getting the distribution side seven running yesterday.
It was a frustration for local officials.
Dade Mayor had even hopped on a helicopter right in the evening through the homestead air reserve base.
The staging ground for FEMA supplies.
There were some kinks he said.
One of the problems, local officials announced the time sites to be open before the inverter actually arrived.
When his applied trucks were delayed leaving homestead, folks already have been in line for hours.
See this little premature evaluation.
Not a good idea.
Don't get people's hopes up and then force them to get their real early in the hemstand for extra hours.
Because then they get pissed off.
And then they remember that law that went into effect in Florida October 1.
They said, I'm being okay.
We're not going to put up with this crap no more.
We want our water.
We want our ice, et cetera, and so on.
All of these things. How do you like that?
All of these things.
Okay.
I'm in coherent from this.
Oh, it's great.
Do the hell of it.
I'm retunny of that bonus check.
They're going to send you.
Yeah. Wait till we get that big bonus check from the beastlies if they ever get out from underwater.
But to be honest with you, Joyce don't come up.
You know, well worth it.
The least they will do.
We'll pass on the bonus as long as Joyce don't come back.
Speaking of bonus, the least they should do is give us the full bonus instead of half for that summer book.
That's an excellent point.
A very good point.
Let's suspend that 50% bonus bull crap for the summer book.
Right.
Considering the tremendous life risking job we're doing.
Look at me for crying out loud.
I'm sitting here.
My high rise.
Especially some of us don't work less during the summer.
Putting my life on the line.
Are you going to hurt?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Putting my life on the line instead of punching a wood vine.
And that would be fine.
With money that was all mine.
Was.
At any rate.
And okay.
I already gave this.
Yeah. See, I got so much stuff here.
I don't know what I'm giving and not giving.
Now, here's this 75,000 pages from the Sun Central.
You see, I knew that reading on the air eventually would come in handy.
Something useful I might put on the air, huh?
All those people like McGillare.
How's McGill doing, by the way?
Is he around?
He showed up and then I think he took off again.
He's got the newborns so he has issues of his own.
Does he really?
Sounds like a pretty lame ass excuse to me.
And what the hell is Adam doing there?
Why is the sales department working?
What are they going to do?
Sell spots?
They're going to try.
You know, and this price rat for it, it's very disconcerting to me.
I'm glad we at least found the thing about popping a park having the water and ice.
But that was in the Sun Central where the Harold Summer.
It was not from inside the building, not from anybody giving us any information.
And maybe they don't have power over there to send the effects, right?
Right?
At least.
Our facts were because I'm sure that there's no racing over there tonight.
Because if you don't have any power, you don't have any lights.
And even though some of those guys over there probably would do a lot better in the dark,
I just don't think it's going to happen.
Well, anyway, here's what's on and what's not.
Some of these are ideas that I'm not going to waste my time with.
These are going to be like the eight-off and Rose Levis Jewish Community Center in Boca for Simhastura.
Forget about it.
National Walk for Hope to Care, Breast Cancer, Benefiting City.
Hope has been rescheduled for November 6th at these Sawgrass Mills.
Let's see, they got a few bank Atlantic branches, but not as many as I had.
I don't know.
The Sun Central is just not up on us.
Maybe because it's a brow or ting in their heavens and problems, okay?
Let's cut them some slack, not.
And some of these things that put on our stated October 26th, which is today,
but it's got like the town center in Boca because Tuesday.
Well, Tuesday was yesterday, you jackass, you idiot.
Yeah, how's that?
Look at this.
They got the date for today and they got brown schools to be closed to.
They date schools to be closed to.
I think I wasted 14 pages of fast paper.
How many maple trees did they have to cut down up here for this paper?
Too late, right?
If I you will be closed Tuesday and until further.
We don't care about Tuesday, okay?
This is old news, man.
This is sad.
And this is also the same bunch of nonsense where they got to think about the Postal Service has been curtailed.
Curtailed this.
I'm throwing this out.
I don't trust anything if they are putting news lists.
No, no, seriously, I'm throwing it out.
I don't want to read stuff that's either eight years old or incorrect.
Let's take some calls instead.
That's not.
We can't.
We can't do it.
And by the way, somebody ought to be looking in that situation right now.
I got something you can trust.
And yes, that our friends, how is our open?
Only for pick up.
Only for what?
Only for pick up.
No delivery.
That's 2430 South State Road 7.
Well, who's going to go get you your alleys?
We'll just have to pick some up on the way out.
And another bulletin that I thought was kind of cool on West 49th Street in Halea, a gas station of huge fight broke out with like 40-50 people.
The SWAT team had to go down there.
Oh, right, right.
I'm hoping to see that on the news.
That's your high-handed people, George.
Yeah, well, in Halea.
Well, maybe they were late for the cock fight.
Maybe that was it.
I have no word on whether they've been postponed or not.
I think they go on, Rainer Shrine.
Or, yes.
The street water in Halea, cock whites, white, Rainer Shrine.
Well, here's the thing about Simha Story that somebody faxed in.
Thank you so much.
I mean, I look at that on you.
Simha Story means rejoicing in the Torah.
This holiday marks the completion of the annual cycle of weekly Torah readings.
Marul Khatod, Naakak-sah-Halisah, Ida-ya mama.
Each week in Sinagah, we publicly read a few chapters from the Torah starting with Genesis chapter 1, the silliest one of all.
And working our way around to do the Rotami 34.
On Simha Story, we read the last Torah portion, and then proceed immediately to the first chapter in Genesis, reminding us that the Torah is a circle that never ends.
The completion of the readings is a time of great celebration.
There are a procession to run into God carrying Torah schools, and plenty of high-spirited singing and dancing.
Day-yo-yo-yo, I like that.
With the Torahs.
Don't drop the Torah by the way you'll burn in hell.
Drinking is also common during this time.
In fact, traditional source recommends performing the priestly blessing earlier than usual in the service to make this sure the Kohanim are not dropped with the tongue come.
Are the Kohanim like the Goyam?
As many people as possible are given honor of Aliya, reciting a blessing over the Torah reading.
In fact, even children are called for Aliya blessing on Simha Story.
In addition, as many people as possible are given the honor of carrying a Torah school in these possessions.
Children don't carry the scroll, they're much too heavy, they might drop it, and then they burn in hell.
But often follow the procession around the synagogue, sometimes carrying a small toy Torahs, stuffed plush toys or paper scrolls.
And that cute little toy.
A little toy one.
In some city-guys, conformation ceremonies or ceremonies market the beginning of a child, Jewish education and health of this time.
Oy!
Chimini, Atsuret and Simha Story of Holidays in which work is not permitted.
No sepia, Misa, a key. How do you like that?
So how do you Jews go home?
This is Mew Rogers.
Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon!
I'm dying out of here!
Don't, don't, don't!
If you read the book, you'll be the oldest man down the earth,
but you're all done and scared of that book.
Even our kids back work, we're Jews with all the Holy Pubbamites without the any of them.
There's information they don't want you to know.
So the fear factor keeps you under control.
Weak, such a fusions, what they're in and you.
We've all the Holy Pubbamites without the any of them.
Today, it's also true to Sharon Busser, in the very jail of Alasahoo.
That's not something you'll see under news with all the Holy Pubbamites without the any of them.
We are a nation of the global sheehy, let by a simple chimret artistry,
who is the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one
who can flourish homeless anda modulation song, THIS
apsisous
voice off
voice off
voice Fullerton
voice Dort kernels
Voice Off
voice Dr
6700 jog road unincorporated Del Rey South Florida fairgrounds 9617
Boulevard unincorporated West Palm and Belgrade fire station at 525
Southwest Second Street. Maybe they'll even let you slide up and down the
Grease Pole at that place, huh? Maybe if you're lucky. Supplies were on the way to
Roger Dean Stadium in Jupiter and now North County, what and I say, part of this
is chopped off again. I hate when that happens, don't you? These locations are
skeds that are open and moved by the early afternoon in Palm Beach, Palm Bay Park,
Pompey Park, P-O-M-P-E-Y, Pompey Park, 1101 Northwest Second Street Del Rey Beach,
Wells Recreation Complex 2409 West Avenue H in River Hero Beach, Gaines Park
1511 Australia and Avenue West Palm and the Bokeh Municipal Center 60
500 Congress Avenue North. Let's see, Palm Beach International is open, first
flights to the part of this morning. Mainland International open, Yadi-adi-adi-adi,
of course for La Verna, forget about it. Port of Palm Beach is open. St. Mary's
Hospital and Goods and Merna Hospital have running water.
It goes on. Well, that's it. I don't want to want to want to work in the
stuff that's like maybe it's this and maybe it's not in a way. We're not gonna
play that game. Are we? No. So how is this open and the stadium diners open? I'm
sure that you got like I'm listening all kinds of stuff that came across
already. Come on, Johnny. Come on Lisa. Send us a chili burger. Bacon cheese
burger. That would be good. I want 30, okay? These guys are gonna want to
Van Moose. Great. Hey, well, you think it's in some to go orders to take home.
No, it would be good. Now, where are you gonna get your gas on the way home
free? Oh, no. It's in a question. I'm gonna be driving around till I run out of
gas. Apparently. Well, but all these gas things that we got called in today,
you ought to be a piece of cake. Yeah. Cake. Look at the
t-shirt. And the line shouldn't be longer than from all the way to what the
teller has. It's pretty money. They just showed on the TV some crazy person being
turned away because he showed up at the gas line with a with a jug, an empty
jug of tide and an old paint bucket. And obviously they're not gonna let you
put gas in those things. And there's crazy old crackers like you know walking
off person and screaming. Oh, we had a bunch of crazy old crackers too,
huh? Yeah. So what a combo. Have a gas canister. Yeah, that's probably a
pretty good idea. Of course, if you don't have a gas canister,
Georgia, lo and you hear that. Yeah, I've got oil. I haven't put it in
anyway. Right? Right. Now, is there any of the stuff that we want to repeat?
Because I got I got my other regular stuff. I don't want to go through this
whole thing about the city by city damage. I did it yesterday. What's the
point? Look around. Look around and you'll see I like that article you read.
You should read some more that even though you did. What art is like that? Yeah.
You got more like that. I'm sure. Oh, you are so bad. The instigator man. The
edge is here. Bad. No, I just want to make sure I get all this info on here.
And I know that you know, not everybody was tuned right in their
10 o'clock this morning whenever the Humper and I finished our crossover. And
you keep it list of those gas stations. Yeah. Let's give those again.
Because we got the new ones there at color Ridge is good. And the burger can
the Wendy's. Oh, man. Broward Boulevard between Pine Island and University.
That's a Jack Randa Plaza there. Sit. Go get Jack Randa. What's your call
it's open to? Pete's in 441 in Riverside, wherever the hell that is, like up in
West Palm or somewhere like that. It's a no go on sample in Riverside. BP, West
of the Palmejo in 58, which I don't understand that. That's what it says here.
BP and Sonoco on Sterling and Palm. BP on 120th and Coral Way. A sit go on
37th Avenue on the Palmejo at BP in Hollywood on Harding Street. Old Griffin in
US one BP and then what Josh just read there. 144th in US one. 124th in US one.
And 150 second in US one. I assume those are dead county addresses. Yeah. And
that's the US one is in Dave County last time I checked. Well, I mean, it's all
over the place, but those street numbers would be in Dave County. Yeah.
Yeah. Federal Highway is a brown. Also, I got some new stuff also. Papa
Johns in Cooper City, Sheridan. Oh, and on Flamingo are open. I just pick up
only obviously. And there's a place called the Chicken Grill on 258th Street.
That is serving. That's all I got. No, Ken is good though. More more. Oh, I don't
ran out of food and water, but five trucks just showed up with it. By the way, why do I keep
saying that water a nice five truck? You keep telling the food in there. I don't know.
I'm a little bit. Can you tell I'm hungry? Okay. You're down for the food. And I think
that how is would have sent somebody down there? I really would be aware they're like,
practically part of our business. They're like in bed with us. So to speak family. Yeah.
Or at least the stadium down. It's right across the street for crying out loud. Oh, well,
one time I had that almond from there was very good. But I had those egg parts all day.
I mean, yeah, what happened? Oh, Lisa can bring it over personal. She's hot. Come on, Lisa.
Get with it. Bring some for these guys to a munch on and some food. Here's Lauren. Just
a shut up from the LA Times. You know, Lauren's workers and I had that early yesterday,
but this is a follow up. Okay. And again, I'm not sending a whole bunch of stories to you
for the website, which I know breaks your heart. But it's just there's no point to it because
there's nobody. It's got any power. And I've alluded myself into believing that all these
people around the rest of the world are looking at our website, reading the stories. They
maybe going on our website and obviously they are. But I don't know what they're doing
on it. I don't know what the deal is. I agree. We should be on strike with those stories.
Yeah, we're going to start striking with the stories until you people start reading them.
I like that. And that, of course, when you get your power back, we do have 743 votes on
the poll. I bet you would get to 1000 by the end of the week. Maybe who or what you fear
the most George W. Bush pockets of the people. Yeah, that's what he's picking. He's
picking the pockets of the people and his nose George W. Bush, 192. They fear religious
nuts 186 loss of freedom. 63 all those three tied together very tightly. South Florida
drivers 38, big chaining 36 old age 34, black folks 28 terrorist 27 job loss 25, Hurricanes
21 STD's 15. Of course, the people are further hurricanes. Most they have no power.
Burn flew of 15, Gays 14, World War 13, Cox 12, tornado is 8, criminal 7, flying 6,
and Joel Feinberg's got three. He only wishes he had a three. They never cracked a two
five in any hour in the hour by hour in this last summer book. Never cracked it. In fact,
I think what was the biggest number two four two two two two two two two two two two two.
And that was Daniel Basterd, probably some of his people, you know, and Stugas. A punishing
pummeling. You think that you got pummeled by the hurricane? 790, the ticket took a pummeling
like he wouldn't believe in it. The summer book, Humper did well. The mole master made
nice come back here. The new and improved mole. That big ball spot. Mad dog is usual fine
job. And of course, we kicked ass. We mostly George. They're a seven point. Oh, sure. I
don't like that. I should have played that all day today. Not that we want to sound selfish
because who, you know, people are trying to get their lives back together again. Get
a little bit of gas. Get some power. Get some food. Get the water. We're number one,
Jimmy. But hey, we'll still take it. Or it's B. Wilkerson of the and the LA Times rights.
The White House cabal. He served as chief of staff to call and roll and call and call.
In president Bush's first term, some of the most important decisions about US national
security, including vital decisions about post war rack were made by a secretive little
alone cabal made up of a very small group of people led by Dick Cheney and Don Rumsfeld.
When I first discussed this group in a speech last week at the New American Foundation
in Washington, my comments caused a significant stir because I have been chief of staff to
the ensecretary state, Colin Powell, between 2002 and five. But it's absolutely true.
I believe the decisions of this cabal were sometimes made with a full and winning support
of the president and sometime with something less. More often than not, their national
security adviser, Condoleezza, Rice, was simply steamrolled by this cabal. Its insular
and secret workings were efficient and swift, not unlike the decision-making one would
associate more with a dictatorship than a democracy. This furtive process was camouflaged
neatly by the dysfunction and inefficiency of the formal decision-making process, where
decisions, if they were reached at all, had to win their way through the bureaucracy
with its dissenters, obstructionists, and guardians of the turf. But the secret process
was ultimately a failure. It produced a series of disastrous decisions that virtually
ensured that the agency charged with implementing them would not or could not execute them well.
I watched these dual decision-making processes operate for four years at the State Department.
As Chief of Staff for 27 months, I had a door adjoining the Secretary of State's Office.
I read virtually every document he read. I read the intelligence briefings and spoke
daily with people from all across government. I knew that what I was observing was not what
Congress intended when it passed the 1947 National Security Act. The law created the
National Security Council consisting of the President, Vice President, and the Secretary
of the State and Defense, to make sure the nation's vital national security decisions
were thoroughly vetted. The NSE has often been expanded, depending on the President
and Office, to include the CIA director, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the
Treasury Secretary and others, and is accumulative staff at sometimes more than 100 people.
But many of the most crucial decisions from 2001 to 5 were not made within the traditional
NSE process. Scholars in knowledgeable critics of the U.S. decision-making process may rightly
say so what? Have all of our presidents and last-tats sentry failed to conform to the
usual process at one time or another? Isn't the President's prerogative to make decisions
with whomever he pleases? Moreover, can he not ignore whomever he pleases? Why should
we care that President Bush gave over much of the critical decision-making to his Vice
President and the Secretary of Defense? Both as a former academic and as the person
has been in the ring with the bull, I believe that there are two reasons we should care.
First, such departures from the process have been passed on us into a host of disasters,
including the last years of Vietnam War, the National Embracement of Watergate, the Iran
Congress scandal, and the now-ruledness policy of George W. Bush. But a second and
a far more important reason is that the nature of both governance and crisis has changed
in modern age. From managing the environment to securing sufficient energy resources,
from dealing with trafficking and human beings to performing peacekeeping missions abroad,
governing is vastly more complicated than ever before in human history. Further, the crises
the West Government confronts today are so multifaceted, so complex, so fast-breaking,
and almost always with such incredible potential for regional and global ripple effects that
the two departures from the systemic decision-making process laid out in the 47th statute invites
disaster, discounting the professional experience available within the Federal bureaucracy and
ignoring internally the inevitable would often first ring the Senate offender arises
therein, makes for quick and painless decisions. But when government agencies are confronted
with a decision in which they didn't participate, in which they frequently disagree their
implementation of those decisions is fractured, uncoordinated, and inefficient. This is particularly
the case if bureaucracies called upon to execute the decisions are in strong competition
when with one another we're scarce money, talented people, turf, or power. It takes firm
leadership to preside over the bureaucracy, but it also takes a willingness to listen
to dissenting opinions. It requires leaders who can analyze, synthesize, ponder and
decide. The administration's performance during its first four years would have been
even worse without Powell's damage control, at least once a week it seemed Powell
tripped over the Oval Office and cleaned the dog poop off the carpet. He held a youthful
experienced president's hand. He told him everything would be alright because he is the
secretary of state he would fix it. And he did. Everything from a serious crisis with
China when the U.S. reconnaissance aircraft was struck by a Chinese F8 fighter jet in April
2001, to the secretary's constant reassurances to European leaders following the bitter breach
in relations over the Iraqi war. It wasn't enough of course but it helped. Today we have
a president who's approval rating is 38% and vice president who speaks only to Russia
limbo on a similar military forces. We have a secretary of defense presenting over the
death by a thousand cuts of our overstretched armed forces. No surprise to ignore the
center such as former army chief of staff, General Erichsen Sekki or former army secretary
Thomas White. It's a disaster. Given the choice, I choose a frustrating bureaucracy over
an efficient cabal every time. It's an disaster, as we said. You realize we have not
milled a new refineries since the early 1970s.
I'll be done. One 15 at 560 W. Q.M.
I'm a five day five. Talk about your death wrong presidents.
You ain't kidding. Goodbye George. You gotta go me oh my oh. You gotta go home because
what's up bad on the bio. With you sure flew quick when it came to six,
carry shallow. Son of a bush is a foot in your
tush now say goodbye oh. That's how George it wild people growl. You played a
round of relaxing golf. He was on vacation. I already
used to know your couple of keys. That's evident. Oh, oops. And no one can't do
even prepare for the worst scenario. You're the one busy having fun and that's
no no. You'll investigate at a later date. That's real bullshit. I'll think it's
a way to once that. Don't you get locked up so it don't contain you. But no one will
get blamed like with agent playing no hands will roll. And as for this,
if you slap on the wrist and no charges file, what a surprise. Is your a liar?
No one gets fired with each new mess. Oh, nobody a new death call slip in the
polls. That's no problem. Oh, you'll fix it. Your spin machine will deal with
you. Well, you know, you will lose because that's their job. Oh, as per usual.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush. You're an asshole. Welcome. We just don't understand
you got blood on your hands, but what no blame on a problem. You made it obvious that
these two most of us you have no shame. Oh, shame. What's that? What's with that
shirt? You stupid jerk when people have died. Oh, son of a piece you should be
impeached and we mean from town to a hall of favor and get the hell out here.
Yeah, yes. That gives you affordable coverage for major illnesses. Good. It's
so twenty after one at five sixty WQM Christian DVD Sparks riot. See this story? No,
let's hear all about it. Alexandria, Egypt, that good old Tom Rolison, baby,
this root of all hatred in the evil in the world. But happy some pastora. One person died
a more than ninety were injured. There's thousands of Muslims right outside a
cop the Christian church Friday season. This is a little ancient because we haven't
got time to get around with because of this hurricane to denounce or play Dean
defensive to Islam. Police responded by being the protesters and firing tear gas in
the crowd. Police said fifty to be protesters were arrested as people hurled stone smashed
when those in private storm St George Church protesters also set a police car on
fire and wrecked eight other cars the entire ministry would be saying in a statement.
A photographer of the Associated Press saw police fire rubber bullets into the crowd causing
injuries. Police claimed officers fired rubber bullets only in the year while trying to
disperse the crowd while they lie a lot. One protestor died after being trampled in the
inhaling tear gas. The minister described the protesters as fanatic elements who escalated
a negative reaction to a play. The ministry said about five thousand Muslims marched to the
church after Friday noon prayers and mosques. How do you like that? The riot was sparked by
the distribution of a DVD of a play that was performed as a church two years ago. The
play I was blind but now I can see tells the story of a young Christian who converts
to Islam and becomes disillusioned. Uh oh I see. How do you like that? The church is
directed the Reverend Augustinius said it was difficult to explain the reaction to a
one-time performance that took place two years ago. There are so many questions on
what is behind all that he told the AP in a telephone interview. He denied the play was
offensive to Islam because its Christian hero is ultimately saved by a Muslim friend.
All the above miceys all the time. I don't know like that. Here's a good story to get a little
chuckle on you. All right. I got a choice. I got a question. It's a sick cut since we are sick.
Ontario, California. A man was arrested after neighbors reported seeing him as
sexually assaulting his family's 10-year-old female rot-wiler police said.
Ubaldo, Vasquez, Huizar, 39 was arrested for investigation on two counts of sexual assault
on an animal according to a statement from Ontario police detective David McBride.
How old was the dog? Ten. Well that's the only thing that could do with it.
Is that it? How many are you pregnant? Is that old enough in human years? 70.
Dog year is seven years. Well then. 70-year-old female detectives learned
of the ads crimes after going to Huizar's home and identifying him. He was
regretted register as a sex offender of the statement. He had been convicted.
Lices and we're exposing himself to 11-year-old girl. So he's not choosy.
Ten-year-old dog 11-year-old girl. He was also wanted on an outstanding $10,000 drug
warrant. Obviously an upstanding citizen of Ontario, California. While at the
home police, they learned that Huizar was living on a large...
Oh no! He was living in a large dog house in the backyard.
Neighbors reported the offense of naked in the dog house with a family dog of
Mayra, the statement, said they saw who is sexually assaulting an animal with a
family when he was in the dog house. Neighbors also reported saying Huizar and his
backyard dressed in women's bra and panties dancing with a broom handle.
Well that kind of stuff goes out in the sweet water every day. Huizar was
booked at the West Valley Detention Center, currently San Bernardino County Sheriff's
website. The Inland Valley Humane Society took Mayra into protective
custody. The family might not get the dog back if he's convicted of sexually
assaulting it. Might not. Studies have shown a link between abusive animals
and abusive humans. How do you like that? A large percentage of sexual
abusers started out abusing animals. That's something? Oh yeah, I knew that.
Did you know that? Documentaries about, you know, like Jeffrey Dahmer and all
these people. I see. He was one. Or do you have animals like chopped up in the
freezer and eat? Yeah, well he would torture them. I don't know if he kept them on
ice. Bastard. Well, he got his, anyway, Jeffrey Dahmer. We'll see him no more.
Now if we got anything new coming in or what? The only thing I got is a shell
station on Andrews and Oakland. It's open. Okay. Well don't say the only thing you've
got. That's important crap. Andrews and Oakland, that's where that hot dog place
used to be. I can never think of the name of it. It began with an R.
Uh, David. What I'm talking about. Did it begin with an R? Yeah. Andrews and Oakland
ran in the corner there. But it's gone. It's moved. There's something out of it.
I've just got a brain fart about that. That was a good place. It was a sponsor about 100
years ago. Back when we had those. What are those? I don't know. Hey, our sales
department's working diligently. We get any update on Pompo-no Park from Troy yet? No.
He just, uh, I don't know what he's doing. He's probably over at Square Ants House hanging it out.
I just don't get it. I mean, I realized that these people don't have an awful lot they can do
with an error, but just just like screw off and disappear. Now, a deaf is on vacation,
which of course, uh, what can we say about that? You ferry. Good time. He's thinking what I'd say.
We didn't think that with these emergency situations going on here would like postpone
the vacation. When you think that? I sure so. I wouldn't. I think it's a great idea.
I think I'll go getting out of town. All you people that have lived that have survived
through this. Obviously, if you're listening, you must be still alive or very close to it.
Uh, this should be a good lesson to you. Okay? This bull crap about paradise with all
to respect to my close personal friend is returning it to now paradise my ass.
Just not buying it. By the way, was that place reno's? That said, very good. Who? Somebody
called you with that? Yes, somebody called me. It's not there anymore. I know that. That's why I said,
thank you very much. Reno's out. Not Janet. You need something to hit good shakes, but not the kind
that you like to have in your body. But they had the greatest hot dogs and, um, what else they had?
Their burgers and all kind of good stuff. Reno's great onion rings right in the corner of, um,
Andrews and Oakland. Then that neighborhood started changing quite a bit. You know what I mean?
No, I don't know what you mean. I don't know. Okay. Anyway, 26 after one, we got the
molemyster with two. We's back from all kinds of places and we got mad dog in the house.
Hurricane hotline at seven in the studio because I naturally they can't go to a restaurant that's like
a tourist world series game number four at nine o'clock. Follow by the head cap and show probably
in a wee hours or the morning. This is Neil Rogers.
Want a lot of hot little boy? Grab hold of your Yamakas and get ready for a Broadway show.
You won't want to pass over. It's Pidler Under Roof as you've never heard it before.
Starring Rogel Dino. If I were a thin girl, you're a little, little, little, little, little dumb.
Alan, what I've said yet to me if I were a dress size three.
And Harvey's by his team. That's make a match, make a make me a match.
I like to pitch so he better catch. Holy, go help if his, Rogel and Harvey, even singer Pidler
under roofed the well already.
Sunlight sunset, sunlight sunset, one way from here.
Even though our career haven't ended, here is one shot that still pays.
Fire, it's so transgendered, almost visioned, kosher, helpless, rosy, old, and Harvey by his team in Pidler Under Roof.
There you go, in honor of SimCustoros, I'm a little special for you. It's one thirty one at QAM.
I'm looking for updates on a four-letter or port, can't find nothing.
And you know, the last two days we haven't put on our partners, their channel six, not even for one moment during the show.
Are they not giving us any useful crap?
I don't know if they're giving us anything over the phone, but we can't pick them up without the cable on the TV's here in the building.
I see.
To put their audio on as we could.
Well, what about the channel seven?
I just have a panel set right there.
Because the gebtusion doesn't make my day, but it's not quite the way it is.
He has been these stations, the fences in many places because of the wind.
He's not saying anything by the way.
Who is that? That was Jeb.
Oh, that was your fat ice gun.
Our couldn't get it right.
He's a mumbling. He was mumbling.
You can just call him man. He's a loser and he's people in Florida just there.
I don't know what it is, but those people are continuing to be invited by his BS.
I don't know what the deal is.
Maybe Noel is supplying them with blow or something.
I don't know what the deal is all about.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We could use anything.
Yeah.
It blows. Don't panic about bird flu stay top officials.
Oh, my God.
And that's the thing now. Worldwide.
That's just US, but it's like getting everybody into a total panic.
People shouldn't panic about a possible influenza pandemic despite the steady spread of a deadly
strain of avion flu among humans leading health officials and politicians said yesterday.
You follow that?
I got it.
More than 60 people in Southeast Asia got a bird flu in the avion.
A prank has made its way to Europe.
Experts say the world is overdue for flu pandemic and predict the most likely cause will be
an animal strain which mutates.
They're straining it.
Despite increasing public nervous, Margaret Chan, assistant director general of the WHO,
said the general population should remember it's relatively hard to catch bird flu.
We're not in a pandemic yet.
I don't want the community to have unnecessary anxiety.
She told Reuters an interview.
Chan and Canadian officials said the public should understand there are clear differences between avion flu, seasonal flu,
and a pandemic which could kill tens of millions.
We're taking very drastic actions to reduce the risk of avion influenza.
Animals and birds said Chan was an auto-wedded, would-restormatory national conference yesterday on combining future pandemics.
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin told delegates that the global fight against the flu pandemic could be undermined if government
still had to prevent mass panic in the event of widespread fatalities.
Speaking of Paul Martin, by the way, the Canadian government is pondering suing the gun manufacturers in the US because of the recent epidemic
or gun shoot and crimes here in Ontario.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Good luck.
They're starting to butcher up now.
They're not putting up with any more of this crap.
It's not just the software lumber thing.
Now they're starting to like get really pissed off like Cratch Anemones with Bush.
Among the most profound challenges we face is communication with our own citizens.
Public fear and bad information all could easily snowball into panic more instead.
Last thing we need is people panic for this.
Okay.
It would complicate our collective response to a pandemic immeasurably magnifies potential impact.
Our best antidote will be clear, honest, and consistent assessment of the risk we face.
The ability to swiftly gather information to speak with one voice in frank and constructive terms early and continuously in English or French, you said.
He's a frog, by the way, do you know that?
I do, though.
I wonder if he's getting a Jacques Martin, of course, of the Panthers.
Panthers want my style for the three and overtime in Pittsburgh who still have a one-a-game.
And Panthers in Saturday has been postponed at the Macarena.
Thousands of attack in poultry farmers demonstrated in northeastern cities on Tuesday demanding action against directional fear over bird flu, which has put national consumption of chicken by more than half.
David Butler Jones, Canada's public health officer, said AV-On-Floor, had shown no signs yet of turning into a human virus and warrant against stockpiling anti-viral drugs like Tama flu.
Once we do see a general pandemic, which we have not, we don't know for sure to what extent a viral who will be affected be told in his conference, a pandemic of influence that could be in one year, it could be in 20 years.
Martin said a pandemic would require unprecedented coordination and cooperation among countries, our planning and preparation for a pandemic will inarguably help to put us in a better position to respond to other emerging diseases, to natural disasters, and the threats of bioterrorism, who may face in the future, we said.
A vaccine against future flu pandemic won't be available until scientists identify these at strain.
The Mexican health minister, Julio Frank, said the best way to ensure sufficient vaccines in a pandemic was to transfer the necessary technology, not an nation like Mexico, India, China and Brazil.
Oh boy, that Southeast Asian, that whole deal over there, man.
I think they're eating a little bit too much raw dog these days.
And I'd call you in, Ontario, California is not going to be too happy about that.
Maybe he's taking away his buddies.
Okay, and before I do any more of these, because you're pushing me on this crap.
What else do we want to repeat here since you're trying to be a little bit useful?
I don't know, but a pass up in the heat.
Really? Well, we got the way he is.
I didn't know they were playing today.
I'm looking for updates and updates.
I got nothing, absolutely nothing more about the four-large of Hollywood airport.
Miami Airport is open, not a full schedule, but I'm not.
They must begin back to a fairly normal classroom anticipated.
A guy called in and said, I don't know if this is true, but a guy called in said that the four-large of the airport will be open tomorrow.
The reason it's not open today is because nobody can pick up the people.
Like there's no gas for the cabs, buses and all that stuff.
I don't know if they want to pick up the people.
Yeah, I mean, you know, if there were people there, how the hell they're going to get out of there?
What does that mean?
Meaning, cabs, buses need gas.
No word to get that.
Hello? Hello?
Yeah. You don't hear this?
Hello?
What just happened here?
Uh-oh.
Hey, Josh, go on the...
How long will it call somebody?
Oh, boy.
What's going to be faster?
How about I just go to a break?
I'm going to find kettle of fish because I'm not hearing nothing from down there.
I haven't got the fongiest idea.
I'd go to a break.
You can go to the wall, fire.
No.
Getting it in my hair.
Cheat W-Fullage.
How many drugs did you take?
Cheat W-Fullage.
They must have a perfect meal for a break.
You get your complex dress curation because your daddy of fish is a good child.
Cheat W-Fullage.
Here's another million from the NRA.
You want to meet the president.
The leader of the band.
The leader of the universe.
You're raising power.
You've got enough credit to make it.
You have the country for a point of play.
Cheat W-Fullage.
I'm going to get my mask for today.
Chew up, chew up, chew up.
Get the money, chew up, chew up.
Some of us have a pain.
Mark's have a good movie day.
We support the world with both the movies and the web.
Cheat W-Fullage.
Pack up the books and penny.
He's careful you fool, he might as well move right into the A.
The old fool office is waiting, there's just for locals here to read the right.
So go ahead and run, you'll run.
When you hear a sense of tension, open your door, how many crowds did you say?
Keep going, you're going to win.
Okay, well, the other reasons I'm still here, the bad news is I can't hear a damn thing.
I'm just shutting you off to it. I'm just cutting this thing down.
I don't want to waste my battery on hearing your stuff.
At any rate, 14 go to and just in the middle of a sentence there, Josh disappeared and that was it.
That was the end of the auto.
Can you hear me?
It's obviously somebody in the middle of the hear us.
They're dealing over there on the end of the situation, on the phone lines, which wouldn't be surprised.
It's a miracle that we've been on it all.
Hey Neil, and of course clearance went, but a beep, but a boop, but I like that.
Well, our engineering people are busy working out of the things.
Right, I'm sure they are.
I can imagine what's, hello, I kept some of the stuff that I've got and then I'm going to get out of here.
Right, Neil wears take underwear.
Now we got Mo coming up at two o'clock, mad dog at four, hurricane hotline in the studio at seven because
I was everything else that screwed up outside.
World Series game four at nine o'clock in the end at Kaplan after the World Series probably ends tonight.
Unfortunately.
Anyway, Brad County has been approved for FEMA assistance for both small businesses and individuals.
The number to call is 1-800-621-3362.
1-800-621-FEMA.
Now you've got to save all your receipts because FEMA assistance is only for reimbursement.
It was announced that the Broward Emergency Operations Center this morning.
FFNL says they hope to have power restored by seven years from Sookas.
It's not looking really great.
They were in Georgia Broward by November the 8th.
Today is October 26th.
That's five.
That's 13 days.
Just shy at two weeks.
A majority of Broward by November 8th.
And everyone in the county will be back online by November 15th.
Lynn Shadows of FFNL says 10,913 people are working on restoration from mid-Saint Lucie County South into Miami-Dade.
And I could give the ice and water stuff again, but I'm not going to.
And I think what you want to do is take like the last couple of minutes.
Not that I can hear you.
Right.
But you can take the last couple of minutes and go back with the gas stations and the food again because we've got the decorate of pizzas open and highways and the stadium diner.
And a couple of fast food joints of Burger King and Wendy's in South Day.
Get ready, Josh.
You got the right.
I can recap that at the end.
I'll take the brick a little bit early and then bail out of here because I can't hear you at all.
Yeah, get out of here.
Anyway, here's one more column.
Frank Rich wrote in there and it's again from Sunday.
Do any of these because we haven't had other fish to fry or else not been on the year.
Right.
Both would be really good right now.
Frank Rich in New York Times on Sunday.
Carl and Scooters excellent adventure.
He says there were no.
All right.
Because I'm saying I'll cut it 9-11.
There was scant pentagon planning for securing the peace should bad stuff happen after Merck invaded.
Why exactly did we go to Warner Rack?
It still isn't possible to be sure.
And this remains the most remarkable thing about the Rack War.
Right.
New Yorker journalist George Packard, a missing-chanted liberal supporter of the invasion in his essential new book, The Assassin's Gate, America in Iraq.
Even a former Bush administration state department official was president of the worst creation Richard Haas tells Mr. Packard that he's supposed to go to his grave not knowing the answer.
Maybe with the leak investigation out reaching its climax in Washington continues to offer big clues.
We don't know yet whether Scooter Levere Carl Rover committed a crime.
The more we learn about their desperate efforts to take down a bit player like Joseph Wilson, the more we learn about the real secret they wanted to protect the why of the war.
To piece that story together, you have to follow each man's history before the invasion of Iraq.
Before anyone ever heard of Valerie Plain Wilson, let alone leak to identity as the CIA officer.
It's not an accident that Mr. Louise and Mr. Roe very difficult trajectories.
One of Washington policy intellectuals, the other of Texas political operative, would collide before Packard Fitzgerald's grand jury.
They're very different men who play different White House rules, but they're bound together now by the short and shared past that the Wilson affair was exposed.
In Mr. Roe's case, let's go back to January 2002 by then the post-911 war in Afghanistan had succeeded in submission to overthrow the Taliban and done so with minimal American casualties.
In a capitalist speech to the Republican National Committee, Mr. Roe for the first time openly advanced the idea that the war on terror would de-path the victory for that November's midterm elections.
Candidates can go to the country on the issue we said because voters trusted Republican Party to a better job of protecting and strengthening America's military might and thereby protecting America.
It was an early taste of the rhetoric that would be used habitually to smear any war critics as unpaid patriotic.
But there were unspoken impediments to Mr. Roe's plan that he certainly knew about.
Afghanistan was slipping off the radar screen of American President's most grandiose objective to capture Osama bin Laden dead or alive hadn't been achieved.
How do you run on a war if the war looks as if it's shifting into neutral and the number one evil to where it's escaped?
Hardly, Mr. Roe given his speech and full-started a register of the first erosion of the initial near-universal endorsement of the administration of response to 911, a survey in March 2002 found that while 910 Americans still back the war on terror at the 6-month anniversary of the attacks, support were an expanded long term war had fallen to 52%.
Then came a rapid barrage of unhelpful news for a political campaign founded on supposed Republican superiority and protecting America.
The first report that the Bush administration had lost bin Laden's trail in Torah Board December 2001 by not committing ground proofs to hunt him down.
The first indication that it tells its about bin Laden's desire to hijack airplanes, barely caught in prison in Bush's obvious 2001 Crawford vacation.
The public accusations by an FBI whistleblower, Colleen Rowley, that higher-ups had repeatedly shackled Minneapolis agents investigating the so-called 20th hijackers, Zacharias Musawi, and the days before 911.
These revelations took their toll by Memorial Day 2002, a USA Todayful found that just four out of the U.S. was winning the war on terror, a steep drop from the roughly two-thirds holding that conviction in January.
Mr. Roe could see that an untaughting largely underground war against terrorists might not nail elections, but to ease the urge of a jolt of shock and awe, it was a permission of a proponent of the dog.
Enter a school to stage right, as James Vandy tells his definitive group of cryptic writers of the Vulcans, Mr. Lovie had been joined with the HIPAA with the Chanyan Fulwell for instance their service in the defense department of Bush 41, where they conceived the Neocon manifesto for the build-up exercise of unilateral American military power after the Cold War.
Before Bush 43 took off, as they became fixated on Iraq, though for reasons having much to do with their ideas about relining the states in the Middle East and little or nothing to do with the stateless terrorism, Belkaita.
Mr. Belkaita sustained such intervention as one running against El Gore, but he embraced the cause once in office.
While others might have had ideas, American military commanders testified before Congress about the groups and equipment of March 2003, the path was clear for war in Iraq to serve as the political viagra that Mr. Roe needed for the election year.
But here too was an impediment. There had to be a wife of that invasion. The very wife of that today can seem so elusive that Mr. Belkaita calls Iraq the rashamon of wars.
Abstract and having debatable Neocon notions of marching to Baghdad to make the Middle East safer democracy and make more secure for Israel would never fly with American voters as a trigger for war or convince them that such a war was relevant to the fight against those who attacked us in the United States.
Americans, the most out of them was a despot mass murderer. That, itself, was also insufficient to ignite a popular grounds law for regime change.
Paul's in the summer would, instead, be put in a condo if we went in alone. For Roe and Bush to get what they wanted most slammed up midterm election victories and for Mr. Olivia and Mr. Tain to get what they wanted most of war in Iraq for reasons predating 9-11, they're real wise they're going to war for going to war, had to be replaced by fictional more salable ones.
We wouldn't be invading Iraq to further Roe and domestic policies or Neocon ideology. We'd be doing so instead because there was a direct connection between Sodom and Al-Qaeda. And because Sodom was on the verge of attacking America with nuclear weapons.
The fact that intelligence had to be fixed to create these wise any country to be relevant said to be dismissed or suppressed.
Mr. Libby and Cheney were in the void room of the disinformation factory. The vice president's reason, pendative hyping of Sodom's nuclear ambitions in the summer and fall of 2002, as well as his persistence in advertising bogus Sodom-Kaeda prize were fed by the
President of the United States.
As we know from many journalistic accounts, Cheney and Libby built their case by off and making an end run around the CIA, state department intelligence and defense intelligence agencies.
Their ally in cherry-picking intelligence was a similar cadre of Neocon's allies led by Douglas Spite that depended on.
This is what Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson and Secretary of State Powell's wartime chief of staff was talking about last week when he publicly chastised the Cheney-Romisfeld cabal for sewing potential disaster in Iraq, North Korea and Iran.
Joseph Wilkerson wasn't a player in these exalted circles. He was a footnote who began to speak out loudly only after Sodom had been toppled and the mission of Iraq had been accomplished, supposedly.
He challenged just one element of the WMD evidence, the uranium that Sodom's government had supposedly been seeking in Africa to fuel its ominous mushroom clouds.
But based on what we know about Mr. Libby and Mr. Rose hysterical over response to Wilson's accusation, he scared him silly. He did so because they had something to hide.
Should Mr. Libby and Rose have lied to investigators or a grand jury in their panic, Fitzgerald will bring charges, but that crime would seem a misdemeanor next to the fables that they and their bosses fed the nation and the world is to the wise for invading Iraq, not to mention the 2000-day Americans of course.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
I miss his meal Roger.
Miss, please, I guess you take that right now.
560.
Oh, how did it become?
You see that?
I'm happy.
We played at the rock and roll of some of music on my show.
Who is that?
A Spring Seam.
Dancing in the dark.
That ain't no sense in the dark.
That's a tether I often.
Here.
Here's dancing in the dark.
How did I know?
I'm the guy.
I'm the guy.
That's when men were men and women were taxi dancers.
And then a worried man got their figures and a postcard.
Never mind your morality.
And joining me today is a very spatial guest.
This man's like a god to me.
The inhibitor bitable.
Ted William.
He intended.
What do you know?
What do you say?
Oh, I'm just rolling merrily along.
I'm just rolling merrily along.
Busy.
Are you keeping busy?
I work at a bowling alley's cleaning ball return machine.
Those fingers taste so bad.
I'm glad I don't have them anymore.
You hear that?
Anymo, he says.
Anymo!
Oh, doctor.
That's your right med produce department.
Thanks for the heads up, Ted.
You gotta change these socks.
Hey, Josh, I don't want to read anything to you.
Oh look what's going on.
Let's try it.
Go ahead and throw it to Todd for the sports update.
We got one minute till two and neither one of us has anything to say.
He'll deal.
He'll deal.
He'll deal.
He'll deal.
He'll deal.
He'll deal.
