all you guys lie you you you all you guys lie but this this whole thing is
fortunate turning to this service service are you know
share me both of us hear me both of you gonna boom you're gonna boom
boom me share me we want to be to jump up the bridge if I don't jump
I'm 40 years old my 28 you're good Bob where you've proved it you know
you've done this you've done that we're all supporting you I've never heard that
before you guys lie you you you you you you you all you guys lie
you can get my son in this hello
you're tired tired tired tired tired tired tired
hello all you guys lie you you you all you guys lie tired tired tired tired
you want me to jump up the bridge and find jump hello yeah we force you to do
it very go ahead and jump okay we'll pack your sandwich on the way down or
maybe some Royates he's a real pain in the ass very bonds but it's opening day
oh yeah don't you know that every year we get that same son dance from
people say oh but it's opening day meal now I've been a baseball at least I
used to be a baseball fan from when I was a little kid a hundred years ago and I
just don't understand this thing if you're not interested in baseball why would
you be interested in an opening day I could understand if you don't follow
it much during the season and you pay attention to the world series because the
world series is who fly high you know I like football if you don't pay any
attention to you and you watch the Super Bowl because it's a happening it's a
thing right even George watches the Super Bowl not you not no but you know what
I'm saying sure but if you're not a baseball fan what is it that makes opening day
so oh genius as usual you're so out of touch with the mainstream out there to
which I say thank God oh that's one thing I got going for me anyway here's a
fact from Henry and Miami to start today we also got a fact from Lyle and of
course we're gonna identify Lyle before the show is over today Henry and Miami
says Neil thanks so much for entertaining and sometimes educating yourself for
the listeners over the years thanks for looking around there Henry because of
your show yesterday you've spurred me to research the Catholic Church oh my
gosh she said oh my god right the things I've read just about the
acquisitions for example those sadistic torture devices that church used to
kill millions over a period of a thousand years the persecution of Galileo
not even mentioned the crusades wow wow wow wow wow he says yeah I think that's
a good way to look at it wow wow PS I put 40 bucks in my gas tank today it
wasn't even fuel thank you mr. President for those low gas prices and guess
what Henry and Miami we said a new record today 220 for regular is the
price who said we can't excel thank you mr. President for those low gas
prices thank you so very very much we're just ecstatic anyway it's opening day
we got more out of the ballpark or speaking of most I'm driving to the eye
doctor my ophthalmologist yesterday thank you Dr. Marvin you're the best I
got a great ophthalmologist something going to him for years he's great huh good he
is so anyway I'm driving up there and I'm listening I got a course QIM on I
wouldn't dare although while let me get to that in a minute no seriously when I
was coming back mad dog went into a break and I punched over to 792 whatever
that thing is the ticket and it's it's basically see all these sports shows
it's well and I don't care what Duff says I don't know what his story is well we
know what he said you're fair but they're talking the same stuff on marlins
and outliders this and a pitching staff and I thought you could turn to any
sports show and it's all the same stuff except of course for the people who
are doing the talking and I'm gonna say it again because we have Hank
Goldberg because we have Jim Mandage that's why we have the big numbers and
that's why it makes a difference because people are doing here them and
hear their personalities and hear what they have to say and because it's them
see what I'm saying what do you say as opposed to just listening to a bunch of
people who sound like high school kids talking about the oh the marlins they have
a great season this year and I can't even tell one from the other they all
sound the same but anyway so I'm listening to a Moe on a web to the eye doctor
and he gets a call shortly into the show from some guy obviously a crank see
Moe needs a crank detector he's just he has a difficult time telling when one is
coming in you know I mean when a guy calls in does the doodoo doodoo doodoo
he yeah well he picks up on that yeah he picks up on that and then goes off on it
for about a minute but at any rate so the guy calls in is near Rogers gate and
Moe's responses yes and then there's a pause he admits it he admits it imagine
and I thought to myself oh maybe I made a mistake 28 years ago whatever was
now maybe I made a bet I admit it oh my good you know that's like saying is
Hank Goldberg fat yes he admits it is Moe a ball yes he admits it now then he got
rid of the muskrat I mean what is that I admit it and then of course that to
me reveals a very sad very narrow bigoted homophobic I mean that went out with
Nickers okay well that whole homophobic routine that went out long long since
passed we're we're in charge now you know what I mean you're fair that's it I admit it
type smoker right ah ah ah ah ah ah no kid now squid interjecting so much oh
sorry that broad is gonna call up again he's gonna get all bent out of shape
when I held in yesterday she made promo by the way thank you very much we're
out you were great that was a good promo it's about time now usually the
promo is there some inane thing like I was talking about props for pops or
whatever was the other day I hear that promo it was so inane he admits it he
said it in such a way as if like can you believe it he admits it that would be
like saying there's more where checkered pants yes he admits it follow him saying is
more do yes he admits it what do you think okay so anyway here's our poll
for me yesterday I just almost drove off the road it was so I'm using the
practice play I feel today it's only Tuesday but I feel like I've been in here
for a month I really do either I don't know what it is about itching all
they yesterday from whatever although unlike the last experience we've got
thank you fix it for coming in doing something it's about time we got into
first the Mike's what yesterday it would before actually this should we've
been started that's only been broken for a year plus we also have clearance now
going in there trying to explain it and you know John cope was that his name yeah he
came in this morning seems like a fairly human guy he introduced himself
shook my hand didn't seem all I nervous he admits it just what he told no
not yet well that's because he hadn't seen duck you fair but at any rate so
I just said to myself yeah he's I was joking about opening up the
pots of people that hear us okay and the problem is nobody and of course
parents come in here well what's going on I try to tell them like somebody go
and show those kids how to run a board oh what else that was his response what
else and then finally you know we on by the way here's one other thing for
here's what else keep your boyfriend to beast out of this studio off my
computer okay I paid for this computer I find his name coming up in here with
all kinds of viruses and all kinds of crack going on and since George and Josh
Cortus use Firefox we know that the viruses aren't coming in while there
you know just use that computer at all period no no his name is on here in a
couple of spots he's been the little you know probably for a reason probably
but but seriously keep the beast out of here okay there is one little tub of
trouble right there a tub of trouble and when I get to that lie off facts he's
he's on the list like a bundle of funds is a suspect but seriously what kind of a
business establishment would it would employ somebody and keep them in their
employ whose main function is to water around from room to room stirring up crap
huh well what kind of a job is that stirring up good job I'd say I would yeah I
think so yeah a plus and anyway yesterday's poll before we get in the I'm just
whipped up to a frenzy there feel pretty good about the whole deal good yeah
cuz it's already it's already Tuesday now if I didn't have the dentist today I
would we get some food in here too but I'm not doing that no the yet tomorrow
we got the Fritz and Franz we got that they're bringing in their leader
hoes yeah and we're getting some a brawwurst and Honduran Goulash what's not
to like and it's free of course you bastard you're free learning yeah anyway
here's the a poll for me yesterday what's your take on Pope John Paul II I have an
article it is so good it's brief I'm gonna read them in it that it's gonna make
you just a pin your underwear you just not gonna believe it I'm I'm serious I
showed you the headline right I love it in fact what is the headline well oh yeah
bad news from a racking but we'll get to that the Pope has blood on his hands
it's from the Guardian UK of course it's not from an American newspaper because
you don't want to read be reading such things in the USA Terry Eagleton from
the Guardian UK the Pope did great damage to the church and the countless
Catholics we'll get to that so that's just me it's people who are honest and
want to tell the truth is opposed to oh the Holy Father you know it's always the
same old crap every time somebody croaks we have to like wax like when Reagan
died same thing right anyway what's your take on Pope John Paul II Vs yesterday
1826 votes he was a great man 471 a great man doesn't wear a dress okay I mean
start right off the top great man don't wear dresses I couldn't give a
Schmidt about him 366 he never stole a freight train 341 stay out of this
studio based you slob he preached bigotry and ignorance 284 he was decent 236
and he was a snappy dresser 128 out of almost 2000 both okay so anyway here's
the well here let's do we got bimbo number five she is hot who is that what we know
who she is she's she's yeah she might give me she might give me a little something
yeah a little uh one of those that's my favorite body wash right there her we
don't know what her name isn't quite frankly who cares it would stop to ask well
only it's only like from a uh naval up believe me there's plenty to keep it
busy bimbo number five see what a good job I'm doing keeping track that's right
bimbo number five he admits it so anyway I'm sure he does to he admits it he's a
bag it oh my god and you're a cranky old man no you just don't admit it everybody else
knows it you just don't want to admit it okay I ran into Gary Sarner when I was
leaving here yesterday he almost killed me in the elevator well actually he didn't
kill me but I was trying to get out of here and then the elevator door closed in my arm
I think he had it set an autopilot you're not fooling us Gary okay we know we're
out of you you phony baloney and by the way I hope he eat trache I hope they're eating
trache with the sales party today whenever he's something if they fed him a cheeseburger
uh-oh a bacon cheeseburger would be good it's 11 past 10 at 560 WQ a.m. it's opening day
rhymes with oh we don't have that in there gay it's lit in there but it's in there
somewhere but I don't have it well rhymes with you fair yeah he admits it
nimbum I'll stick it in there no I don't want it in here more I'm gonna be here a couple
of more days nevertheless three more days who's counting sorry this would say take it up
at larides we don't make skinny little burgers because skinny little burgers are for skinny
little boys our monster big burgers are for big boys big fat
large asses with no self-control who chain smoke winstens and polish off a case of
butt every night now for big boys or so lazy they eat our breakfast bowl comes the
ultimate morning feeding introducing lardies breakfast bucket we start with
three dozen fried eggs top with six kinds of cheese over a gallon of grids on a dozen
biscuits smothered in gravy maple syrup and butter topped off with a pancake the size
of a manhole cover in a convenient five gallon buckets together with hash browns and a
64 ounce mountain do you've got the lardies breakfast bucket combo all for just 14 99
lardies without us some guys would live to see 40 10 17 to 5 60 WQA okay here's our poll
today what actor or actress that's that's fits this I won't ever see a movie if someone
so is in it whoever fill in the blank I won't see a movie if I voted for Mel Gibson no
question I mean once upon a time I would have been John Revolta but then I told you I accidentally
saw that movie he was in it was pretty good which one was with the kid yeah well he was
like a father and the guy wanted to throw it out and it was pretty good so we actually can't
be an actor when he's not trying to be a mr. cool you know he's not trying to be a routine
from what's every 20 years right do a good anyway J.Lo is going to win this I mean just a landslide
hundred and three for J.Lo and of course these people are living up to what they're saying
because every movie that she is in is a big when a bomba grande man even see that cruises
embarrassed well she is really much under the night I thought she was really how ugly did you think
well you couldn't see you look at all that I don't know every picture ever saw before she had all
that Carmen Miranda stuff all over her head kind of like is a distraction so you wouldn't look at
her face but wow oh man I'll tell you one thing she may have been ugly but she sure couldn't sing
let's see J.Lo 103 Mel Gibson 35 that's my choice I would watch a movie with that piece of crap
in there with that far bison if you paid me by the second depending upon how much then
I'd like 22 Julia Roberts 19 see a lot of people don't like Julia Roberts I know I don't know what
you still have to see Aaron Brock of it I have seen it oh you have oh I'm sorry and I've
thought sleeping with the enemy was excellent I've seen it about three times you think that was good
yeah I thought that was outstanding it was it had some real good ending it had some ten point
moments in it yeah it was anyway Julia Roberts has got 19 which show you know you're entitled
Richard gear 19 John revolted 12 Robert Downey Jr. 11 that was George's choice George
Clooney 5 he gives me the he gives me spielkeys Jodie Foster 5 Will Smith 3 in Bruce Willis None
which is what we got so far okay that's our poll today you can call in some editions I'm sure
there'll be dozens and thousands but we'll get to you I guess before we get to Lyle okay I mean
Gary sir I mean we'll do the bad news from a rack first although things are going very well
oh we're fine is what we're being told and isn't it great that all these people are dying so
we can cover take all the TV coverage and don't have to give this bad news from a rack and all the
other bad things that are happening with a gas prices all of those things you know it's that's
good excellent two car bombs exploded nearly the same time this morning in the bag that area
killing at least two people including another US soldier injuring at least six of this
policemen through official said the number of American dead in the Iraq war stands at 1542
but who's counting that would be a good question who's got more blood on his hands I'll present
here the Pope I guess the Pope had a lot more yeah I mean we're talking millions with the Pope
yeah well although Bush is working on it in other violence and Iraqi general working for the
country's interior ministry was kidnapped and bagged at this one see things everyone tremendously
swimmingly well we're fine and the media doesn't have time to talk about those things because we
got bigger fish to fry bigger people to bury or maybe not bury just schlepper on a slab somewhere
okay let's see these factions coming in here Bobby says now what's Bobby Faxing here oh living
will okay great thanks how much Bobby hi it is a real living will I guess it's alive yeah it's
for somebody has a terminal condition somebody who admits it yeah I have a terminal condition it's
called life right that that's the one guaranteed terminal condition is life for I mean if you're
alive you are going to die oh no no I'll say that I don't believe it in 1973 I was working at WspB
I had a landlord very strange guy and his 50s early 50s for strange and he I don't know how he
got in the conversation but he said to me he says you know all these people worrying about death
and everything says I'm only 50 whatever he was a thorn who was aged he says and by the time I
get to be 70 or 80s they already have found something you know or curious so you never die he
really believed that huh guess what happened he died he said yeah you know maybe someday but not
no living will look at his pages and pages living will and we have to do something on our website
for this because there are a lot of people out there after Terry Shiver who would like you know
would like to have a living will not have to be subjectly didn't you guys put a link up no we talk
about it I don't believe we did we do have Pat you can in the with the pineus face which I find
most entertaining and that looks like pine I don't you think that's an extremely those two
photos that we got up there now with the Pope the one where looks like somebody is I can't say it
and and then the other one where you got the skeleton I'm very poor taste just change those to
just pictures of his feet no I think we ought to leave money because they're very poor taste
and so was he and so was everything he stood for or most of it anyway here's speaking of
very poor taste here's our facts from Lyle now I'm going to tell you right now I'm not reading
anymore Lyle's facts is after the day until Lyle now didn't he say last week he was going to
like he'd written to you come out of the closet he she read threatened yeah and when I when the
elevator door opened yesterday he see if Gary Sarner had any balls he would have said oh by the
way I'm Lyle don't tell anybody I'm if he had any balls which of course he does music coward you
find a promise no negative whatever it is that they're fair people are ice holes yeah they are
but anyway it's fairly entertaining in the music and I have a list of before here and it has to
be one of those or it could be the like I said Danny in the hewn years but I don't think so they
let this is a little bit inside inspiration here right so it's either somebody who's here
presently or somebody who is here in the past like your good-close personal friend or
leather poised PD Lenny by the way I tell you about his cat so anyway here's the fast from
Lyle that was let's see printed out 1134 last night but waiting for me this morning I'm so excited
it says dear Neil tomorrow meaning today at the sales party will probably discuss how well our
station is doing mostly in great part of the devoted staff that we have at both stations both
well what about what about KISS don't they count that one no why not they have a different
general manager oh yeah there are some misfits outcast and mentally challenged people at the
stations but we are a family a family and capital letters of family not some a
boring high-priced mercenary that doesn't even live in our state kind of a dysfunctional family
I was just looking at that picture of the sales department over there on the wall a big one
and I noticed that the family seems to be shrinking although they got replaced it's though oh
was that how it works in the family right by the way says this is something you never recognize
the pawns in the game of fat cats like Hank you and Jimmy which I've never heard Jim Mad is called
Jimmy before my life have you you know he just doesn't seem like a Jimmy to me no at least Jimmy
stands up for a little guy once in a while it says I don't know who's a bigger baby you are Hank thank
God Greg deals with it not me Greg deserves an award for just you and Hank or maybe for lying so
much he deserves that award I just wish for once you'd recognize the good side of Troy well I do
recognize the good side he was in here this morning I have no problem with Troy he and I are very
very tight we have the same haircut almost they're awfully out of touch whoever out lily yeah uh Jeff
I don't know who Jeff is who Jeff is hi oh Jeff hi see there's another thing nobody ever calls him
it's fat boy have you ever heard anybody refer to him as either high boy or fat boy
or Jeff and he who's Angie one of these sales secretary but I don't know who that is she's a sweetheart
well that's fine but I couldn't recognize because I don't know who that is Mike E who's my key like
X team who's that mad mad night oh mad bald Mike oh he's just crazy maybe that's who this is no
oh Steph X who Steph X one of the engineers good guy Timmy another engineer right computer guy
because yeah I don't need to one of those people right so it's hard for me to recognize some of
us have children you know as George speak up George now what does that mean I some of us
I don't know I don't know what that line mean as if am I getting anybody fired here or my
depriving them of their livelihood I don't understand what that mean is see I'm not one of those
people who runs around trying to get people fired he admits it when the bonuses are spread next
month and boy that's really out of touch with reality because if there's any ratings bonuses next
month that's going to be a real shocker to all of us believe and by the way if there are ratings
bonuses it's not going to be because of the sales department with all due respect oh come on admit
it and if we're for a pain in the ass people like me and Hank and Jimmy of the sales department
would have anything to sell on this radio station I just mentioned I just mentioned that in passing
okay because sales people are ice-hole but anyway it's just when the bonuses are spread next
month you'll look forward to a fancy vacation in May and leave all your troubles and vicious
rumors behind to enjoy yourself while we work here with the station no no no no no no no no no no no no no
yeah tough huh like I'm supposed to sit around and hold their hand and how about a fancy vacation how
much is ordinary pedestrian vacation huh yeah you take those all the time to write and then it says
oh yeah I wish you'd wear a hairpiece just try it out maybe Charles Alfie Erie could
loan you one or perhaps mr. David could lend you one of his old ones mr. David not moe see you
don't even have anybody's name right in this Gary I don't like your shiny head it's not cool you're
an old man with a bald head who wears members only jackets when he goes out probably no I don't I
don't have any members only jackets you uh also go command-out no I don't and then it says oh I
blank blank you yesterday walked past you um ran into you whatever which is Gary Sarner with
the elevator or Chris could be the new sales manager I walked past him but it's not it how do you
know that Curtis a his time Curtis Liva a his time oh who do you think you are the Pope of our
stations do you want us to kneel down it's a K any uh liel no I don't want to kneel down if I
don't want to see I don't want to smell you I don't want to know you if you don't like me I don't
like you that's fine I don't know problem with that who cares this matter fact if I came in here
and I only saw George and I mean there's some people I you know came back I'm glad to see
like Hank if he ever shows up again and Ken Maldon and George and Josh Curtis if he ever shows up
to get that check and uh who else Tommy Doth even Clarence I didn't mind seeing Clarence briefly uh
who might leave it out oh you tell me yeah what was that uh intercom oh I thought there was some
hysteria in a hallway there here's one from Larry Norlander welcome home Neil oops better save
that for when you're back in teo that's correct Larry I would never watch a movie with Tom Hanks oh
very very good choice Larry excellent how did I forget that because life is like a box of
chocolates and he admits it yeah that's what the time hangs in he said life is like a box of
craft is what it is well I thought it was chocolates 27 27 after 10 and just relax joy so okay
just let your hair down like mode it a little bit he's bald you know he admits it now he didn't
use to but then again I think you embarrassed him because you're such a you're such a
yeah the O's your own provocateur that's me don't wonder he and Greg both despise you like
boys and Gary Sarner too I think I'm sure you know spring is here and has a great time to get on
by the way it's not Maddie Bell we've eliminated him I'll go give him my list when we come back
of suspects for a while who's too much of a coward to really come out of the closet I dare you
a while I dare you let's have a facts come in here which you won't come in because whoever it
is is probably in the building and these are coming from outside remember when a stranger calls
they're calling from inside the house well not this one
oh there's that bitch into there it's the world of the earth
I can't do the twist
I'm gonna fall over there
I'm gonna get out of the twist
that we caught on ice well there
that dance is so serious
that's you
there won't be no dance
I'm gonna get you dance and make you sing
I think you'll say you do what can't to work
unless you will and to take the chance I wouldn't try it I think I'll pass don't dance
don't dance
don't do the last bit day before what you'll see too
or I'll go after last call this gonna bus you don't dance
you grab my shoulder
don't dance
I think when Mike Reney passed away we should have a bigger fuss about it than the Pope.
He was a good person.
Never got a kill.
Never stole a freight train.
Never got anybody killed.
Never got any stone age mentality.
Maybe stone age.
Not stone age.
So anyway, Lyle here's my choice of four.
Mine.
I don't know what you're thinking.
Number one Gary Sarner.
Number one suspect.
One of our sales retard's real jackass.
And by the way don't give me the smile and a big smile and an answer to my face Gary.
Why don't you just say, oh gee look at that silly.
And that's another thing.
I don't really care if anybody here or anywhere else likes the fact that I shaved my head almost bald.
Not totally bald.
Not skinhead but close to it.
I love it.
I enjoy it.
It's very comfortable.
I think I trimmed it up a little bit because I missed a spot and the beast was going to be crap about that yesterday.
It's just fine.
He don't look any uglier than you did before.
I looked just the same before only.
Maybe about 10 days younger.
Right.
And the same thing.
I'm bulging out of the hair cut.
And it's the Amstaling man.
I got him my dockers for old cockers.
You're a nice regular shirt on here today.
You're ding-dong daddy.
He got my nice new balance shoes.
What's not to like?
I didn't show you mine.
What?
I don't want to see you.
I think they match.
I wrote Tess.
You know something?
Seriously.
This man, you need restraints.
John and South Carolina.
I'm not going to look any more of this.
I don't say me any more of this.
That's probably what he just grossed me out here.
There's so many.
It's like I'm doing a whole show with him.
See?
I don't know.
That's a whole show is for him and back.
And we're like, we're having a personal conversation.
That's about the 80th facts.
And I want to sit here for like three hours.
I'll invite him in next time.
Number one suspect Gary Sarner is Lyle.
Okay?
Because we only know of like three or four people in the building
got their head way up Greg's ass.
And he's one of my Maddie Bell is one.
But he's not the, this is him.
No.
No. Not Maddie Bell.
He's not the water Nazi.
She does.
It's, uh, could be I guess.
Huh?
Technically, but that's also not her style.
No, that wouldn't be her deal.
She got the more important things to do back there.
We know what they are.
Gary Sarner, number two suspect,
PD Lenny, who doesn't work here anymore.
But he's on that picture over there in the wall.
And then one of the crossed out,
they'll be the only one that's on that picture.
That is definitely her style.
And the fact that he calls managed Jimmy and Timmy,
and that's his thing, Jimmy.
You know, that, that he would be the one that would do that.
When you think, yeah, PD Lenny.
Probably egg done by another one of the suspects on here,
Fat Boy, who I did have number three,
but I've reversed the list now.
We go for number three is now the beast.
And number four is Fat Boy.
Jeff, hi.
It could be him.
Could be who?
Hi boy.
Now, cut me.
I know that that's why he's on my list.
It's one of those four.
And if it's PD Lenny, that it's encouraged by Fat Boy,
who's given him the little spy reports about the haircut,
you know, because that's what these people, these are silly people.
If they spent nearly as much time going out there
and servicing their accounts and selling new accounts,
as they do being professional, the interest,
we'd be, we'd have spots up the old earlobe, you know?
We'd be overrun with spots.
But, so there you go.
Oh, I blank, blank you yesterday.
Who do you think you are?
And it said her answer was for him.
Very amusing.
But like I said, I'm not going to read any more lilyl faxes
until lilyl comes out of the closet.
And if you have the guts to do it,
or maybe just open up the door and stick your head in.
You know, wave your hand, say, oh, it's me.
It's me.
Weren't they really funny?
I'm using isn't it a bunch of good material?
It is ray material.
I love it.
Yes, sure.
To stick my teeth in there.
Because I didn't really come here to see anybody.
I came here because I have business to take care of.
And plus, you know, to be on the legal side,
I can only stay 180 days at a time in Canada.
You did it?
I admit it.
He admits it.
Seriously, that may have been what the great radio moment
was in history.
And he doesn't even realize it.
He's oblivious to it.
I mean, it was such an obvious crank, you know,
and then the guy goes out, but he always say those things about you.
And of course, yesterday, I didn't say anything about him.
Other than he's going to be on it to a clock.
Like I said, he's going to be out of the stadium at two o'clock
for the opening.
It's opening day.
But just, he admits it.
He's gay.
Like he never heard of anybody else who did this.
See, I think when you're an old goat like that, you know,
from the old school, and you've been in that real home
before they could bigger than that.
Plus, how about too many locker rooms, you know?
I wonder how many mataconis he used to hang out with in locker rooms.
I'm aware of, you know what I'm going to say?
I'm being honest to him.
Many of the shirt.
Right.
Like a former NFL player, Dave Coppe.
He's gay.
He admits it.
Of course, he didn't plan no more.
Many, many years.
Former Angel League umpire, Dave Palone.
He admits it.
Joey and Miami says that silly little Chad Jack Jackie Chan for a list.
And if he made movies anymore, Charlton Heston,
the right wing gunned up more on it.
What does that mean?
Oh, I see you put him on it.
Now he doesn't make movies anymore.
PS, I can't stand that bitch Julia Roberts,
either bad actress who takes herself to a series.
I don't think she's a bad actress number one.
And number two, who cares if she takes herself seriously or not?
Right?
Right. I don't kind your work.
Most of the time.
I'm not seeing she's always in great movies.
She's good.
Well, Clarence's stuck his head in the door.
It's him.
Clarence is the islile.
I said the first person who sticks their head in the door, that's lile.
That's who it is.
Well, we shouldn't know.
Probably with the help of the beast.
Clarence.
Now, Clarence don't have the balls to do it.
Here's Todd and Holly with another chronic factor.
How many people do you think saw the long line
was for the Pope and decided to see Johnny Cochrane instead?
You know, like at the movies.
Yeah, that's a good point.
You know, you go to like your multiplex with 85
and you went there and see movie number one.
But there's a long line and movie number three
there's like only four people waiting.
You go there.
It says, please stop the death watches already.
Oh, hey, Todd, you ain't seen nothing yet.
This is going to be a regular thing now.
And we got the Michael Jackson stuff, the Pope stuff.
We got lots of stuff and we got 800 names to add to our poll.
This is going to be great.
This is going to just fly by.
And then before you know what the week will be over,
I'll be long gone.
I don't think I'm going to be doing this again though.
Well, you keep saying that.
What do you mean?
You say that every time you come home?
I don't know why.
I mean, I have to come home.
But I think my like for the rest of this year,
my future trip so much during these times when I'm not working.
I see it.
Because there obviously are many people in the building
who are very offended by the fact that,
and see on the one hand,
Lyle is bitching me out that I'm a carpet bag
or whatever it says here.
A high priced mercenary doesn't even.
But on the other hand, I shouldn't be here.
And I'm, you know, I'm, they're offended by my sight, you know.
It has no idea.
So I think it'll be a lot, we get along a lot better
by long distance.
Absent makes the heart grow fonder, right?
Just and of course there's that.
You're fair.
Yeah, that thing too, you know.
He admits it.
The way he said that, you got to find it on tape.
Listen, you must find they lock them up.
They do more than that.
They deny that they actually record that show.
Robert.
Oh, Robert.
We can't get out of here.
It needs to be fired right now, Robert.
Now the trouble makes.
Maybe Robert wrote it.
Nah, he does.
That's way beyond him.
Too many big words in there.
1041 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're not familiar with Anthony Kelli,
and though the main man by now, then I don't know what you've been listening to.
Before you call any of the mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you probably did not know.
Most banks only work with three, just three different mortgage products.
And if your credit is less than positively.
Absolutely.
Perfect.
And you've got service man.
Get ready to hear the most famous two letter word in the entire language.
Sure.
No.
If you're not working with the right lender, the chances are getting approved are maybe
50, 50 at best and probably less than that.
So do yourself a favor, get the right deal by calling the right guy.
Call right now.
Anthony Kelli and Dottoolfree.
1.
Triple 8483 loan.
That's 1-888-483 loan.
Let the main man in the steam put you in a mortgage that meets your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe even being turned down because you call the wrong number.
Call the main man in acceptance capital mortgage today.
1-888-483 loan.
That's 1.
Triple 8483 loan.
And don't forget every time they close a loan, a portion is donated to kids in distress or what's not to like.
Why call anybody else avoid the old maintenance wish gets you the deal you're looking for call the main man.
Anthony Kelli and Dottoolfree.
1-888-483 loan.
When it comes to entrance to this, we've got the steam.
The biggest personnel.
We'll watch the side.
We'll take the steam.
Sports radio, five, six, eight.
You weigh here.
Don't you go back to Canada, you do bastard.
The steam.
The steam.
The steam.
The steam.
The steam.
Pope John Paul is gone.
I just read.
We've been hanging on by a thread when they found him in bed.
Dead cube.
All the Catholics said they all said.
Five pop.
They said.
Five.
Five pop.
Five pop.
Five pop.
Five pop.
You have to go.
Die.
Don't write.
No film was really up.
Now we stick to call printing here it's last.
Oh, it's time to have.
You will.
Now it's time to have.
You will.
Now it's time to have.
You will.
I have no life.
That's it.
The leader of the church was his role, but old age had taken his toll.
He's having his now-his-souls go, put that pole in our hole as we say,
Bye, Pope, we'll say, Bye, Pope, I say, Bye, Piers, so bad I'm gonna cry, Pope, then we'll finish the pearly dates,
Where St. Peter waits, there's your final reward.
Are you sure?
Poor old pontiff now he's sick, there's a poor old pontiff now he's sick, there's a poor old pontiff now he's sick, there's a poor old pontiff now he's sick, there's a porch, a fence on.
In nominee potray, a piliette, spit it to a soggy, I don't feel so good.
Yeah, you were right, they should have called Bonasera man, he could have done a hell of a lot of better job, because he looked really nasty on that pole.
Very pulled.
Yeah, the face of the lips were like pulled back, he looked like 84 years old or something, but nice shoes though.
He did have nice little nice slippers, a very tiny little dainty feet sticking up there.
That's always something interesting thing when a guy wears a dress and has a little dainty feet, that indicates, no, something.
Oh, I don't want to say that.
You fairy!
He didn't admit it.
Here's a fax from Pinkie who says, I would poke my eyes out before watching anything with Polly Shore, we got him under for it.
Yeah, Polly Shore.
Okay, let's get to this, well maybe we'll take a few calls, get some more names on the list, where you think.
I got to get that Pope article on man, I would be so good, I might read it like every hour.
Oh, you heartless bastard, you can't handle the truth, can you, you emotional cripples.
Like, I got to call it yesterday, that was good call because it goes to Shore, I put it out a couple of things that are also pointed out in this article.
And he refused to respond to him.
Like, I wasn't even saying them, you know.
Oh yeah, but, yeah, but, but, but, the Yamama, kind of like Gary Sarner, you know, can't reason with him.
Although I did see when he came off the elevator yesterday, the big bright smile on his face, 5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60 on the cellular one and whatever the thing is, Verizon Wireless Line.
Now here's the deal, one actor, actress, best fits this description, I won't ever see him over if that person is in it.
Jeeho is just kicking some serious ass.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm polishing my miter.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, like you're having a good meal.
Yes, sir.
Kurt Russell, whenever I see his name, I just, I can't watch that movie.
Walt Disney liked him a lot, that's, but Walt's dead, though, you see.
Yeah, yeah.
And then he went to my brother, Goldie Han.
Goldie Han, like, said Kurt Russell, she's been married to him for like 80 years.
That's a strange pairing, isn't it?
Why?
I don't know, it just, they don't seem to, he was the Disney kid, she was all, you know,
not a fine bubble gum.
No, not really.
That's, I don't know, he's just boring.
She's, she's at least got a little bit of personality.
He's all right, would Kurt Russell?
Never stole a freight train.
Get out of here, he's like a step away from Patrick Swazie.
Cornball movies, yeah, well, that's another way to get Patrick Swazie.
Yeah, that's good.
Golly, don't see him anymore, thank God.
I haven't heard, I, I rather see John Cameron Swazie.
Who, you know, he keeps taking a look at him and, and, uh, tickin' and whatever.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
I do a nailing.
Okay, sir.
I forgot a very important question that I've never, she a movie with, uh, Jeff Goldblum.
Oh yeah, he's bad, the fly.
Yeah, so arrogant.
Yeah, so arrogant.
To do it for me, much to do it.
All right, thank you.
Jeff Goldblum, yeah, I don't like him.
Yeah, the, the original movie, the fly with Vincent Price was great.
Right, and then they start Jeff Goldblum.
The only thing with Jeff Goldblum is once he, they put him in a machine, he came out, you couldn't tell the difference.
That's why.
Right, type cast.
But he never would have heard a fly.
Oh, and there was another thing I heard most on the way to the doctor yesterday about Anthony Perkins, uh, he was talking about rambling on about bad sports movies and fear strikes out the Jimmy Purysaw story with Anthony Perkins.
And Tony Perkins, he said through a baseball like a girl.
And when you came in through a baseball, how can you play like in a baseball movie, you know?
I think what he was trying to say, the Anthony was, but of course he's dead, so they're making a difference at this point.
But he was trying to do that, you know, swish routine again.
I see.
Yeah.
And those are his two favorite words.
You fairy.
W.A.K.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, my comfort zones were a lot longer than one.
So, what was it?
I have no idea.
His comfort zones were something the arrow Flynn, I know what he said.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got a name for your poll.
Yes.
Catherine Zeta Jones.
Catherine Zeta Jones.
Say it right now, pal.
She used to be there.
Now she's either.
Yeah, I said, Dan, or have you ever seen those print commercials with her in it?
Yeah.
Where one time she had, she was on one of those blue screens because it did look like she
was in sync with the guy who was next to her when she was explaining about the phone.
Yeah.
And we was just something.
It was like at the carnival.
You know, she just stuck her head through the thing.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, is she too good?
She'd even be there.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thanks, Eric.
All right.
I was like, here, here, here, here.
I don't know.
It's good, though.
Whatever it was, it was really good.
Jailo, a hundred and fifty two man, they hate you, honey.
You were with that big fat.
Right, so, okay.
She is disgusting.
Can't complain about her acting because she don't do any.
Mel Gibson, fifty seven, Ben Affleck, what he's got.
About thirty man.
Judy Roberts, twenty eight, red on Ben's ass.
I mean, is there any doubt about Ben Affleck and Matt Damon?
Do we have any doubt?
Not that it makes any difference, you understand.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Of course not.
But they just don't admit it.
Is there any doubt?
And they don't admit it.
They don't admit it.
But Neil, he admits it.
If you have to break down a cabinet somewhere, if you have to like pick a lock, which is
your speciality.
You're going to have to give that tape.
It's just, the way he says it is just, it's like, it's like, it's like at the collar
what it said.
Is the erudges an axe murderer?
Yes, he admits it.
You know.
I mean, you talk about crusty old, flutty, dutty living in the dark ages, man.
You are just so out of it.
Even with your checkered pants.
It was seventy six, right?
When you admitted it?
Yeah.
I admitted it.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Rob Lowe for your own poll?
Okay, Rob Lowe.
The lower he goes, the more he can't stand him.
I don't want to say that anymore.
I don't want to play that bit.
Can't play that.
No, no.
Can't even think about playing that bit.
Oh, and so here.
I got a story in here.
I'll just give you a little tease on it.
Wait till you hear this.
Key Law Maker calls for criminalizing TV indecency.
He doesn't want to make it a regular story thing.
He wants to make it a criminal thing.
In other words, if you want TV and you like say a crap or like.
And of course, like I said, on NBC over the weekend in the tennis matches, not on Sunday,
but on Saturday, whoever the hell was playing.
The effort was on there a couple of times.
Right, loud and clear.
I had a report on that.
A spy report.
Well, let's keep going criminalized, you know, drinking alcohol on a Sunday.
I think that peacocker is going to be barren.
I'm just going to pull all the feathers off.
Blime up with the crap.
Criminalize that.
Let's criminalize everything.
What do you say?
Women showing their ankles.
Oh, here's an excellent one from Dave the Cop.
Kevin Costner is about as exciting as watching Paint Dry.
It's a very good choice.
And he also says your Bimbo number five, maybe the best looking female since the being a curtain began.
And excellent.
PS with all the Cardinals in Rome, you know, who's pitching for Saint Louis tonight.
Cute.
Cardinals are all in Rome.
All I will say, the Saint Louis Cardinals have better outfits than those get keys there in Rome.
Boy, I really looking bad with all of them purple dresses and the caps and it's just it's idiotic.
It's insane.
This whole bureaucracy.
What is what is the need for this?
What what can anybody out there?
And of course we had the winning thing in the pool yesterday.
He was a great man.
What is it about that whole dog in a pony show that requires all of this ostentatious bull crap?
That's what I'd like to know.
That's how you know it's for real.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, when I was in Rome a few years ago, I'd have what a bought one of those outfits like on that CD cover we had that time.
And I would have had my nice greenish.
Not good enough.
My design, oh, I see that they have to give you one.
What is this?
Cardinals, Cicola has taken himself out of the running for a Pope.
That's cute.
So fearing he would be known as Pope Cicola.
That is very cute.
Thank you very much Jim.
You're making a comeback.
Nice going.
I don't know from what, but you're making a comeback.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Don't have any fash from Lyle yet.
The door opened twice since I said that the first time was clearance and the second time was muffin.
It sure as I wasn't either one of them.
No.
Although Doug probably did like the idea of Greg standing over his shoulder dictating all of those things while he was typing it out on his little pewter.
I can see that, can't you?
Oh, yeah.
I just spelled that word, bro.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
I have two.
Whoopi Goldberg and Jennifer Lopez.
Okay, whoopi Goldberg.
Jennifer's already kicking ass, but whoopi belongs on there.
I wouldn't watch her if you paid me a thousand dollars a minute.
I just can't, I can't handle looking at her.
I mean, looking in the mirror is hard enough in the morning, but looking at her, I can't deal with it.
I'd rather see a movie with Hank Goldberg and whoopi Goldberg.
Maybe we'll actually all see him again one of these days if he ever shows up.
I told you he was ill and on Friday.
Right.
He sounded raspy and probably that meal at Morton's Stake House is what put him over the edge.
Stop it, those big meals you fatso, man.
Stop it.
I'm telling you.
You put enough stress on your system and it all, all systems start shutting down.
You know, just like Tony Beagle.
Like I don't know.
You don't know what.
I know without your fat friend, but you haven't experienced it firsthand, you know.
Like fat rich, like your brother, like your good buddy there, the family that died.
Like Tom Delewese's nephew in the box.
Just start having the funeral now for what, Hank?
All of them.
Just respectful of them.
Loads an answer to when you're pleased, Hank.
Of course, of course, of course, of course, I'm going to go and sleep in it.
Okay.
Because the more hours you sleep, the less chance you have to eat.
Do you want to say it?
That's good.
I'm hoping, I'm hoping for him, but I think he'll be back tomorrow.
We had the gildy yesterday, which was really just absolutely unacceptable.
And Kimber this morning, which you know, it is what it is, 10.57 a.m.
When it comes to sports, we're the outdoors.
Supposed when you're bi-16, she will ya.
The Roger Show.
This is your brain.
You failed.
Any questions?
We drive take up drugs, so we don't wear blame.
We don't talk our soul, we like to sing.
We drink the little beer, we smoke a little pot.
We can't even feel a shot.
Our rims don't spin, we don't wear suits.
We have big belt buckles and cowboy boots.
We don't drive the bends or roll the yaw.
But thank heaven, we'll get shots.
We know another kind of boat who live our lives taking the ladder square bit.
We're all participating with me on girls, but they're strictly for hunting.
Thank God, we don't get shot.
We know we have a good time and a whole down 10 to no one's such a bullet from a city set.
We don't have any clothes, we'll go for horse.
We'd rather drink it for us.
We'd rather make love and shoot two cows.
Nobody ever tried to put a cabin face fill.
We kids are cousins but follow along.
They said maybe Timograph.
Well, we're not the kind of boat who live our lives taking the ladder square bit.
We're all participating with me on girls, but they're strictly for hunting.
Thank heaven, we don't get shot.
Have the season taste off.
Absolutely.
It's 11.03.05.06 W.Q.A.
By the way, no coffee for Gary Sarner in the building.
Coffee is for closers, plus it might be trade.
You don't know what he's closing.
Oh, he's always not.
Here's one from Robert who says add the Adam Sandler and Norm McDonald to the pool.
And Norm McDonald?
That's what it says.
Why did you ask that instead of say, I don't know.
Oh, just the way you said it.
Also, can you please pay a place of Mickey Betts?
I'm a little bit ponderous to Mickey Betts.
So you think they're just starting to know if there were some new ones, huh?
Bob and Ford Lauderdale says, how about Madonna?
No question about it.
Not that she made that many movies, but boy, when she did, ooh, man.
It's either those pits or it's just the movies or both.
Here's one that says from somebody, I can't stand watch any movie with Vin Diesel or that Van Diegel.
Vin Diesel.
Go.
Rotesque.
At best.
Jay says the worst actor in history of cinema is Bill Paschen.
Is he kind of like Buddy Bud Paschen?
Bill Paschen couldn't play a dead man if he wanted to.
He's single-handedly ruined to use U571, which would have been a decent movie if he wasn't in it.
Also can't stand Drew Barrymore.
I get nauseous sitting in my cube thinking about her success as Jay.
Drew Barrymore.
Well, her name is Barrymore, and she was married to Tom Green for about 10 minutes.
Right?
Right.
I already drove her nuts.
But anyway, oh, and here, now talk about her fake facts.
Who's sending some of these facts as Moe?
Remember how he used to call?
Like, we used to get that...
Howard from Boka.
How about that?
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
He's definitely sending facts as well, because this one right here is from him.
Even though it's signed Dave.
It says, what is your problem?
Did Howard tell a lie on you?
You are gay, so what is the problem?
I would understand you're writing a rage if you were straight signed Dave.
It's Moe.
Moe signed it, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Right?
Am I right?
No question about it.
Because no, it's either it's got to be one of two things.
Either it really is somebody named Dave who so stupid he doesn't get it.
He doesn't get the whole point I was making, or it's Moe being very indignant.
And outrage, you are a faggot.
So what's wrong with his anger?
It's one of his friends.
One of his friends?
Right.
Golfing buddy.
There are such people.
People who live in that community there.
That is talking with him.
Oh, old fart goes out to eat with old farts in a condo.
Joe says, for the pool, Ed Norton.
Smarmy, obnoxious, half asleep and ugly.
About as compelling as a chess game in a porno.
PS, ever notice a C-Match d'Rudge and Paul in in the same room,
don't be knocking Paul in.
At least he was funny.
Okay.
By the way.
Do fairy.
And he admits it.
That he was funny.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot.
And I got to get to this Pope stuff.
You know what?
The Pope will be him.
Pope stuff.
The Pope stuff.
And this pool, I mean, Jailo is just making such a mockery of it.
She's just racing.
She's off to the races.
Madonna might give her a run for money.
Yeah, once we get her, you got her on her?
Yeah.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Good match.
Q.A.M.
Yale.
Yes, sir.
How's that pucker-y-looking bitch face over in a zoo?
Okay.
She's got awful.
She's no one on her CD-Cruz.
No, no.
She doesn't sell your cruise, but then they get a who wants one.
Exactly.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Remember that song C-Cruz by Frankie Ford?
Yeah.
It's around here somewhere.
Yeah.
Well, maybe we'll play that on her CD-Cruz.
Or we can just play CD-Cruz.
I don't want to play you no more CD-Cruz.
In fact, instead of that, I'd rather play.
Where is your lawyer's tray?
You idiot, for Gary's time.
Who ever told you that you could work with men?
What's your hired for?
Is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living?
You company man.
You ferry.
Excellent.
Major news media around the world have voted 10 times as many stories to Pope John Paul's
to the death as they did the re-election of President Bush, according to an
analization release yesterday.
The Global Language Monitor, which scans the Internet for use of specific words or phrases using
Roman characters, found 35,000 news stories on the Pope in 24 hours after his death Saturday.
35,000 news stories.
This compares with about 3500 news stories on Bush with the David's Re-election and a
thousand news stories on former President Reagan within the day of his death last year.
35,000 news stories on Il Puffa.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Is that embarrassing or what?
Yeah, whatever.
Ah!
Guys, to show you, I like to Chinese say it's a Goyce de Ville.
That's what they say.
Now, wait till you do this.
Here's that article.
I kept threatening to read.
Very short.
It's short.
It's great.
Terry Eagleton, in the Guardian UK, the Pope has blood on his hands.
John Paul II became Pope in 1978, just as the emancipatory sixties were declining in the
long political night of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.
As the economic downturn of the early seventies began to bite, the western world made a decisive
shift to the right, and the transformation of an obscure Polish bishop from Carol Warchtill
at the John Paul II was part of this wider transition.
The Catholic Church had lived through its own brand of flower power in the sixties, known
as the Second Vatican Council, and the time was now ripe to reign in leftist monks,
clap happy nuns, and Latin American Catholic Marxists.
All of this had been set in train by a Pope, John XIII, whom the Catholic Conservatives regarded
as best wacky and a worst-to-soviet agent.
What was needed for this task was someone well-trained in the techniques of the Cold War.
As the prolethram Poland watched Tilla Hale from what was probably the most reactionary
national outpost of the Catholic Church, full of modern, mirror worship, nationalist
for ver and ferocious anti-communism.
Years of dealing with the Polish communists had turned them and his fellow Polish bishops into
consummate political operators, in fact it turned the Polish Church into a setup that was
at times not easy to distinguish from the Salonist bureaucracy.
Both institutions were closed, dogmatic, sensurious, and hierarchical, a wash with myth and personality
cults.
It was just like many other altering goes they happen to be deadly enemies, locked in lethal
combat over the soul of the Polish people.
Aware of how little they had won from dialogue with the Polish regime, the bishops were ill-enclined
to bend a row in Williams-like ear to both sides of the theological conflict that was
raging within the Universal Church.
On a visit to the Vatican before he became Pope, the authoritarian march Tilla was horrified
at the sight of bickering theologians.
This was not the way they did things in Warsaw.
The conservative William the Vatican, which had the test of the Vatican council from the
outset, and done its utmost to the Eurela, thus looked at the polls for salvation.
When the throne of Peter fell empty, the conservatives managed to swallow their reversion
to a non-attentant ponder and elected one for the first time since 1522.
Once in Skonston Power, John Paul II said about a rowing back of the liberal achievements
of Vatican II, prominent liberal theologians were summoned to his throne for addressing
down.
One of his primemes was to restore two papal hands, the power that had been decentralized
to the local churches.
In the early church, laymen and women elected their own bishops, Vatican II didn't go as
far as that, but insisted on the doctrine of collegiality that the Pope was not to be
seen as copo-di-tudi-copy, but as first among equals.
John Paul, however, acknowledged equality with nobody.
From his early years as a priest, he was notable for his exorbitant belief in his own spiritual
and intellectual powers.
Graham Green once dreamed of a newspaper headline reading, John Paul canonizes Jesus Christ.
Vishops were summoned to Rome to be given their orders not for fraternal consultation.
Lupi, far-right mystics, and Francois were honored, and Latin American political liberation
is balled out.
The Pope's authority was so unassailable that the head of a Spanish seminary managed to convince
his students that he had the Pope's personal permission to masturbate them.
The result of all centering of power in Rome was an infantilization of the local churches.
clergy found themselves incapable of taking initiatives without nervous glances over
the shoulders at the Holy Office.
It was just at this point when the local churches were least capable of handling a crisis
maturely that the child's sex abuse scandal broke.
John Paul's response was to reward an American cardinal who had a seriously covered up the
outrage with a flush posting in Rome.
The greatest crime of his papacy, however, was neither as part in this cover, up towards
the indythal attitude toward women.
It was the grotesque irony by which the Vatican condemned as a culture of death, condoms,
which might have saved countless Catholics in the developing world from an agonizing AIDS
death.
The Pope goes to his eternal reward with those deaths on his hands.
He was one of the greatest disasters for the Christian Church since Charles Darwin.
How do you like that?
Short and sweet.
Got a stomach right on it.
That's because the Pope told him it was okay.
Woody Allen, the only thing worth ending the Orchard is a Jew in the Orchard, says,
when will he stop making movies?
Someone please, Tilly Tudor, who's asked off the road.
Poor Tilly Tudor, I wonder how she's still hanging out.
She still is.
What do we got here?
Another one.
It says, how about Martin Lawrence, that actor?
I don't know who that is.
Who's my union?
Oh, you do?
He does movies with Will Smith as a matter of fact for double-difficult.
And I don't know who it is.
He's a comedian.
I don't watch Will Smith.
You ever see, you know.
I said, my set automatic.
That goes in her off position.
That guy?
Oh, and.
No.
Oh, no.
Get him on there right away.
From an actor 11 to 560, it's opening day, baby.
Why would anybody be listening to this one?
They can go out there and get the smell of cracker jacks and popcorn and peanuts and hot dogs
and all that good stuff there.
It used to be a Gerrari stadium.
See, the idea of a baseball game at Dolphin Stadium, that just blows.
Nice going way.
And you ax murder, you grave robber.
What an idiot.
Oh, you know, I have pretty much the same haircut right now.
I got more hair than you do, Wayne.
Yeah.
He's got the money.
I got the hair.
Yeah, his head's way shinier.
Oh, yeah.
And even after all this time, some of you are still a little bit nervous about picking up
the phone and buying your mattress without going and touching it and feeling and squeezing
it in the mattress, too.
Well, here's the deal.
I've been doing it for years.
Now, guarantee you'll love the way it works when you call 1-800-Matrus because you'll
find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy in the world.
There's no risk at all.
If you don't like it, send the goods back.
They'll replace it for you.
Do you know that 1-800-Matrus has got more repeat customers than anybody else in
the industry?
So once you try it, I will guarantee you I'll bet you the water Nazis life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-around, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices
on the best brands you know trust and love.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you'll be calling the company, right?
Number one, in customer satisfaction, too.
And all the top brands that you know and love, they got them.
Seely, Sir, Simmons, King Quill, Tempropidic, even Stearns, and Phenantis Foster.
And now, dial amatrus offers you no payments or interest till 2006.
So no more excuses.
Call dial amatrus today.
They'll be knocking on you during no time at all.
And you still pick that to our wonder when it's convenient for you and they really show
up.
I've been using them for years along with Moe and George and Miguel and Fatboy and all
the folks in QA have satisfied customers, too.
Call 1-800-Matrus right now or log onto their website, Macrus.com to guarantee yourself
a fantastic night's sleep for years and years to come.
1-800-MATTRES.
Wait, come to it and take this.
It is meal-riders, meal-riders, and big days.
Who's video-fights to see?
I'm going to get it.
So I said, I was stupid, stupid.
Well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he got the money from his daddy.
Oh, and as I said, my little bratty.
Oh, with an injector that's grassy.
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
No, but they're fill-a.
Well, he's a present and real son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with somethings ass.
So look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the death.
He's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he'll give our people rights to whammy.
Whoa, why'd he say telehazzy nasty?
No, but they're fill-a.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew.
With very fat and few.
Who never paid his dues.
My next year will all be screwed.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
Any smart could win that race against buddy, but K.
Why do you think they call it scuba?
Vitorial, anyway.
He's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he'll make the KKK happy.
Whoa, yeah, he's a telehazzy nasty.
No, but badly.
Come on, let's do stuff.
Come on, Nino.
Let's go.
11-18, Lyall was just in the-
I mean, the Greg Reed was just in here.
And also, John Jaros was in before doing a little goo step.
And he said, we're going to have a German Pope.
How do you like that?
And I put my arm extended by arm with these.
And now you got it.
Just like that.
But we're not great seeing Greg in here.
I want to surprise.
You're fair.
Anyway, it's 11-19.
What are you shmerkling about in there?
Don't be- what was the word she used?
Who interjecting so much?
Oh, that's how it was.
She was great.
You see the big smile on Greg's face like he was happy to see me in everything?
Yeah, it's not.
And I gave him the same look too.
It was great.
What actor actress best fits this?
I won't ever see a movie if so and so.
Oh, you don't even have to bleep on here, do you?
It's interesting.
But this thing really is bad, you know?
It really is.
Yeah, it's bad.
If so and so is in it.
Jalo 179, man.
She is kicking everybody's big fat.
We go the other thing.
What is it?
The hot box.
Oh, I don't use it.
I know.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, that's a good one though.
Better in mind.
Mel Gibson 66.
Paulie Shore.
Boy, Paulie Shore was only honored for like about a minute.
He's already got 47 votes.
He's skyrocketing.
He may pass Jalo like she's laid out.
And it wouldn't have been great if she were.
Ben Affleck 33.
Julia Roberts has got 30, man.
Richard Gear 27 will Smith 20.
John Reholt 15.
Robert Downey Jr. 12.
George Clooney 8.
Jony Foster 7.
John Hinckley though would like to see the movie.
Well, we let him out.
Just for the weekend.
Just see if you listen to the video.
We'll be go over six Bruce Willow 6.
Jackie Chan 5.
Woody Allen 4.
Vin Diesel 3.
Ron A. Zellwager 2.
Bill Paxton.
I don't know who Bill Paxton is.
He's a minor actor in a lot of movies.
He's mostly character actor.
He's very few.
He's very nice.
He's a nice person.
He's an adequate character.
Richard Crenna.
Right.
He was a good actor.
He was just fine.
But he was just, you know, character actor.
Madonna 2.
And one for Martin Lawrence Drewbury,
more Adam Sandler, Kevin Costard,
Catherine Zita Jones.
Ruben Sierra is not on here yet.
Jeff Goldblum.
Ruben Sierra.
Who's now Ruben's a baseball player.
Now he's Ruben Sierra.
Just as the start of the season.
I mean, Yankee Ritzark came to me and I caught that.
He used to be Ruben Sierra's whole life.
He was Ruben.
And now, I mean, have you ever had a Ruben sandwich?
Not lately.
Oh.
It's like a combination of, remember, the rat, Ben, and then RuPaul.
That's a Ruben sandwich.
Ooh, gross.
Yeah.
I'm not sure which is worse.
A Kurt Russell one time, Hank's one.
Only one for Tom Hanks.
What is wrong with you people, man?
I know there's some really good choices on here.
But Tom Hanks.
Wow.
You couldn't pay me enough to see a movie with him in it.
I mean, there has been enough money printed in history just to see that.
He just...
Very tired.
Oh my god.
And talk about taking yourself to seriously.
Good, Molly, Ms. Golly.
Even Alice Rantel don't take herself that serious.
Hey, Alice.
You fairy.
Now, who'd have left out?
Well, there's something down at the bottom.
There were no votes.
We got a good list going.
It's a good 5-6705-60, pound 5-60, and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
We'll get another 100-200 names on there.
And then we got the opening day.
Oh, it's opening day.
I don't understand why you're not all whipped up.
I'm not going to have your baseball glove in here today.
Oh.
Oh.
No, sorry.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to Italy.
And I heard you talking the other day about the best pizza in the world.
Could you tell me the name of the place?
The name of the place?
In Rome, you say there's the best pizza you ever had in your life.
All right.
So you're not going to find it.
It's called S-S-D-S-T-E-S-T.
You're not going to find it.
It's near the train station.
You're sending the Statsione Stoicentrali.
Well, I appreciate it.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Okay.
I'll cross the street from there.
There isn't even better a tat in your restaurant.
Don't make pizza over there.
It's downstairs.
It's a lot of matricianos.
For years, many years I've been going there.
I can't figure out what the name of the restaurant is.
It doesn't have a sign.
It's just trotterian.
Oh, man.
The best thing they have there is the simplest, just the spaghetti tomato roll.
And they mix the parmesan cheese fresh.
You know, they toss it inside the...
No, but it's made of some...
I don't care what anybody ever tells you.
There is just nothing like that in the world.
It's just so phenomenal.
No, no, no.
And then for dessert, maybe a little gelato misto.
Or maybe some of those greatest tat in desserts.
But anyway, let's not do the food thing.
Or wait till tomorrow when we got the broth.
We're set a little curb stuff in here tomorrow.
Now, also, can help her in my limo guy.
I was telling me that there's a great new exciting diet to forget about.
Atkins, it's out, South Beach is out.
And there's something new that everybody is doing and talking about.
And I haven't heard...
He doesn't know what it is.
Hmm.
What is it?
A dying.
No, seriously.
There's a new diet that everybody is looking for.
There's a new diet that everybody is looking for.
I haven't heard about it.
Abooted.
I follow that as much as I follow sports.
Yeah.
Well, that is because you're not fat.
And you're indifferent.
And callus toward those of us who are fat.
I applied the one diet.
And it was the lives that are hanging in the balance.
Cut the crap diet.
You're indifferent and you just love indifferent.
No, I'm not indifferent.
You do not care.
There's only one diet.
It's like the 75 scripts of Baconace Center for yesterday morning again.
Now, you notice I didn't...
I had a couple of you.
And you threw them out.
No, no, I didn't throw them out again back to you.
You took a bunch of them.
And then I gave the rest to you.
And either you ate them or tossed them.
But I'm not gonna go through that again.
Because that one day that I did that was it last year and year before.
And I just love bacon.
I couldn't stop eating it.
It's just so good.
You know, how he's just got the best bacon going by.
After the first 200 scripts, you know, it's just a little bit over the top.
And by the way, I never got...
You see, that was Mo.
That Dave...
That was him.
You think?
I know it.
There's no...
I'm telling you, he is sending faxes.
He might even be a liel for all we know.
What?
Because he never refers to himself in any way, but Mr. David or Howard...
In fact, the first one was, oh, I got upset about something you said about Howard.
Remember that?
Who else in this building would be upset about that?
Name me anybody.
It's almost time you give me...
It's a good night.
Next Monday.
I think I'll go through the list.
Yeah, see what I'm saying?
Name me anybody.
Yeah, he's looking at the person...
Boy, contact me.
Let's do it.
Yeah, keep looking.
Okay, I'll turn down the building up in that.
Keep looking at the list.
Yeah.
Name me one.
Name me one person who would be upset about anything that I said about Moe, huh?
Besides him.
Can you come up with anybody even close...
Even a close-fax similar?
Even the people I don't really talk to...
Yeah.
... other than them either.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Oh, there's somebody here I don't recognize.
I think I've been told to say that.
I don't want to be it. That's Lyle.
Yes, sir.
Hey, who is the guy that put the cap and the Jones on there?
Some Mr. Muck.
I don't know.
Some guy that don't like her.
So, it's Muck.
Yeah.
And he admits it.
You're fairly rich.
Yeah, he admitted it.
Well, she's okay.
I don't have any problem with Captain C.
The Jones.
He's a pretty good actor.
She's been in some good things.
She's hot.
I'm Michael Douglas, said she's hot.
And there are a lot of people who agree.
So, what's not to like?
I mean, the J-Vary to him.
That's not true.
Yeah, I don't...
I'm not going to put him on the list.
Because he has been in some excellent movies like Fatal Attraction.
And he was in some horrible movies, too, like Traffic.
I mean, he got to go out and play in Traffic after making a movie like that.
That drug movie?
I think I saw that, though.
I had marginally...
Oh!
There was a movie called Traffic.
It was awful.
It didn't go anywhere.
Like, the end was like, I don't know.
It didn't say anything.
That wasn't the one with Vinicio del Toro.
It may have been.
I don't remember.
I don't know.
Well, what do we not like about him?
He's okay.
He's okay.
He said, okay, let's say, Neil Rogers, wrong on politics, wrong on religion, wrong on America, wrong on the road.
Sign the petition now at sil...
Silence near Rogers.org.
Oh, that's good.
I like that.
This is a mole again.
Oh, he's frantic now.
Get out to the stadium.
Okay, Mo, they're going to miss you out there.
You're going to miss your appointment of Gate G.
And, of course, the G stands for Gate.
Oh, here's another pouring in here.
They're all from him.
How come all you do is complain, complain, always negative.
Who Hank gets filling in has nothing to do with you.
Whoever fills in, all you do is complain.
You are not managing.
But we are the management on this station.
Yeah, this is PD Lenny, you're right.
When you have your own station, and it's okay for you to complain the way you do.
Hank doesn't appear to be quite awake when he's doing this show either.
Why not complain about Hank?
Oh, and this is also the same one that sent the faxiest today.
Right.
But, you know, Hank mumbles and gildies, and...
Okay, PD Lenny, go on and tell some spots.
I'm sure they need it down the dial there, okay?
Or up the dial wherever you are up the Hershey-Hareway.
Whoever it is, they hate you and anybody you like.
Oh, they actually don't.
Oh, they hate you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Let me say it again, your carpets are as bad as you sink when it comes to collecting germs. They're as schmutz in air, baby. If you want your carpets just like brand new, I mean really sanitary and of course looking like brand new, the only way to do this have our friends at dry concepts come to home like they've been doing for me for over 20 long amazing years now.
Dry concepts has got certified technicians who really know their stuff, you can trust your expensive of goods to them.
You're carpeting, you're furniture, you're draping, you're expensive area rugs and orean rugs, all of these things.
And of course because dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique, your carpets are drying just an hour and a half, so it's not a slogan, it's for real, it's the emis when they say you can clean today and entertain tonight.
Called dry concepts and you'll find out why I've used them for over 20, 20 years myself and why they've been doing it in town for over 26 years now.
Nobody does it like these people.
And they'd rather than Palm Beach's called dry concepts, toll free, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Dry concepts making carpets clean and stuff for it like I said since 1979.
When it comes to sports, we are the authority.
Sports for you, 560.
You wait here.
There.
Then sex.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for satis!
Sure, good thoughts on it, yes.
What's your facts?
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Where you won't wait for no more.
I gotta think about a top I get in right there and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do, no deserts under snow, you gotta wait a little harder on the guest you want.
Or else you got to go.
There's a lot of pet producers you know.
That's right, watch your back, Zach.
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
What you got, Zach?
Where you won't wait for no more.
Oh, I brought a whole lot of love on it, I don't understand.
You can leave from a trough while you're in both ends.
Yeah, say, that's much you made a rating for.
You just like Clinton, it's all your fault.
And it's straight, you fat ass out.
That's right, watch your back, Zach.
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
What you got, Zach?
Where you won't wait for no more.
Is it where we say, Zach?
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Who are you?
Yeah, you got to go back here.
And I want one time in your life.
It's 1133, so I showed this, uh, fast, the latest, Lyle, fast to Greg who is in here.
And he looked at it and I showed him my list of suspects on here.
And he said they're the beast.
I said, yeah, he likes to stir it up trouble.
It's, uh, would be typical of him.
He said, I want to think he knows that much about arbitrage and the ratings and so on.
Now, we're, I mean, I don't recall all these facts, it's verbatim, word for word, close to it.
But, uh, do you remember anything about arbitrage ratings or anything like that in any of these?
No, I might have saved one.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
The pieces of the puzzle are starting to fall together.
How do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
This is like a Sherlock Holmes episode.
Watch this means Greg's pain, attention to the show.
Yeah, that's good.
Might as well have nothing else to do.
Let's see.
Oh, no, Mark and Colorado Springs, I can't believe you said, I'll do you right.
Over the top.
Jim Carey.
Yeah.
Over the top.
Way over.
I mean, there's one thing to be overacting and there's nothing to be over.
Uh, what would you call it?
Overaffected?
Oh, yeah, overaffected.
With the, with the faces and maybe just, I like it.
I like it.
I probably, Williams just, uh, yeah, I can.
I like both of them, but in movies, in fact, why don't we put Robin Williams on there?
Patch Adams.
He is just, and I'm going to say it again, oh, I didn't bring you that movie.
You've already seen it, haven't you?
The one with Robin Williams and Matt Damon.
What is the name of that movie?
Um, oh, what is it?
You know what it is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's got some kind of a stupid looking for Mr. Damon.
Uh, what if it's goodwill, huh?
Goodwill hunting, that's it.
You saw it?
No.
Oh, you haven't seen it.
Don't.
That's how Patch Adams.
Don't.
Well, don't see, uh, if you hated Patch Adams, you really hate the goodwill hunting.
Anyway, Jim Carey says he's never funny.
I'm your list, Mark and Colorado, but it's for him.
Thanks, thank you very much, Mark.
And maybe we'll also add some list of suspects for our alliance.
Yeah, Moa said in his faxes now, fast and frantic, just outrageous stuff.
Isn't that great?
He's just hyperventilating.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
Time daily.
Time daily.
She's disgusting.
Okay.
And maybe you can dig out an old David Peel record today, the Pope smokes dope.
An old David thing.
Sir, do you want me to ask you a question?
Do you listen to this show?
Yeah.
How often do you listen to this show?
Or is that it?
Then why would you ask me if I did?
We'd play that almost every day on the show.
The Pope's not going down.
The Pope's not going down.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Okay, find a life, get out of here.
If you can dig out an old, what, why even ask?
You know, why do I understand?
Well, I'm a slower learner.
God, David, this guy's the Pope's not going down.
No, we're not playing it right now, though.
56670560, pound 560 on the Eiffel River, rather than Singular Riders lines.
Got 800 names in this pool already.
A lot of people, if you people in Hollywood would pay attention to discover,
if you do more of your focus, focus, focus groups you discover,
there are a lot of people that we don't want to see.
No mo.
No mo.
Our from poker.
Here's another one.
Just wait.
Oh, here it is.
Not one of those.
While watching the news, I see the next big hyperventilative news to read the,
they're gearing up.
It'll be the return of the shark attacks.
Nah, that's small stuff.
Right?
Small stuff.
Yeah, they'll read the beach.
Let's get the deaths out of the way.
First another thought listening to Wilka Bryan.
I wish there was a camera on him while taping those bits.
So that'd be great.
That'd be fun to watch.
First of all, he's in his white DVDs.
Oh, no.
At least.
Oh, at worst, I mean, at best.
It says it's something about a 50-something balding guy singing those songs
has to be great and pathetic at the same time.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Right.
That's Wilka Bryan.
He is great and pathetic at the same time.
That's him.
Also, here's one.
She's not in the movies.
Friend Dresher.
Has she ever made a movie?
He is?
Yeah.
The nanny?
Yeah.
Is it in the movies?
She's what will he do to make?
She was, um, all right.
You're going to make me name some?
Alabama, and Ellie without that.
I like men with Robin Williams.
Yeah.
I've put her on there right away.
She makes me, she is nasty, man.
The ADL ought to be after her ass.
You talk about a walking antiferantism.
It's either her or Gary Bettman.
By the way, they had two more meetings later.
Two more proposals they turned out last night.
Eight hours of meetings in Toronto.
The NHL, anything happened?
No.
They're going to play.
No.
Now, anybody here care?
No.
No, because it's opening day for baseball.
Who now would care about hockey when we got baseball?
What does that take me out to the Marlins thing?
Like, is that in bad taste?
Undertake.
No, I know what it is.
But I'm just, I almost played with him.
He's playing with Greg Cayman, huh?
On this show?
Yeah.
You can get anything in bad taste.
When Greg Cayman, he like, uh, screwed up the whole show
was usual.
I was just about to play it.
And now it's on the wrong line.
See what I mean?
Boy, he could mess up the Pope.
Oh, not at this point, I guess.
And it won't go back on the other line now.
Look at this.
No.
Nice going, Greg.
Here you be out to the ball and sing
a The Rapp music loud.
Inject my penis with crack hope.
Okay, like I said.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
That was great.
I told you I had a feeling.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, sorry, I guess we're not going to be taking
out to the Marlins.
How do you like that after all?
And now that we're no longer the facts you have
stationed for the dolphins, what are we going to do, huh?
Now that we're not going to give that $4.5 million to Wayne
to paint his ball spot.
Oh, that was beautiful.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I just moved to Miami and I'm pretty much
able to make sure to find you at a radio in order to find
something American.
Could you let me know?
Do you know whether or not English is still the primary language?
Absolutely.
And Dave Calday, you must be Dreamman, man.
Are you crazy?
Who talked you into moving to Miami?
So I had to come to him for a job, but now I'm looking
to relocate, man.
Yeah, Broward County, man.
There are at least 10 people that are speaking English.
But now, is it official that, I mean, does English,
English language is official place in public place?
English is banned in Dave County.
Absolutely.
All right, there you go.
I would like to, pal, I would not pack too fast.
I'm bad, I found you, man.
OK.
I'm ready.
Thank God for me.
OK, see you.
How do you like that?
It's time to move to Miami, unsuspecting poor bastard.
He didn't get the memo.
Now, do you, I bet you don't even have that Bob and Tom
but in here nobody speaks English?
Yeah.
I never had it in my hands or in the studio.
We don't have that discussion.
And you wouldn't feed it down to me.
You said, I forget about it.
How do I ever going to play that?
I know.
You got it from it.
From it from it.
From it.
Bob and Tom Visk that you only have up there in the head.
There has never been any studio.
Well, I've got to leave now.
See you.
Bye.
I mean, for that guy would have been perfect.
Wouldn't it have played that right now?
Nobody speaks English.
Would have been perfect.
Yeah.
Would have been, uh, perfect.
No, the perfect.
No.
He's a kind of the Pope.
5667 0560.
He's a kind to him.
Yeah.
Pound 5, but he has bigger feet.
Pound 560 on the horizon.
So I guess we narrowed it down to Gary Sarner,
PD Lenny and Fedport.
And John Gerrissett, he looked at my list and he said,
oh, I think PD Lenny, it sounds like him.
See, it's a lot easier to pick somebody who's not in the building anymore.
And it's probably right, but nevertheless.
It is obviously somebody obsessed with the show who's listening just nonstop.
I mean, 24-7.
25-8.
I mean, the four hours that were on live and then probably on tape just.
Over and over just, uh, obsessed.
That's the one thing I will say is that there are a lot of people in this building obsessed with me and the show.
And you're a part of that, of course, of course.
Which is not a good thing.
No, it's not.
It never has been for me.
That's why they hate you like the poison.
Because they don't, they don't have the guts to say to me,
oh, you're a piece of crap.
And by, unless it's an anonymous fact, you know,
right?
And if you don't like them, if you don't like them for some reason,
somehow, that's my fault.
Right.
Who is any of the waters?
You mean like, uh, George Corso?
Maybe that's why engineering won't do anything when you bitch about it.
But if I do it, I come in here and, uh,
I mean, you get extra bounty points if they aggravate me.
Oh, that's right. That's from Greg.
That's because Greg hates you.
That's, that's a whole different story.
I mean, that's, that's the bottom line of everything that goes on.
And we already, uh, Greg hates you.
Right.
So you just snooze with the ball and sort of suck up to the boss.
They have to like, uh,
ah, toward you.
And then he likes him a lot better.
You get brownie points, little bonus in the checks.
If you make a joke in a meeting about me,
I wonder if Sam's doing the payroll, by the way.
19 till noon.
That's about, that is not a joke.
I don't know if that is a serious, uh, outlaw,
thinking on my part.
I don't know what your, uh, laughing about.
When you shop for quality foodware,
I want you to get your ass over and your feet too
to brand these in pompano beach,
because it's a great story that I've been telling you about for years,
for a long, long time.
I've had just since brand these have been in town,
about 7,000, 50,000.
Maybe not 50.
Maybe we were about 30,000.
30,000 other shoe stores have come and gone,
but brand these are still going strong because they give you an unbeatable combination.
They give you a friendly personal service
to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
And that's important.
They give you the biggest selection of events of women's shoes,
name brands, shoes anywhere in town,
and unbeatable prices, all of these things,
what could possibly be not to like.
If brand these, they got all the top names in the shoe business,
rock ports, floor shine, SAS,
Spirit, Timberland naturalizer, and lots more.
And you could just about bed-grade reads life on it,
they're whatever style you pick out,
the urish size is on the shelf right in the slap on your feet right now.
Brand these is open every day.
Break 8, shoot.
Monday through Saturday from 99 and Sundays 10 to 5,
and you'll find them at 1290,
North Federal Highway in pompano beach.
It's always worth a trip.
And this week gets a great time to buy SAS at Brandes.
Take 20 to 40 bucks off,
all great men's and women's styles this week.
And don't forget the big Trump show all day tomorrow
and Thursday at Brandes.
So be sure to get your ass in the store this week
or do your shoe shopping on their website,
brandes shoes.com.
Wake up, show interest in this.
We've got to see our biggest personnel
and the only raw shirts on the vintage tentative.
Sports video fights at the feet.
She way here.
The Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening
to the hockey authority, Neil God.
All right, check one, too.
Well, thank you for coming.
I'm 50 cent.
And I'm the game.
We're here to put it into this violent rap war.
My call in the truth.
But, but, but, but,
truth.
I thought we was calling a cease fire.
Now, fool.
And those cease fires are true.
Your step off into cease fire.
It's a true cease fire.
True cease fire.
This fire is.
It's a long 45, five, 60, WQM.
We got Marlins day today.
It's opening day, maybe.
Oh, yeah, you just got a cracker jack, huh?
I think we got to play that.
We couldn't play that.
Take me out to the,
to the Marlins.
But we could play, uh,
where is that thing?
Was, is it under Harry?
Harry.
Harry, Carrie.
We're seeing it.
Take me out to the ballgame.
What is it?
What is it?
Who the hell are the Barredlets?
Exactly.
Where is that thing?
We're seeing the...
What the hell are you?
Oh, one, oh, oh, two, oh, three.
You're today.
We are to the ballgame.
Take me out to the crowd.
Absolutely.
Why be something interesting?
Why do you act?
I don't care.
But I have to get back all the truth.
We're through it for a while.
I would enjoy the last one, while...
If they go with it so shame...
You're fair.
Four and one, two, three.
Right, turn around and be old.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, leave it to Sherlock, while Wigg is in there to do it.
You're right.
See, I hadn't paid that much attention to the header on these effects.
But, yeah, recognizing that as instantly as I recognize the palm of my own hand.
The header on these facts is that it allegedly come from Lyle.
It's the same as the ones that come from Dave Friedman.
Pretty continuously.
A-K-A fat boys form a neighbor.
Hi, a-Polly!
A-K-A to when it calls up and we'll say about ten words and then go...
Hi, a-Polly!
We want to...
We want to have the facts of the day about how fat boys bring in a minute.
It's fat boy and Dave Friedman.
This is their hobby now.
They're a Lyle.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
They're all warm and...
I was going to play that...
...f***ing job, but I can't...
You don't have the remix in there.
I definitely don't plan what.
What?
I mean, there's a remix in there.
What?
You know, there should be two.
There aren't.
There are two in my, at these places.
No, there are two in here.
I'm sure you're not risking that.
No, don't risk it.
Especially after that, take me out to the Marlins thing.
You're the server, what they're doing?
Well, yeah, right.
P-nuts.
Or something.
It sounds like that.
That's what he said.
So anyway, it's a fat boy.
Okay, so we want to apologize to anybody else we thought it was.
Because we're positive at this point.
It's fat boy.
And you recall, of course, this is on the heels of him sending me that facts up there about...
Oh, you've been by...
I put up with your crap the last 10 years, and our sales people work so hard.
And how can we pick it up?
It's him.
It's fat boy.
So next time he comes anywhere near him, I'm going to take that walking stick...
Correct.
And that's where I'm going to stick it.
If we could find the candy in the crevice.
I'll bring some flour.
Yeah.
We found the candy in the crevice.
He probably eat it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the horizon.
Oh, it's great to be here, boys and girls.
Just briefly.
Just for a few days.
Just to get the taste to feel the smell.
Speaking of fat boy, the ambiance of this toilet.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, it says, yeah, another facts.
There are a bunch of facts, but it was such an exciting revelation.
Friend Resher was in Saturday Night Fever with the revolter and for the pool.
Don Johnson.
Well, he was good and the boy was dog.
And then he did Miami Vice, and we learned to hit him like poison.
And after that, he started calling him with Sam Major.
It says, I'd rather have cancer treatment than see that putza.
Jonathan plantation.
Okay, Jonathan.
Uh, uh, uh, Don Johnson.
Here's one that says this, uh,
P-Q-A-M, pole should go right to the top of the list.
Steven Siegel.
Siegel.
But I-
Siegel.
Jonathan Leviston.
Siegel.
Are you going to start with that van diesel stuff again?
That's a good choice, by the way.
I accept the movie where he got thrown out of the plane in the first 10 minutes was great.
That was great.
Uh, probably wasn't that movie.
Was he really?
Let's see what?
Steven Siegel.
Yes.
Well, good for him.
Here's one that says I was listening to the gambling channel about a week ago, or so, and
Jane Wells, who does- who's Jane Wells?
Never heard of it.
Does a segment called Biz Briefs was talking about a company that for the first time had
had a profit in 30 years.
BOTTERD MAN.
Your friend Ted David called out.
How many years was this?
You own she yelled out.
BOTTERD MAN.
Your influence is nationwide, baby.
How do you like that?
Is that incredible?
Of course Ted David is such a pussy there.
I'm going to try the gambling channel.
Hey, let me say it again Ted.
Happy a pay soft and you all belong in jail or in the gambling channel.
Now I want my money back.
As for your poll, Martin Short is the most annoying person with absolutely no talent beside
Moe.
It says here.
Oh my god.
As for him, here's another fact.
The Moe, here, the Moe, we-
Howard Fuboka.
It says from Anonymous.
Okay.
I love the revival of the Rogers versus David rivalry.
Oh, this must be from Greg.
Okay.
Muskrat love has no concept of the publicity you give him.
Keep it up.
And I hope Joyce vomits up her inside.
Oh, it definitely is from Greg.
And then it says, no it's not because it says, when is QM filing for chapter 11?
See, it was going well till the gut to that.
A week from Saturday.
In federal court.
Hey, things are kind of tough.
You know, if we had some real salespeople.
Oh, here's another one.
This is good.
Signed the staff.
That's what we haven't seen too many people.
They're all busily running around putting these as a faxies together.
That's what Jeff High walks with.
How come there is no one on any other station that goes on the way regarding your co-workers?
We all eat out of the same pot.
Now we don't even smoke the same pot.
How do you like that?
How about letting someone at another station speak of us the way you're talking about us?
We supposed to be like a family.
We supposed to be like a family.
What kind of grammar is that?
Neil, how about starting today if someone goes on the answer something about you that
is incorrect then, it is okay to rip them.
Remember, you're not perfect.
You make mistakes also.
Never happened.
I think that you don't do prep for your show so you just rip the staff in order to have
a show.
Enough is enough people are tired of you and what you do.
Do prep for a show sign the staff.
No, I read this in here and rip the staff.
That's definitely not from anyone on the staff.
No.
Outside.
In fact, you know who this is from?
I got it.
It's quickly Jerry.
I see.
By the way, the staff loves when you rip the staff.
Of course.
And the audience loves it even more.
And quite frankly, I'll do whatever it is how I want to do.
How do you like that?
In addition to which I was walking in here with a pile, I do more show prep for this
show than most of the other people I work for in this business put together.
But beside that, just putting the stories on the website alone is show prep.
Oh, brutal prep.
Yeah.
Scouring through 80's in the websites and then of course in here I have to put them.
I think I got rid of that thing for you by the way.
Really?
And I'm excited about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was either the spy bot or the Alexa that got rid of it.
I'm telling you.
I put that in one and you came back to one time.
I'll tell you that.
And since then it disappeared.
Nice going Neil.
Not only is he also does engineering in the spirit time.
Well, we got to survival.
Oh, so many good facts is coming over here.
Okay, Neil what's going on?
It says here.
Oh, which is this rich factor?
Yeah, it looks like his squirrel.
Yeah.
Led just like your okay's bill line people to meet force with force.
They flirted.
Led just like to approve the bill.
I would love people who feel threatened on the street in a bar and a ball game or just
about anywhere to meet force with force to defend themselves without fear being persecuted.
Prosecutor.
The measure at operative the National Rifle Association Florida this year passed the
house by a 94 to 20 vote today.
It already had passed the Senate now heads to fat ass governor Jeff Bush who was so far
to climb to say whether he'll sign it or not.
It essentially extends the right for writings already having a home or car saying there's
no need to retreat before fighting back.
Generally, people attack their homes don't have to back off.
If they're attacking the street, though, they're supposed to do what they can to avoid escalating
the situation can only use deadly force after they tried to retreat.
I'm sorry, people, but if I'm attacked, I shouldn't have a duty to retreat said the
bill sponsor Republican Dennis Baxley of O'Calla.
That's a good way to get shot in the back.
Baxley said that if people have the right to defend themselves without having to worry
about the legal consequences, Pimino also think twice before attacking somebody, opponents
say it'll make Florida like the wild, wild west.
The bill of sign by Bush would take effect October 1.
Don't like that handgun, bitch.
God, it's a good time to play it.
Yeah, it's perfect.
Sure.
In fact, maybe that bit inspired them.
It's better to go get it.
But it's several right now.
And I punched it up hand in here, guess which one came from the following.
It's a paid public service announcement from the International Foundation.
Let's face it, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scared their s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Probably.
Don't have enough money for fear?
All of the convenience store takes chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free of you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution to life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get these considered a population
control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
55QAM working our web today, pregame show with Mo, Mo 2-3-3 out of the ballpark for opening
day.
The Braves in the Amarlands today, any interest, gonna have like 50,000 plus people out
there.
It's a beautiful day.
Thanks for the good weather, by the way.
Usually when I come back, it's storming and it's the thunder and it is beautiful.
It is beautiful.
I did not bring it with me.
I left nasty horrible weather behind.
It's your cold heart.
It's cool that everything goes.
That's right, my cold heart.
Cool to down.
Mo 2, you got Marlins on deck at 330.
The debut of Roxy Bernstein.
There he goes again.
He's gonna start picking it up.
I haven't heard him yet.
I'm sure that when I go home from my dentist today, I do my dentist today.
I do my dentist today.
Dymist today, you know, all these doctoring out of the way while I'm here.
On the way home, I'll be able to hear Roxy Bernstein for the first time in the Amarlands
give you good, I mean, I already know about Dave Anborring.
He's just what he is.
You know, he can't help it.
Yeah, that's him.
So we got the Braves in Amarlands opening day at 405.
Gildey and Hollywood dog tracks seven o'clock tonight.
And then the indicate 10 is usual.
He is solid as a rock or is that rock solid?
That's also not in here.
Yes it is.
I put it in there.
What is that?
Put it in there this morning.
Well, where the hell is it?
Rock solid.
Oh, wait, you told me to put it in the drop too.
I see.
Oh no.
What did I say?
You are not gonna believe this.
I told you.
Okay, let me do the break.
Oh geez.
I am so observant, man.
I'm on top of it.
I hate suspense.
Okay, I'm gonna give you a hint.
Guess who has lung cancer?
When it comes to sport, we already have four sports.
We'll be in five, sixteen, two, three, six.
Bark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M.
Hey, for real.
By the way, son, I've been given it some stuff.
Oh, I didn't think it is.
I know that we are new to the new.
Much better go in six to ten and not in five.
A gentile and a cranky new.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You gotta have your weary bed.
It's not so tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the grassy together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a thief, but you too, a Brooklyn high.
I've been raped by a very body but you're not my type.
We involved in that with blow.
The way that is we had a fight that you'd survive.
We'd want to hear a gentile and push it tight.
That's graphing to tears.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Go with you and meet, for me it's much better six to ten and not five.
It's only right that I should get for sleep at night, I think we might.
We would like to get there, for meanwhile.
We'll wear these meantime, again.
We can't be together.
oh
No!
Provo 3, I'm curious.
I want you to ask me a question.
Is Jeff High Fad?
Is Jeff High Fad?
Yes!
He admits it!
Anyway, guess who's got lung cancer?
I give up.
I'm going to give you a hint.
Remember I was telling you when Dan Radsor left and I did body fever one day and he
did that oaky-doki in the field.
Right, oaky-fenoki and I said bye-bye, Bobby.
And I sampled around and I turned on ABC and I said somebody could barely speak.
Peter Jennings?
Right.
Peter Jennings, the Chief ABC News Anchorman for more than 20 years, has been diagnosed
with lung cancer.
Uh-oh.
And we'll begin our patient treatment next week than we've said today.
Jennings 66 has been feeling ill for the past several months.
It was replaced Saturday on coverage of the post-death by Anchor Charles Woodruff.
He's last Anchor in World News tonight on Friday.
Jennings informed ABC News staff that ignoses this morning said he'll anchor the broadcast
when he feels up to it over the next few months as he begins chemotherapy.
There will be good days in bed, which means some days that may be cranky.
Some days really cranky to ABC News, employees in the email.
Charles Gibson, who I cannot stand by the way, who is in Rome for the post-futorial
and Elizabeth Vargas will be Jennings' primary substitutes on evening news, guaranteeing
once again that I'll stick with something.
Who am I watching now?
The Rift East Face.
I saw John Robertson.
And now Bob Schiefer is his campaign to get that full-time job now, is he?
Yeah.
He wants him to say, oaky-doaky, for what?
I mean, how long can he last?
He's like 100, isn't he?
Few days.
But 30, man.
Jennings' first anchor at ABC News, cast for two years in the 60s with a Europe-based
correspondent for that work after that.
He started again as an anchor at ABC Tried a multi-anchor format in the 78th and then took
over to broadcast himself in 83th.
Peter Jennings has lung cancer.
Cancer sticks.
Heavy duty smoker baby.
Cancer sticks.
Here they put around.
Yeah, bokeh browns out there, we're puffin' away.
Idiot.
Make some little bit of thick voice.
Lunatic.
Maniac.
Let's see, here's one, Katie, I mentioned something besides spybot for creating spyware.
Yeah, well there's adware and adware.
There's a whole bunch of them to wear.
Spybot's pretty good.
Spybot's very good.
Yeah.
And it's free and it downloads in about three, four minutes and runs in about one or
two minutes every day.
I run it every morning.
And there are a whole bunch you can actually pay for.
Right, but why should you want to pay for it when you get it for free?
That's what this grant said.
I didn't help Tony in.
Well.
For a while.
Long while.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
She's not there.
Look at that picture of the sales department.
It's fat boy.
You're right.
We finally got it.
We finally saw, well I hand him pretty high and list anyway.
Sure.
I thought there was a good shot obsessed with the show.
And he had the nerve yesterday of being in here with that walking stick.
And I made some crack about, oh no.
And then he starts in with his silly stories about PD Lenny and his cat and about Skippy's
wife had a baby.
They'll come in here and you know, glad hand me and smile to my face.
You phony fat piece of turd.
Who now are you kidding man?
He's been taking my crap for 10 years.
The whole world has been suffering from your crap.
Why do you think they have that tsunami over there?
That's right.
He dove in over here.
Oh my god.
The shock waves that happen to the plates.
What?
That's right.
All those plates that keep shifting.
In fact, he's doing something that sounds like that.
And the plates keep shifting.
I don't want to say what he's doing.
I can't say it.
Joyce, you know what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
So if you let's get back to this poll, okay?
Oh, first, here's the fact that it says, if any of your listeners are interested in executing a Florida living will, they're available free, of course, on the Florida Bar website.
FLAbar.org.
Click on the consumer services link on the left.
It will offer several choices including the living will page directly to the page excessively long itself.
But you can have directly linked on your website with no problem.
The living will page of FLAbar.
Floridabar.org.
Wow, how do you like that?
Well, thank you so much for whatever this is.
Okay, let's take a few calls.
We got many, many names to get on this thing.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, what a friggin retard, Neil.
That guy, I guess I'm believe a boy.
Please don't have him into Jack's office show.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Come on, Neil.
What a look.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, when I used to live in New York, I used to know David Peel.
And he does a great song about O.J. Simpson.
And also...
Is this the guy that called me for about David Peel?
No, no, I only called about one, three, three, four, three, four.
Oh, thank God.
I thought we were getting a David Peel medley here.
No, that guy's a riot.
He's a total burnout.
But I also met Drew Barrymore.
And she said I was really cool.
Yeah.
And if they had a movie set going on on my street and Ludlow Street.
So as cranking music up, I really loved to disrupt it.
Yeah.
They got sick of that.
Well, if you were to turn the music down, let's see me Drew Barrymore.
Uh-huh.
And that was such a sucker to Tom, I know for it.
And I met her and she said, you're really cool.
And I turned the music down.
I've got a few grand for it.
About 30 men.
I heard the grand and meeting Drew Barrymore.
In fact, I'm going to say, just give me the 30 grand.
I'll pass, I mean, my 20.
I was young and impressionable.
Yeah, obviously.
Now I'm old and not impressionable.
Old and gay, gray.
Okay, thanks a lot, Polly.
Don't do it again.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60, and the Verizon Singular Ridosline.
It was fat boy.
First we thought it was Bob Zini.
And then we thought it was Tataglia.
And it was fat boy Allelong.
I don't know how you like that.
You type of crap you, okay?
They read the book.
Yeah, yeah, they read it.
And just a pimpe, it was high boy Allelong.
You're right.
That day Friedman, man, what a piece of work he must be, huh?
He has a wife, he does.
Hi, I'm Tally.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, I thought of a great polar word to describe you.
It can be said on the radio.
Yeah.
Full.
Yeah.
That's you a full.
Uh-huh.
That's right.
And you're a full, and it's clear by the way you behave.
Uh-huh.
Well, thanks for listening.
Yeah, thanks for listening.
Yeah, thanks for listening.
Okay, Christ is risen.
Thank you.
He's got a full.
He's got a full.
He's got a full.
So he's got a full.
That's a good question, and he's calling up to give me a little shot.
I don't believe his bullcrap.
Okay, do you?
Believe whatever you want, sweetheart.
Full.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, would it be possible to add Chiquil on Neil's fuel at the back?
Sure.
Chiquil on Neil, that's right.
He's very, very, very fantastic movies, yeah.
Yeah, like Chiquil on all the other side.
They're the great ones.
Right.
Thank you, Neil.
You have a great day.
And back to you.
Okay, don't be a fool now.
Thank you.
I'll show the place.
I'll show the place.
What does it just put Shaq?
That's right.
We're going to have to spell Chiquil on Neil.
You know?
It's becoming so confusing now, like with Ruben Sierra.
I mean, I do only person that's offended by that,
people just keep changing away.
Catherine Zeta Jones is now Catherine Zeta Jones.
Antonio Dorset became Tony Dorset, and it just goes on.
I mean, her case.
Talk about arrogance.
Now, talk about arrogance.
I'm not just.
I think that's the correct way to say her name.
Ruben Sierra.
You know anybody, if you ever hear of anybody named Ruben?
No.
I could understand if he was like a big superstar.
He's a bit ball player.
Everybody's easy like a big, and even then it would be.
I'm not.
Be more obnoxious.
Huh?
That would be like Alexa Rodriguez.
Although, if he don't push up a little bit in New York,
they might start calling him that.
Hey, Alexa, I got my Alexa toolbar.
It's 11 past, yeah, that's why everybody got that baby candy bar.
Right?
Right.
So what's wrong with her?
Alexa toolbar.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon.
You're a fool because you don't believe the same furry tales that I do.
He was good.
I liked him a lot.
The crisis risen.
Crisis risen.
And so is my sponge cake, yeah, yeast.
Hey, if your hair has risen, in fact, if it's fallen out,
the answer is a Chuck L. Feary.
Charlie, in fact, maybe I'll go over there this afternoon to pacify Fatboy.
Because he's a little bit taken aback by my bald head.
He's upset.
Charles has been helping the famous and the Nutsu famous look their best for over 30 years.
He even recognizes work when you see it because it looks like the real thing.
Not like some mousey looking piece that died on your head, but like real hair.
And the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline.
And Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100%.
Detectable.
See, you got the wrong one in there.
I do anyway.
And here you have not had to lose about that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look
ish, moot-ing, and so much older, by the way.
You try Charlie's system for a month for about 30 days.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting more action than Rob Blow in a men's room, then make the call.
And we just send it back.
Say, hey, here's your hair back, Charlie.
It ain't working for me.
But I guarantee you it will.
And when you make that call, tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Near Riders Show
and you get you a special $200 discount off the already low price of $800 bucks on that natural hair line system.
It's the best looking piece in the universe.
So you got a choice.
You want to look like a silly person wearing a muskrat or you want to look like a man's younger
and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
The choice is yours.
If you choose the latter, make that call.
Call Charles Alphieri Tool Free 1-800-3-124-13.
That's 1-800-3-124-13.
We're on the Wicked Wild Web.
It's CharlesAlphieri.com.
And don't forget when you call Charlie say,
Hi, Fowie!
When it comes to entertainment, it's real riders.
It's real riders.
It's a big day.
It's 4-20-5-16.
It's a big day.
It's a big choice.
That's a big day.
It's a big choice.
It's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
That's a big choice.
Girls, you're the man that wouldn't think that high.
She know how to make them all live right.
Hours are broken.
That's that chase.
She's the shoutin' out.
We need the skit to rock on the tower.
Oh, I know.
Hey, what?
Hey, what?
I have no idea.
That's a big choice.
Krish!
Hi, Polly!
Krish!
Krish!
Wow, I think we've solved it.
So, Fatboy calls it on the inside liner for George during last break
and just vehemently denies that he was the Lyle.
And out's the fact that it was Gary Sarner done it.
That was incredible.
Well, I guess he had out the real culprit, right?
Right. He said it was definitely Gary Sarner.
Right?
Right.
Well, there you go.
Hi, Tally!
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Here's a fact from James who says how about adding Craig Kilborn to the pool
and if you like Bacon so much check out baconhorrors.com.
Craig Kilborn does movies.
That's what it says here.
I don't think so.
Oh, look.
I doubt it.
What is BaconHours.com?
I guess during the next break I'll have to look that up.
Well, probably some kind of a pornographic disgusting.
Probably something to do with Fatboy.
And Gary Sarner.
Here's another one for you by the way before you are.
Are you Googling?
I'm Googling.
Yeah, that's right.
Tom Cruise.
Okay.
Which I would agree with that.
I'm getting really tired of that Tom.
You're fairly.
Yeah, I'm getting really sick of him.
He just, in the beginning he was fine.
He was doing some good movies.
A few good men.
He was in, what else did we like?
Rainman.
What did a good movie has he ever been in?
Board of the Fourth of July.
Board of the Fourth of July, he was excellent.
That's right.
And that was it.
Oder Nett if I never see him again, it'll be too soon.
Hey Tom.
You're fairly.
I guess he's been in the three-
Three-kill-boy movie.
Or even three movies that are all bad.
So you better put him on there.
They hate him.
Like Poison, I wish he would die.
They wish that he would get Peter Jennings lung cancer instead.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm Tony Obadames.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir, Mr. Collar.
Your show has taken a good 10 years of my life.
I've missed your show in my worst days in smiles.
But you've gone way too far.
Yeah.
Speaking about the Pope that way.
Uh-huh.
And now, I'm hoping.
I use it real voice instead of like this.
Bad fake voice.
Bad fake voice.
Oh, that sound like Reverend Jones, sir.
Every time we get to serve, yeah.
Bad one.
Try a new one.
WDQAM, hello.
Or Galeo.
By the way, I got a present for you, Reverend Jones, when I'm at Pomano Park.
I got a baseball bat for him.
I'm going to give it to you personal.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead, Liz.
Yeah, Lou.
Give it to him personally.
Anyways, Ruben Sierra.
Ruben.
Sierra.
He's trying to be Spanish.
Is it with a green tooth mafia?
Let me answer this question.
Do you know anybody, uh, Espanol, who say it, Ruben?
Ruben, yeah.
Everybody is Spanish.
Ruben my ass, man.
Kiss up, peeling.
Ruben my ass.
Ooh, it's a little bit.
Yeah.
Wow.
Prepaeach.
That is pathetic.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Call you still the reason why you're not.
That was good.
And so is our pound cake.
WQAM, hello.
I'm going to get all the way over here.
Okay, sir.
What are these religious scholars?
I tell you, they're killing me.
Yeah, they're killing me, too.
They're probably your killing Jesus right now again.
The power of crunch compels you to put a bullet in your head.
That's what Jim Bush said in reverse.
And again, I said you got to believe.
Oops.
I got a question about spot-bond.
I had it on my computer.
I'm going to give it a challenge.
Yeah.
It doesn't help.
We can move the source of pop-ups or...
It removes the spyware.
Yeah, it removes the spyware.
But it's not a pop-up blocker.
If you want to, good pop, there are all kinds of pop-up blockers.
But Lexus is a good pop-up blocker.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I don't know a hotpot.
H-O-T hotpot is a good pop-up blocker, too.
Hotpot.
B-O-T.
Yeah, B-O-T.
Hotpot.
Hotpot.
Okay.
And what is the spybot, too, exactly?
It removes the sources of spyware.
Like all this crap, this extraneous crap that keeps sneaking in.
You'd be amazed how much of that crap is in there.
Because when I put it in the only space, it looks like some of our key problems will come from there.
Run it every day, just automatic.
When you fire up your computer in the morning or whenever you do, just run it every day automatic.
And it's a good deal.
And delete, then, immunize.
Right.
That is pop-ups, I tell you.
I'm talking to you.
And you know what, you're putting it in my hand.
It's not smooth.
Okay.
If you want to use Firefox, I'm going to say it again.
Mozilla Firefox, you won't get any pop-ups.
You won't get any viruses.
You won't have to run all of this stuff, because you won't have any problems.
Every once in a great while, I pop-up.
Firefox?
I never had one.
Yeah.
Maybe one.
It was only a little more than a while.
Maybe one.
Right.
I think it was a Ruben's Sierra pop-up band.
Is that...
They don't really say that.
Ruben.
Is that the Julio thing?
How would I know?
What do you mean, how would you know?
Oh, I just thought you were talking about the sports guy.
No, no.
I mean, is that it?
You must say...
Ruben.
Yeah, that's what you say.
Ruben.
Now we're going to have to let Nizle, Latino ball players, is that it?
I guess they want their names pronounced.
So like, Alex Rodriguez, they don't say Alex.
How would you say Alex?
Alejandro.
Alejandro Rodriguez.
There you go.
That's good.
Alejandro.
He's a ballerina.
I mean, cut the crap.
In fact, that John Miller, you know, I don't...
I'm not a big John Miller fan.
I heard the mad dog that they're going on.
I'm not a big John Miller fan at all.
I don't like to fake.
He's still fake.
There was a stolen base in the game in the kitchen.
There was a...
Say that...
That's only that stage fake.
Nothing is excited.
He really means it.
And it's so obviously fake.
It's like a fake orgasm.
You know, who wants to hear that?
And of course, Joe Morgan.
I mean, man, you talk about somebody with naked pictures.
But hey, if that's the best we got, is Joe Morgan and John Miller.
What does that tell you about the state of sports casting today?
Wow.
Harry is turning over in his grave.
See?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
I want to hear that Roxy Bernstein.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
You got Microsoft's Got a Spireware program there, too.
They do?
Yeah.
Everybody in their brother's business, I guess.
Works pretty good.
Give it a shot.
Okay.
Later.
Thanks.
Microsoft's got a Spireware program.
There's only about how many thousand of them...
30, man.
But I'd run a man.
Get all that crap off of there.
Because once, especially once you get one of those viruses in there, see, that's...
If you use Firefox, you're never going to have a virus.
Right.
That's what I use on my laptop.
Never had any Spireware.
Never had a virus in my life.
How many months ago?
I told these people months ago about Mozilla Firefox.
Sure.
It's three times faster than...
I don't care how lightning fast your computer is.
It's three times faster than Internet Explorer.
I'm telling you that right now.
Sure.
And Explorer, for some...
I don't know what it is, but on a lot of computers Explorer just seems to create a lot of problems.
It's because it has a lot of features and options in that.
So it's big.
Yeah.
And so once something has a lot of features and more options, just like any other piece of equipment.
See, if I could put my Alexa Toolbar in there, which is designed for Explorer,
is that compatible with Firefox?
So if I could put it on the Firefox or something equivalent to use for sending emails to Eric and Josh and so on,
I get...
I just delete Explorer.
I mean, you can't get it out of your computer because it comes with it.
But I would just delete the icon.
Just not...
You know?
Who would use it?
Right.
Somebody, what's to rank?
WDQAM, hello.
How about many of me on New York's territory.
Eric.
Eric.
Eric.
Every once in a while.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I'm the guy who called you a couple of weeks ago with the...
Call me Word.
It's having less than...
I might of called?
No, the Italian lesson, remember.
The Italian lesson about One.
The Italian lesson about One.
and stuff. I wanted to tell you that Rueben is the way you pronounce Rueben in Spanish.
Rueben? Rueben? Yeah. Rueben? Yeah. Rueben all start. Why do we have to speak up in a name like this?
Maybe he just wants to change the way he pronounce the name of Rueben.
What about Tony Dorsett? What ethnic background is that? Besides Dirk?
How about Patrick Sir Tann? Yeah, and there you go. Patrick Sir Tann. That's another one.
I wonder if they're dumping his ass out of here.
And also, very terrible is Kiyavo. I mean, in Italian it means slave.
I'll be damned. Isn't that appropriate, huh? She was slave to that.
She was slave to that. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, it's pronounced Kiyavo. Oh, yes, correct.
Yeah. Okay. Have a nice day, Neil. I'll read it there, too.
Bye. Ciao. I still awake. Oh, I see. I knew he was a communist after all.
Dorsett, you start with that Rueben. He's stuff, man.
It is so sad. Really sad. It just is.
One dimensional people at Old Greentooth crowd in Dave County, you know, never going to change its all, you know, from...
Let me say it again, but Tista was a criminally, was a crook. He was a gangster. He was in Bebunala, gangsters.
They were giving him big, briefcases full of money, man. Cash, multi-udges.
Sure. I said, sure. Yeah. Michael. Right. He finally got to it.
He was even worse than freaking fat boys. Hi, Italian. And that's saying a lot.
When it comes to sports and very fun, we knew it was you, Gally. We knew it was you.
We're 20516.
You're way here.
For David's the bitch.
Hi. I'm Dr. Neil Clarksaro, founder of eBaloney.com.
If you've tried other dating services and have been disappointed, maybe it's time you lowered your expectations.
At eBaloney.com, we realize that the best relationships are based on lies and deception.
Sure. I love snagwin' on the announcement of what you're gonna lie for time.
That's why we base our matches on 40 individual personality questions, all of which allow you to lie your ass off.
From one to three nine hundred and fifteen pounds and a deco.
Wow, I like that image of actually saying.
Find your true love. Log onto our website and get your personality profile of $50,000 value.
Absolutely free at eBaloney.com.
Oh, I'm not married.
I was speaking of baloney. Can't Halberton faxes me. Not about baloney necessarily, but about that diet.
Okay, email me.
And says Michael Thurmond diet six week makeover provita.com. Better do a Google on it.
Pro Vita, PROVIDA. Provita.com. See what it's all about.
That's what I've been on the everybody is doing. That's kid Halberton from National.
I'm always by the way, my good close personal friend with here. Not quite as short as mine.
Oh, look at this. Thank you for your purchase of spyware doctor from PC tools. Wow. Not exciting.
Okay. That was the one that I couldn't get to work as a matter of fact. So no thank you.
Anyway, here's the site. And what does it say? Lou's weight, reshape, live healthy.
Yeah. Well, it's got a bunch of crap to read. Home products, customer service. They got products.
Oh, they have products by the products. That's what I said from herbal life by the products.
What? And what is all this crap on my email here, man? This is only since I'm sitting in this room.
I got crap, crap up the old earlobe 5.670560. How are we doing with that pull? I guess I better get off of my email.
I was actually looking for bacon hores and there ain't nothing on there. What?
You're talking with your mic off again. I forgot to look that up.
I see you blame the engineering department on that in here when you're talking with your mic off and there ain't no problem with that switch yet.
No, well, the light bulbs don't work, but it doesn't really. Of course not. Look, you want to look?
Mic's on? Lights off. The bulbs don't work in there? Well, what kind of crap is that?
Normal. You know, I want it seriously. This business with these silly ass taxes is maybe very amusing to some people.
I don't give a crap what anybody says. I have never seen such a bunch of shifless lazy do-nothing clowns.
And that's not everybody. There are a lot of people who are building some hard work or well, some.
But, you know, as far as engineering is concerned, you can't complain about the job they do because they don't do one. It's just shocking.
How can all the lights be out on the board in there? How do you know when that mic is on?
Yeah, that way. Oh, well. We start talking and hope you hear yourself back.
Now, I'm going to tell you that's fixing. He better get his ass in here out between now and show tomorrow morning and get that thing straightened out.
What are lazy bunch of slackards they are? And you're in here tell me how great they all are for these people I'd ever met before.
I did. Yeah. The stuff he's a good guy. They have them working doing something, doing what?
Doing anything but this studio that has to do with the show is that what it is? How about your Corso wrote those notes?
Not even. You know, he didn't hear yesterday getting this computer all straight enough.
Was George Corso? Yes. Get out of here. Working with it. Make it clear that I could do all of the things that I'm going to do.
Your corset was in there doing that? Yeah. That is incredible.
Does you know what it has to do with this show? Specifically. Wow. Well, of course, he's the one that got us out in the first place.
See how you turn on people. He was the one that worked feverishly to get us out here when Greg turned tail and went off to Chicago that time.
And by the way, Greg, you and Maddie, I hope you have an ice launcher too. Hope you're paying for it all the way down it.
Probably going to that Suchi place. They're paying for it. For what?
Look at this. What are all these all this email? What the hell is all this crap coming on here? I don't get this at home. It must be here, huh?
WQAM. Hello. It's Neil. Hey Neil. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, next week radio's new emergency alert signal is going to be. That's not even the guy. That's more than that.
And mode is a better takeoff on the original guy. That was pretty weak pal. Pally. Hi, Pally. WQAM. Hello. Good afternoon. Are you okay?
Interview puts out a spy subtract program. It's pretty good. Although you have to pay for it. And you use it every other day or every day. It's pretty good though.
And then you just do a history deletion on the computer. Takes care of most of the spyware, which is really pretty in city. I think spy boss pretty good. It is. It's good, but spyware is very good.
I mean, it's five out of three. And of course, most of these people are freeloaders. So keep that in mind. Right. The guy I don't know if you put them on, it would probably sure.
I wouldn't want to polish or move on. I moved up to a very respectable third place. By the way, he's right on Mel Gibson's back.
I would put on you know, I got to tell you Gibson's become really anxious lately. I agree with you. But there was a movie toward me. It's going to call man with half a face.
Yeah. Yeah. I liked that. That was very good. It was fine. He's got the ability to do good stuff. But for real.
I don't want to admit that he's made several good. Yeah, but on a personal as somebody I know would say on a visceral level, he just. He just makes me nauseous.
Yeah, well, he got to be a classic. He said crazy right when he's off. He's not. He's absolutely. Even a pope was enversed by him, I think. He was. Although I still think the pope had some stones for standing up to the commies, but beyond that, you know, he was all over the place. I agree.
He was all over the place and mostly in the wrong place. Okay. Have a great day later. Yeah. No, no, no, no. I don't. I'm keeping hearing that. I don't understand. Stop. Stop.
He funneled him some money. I think not not a lot about. To the solidarity movement. I like to see he's given some pocket change and they got up and said, company is that coming? You know, and I was that.
Of course, Hitler hated to come in as two. I know like poison. I would like hard rival. Absolutely. And then if he would realize that you law was going to be in there, I never would have gone into Russia. No, I see that was his downfall, man. I'm telling you, if he wouldn't realize that law, you law. Right. You know, I liked you law, but he's starting to get a little time.
He's like in too many day movies. You know, I mean, he's in a lot of movies. Very good. Most of the movies he's in is very good, but he's just starting to do a little bit too much work to make me happy. Take a vacation, dude. Yeah, take some time off. Jude. Judas. Hey, Jude.
W.A.M. Hello. Was that a little raspberry there in the end soon? No extra charge for that. That was good. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, yes, sir. I think it was the phone. Uncle Neil. What is it? Can I speak to Uncle Neil? You're speaking to him. Who do you think is answering this?
Anything George is going to talk to you people? You got to be dreaming. We're live. We're live. Live. Live. I went about 80 minutes delay. Yeah. You're a good man. Yeah, I am. Hey, the pub smoke still. Yeah. Is that like a bulletin? No. Okay. Good. W.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. What's going on? How are you doing, sir? Good. How are you today? Good. Good. Good. I'm out. How are you today? Better than tell him not as good as others. Definitely not as good as you. How do you know that? Maybe I'm like, you don't know.
I'm not a good actor. Well, actually, I'm doing pretty good today. I'm sorry. I know where the dentist opening day, but I know you don't know. It's opening day. I forgot. Oh, Neil God. Hey, I'm doing me favor. Put me on hold so I can listen to you. No, no chance.
Five six. We got too many people trying to call in with important names for our actor actress. Gross out the list. Okay. Put me on hold. My ass.
I'll go get the glove. I've got a big pair of hands. 20 to 1. A QA. I mean, by the way, fat voices Gary Sarner done it.
What he said. We've got the biggest personnel.
Now I need more.
I need more.
QA. Yeah.
Boy, look at the time. There's a court session to get to.
I'll try to rush it. But my laptop needs to remove.
Clean up my hard drive.
Leave no evidence behind. I've got to hit me.
Leave. Remove fires and cookies.
We're back in love. I've been watching you.
Oh, my.
Downloading.
I'm watching you.
Oh, my.
It's why you're late today.
Okay. I'm just going to tell the spirit of Christ.
I'm just going to tell you the reason I started it by Matthew Cross, PhD, who was a
Theologian and President of the University of Creation, Spirituality, and
Creating California. Okay. Got it. Sounds like a cult.
How about you, Papa? Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Some reflections on the recent papacy of John Paul,
Juan Ros Paulo's deuces.
While the media responds profusely to the telegenic Pope who just passed away,
while he accomplished some good things, just such as taking a stand against the
Iraq war and against capital punishment and against the idolatry of consumerism,
I really do believe that history will not be kind to this Pope.
This Pope and his self-appointed German mafia headed by Cardinal Ratziger will have to face the judgment of history and very
Lately got also over issues that include that are not limited to the following.
A preoccupation with morality as sexual issues, even when the morality is deeply flawed,
I include the following examples.
They're forbidding of one billion Catholics worldwide to practice birth control,
even while the human population explodes at the seams.
They're forbidding of the use of condoms even in time when AIDS is killing individuals
and whole populations the world over.
The headlong pursuit of Augustine's theology of sexuality, in other words,
all sex must be legitimized by having children.
Ugly attacks in the Pope's name against homosexuals and the completed gnawing of what science and professional
psychological associations have learned about homosexuality, for example,
that it's a natural phenomenon for 8 to 10% of any given human population,
as well as over 406 non-human species.
He admits it!
Other attacks include documents against yoga, against Buddhism,
calling it atheism, against feminist philosophers, against women,
girls cannot serve at the altar, nor can women be priests, and against theologians in general.
Priest therefore didn't use the pronoun she forgot of the altar.
A prolonged effort to render fascism fashionable, this includes the rushing into canonization
of the card-carrying fascist priest, who founded the Opus Day movement,
even though this man actually praised Adolf Hitler, and also denounced women
and has been accused of sexual abuse of six young men who were still alive today.
The taking of Opus Day under the hand of the papacy,
granting it legitimacy and power within and without the Catholic structure.
The conscious destruction and systemic dismantling of the liberation theology movement,
and the very vital basic communities that spawned in Latin America in particular,
a move which has opened up Latin America, and an onslaught of Pentecostal and right-wing religious hostoring.
The demise of the Catholic Church in Latin America is now well underway.
Pentecostals are sweeping away the population, now that this papacy with the encouragement and support of the CIA
has destroyed liberation theology and replaced it with Opus Day vishops and Cardinals.
The effort to eliminate theology and replace it with ideology by spreading fear among theologians,
the expulsion from the priesthood of three prominent theologians, on three continents in the 90s,
sent fear into the ranks of theological thinkers since.
Those three theologians are Leonardo Baut from Latin America, father Eugene Derman from Germany,
and myself in North America.
The sorry appointment of ideological yes-men is Vishops and Cardinals,
and with it the scandalous pedophile pre-situation, where the scandalous less about individual priest crimes
than about the cover-up of those crimes, by churchmen who, lacking either moral integrity or intellectual smarts,
move these criminals from parish to parish and from diocese to diocese.
One legal commentator points to a Vatican document on dealing with pedophile priestess
and international conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Three close bishop friends of this pope in Europe were themselves forced to resign for sexual misconduct.
Even more curious is the elevation of one key American churchman, Cardinal Law,
head of the Boston Archdiocese, where the US pedophile scandal first went public,
to a plum parishes on an enrolment this past year.
The rigid sticking to celibacy as a requisite for being a priest,
as well as the requisite of having exclusively male genitals,
means fewer and fewer Catholics have access to this accruements,
and fewer and fewer persons are drawn to study after the priesthood.
The attendance in mass on Sundays and San Francisco alone is plummeted 70% during this pope's reign.
As a result of his policies, the demise of the number of practicing Catholics in the northern countries,
including Ireland, and US continues unabated.
In a few years, two-thirds of parishes in Germany will have no pastors and no eucharistic celebration.
Already 1400 priests in Germany are from outside the country,
and the number of new priests are a day and there is dropped from 366 in 1990 to 161 today.
The average priest worldwide is over 60 years of age.
The raising of the papacy to a colder personality aided and abetted by the faunaimedia.
Speaking of the faunaimedia, this papacy granted a man of conscience award to Rupert Murdoch,
who the year after he got the award divorced his wife of many years to marry a younger woman.
The Holy Spirit is far smarter and forward-looking than any papacy,
unless this destruction of Catholicism has passed, may well be the spirits who are creating a flatter playing field for deep eucalyptic ecumenism and interfaith in the future.
How do you say that?
Sounds good to me.
Meanwhile, though many good Catholics are deeply hurt and alienated from their church,
there are a lot more recovering and practicing Catholics out there,
and little leadership appears on the horizon since this pope's appointments and policies have stifled so much talent and blockaded so much potential for intelligent faith.
When I think of this pope, I think of a hardworking priest who came to see me a year ago from Southern California.
He cried as he told me how all the budget for a ministry to the poor was being cut to pay for a big new cathedral and for a priestly misconduct.
He himself was close to leaving the priesthood.
I think of another priest who came to me three years ago who was the person who actually ran his entire diocese on behalf of his bishop.
He was at his wit's end with the hypocrisy and lies emanating from Rome, he knew many secrets.
Rather than leave and rather than play the game, he quit his position and diocese,
now that this pope has passed let readers reflect on the seriousness of these matters and pray for this pope.
I, for one, would hate to have to face my creator with a track record like this one.
Very good.
Yeah, I do like that, huh? Just the tip of the iceberg.
Oh, but he really stood up to the communist and pulled him there in the Berlin Wall.
See, all you got to do for the public out there for the masses is just repeat a few trite cliches and that takes care of it all.
It washes all this other stuff away.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Yeah. They were showing a baptism on here, then.
They were showing this white...
Yeah, it might have been a scene in the Godfather.
Nothing in the Godfather in the stomach.
When he was a... Yeah.
When he was Godfather, the kindy's baby.
Do believe in one guy, the man.
Right.
And there's spiritual water.
And I thought to myself, how is it possible that you're 2005?
Mm.
How can mankind be so stupid and continue doing these idiotic rituals and all?
Oh, but he was baptized in the name of the Father.
I mean, please crack your please.
Because the water is magical.
Oh, is that what it is?
Magic water.
Remember the exorcist?
It's tap water.
It's tap water.
Ah, gotcha.
It's tap water.
I didn't like the gal.
Then there was only tap water at Burns.
It was a real head turn of that in fun with Satan.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
A nail.
Yes, sir.
Got another one for your poll.
Okay.
Owen Wilson.
Owen Wilson.
You know what that is?
I know.
I did.
I think Shanghai Knife with Jackie Chan.
Oh, one of those.
Yeah.
You see, the normal menstrual movement is got a giant nose bigger than three other people.
Owen, he looks like seated crew is on a bad day right.
Yeah.
And now that the pope is dead, the Catholic church is going right down the tube.
Tube.
Oh, that's bad.
That's what that article said.
I just read it.
It's going right down the tube.
Here's the fact that it says from when?
One of our chronic regular facts here says.
Can I ask you a question?
Can I have a break it to 1240?
Yes.
You sure?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm going to cross it out.
The one with Treasure Island?
Yes.
Is that the one that said it?
It's a book of Brian.
No, that's a redo.
Oh, I know that.
It's just being costacus usual.
This being a core bastard.
It says along the lines of Rebenzi or Antepetra Sur Tan.
Recently, I've heard a couple of news anchors pronouncing Prince Reneer as Prince Reneye.
Reneye?
Reneye.
That's dark.
Reneye?
Renoir.
I don't know.
Prince Reneer.
Sure.
We don't do foreign pronunciations.
We do say Mauritius de Vallier.
We don't call him Chevelier.
Chevelier.
Right?
Right.
And we don't call him Morris.
Although the Bee Gees, it was Mauritius de Vallier.
Morisse.
Morisse.
Morisse.
The cat.
Not Maurice.
I said Maurice today that he croaked on it.
The choked on it for the guy that's singing is a...
Chew!
Remember?
Yeah.
...some blockage in his shoe for meeting that big Mac.
Oh, I got to play that.
No, I did.
That is great.
That is such a classic...
Oh, insensitive.
Cool.
Yeah.
Quick smoke and smoke.
Okay, we need you that a couple of months.
Years, whatever.
I can put it.
I was standing there one day.
Not thinking I was dying.
From being able to make do the good news.
I should ever keep making downloads.
A big, back-lose, big, drop inside my bowels.
Chew!
How can you find from the fact that bars?
You're not these much of doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You should set my mind for my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami.
With the kind of service you've given in this town.
I would have to leave too far alone.
If I didn't mean that well, I'd swallow.
Why can't you let me so you can laugh?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
My bowels look locked.
Inside my hiding.
Can make my birds go round.
Welcome.
It's good, bad, just good, bad.
It's good, bad, just good, bad.
You fare well.
I think George even likes the BGs.
Oh, he's the BGs of life.
He admits it.
560.560 on the horizon.
I've heard that and I said to myself,
that has got to be the most stonage, the most idiotic.
I mean you talk about a stay old fart.
You know, it tries to pretend to be hip and cool.
And he's talking about props for this one.
And props for pops.
You're about as cool as a frog's fart, sweetheart.
By the way, speaking of hand, Mo will be out of the ballpark.
It gave G stands of course for G.
G.
And maybe you want to ask him if Neal admits it.
Or maybe he'd like to rub my ballspot.
I think that's what it is.
I think he's got the supermendous rubber band together.
No thing.
Fire.
Mo at the G.
It's the formalins opening day 2 to 330 to staff.
No immediately.
Finally, the show is we get into baseball, baby.
Any interest out there?
Oh, yeah.
They're all whipped up because it's opening day.
Even the Kathy Willow's house opening.
Of course, that was every day.
And then we got the marlins in the braves at 405.
The pregame is at 330.
And Gildey and Hollywood dog track had seven o'clock tonight.
That should be a real...
Wow!
I heard their first race is going to be real squeaker.
In fact, they're all going to be close.
When Gildey's at the track, all the race are squeakers.
Here's the fact that it says Matthew McConaughey.
Okay.
Okay, just to see if he can spell it right.
Well, you can always Google it.
Or not.
It's a case, maybe.
It's just like it says.
Anyway, here is what we got so far.
We got a lot of votes on here.
750-5.
Not too bad.
We're not like pushing it, pumping it, squeezing it.
One actor actress, Betz-Fist-Dis.
I won't ever see movie if this person be in it.
J-Lo!
Holy cow, she's got a stranglehold on it.
226 for that fat ass bitch.
Mel Gibson 96.
Although Paulie Shore...
Well, Paulie's falling back a little bit.
Mel's got no 90, excuse me.
Paulie Shore 76.
Ben Affleck 45.
Junior Roberts 40.
Oh, come on.
Poor Julia.
Richard Gear 33.
You think the...
a gerbil has to pay admission?
No, I think he gets a...
You think it's a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
a...
and a...
and a...
and a...
and a...
and a...
the...
double rags and little mugs and Green tapered under  landlows....
At April Fools, we're not afraid to tell you there's really no oil shortage.
In fact, half of our wells are shut down, and we've got refineries running at less than
half their capacity.
Why?
So we can charge more, of course.
At April Fools, we don't care if our stations are colorful and well-lighted, because you're
gonna pay whatever we charge.
At April Fools, we believe in the law of supply and demand.
We've got the supply, so we make the demands.
So remember, the next time the president tells you we have to invade a Middle Eastern
country, which will under a endangered wildlife in a national park.
Oh my god.
It's because of us.
We're April Fools, a division of Shobron Oil.
That's right.
You know, when you're at nearest gas station, hook up the old tube.
Right, went and out sucks some gas out.
Siphons him out of another car, because that's the only way we're gonna be able to afford
to do it.
And number two, give a sharpened tube.
Right.
And then suck.
Gasoline extends record climb.
Oh my god.
Thank you, Mr. President, for these incredibly low gas prices.
What will we do without you?
Gasoline prices continue to climb.
Today, extending a trend that has seen one record price after another.
Well, I gotta get some new outfits for those schmackheads over there in Saudi Arabia,
you know?
More bleach.
And across the dry clean those things is through the roof.
The average price of a gallon of regular, unloaded gas rose to $2.20, according to AAA.
On average, guys, prices are highest in Hawaii.
$2.45 for gallon of regular, unloaded in New Jersey, the lowest, $2.02.
Oh, what a bargain.
Let's go to Jersey.
Ooh, it stinks.
The previous high reach before the latest run-up was $2.05, note at May 26.
According to a weekly survey of service station by one, of course, keep in mind, wait till
you're this.
The energy and for makes administration says prices are expected to keep rising through
the Memorial Day holiday in late May, the beginning of the busy U.S. summer driving season.
Great.
That's when they really get to, when they know you've got to drive a lot of these.
Yeah, we should gouge.
Just gouge the hell out of you and just rape your wallet and take away your life.
Every dime you got and give it to the friggin' Arabs.
That's what they want to do to band our bush and all of his buddies.
And this is what you wanted, just like Michael said in God 5 of 3.
This is not what I wanted.
What the hell?
Don't ever give an order like that again.
Understood?
The best is Connie, which she's like, finally.
Yeah, finally.
After a little grudging.
Maybe the out of fear you.
W.D. Q.I.M. Hello.
Good.
Good.
Good to see you.
How are you doing?
Keanu Reeves.
Can't stand the guy.
He's a fabulous choice, sensational choice.
Thank you.
He gives me wild diarrhea just thinking about him.
Keanu Reeves.
Oh, he was.
He was in a good movie where he played like, was one of those thriller, chiller movies and
he was up on the rooftop and he had the girl tied up in a hotel.
What that was that movie?
I don't know.
It was good.
Was it?
Yeah.
Well, he was the evil evil doer.
I'll watch it for free.
W.D. Q.I.M. Hello.
I hail.
Yes, sir.
What's the going rate for George?
W.D. Q.I.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
John Claude Van Dam.
John Claude Van Dam.
I mean, he's old and burnt out, man.
Old and tired.
He's kind of like Arnold, you know?
Was he ever in any good movie?
No.
No.
5667.
05.60.
05.60.
I don't interject so much, by the way, on the Verizon app.
And singular wireless line.
I bet your man he bell wrote the line for that broad, I call you a say.
He probably feeding her the material.
Get him off the air.
Get him off.
He's talking about eating that again.
I get him off.
Random.
Nume yesterday.
Did you really?
Random.
I would if you'd said you ran over, but I'd give you an award.
Give me the lollipop.
He says he likes me a lot.
He's so full of crap.
Yeah.
See, you know, I want to tell you something like Fat Boy, same thing.
See, if certain people, if they wanted to come in and say, you really mean what you
say about me, I'd be more than happy to say yes.
You know, right?
I mean, I'm here just for a few days.
Like Sonny, her in the market said, not for a long time, just for a good time.
But so I'm trying to get along with everybody.
Most of the people I like, they like me, whatever, and different who cares.
But if somebody came in here, I find detestable and obnoxious and disgusting, like the
watermeltsy, which he would never do that.
But if she did, I'd say, get out of here, bitch.
Go, go make the log.
That's something like that.
But she knows where she stands in my book, and I know where I stand with her.
Might be low.
And that's fine.
But people like, how about I would Greg the same thing?
You just call me that before.
Right.
It's the same thing he comes in and schmoozes with you and slaps you on the back.
He's giving you the fist, the wrist, the Italian salute, everything.
But I believe Maddie.
Why?
I don't know.
I just do.
Bad move.
Okay.
Bad move.
All right.
No, remember what it says?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I wished there was variables for translated topieces Pantalunis.
The Young Man, not only... How many?
The Young Man, not 24 told jurors in Jackson Shabball Station, as Jake Trial that the first incident of place when he was about seven years old.
About seven years old, at Jackson's department Heideway and hollywood the young man that he told nobody about what happened until he was thirteen,
about two years after his mother stopped working for Jackson,
when investigators looking at other allegations against Jackson interviewed him.
After finally repeating what had happened, he went to City when the council until he was 18.
It took a lot of counseling to the ovaries said it remarked that was stricken after the defense objected.
His family later reached out of court, Selma would Jackson before a lawsuit was filed,
but he said he wasn't consulted about the legal action.
He didn't reveal the amount of the settlement.
The trial jared at earlier rule jurors could be told previous cases were settled, but not for how much.
The testimony came during the beginning of the six-weeked testimony in the senior trial molestation trial.
Uh, nervous and emotional, Monday's witness who now works as a youth counselor and pastor.
Uh-huh.
Good-tearful in his voice broke as he described what he says happened with Jackson more than 15 years ago.
This is going to be hard for me to get through. I'm sorry. He said at one point the witness described three incidents of alleged fondling by Jackson.
When he was about seven at Jackson's Hollywood apartment, Jackson started tickling him and the boy started tickling Jackson back.
But at some point Jackson began tickling my private little region around my crotch area above his clothes.
He said he was laughing from the tickling and thought to himself that I'm laughing too much.
Several weeks later, Jackson initiated another tickling, especially into general contact after sending his mother to the store.
The witness said he thought to himself that this is not right.
Jackson as he had after the first allegiance and he gave him a hundred dollar bill, shoved it into his pants.
When he was ten, he and Jackson were lo and together in a loft in the arcade in Neverland Ranch.
When Jackson began tickling him while there were in a spooning position together on a couch.
A spooning position.
Yeah. Kind of like yellow pudding. You know how you spoon that?
With a big spoon.
This time he said Jackson reached into his shorts and funneled his testicles an episode that lasted two or three minutes.
He said Jackson did not give him money on medication.
See? Well, he's already in his cave.
He's already in.
The former maid son was the first of nine witnesses, the prosecution plans to call on an effort to show.
Jackson had a pattern of grooming young boys for sexual abuse.
Is there any doubt about it?
Earlier Monday, the former house manager at Jackson's Neverland Ranch testified he saw the pop star intoxicated in the presence of children quite a few times.
And once saw him emerge from the ranch's arcade with a group of drunk boys, the arcade has a wine cellar in the basement.
Try the wine?
Jesus Salas, Jesus, excuse me.
See, we got to do these.
Sorry.
Jesus Salas also told yours that I want a case you took a bottle of wine and four glasses of Jackson's bedroom where he was staying with several children,
including his teenager accuser in the current criminal case and the boys younger brother.
However, Salas also said Jackson ordered so does an addition of the wine.
When prosecutor Gordon Alcanclos pointed out he had not mentioned so does his police statement about the incident.
Salas responded.
It just flipped into my mind.
Yeah, just gone on him.
Maybe I'd like a little coke in that Jesus juice.
Yeah, maybe one of our former program directors with their hanging out.
He had a nose for exciting stuff.
Wonder how shoes Ann is doing.
I'll call her an Oscar.
Yeah.
See who's baby shoes have in this week.
56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
What actor actress does grosses you out so much?
You wouldn't go see a movie they were in if they paid you by the middle second.
Who is it?
WDQAM, hello.
Now, it's actually somebody on one.
Can you hear?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I have a phone you're having.
Much material.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, a poly.
Yes, sir.
For your poll.
Is that your mayor found your poll?
Yeah, he's.
Want to put Antonio Vandera center?
Not really.
He's a good actor and he's been in a lot of good movies.
Well, there you go.
This guy just don't like him.
Okay, any more for you.
Should a quick wide rear head.
That's a very good.
That's an excellent choice.
He just rhymes me the wrong way.
He was wise.
He was kind of like Will Smith, you know.
I don't want to start getting a racial thing, but.
He wasn't satisfied just being one thing.
Right.
Then he was a singer.
He was a comedian.
He was a he was all sorts of things, you know.
Actor crossdresser.
All of these things.
Some guy.
Yeah, whatever you fairy.
Of course, we want to know if he admits it.
I'll see.
Here's a fact that says.
At prominent after one or five, 60.
Don't forget Mo is out there at the ballpark.
Maybe it's opening day.
Oh, yeah.
I've said it about opening day or what you fair.
Right.
He admits it.
Even after all these years that I've been telling about.
Dala mattress and sleeping on a mattress and there myself,
by the way, as you know,
some people still a little bit lary about picking up the phone order.
mattress over the phone without feeling it and squeezing it and touching it.
The mattress to it.
Well, here's the deal.
If you go into betting a department's drug guarantee,
one thing you're going to get ripped off.
No question about it.
If you want the best deal going,
you're going to make that one easy call.
One 800 mattress.
And because Dala mattress got the most liberal exchange policy going anywhere,
there's no risk.
If you know, if you're not in love with the mattress, they deliver.
They'll take it back.
Give you something else.
Did you know that one 800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else anywhere?
Once you try, you'll never go back to a shore again.
They give you no BS,
no nonsense, no run-around.
No showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices and the best brands you know and love.
When you call one 800 mattress,
you'll be calling the company ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
All the tough names are waiting for you there.
Sierda and Sili, Simmons and King Coral,
temperate against Sterns and Foster Hewitt too.
And don't forget right now,
Dala mattress offers no payments or interest until 2006.
Be sure and tell them that fat boy sent you by.
They'll take you some stories.
Call Dala mattress toll free,
one 800 mattress for all the details and find out why you're as truly
and George and Miguel and fat boy himself and even Mo.
Oh, are all satisfied customers.
Call today toll free one 800 mattress or log out of the website mattress.com one 800 MATTRES.
When it comes to it,
you're taking it.
It makes Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers,
eight days.
And a question for you.
Five seconds.
You wait here.
And loves Neil Rogers.
This is loaded a spell with Don L.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
And today we're going to fail the word paradise.
Fellig with me now.
Paradise.
P-A-R-A-D-I-S-E.
Now, let you do the thing.
Whenever I go down together,
I always take along my luck as paradise.
Be good to me now.
This is loaded a spell with Don L.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
I'll be Don L. Jackson.
That's all that's what we were right now in.
Absolutely.
Peverdice.
117-A-Q-A-M.
And here's the facts.
Very important news.
FYI, Peter Jennings and I'll see you as lung cancer.
Okay.
How many hours ago did we have that on?
I'm not sure.
Thank you, Leonard.
But you're a little bit slow.
Okay.
By the way, the Pope has got a bad headache.
God.
Wait till you hear this.
You think you've seen...
You haven't seen the worth to be yet.
The censorship craft that's going on.
Oh, goodie.
Fashiste USA.
I heard some news about it.
Did you?
Yep.
The chairman of one of the entertainment industry's
most important congressional committee
says he wants to take enforcement of broadcastes
and the agency's standards into the realm of criminal
prosecution.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
Yep.
That's the story.
Yeah, that's because I told you about it.
Representative James Sensenbrunner,
Republican and Wisconsin-told cable industry executives attending
the National Cable Intellectual Communication Association conference
in San Francisco on Monday,
that criminal prosecution would be a more efficient way to enforce
the indecency regulations.
I prefer using the criminal process rather than the regulatory process
he told the executives.
In other words, if somebody blurtts out crap, he is just...
There you go.
Thought my piece was empty there for just a second.
You had to reload.
The current system in which the FCC finds a licensee
for violating the regulations casts two-odd an eddy set
trapping those who are attempting to rein in smud on TV
and those who are not.
People who are in flagrant disregards
would face a criminal process rather than a regulator process
Sensenbrunner said, this is the way to go.
Aim the cannons specifically and the cannons
at people committing the offenses
rather than the blunderbuss approach that gets the good actors.
The people who are trying to do the right thing end up being
penalized the same way as the people doing the wrong thing.
It was unclear exactly how he drove about criminalizing violations
of the indecency statutes, but probably just killing some people
would be a good idea, huh?
Sure.
Just like that Florida that bill we got in the legislature.
Send them to jail where they won't swear anywhere.
Somebody kind of like gives you a good look on a straight.
Well, the way you're protecting yourself,
man, you're protecting your assets.
Although cable and satellite TV are not covered by the indecency statutes,
and of course, John Ascroft, even though we ain't in power now,
where he still likes those covered up statutes,
Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska,
chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee,
and Representative Joe Barton, Republican of Texas,
have said they want to bring multi-channel programmers
into the legal mix.
They want to bring them into the mix.
In other words, A.K.A. censorship.
Stevens attended a convention Sunday
when he met with top cable industry executive sources said,
the executive's hoped to persuade Stevens to back off
during the meeting the cable operators demonstrated their blocking technology,
but it was unclear whether Stevens was swayed by their arguments.
Do you think he'd swung in the swayed like Sammy K?
I think he'd swished.
Oh, Sammy Gay?
You fair, yeah.
Ted Stevens from Alaska, another able-dower,
another right-wing lunatic.
Oh, I'm speaking of people who are really fired up to a frenzy.
Lauren McCall, too much smoke and sway.
Are she still alive, though?
Is she?
80.
Okay. It's not that old.
Pope made it 84, and I was with all those gunshots and Parkinson's
and all those other accessories, plus all those evil things he did.
Federer and actors Lauren McCall is once again hit out at her fellow stars,
this time branding them of minuscule talent and for looking too skinny.
She told Radio Times magazine that actresses only think of stardom
and sacrifice everything for fame.
McCall said her marriages to actress Humphrey Bogart and Jason Robards
effectively stood at her career.
Do you know she was married to Jason Robards?
That's no idea.
And now we know.
They're both dead, by the way.
Poor Jason Robards.
I mean, that's why he drank so much.
I put my career in second place throughout both my marriages
and it's suffered, she said.
She added, I don't regret it, he made choices.
If you want a good marriage, you must pay attention to that.
If you want to be independent, go ahead, you can't have it all.
Today, women with minuscule talent are women to sacrifice everything for their careers.
Miniscule talent.
Mm-hmm.
The call 80 cost controversy in 2004 when she was quoted as saying her birth co-star,
Nicole Kidman was not worthy of the tag legend.
And of course, she's not.
But she's not as a result of acting abilities.
I said I didn't understand why she had to be labeled when she has her whole career in front of her.
And Nicole said, but Nicole said today's crop of stars lack talent.
Actors today go into TV, which I don't consider has a lot to do with acting.
She said, they only think of stardom.
If you photograph well, that's enough.
I have a terrible time distinguishing one from another.
Girls where they're hair the same and are way too anorexic looking.
Yeah, she's got a point.
Yeah.
Kind of like Avril Lavigne.
Right.
Oh, I like her a lot.
I'm not sure that because Josh ain't here today.
I like her a lot.
But she's anorexic looking.
Sure.
You say to which, Avril.
Right.
She had, and we live in an age of mediocrity.
Stars today are not the same stature as Humphrey Bogart, Jimmy Cagney, Spencer Tracy, Henry Fonda, and Jimmy Stewart.
And she happens to me whilst you could let him off.
Absolutely correct.
Throw with Jimmy Stewart.
Jimmy Stewart?
Even though I hated that.
Yeah, Cornball.
Yeah, well.
You think he was a great actor?
I don't know.
Not great.
He was good in rear window.
Yeah, he was.
Grace Kelly, Sergeant York.
All Raymond Burwes in there, by the way, too, in my rear window.
That's what they call it rear window.
I didn't know he was gay.
He admits it.
But Carl stayed barred praise for Hugh Grant.
Oh my God.
Calling him charming and marvelous.
It's not a great actor but he doesn't have to be.
Put Hugh Grant on list.
Thank you, Lauren, for mentioning his name.
Because that's another one.
Hugh Grant.
He makes me one of vomit.
In fact, he and Eddie Murphy, they got that thing going out there in LA on the freeway with the cross-dressers there.
They can't even got to figure it out yet.
So speaking of gas prices going up real bad,
gas prices are causing financial hardship for majority of Americans, according to poll released yesterday.
15% of respondents said the current price of gas is causing them serious hardship
that it jeopardizes their standard of living while 43% describe moderate hardship.
Less than half, 42% of gas prices are causing them no hardships.
So they got 15, 4, 3, 58.
58, 42.
The 58% of reports of gas prices are causing them financial hardship.
If any sort was an increase from 49% last spring,
and 39% in 2000, 7% and 10 respondents said they sharpened the cheapest prices when they're planning to fill up.
And 57% they're considering a more fuel efficient model next time they buy a car.
Well, there you go.
Nobody driving those big gas-gusting SUVs, George.
I'm considering a more fuel efficient model.
No, you're not.
So you're getting on and seeing it.
Yeah, consider this.
That?
5670560, pound 560 under Verizon's Singular Rivals line.
Volgaim, I'm getting choked up about opening day.
That's a big, volgaim day.
The braves in your Florida, Marlins.
Seriously, he's supposed to be, I remember this argument we had with him called,
Oh, but Nino, let's opening day.
I don't care.
No, but you don't get it.
It's opening day.
See?
He hasn't punished you, me.
Not for anything else, but because of the opening day there.
I see.
Take a swig.
If you take the ES off swig, you just said.
If you take the ES off swig, what do you got left?
Wig.
And fig.
Joe Pagi just walked in.
Looking very much like Volga Brian.
Look at that.
What a clown.
What a, now he had the disc.
I gotta have it right now, because Muff already told me there's a one on there.
It's just a killer.
Wait till you hear this.
Well, I can't wait.
It looks to me like he's wearing that for real.
No, no, that's his comedy piece.
No, no, no, no!
All right, I'll put your heads together.
Yeah, let me get my camera beauty. Oh, no, no, look at that. Yeah, even painted two nipples on his forehead
Looks like one
Okay, now here. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
He told me about
Oh
Oh
Absolutely all right
Let's put that on endless loop and just play that till a motime what do you say motime showtime 26th after 1 a Q a
M. Hey, if you think you have termites in your home
You better call our friends at riddett pest control today for a free termite inspection and now by the way is beginning of termite season
It bad riddett pest control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs
100% on contact. I mean they're gone right now if not sooner if you have termites here's the best possible way to eliminate them and
Keep in mind you don't have to tent your home
Which is one of the most embarrassing and inconvenient things you could ever do
You don't have to worry about poisonous gas no moving out or staying in hotels no worrying about food or pets in your health
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you never have to leave in fact when they're done treating your property
The only thing that's left is the clean set of oranges for just a few days
It's true if you ever termite problem call riddett pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment
The kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact no tenting no kidding call right now for free no obligation and inspection
1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 3 4 8
That's 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 8
Forget about that tent job that makes you look like you're living in a circus and a clown routine call toll-free to rid it today
1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 3 4 4 3 8
How'd it come to sports?
We are the streaming
The r for you are 5 16
Mars-Vaysian
Straight from the valley
He's the first kid on your block to have
Popula
And if he's around her
He is not a kraut
It's safe and playable plastic, but it resembles a genuine Pope Pugh as approved by the Vatican.
See?
Be a panic.
Win friends.
Have fun with fake Pope Pugh, available for a short time on what time is it?
Oh yes, a very short time.
Better hurry and get your Pope Pugh.
It's angry.
It's not that dark, it's not that dark.
Too late.
It's too late for a movie unlucky.
132 at 560 W.C.M.
I had a Volca Brian in there trying to outdo me.
Yeah, it doesn't, it's not you, believe me.
Please do it as number one.
No, not good.
Yeah, put it on the other thing.
Put a Birker one.
Looks better than his other style.
And what is that?
Just a little, the Colonel Kling.
560, 705, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Oh, and by the way, some more good news.
A new Houston Chronicle poll shows support for a house majority leader Tom Delay has slept drastically in his district.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
And a majority of his constituents disapprove of how he handled a Terry Shabbo case.
Nearly 40% of 101 voters questioned last week.
Said their opinion of the powerful, sure-reline Republican was less favorable in last year compared with 11% of said their view of him is improved.
Half the respondents gave the lay somewhat a very favorable rating.
But 49% said they would vote for someone other than him if a congressional election in the 22nd district were at hand.
39% they'd stick with him.
49, 39, he's losing right now in a restaurant like, eh.
I don't think so.
And then when he starts killing some of them judges, it's going to get really bad, you know?
Yeah.
Now we got to do something about them judges.
Oh, speaking of people dying, female boxer, you know, on a sports day, you can't say anything against boxing because it's a very manly thing.
What do you think of the fight?
You know, everybody's got to watch the fight.
Whatever the fight is, you know.
The fight.
You see the fight?
No.
Should have been banned a long time ago.
Even Howard Coasell, who made his bones covering boxing, by the way.
Huh?
Right.
You see that?
Well, his bones probably don't smell the good right now, but he made him covering boxing.
And he said beyond a shadow of a doubt that it should be banned forever.
And it should be.
It's barbaric.
It's grotesque.
It has no purpose other than to inflict injury and looking all the, well, anyway, a female boxer who died from injuries sustained in the Colorado Golden Gloves Boxing Match this past weekend.
It's believed to be the first woman to die in the amateur boxing match ever in the USA.
Becky's or Lentys, 34 of Fort Collins died Sunday afternoon, said Howard Dan.
You know, this room, it got to me yesterday by about this time.
And it's doing the same again now.
Yeah.
There's crud in here, man.
I was sitting here wondering, I mean, I'm not eating anything.
I'm going to be dead, so I'm not going to eat with crap in my mouth or anything else.
And, you know, there's something in here.
Oh, I got it.
Sick building.
lawsuit.
We have sick goadering center, not just the people in there.
What do we got?
Somebody sick puppies in his joint.
Maybe some of them were like very decent normal people before they came in here.
Thank you.
Oh, anyway, Becky's or Lentys died Sunday afternoon.
A preliminary cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head, results from not toxic conducted yesterday, not released yet.
Seriously, this is getting a bad.
Oh, I got a tickle.
Huh?
Maybe it might be out of it by somebody that poepuked.
And then they'll think it's somebody else's, because I'm just getting ready to puke in this room.
This is, there is fungus among us, man.
Maybe Gary Surners out there pumping that poison gas, you know?
Maybe some of those orthodox guys like him learned something than W-W-2.
Maybe he's got some connections at beer.
Oh, and the Lentys was hit by a punch by a opponent, Heather Schmitz.
That's her name, no Schmit, Heather Schmitz.
And despite wearing protective head gear fell unconscious to the canvas during the third round of her matchlade Saturday.
Rainside position jumped into the ring, but she never were getting consciousness and died several hours later at a hospital.
So the Lentys who had a six and four record, the neck rate they got to put a record.
Yeah, it was married.
She said now, won't see her anymore.
I don't see any coverage on TV about that.
I look what's on it.
But it is a little bit strange, because you can see the two there.
Jimmy Carter was in the White House in 1979.
Yeah, it's back to the Pope, maybe again, man. Back with more to Pope stuff.
We got the first woman, Basueroid, and I in the U.S.
And we don't get like one second about that. It's not news story.
We had another American soldier killed in the Rack yesterday and a whole bunch of Rackies.
Over 100,000 dead Rackies civilians are estimating now.
They're finally starting to goose the numbers up to be somewhat a little more honest.
Not too much, but a little honest.
But don't forget, choose life.
Forget them on the mark.
Choose life.
Culture life.
Don't ever forget it.
When in doubt, choose life.
Always error the side of life.
I don't like it.
And kill one of the evil doers too.
WQAM, hello.
I can't believe we've gone through the whole day and nobody has suggested alienardo de Capriot.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Wow.
He's the worst.
Oh, no.
You're going to get our facts.
Your Carolyn upsets.
He's going to be wild if you do that.
Well, listen, Ronald Carolyn.
There's something wrong with Leo.
There's something wrong with Leo.
Remember that expression egghead?
I got to agree with Nadine every time though on Johnny Depp.
He's the most beautiful person ever.
He's right in here.
He's right in running.
Oh, he's beautiful.
And can we just say Bipop already, please?
Bye-bye, Pope.
Poppy.
Bye-bye.
Okay, see you.
Yeah, Johnny Depp sure is pretty.
Of course, my son had it.
You're fair.
You know, I would be like my making an admission right on the ear, you know.
He admits it.
No, wait a minute.
What's with the, what is with the granny glasses?
Then he looks like the Dalai Lama.
This is New Gig.
Wow.
He moonlight has a spiritual guile.
He looks like Gandhi.
Doesn't he?
He looks like my hat, my Gandhi.
If they only knew.
Wow, a few people just had smell of his man could take a puked this.
Wow, wow, wow.
Come into QAM, hello.
I'm a big, come on.
Come into QAM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to find out about where I could read that article that Neil was reading earlier.
Which one is that?
The Pope.
The one about the Pope?
Yeah, I turned on halfway through and I didn't get it.
I'll think it out of the waist bag.
You didn't see what the website was, okay?
Okay.
Okay, see you.
That's it.
I always do this.
Yeah, you do.
Huh?
You put it in a discard pile.
But if I rip it up all feverishly.
Oh, I don't know.
It's fun.
Maybe I didn't rip it up.
Oh, what is that?
Oh, it's something about a Lauren McCall in Hugh Grant.
A gas?
Oh, and this is all full of mung from an waist basket.
Maybe that's that Pope pukes in a waist basket now.
That is so bad.
Yeah, that's really insensitive.
You bastard, you.
You're going to rot in hell.
There's a Michael Jackson.
Here's that article.
And the website is not from a website.
Somebody faxed it to me.
All of it's good.
Then everything you have to be from a website somewhere.
Here it is.
Got it.
op-ednews.com.
Op-ed-o-p-e-d.
op-ednews.com.
Got it.
Got it.
Slash Fox Matthew.
Got it.
Got it.
I hope the guy's writing it down because that's it.
I got to put all this stuff back in the trash.
It's okay.
We don't care about this short day anyway.
It's opening day for the Marlins man.
That's right.
That's where it's at.
You don't want to lose a community without major league baseball.
Why I'm not really sure?
But you don't want to be.
Is that what he always says?
Right.
Then you'd be, uh, you know, bushly.
Bushly.
Bushly.
Yeah.
We don't want to be bushly.
God forbid anybody should ever say South Florida is bushly.
Even though obviously it is.
It's a bushly paradise is what it is.
You fairy.
20-02 at 560 WQA.
And hey, I'm sure by now you've got to be familiar with Anthony Calliando.
He's about the most famous guy in town now.
He's the main man in acceptance capital mortgage.
Before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know yet.
Most banks only work with three different mortgage products, which ain't much.
And if your credit is less than absolutely perfect, get ready here that most famous,
then most disgusting, two-letter word in the English language.
No.
That is the one.
If you're not working with the right lender, chances are getting approved are only 50-50 at best.
Do yourself a big favor call right now, toll free.
One, triple eight, four, eight, three, loan.
That's one, eight, eight, eight, four, eight, three, loan.
Let the main man in this team put you into a mortgage that meets your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe even being turned down because you call the wrong number.
Call the main man and acceptance capital mortgage today and get the deal you're looking for at one triple eight, four, eight, three, loan.
And don't forget, every time they close a loan, a portion is donated to kids in distress.
So why call anybody else?
Avoid the bait and switch, call the main man today, Anthony Calliando.
It's a toll free call, one, eight, eight, eight, four, eight, three, loan.
When it comes to entertainment, we've got the thing.
The biggest personality, the largest, the biggest energy.
Sport Video 560.
She way out.
All right, there's something I can step aside.
I'm the new Pope.
Say, I stand before you now.
And there's going to be a few changes around here.
Starting with a few spritzes, a glades mist.
A few fit.
You shut up until your job.
But it's slippery and moist appears.
I had you to be my head, and that's that, that's what you're going to be.
See?
I had a head from a minor.
A minor?
I did well.
We'll get a better grace for my head to do.
That's better.
Where's the Hebrew National Garden?
That healed me this Wednesday.
Like I said, bring me the Swiss Garden.
Hello.
Where's the Swiss Garden?
I'll have a pound of Alpine lakes.
That's my holy Friday.
Wait a second, by the way.
Yeah.
I like it's sliced, then, see?
You know, it's the people.
Okay.
And the pound of Galbagoop.
All right, we're taking on my skirt.
They're giving me a camel, too.
Just sit back on my head.
I just crushed it.
You don't even make a good hat.
You're useless.
I can be your head dear.
I'm a size your brow.
Ooh.
You're making my slip his collar.
Now I'm a great man.
Dude, let me bless you with my son,
other than the boy,
other than the boy.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
Go!
145, EQM.
Somebody says Nicole Kidman for the pole.
Nicole for the pole.
Got it.
And somebody says somebody,
you're gonna get upset.
Andy Garcia.
You like Andy Garcia?
He admits it.
Anyway, somebody says I hate Andy Garcia.
He makes me sick.
I wish he would have gone back to Cuba
with Elia Nito,
Elian Gonzalez.
And by the way, the Abuelo said no change.
They still keep checking, no change.
5.67, 05.60,
05.60 on the Abuelo's and Singular wireless lines.
Don't forget we got the big extravagance today, baby.
Opening day!
Oh!
The Marlins!
I was more gonna be telling everybody
that he's rooting for the Braves today's the Bravest fan.
Which he's entitled, that's his opinion.
Is he gonna be telling people that?
No.
Probably not.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, the ugliest guy in the world.
Whoopie Goldblatt.
He's already on there.
Whoopie's already on there.
And move it up nicely, by the way.
Whoopie's got the 34.
You'll be pleased to know.
34.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, near you.
You watching crack head on Fox News.
Which one is that?
The guy on the high street.
No.
Wait a minute, is purple,
K-pop, I'm up the door.
No, I'm watching now.
The Getski is there in the St. Peter's Square.
On MSNBC, the MSNBC.
Just bottled water deliveries.
We found folks from back home who aren't here.
Because they thought they had to be.
They're there because all those are tourists there.
That's because most of the people are are tourists.
See folks from a great line that was.
Yeah, they're there because they have to be.
It's a look at what they have to be.
That's right.
Otherwise they're gonna rot in the head.
They're gonna miss them.
They're gonna miss a big deal.
They're gonna miss when he falls off that slab.
That's gonna be bad.
They keep shripping around like that.
They're just, you know, increasing the chances.
They're just velcroing, telling you he's glue-dolling.
Is he velcroed to that thing?
Yeah, and you know what?
It looks like his lips are velcroed back.
They don't think that's the right thing.
Man, he's looking really bad.
Come on, Bonacera.
You know, a code hanger would have evened out those feet
so that one, you know, there'd be at least a...
You're a man.
I've never seen anybody who's obsessed with feet.
That's all you see when they show them.
The guy from Wami that kid whoever now has his name was.
You're obsessed with his feet.
What?
What was he from?
Or sandals.
I don't know where he from.
No, yeah, you do.
Because you said those people have funky feet.
No, that's a different story.
No.
Yes?
Who are the people with a funky feet?
The Indians.
Not American Indians.
The Indian Indians.
Well, what do you know about them?
They have feet like tree dogs.
I got more Indians in my apartment building in Toronto
than you ever seen me like put together, man.
You've seen their feet?
No, but I smelled their curry.
Well, you'd never forget it if you did.
Man, if their feet smell like their curry, wow.
I don't know what they smell like.
I just don't even look like.
Well, believe me, you don't want the tree frogs.
Wami, Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, what about laughing on the list?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm Bill Neal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
That's good.
That was incredible.
The one with Howard David is the Pope.
I almost forgot what I was going to tell you.
Yeah, all right, James.
What's your step?
Yeah, that one.
Did you see that article online from that Muslim prophet
who predicted the US is going to end?
I don't know if you discussed it on your show.
The US is going to end?
He writes this whole article about how the tsunamis and the Asia
are going to pale in comparison.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I saw that.
Yeah, well, so all the, all the, uh,
much jobs are saying that.
Yeah, and, uh, say him.
He doesn't have to worry about destroying the US.
Well, President, he's already doing a great job of it.
Yeah, he's already got it.
He's already got a nice head start.
He's got the head start program.
But the head might like to say that.
Bar.
Who went out of Nigh?
I'm Barah.
Yeah, Castle Hoist is what he's trying to say.
That's what he wants to message to Sentinel, OK?
Hey, listen, go eat some of the tray.
Will you please go to Wendy's, get you a bacon cheeseburger.
It's good for you.
Stop it all over the religious nonsense, OK?
Stop it now.
What is Peter Jennings?
Well, I mean, we don't know.
He said he's going to work through the chemotherapy,
and it is possible that he'll be able to listen to that fruitcake.
Who's that?
I have a 91-year-old grandmother who just went,
now, you fairy.
Oh, my God.
What a screamer.
You fairy.
Holy moly.
Wow.
The zenith.
Jennings is the last of the three-year-old.
The last of the one.
The long-time network anchors.
Yes!
Good God.
What do you want?
They kind of fags that they put on the air.
Fair face.
Will be missed if you're there.
They're not going to be pleased.
And has ABC announced...
Mark Pyther.
That's where they mark Pyther from Newth week.
See, they floater.
Anyway, it's...
In fact, maybe that's what was in my island.
I went to the ophthalmologist's sister.
That is, I still got that floater in here.
Maybe it was Mark Pyther.
Mark Eiser.
I get it.
Oder's Peter Jennings.
Who could take the anchor share one day?
No.
What are we going to do?
Tom Broca is gone.
Dan Rather, they forced him off the air.
And now Peter Jennings.
I'm waiting for the news robot.
Maybe Rick Sanchez and ABC.
Oh, don't don't...
Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
Oh, baby. He's a killer.
When it comes to sport,
we are the afforded,
support for your bicycle.
Should we?
On an all-new,
the Shival,
Michael Chick-Lis-Star,
as the Shival,
in his birth,
lay down performance.
What are you doing?
Insert the two.
Let Dr. Frisky,
Lord God,
Bush commands you.
Insert the two.
What were the...
What?
The Shival,
wheels of two action.
To crush crime.
Wheeeee!
Hey, man.
What you doing here?
What were the...
Wheeeee!
Don't miss any of the two-fisted action.
As the Shival throws us into the coma.
With a wheel to fight crime.
And a wheel to survive.
Wheeeee!
Is he that?
This cheek wiggle.
Oh, come on.
Hello, she?
Okay.
Reinsert the two.
What were the...
Wheeeee!
Hey, put that cue.
Oh, wait, wouldn't you please?
153 and 560 WDQM.
The tension is building manual.
You could cut it with a butter knife.
Moe is going to be out there at Gatia,
at the ballpark at the stadium.
Whatever it used to be called.
It's off in stadium.
It's off in the plane here.
No.
And we don't care about the dolphins,
because we don't have them no more.
We got the Amarlin Zone.
We got the pregame of 330.
Amarlin Zone in the Braves.
Opening day, man.
Ow!
How come we didn't go up there today?
I should have done my dentist tomorrow.
We should have gone up to the ballgame.
Would have been a blast.
Oh, yeah.
Me and Zer.
I think the Bronco had a gun up there.
Right?
Had a good alternative.
Rubbed our heads together.
We'll get the fireworks there.
WDQM, hello.
The annual is Richard Geer on that list?
Yes he is.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
How's he doing, by the way, old Dick?
Let's see.
35 vote.
In fact, Richard Geer is right on the WP Goldberg behind.
Goldberg, Goldberg's WDQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Maybe the Catholic Church can give back some of that stolen money.
Yeah.
I want to hold my breath, Paulie.
Don't hold your breath, okay?
Okay.
There he goes.
Make it up stories.
You get about that Vatican banking scandal.
Next to be talking about pedophile priest and stuff like that.
Make it up all those terrible stories.
To get that William Donahue all been out of shape.
You know the one from the Catholic League?
That far missing.
That's always angry and pissed off.
I got that look at that.
Yeah.
Donahue.
Whatever his name is.
Oh, yeah.
That he be.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah, this one is Richard.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Happy Tuesday, yeah.
And is Richard Gears hamster on that list also?
Yeah, he's got 27.
Have a good day, Neil.
And back to you.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Can I have one to your poll?
Go right ahead.
He's a real, uh, sexy actor, uh, Billy Crystal.
Billy Crystal.
Oh, my God.
It's on American, and I'm Billy Crystal, but you go right ahead.
I mean, did you imagine nobody watches his movies?
Okay.
Thanks.
Billy Crystal, yeah, he's a little, uh, I'm a little tired of him, you know.
You're not?
Well, I don't think he's been a movie in like 10 years, but I'm a little tired of him anyway.
Yeah, I'm not talking about his hard to be a news card here in the period.
You know, the Oscars, the Emmys, the, uh, whatever, the teletubbies.
I'm just, I'm just tired of Billy Crystal.
He's okay.
He never stole a free train.
I mean, I prefer, in fact, I rather have, I was going to say Chris Rock.
I didn't rather have Kid Rock than Billy Crystal.
I'm just tired of his act.
WDQAM, hello.
Rock solid.
In fact, I'll guarantee that he'll be on my way to his baseball broadcast from somewhere.
He's always his big baseball fan.
Billy Crystal, is it the Cubs?
Somebody.
Oh, you know who else?
Bill Murray is also a big cubs fan.
He and Harry Kirer are going to be sitting side by each up there.
That big bullpen in the sky.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, two things.
I don't know if it's just me, but I've been trying to get your website for about an hour now.
I was, you three directed me to like some, uh, Bill.
I got it right here.
I'm looking at it.
Working just fine.
I'll try to find his DIY.
All right.
You might not agree with me on this one, but Tom Hanks.
He makes me do a wild diarrhea.
All right.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Okay.
So there you go.
Two out of two, two two.
By the way, had business, a bishop does been two two one or before.
He was, uh, regulating about the apope.
Now, you think when bishop two two, uh, meets his maker, or when he dies,
that they're going to have like a big stimulus like this about the bishop.
You think that when the dolly llama starts singing hello and goodbye dolly,
that's like a big stimulus like that?
No.
You think that when a rabbi from, uh, Yosuke, uh,
whatever that place is?
What's that place?
Yosuke shull in Hollywood when he dies?
No.
No.
But with apope.
See, this again goes back to the whole arrogance of the thing.
That's what really frosts my fat ass.
Okay.
You want to go there like the woman said, we, we had no choice.
We had to be here.
We felt the spirit of Christ compelder's, uh, we liked the outfits.
Whatever was that drew them there, you know.
Go ahead.
Have a good time.
It's had in people who gladly take the money of all these sucker tourist idiots there.
These get keys.
They'll take your money.
They got something to peddle you, okay?
And then the gypsies will steal your wallet and your credit cards.
But I mean, quit trying to like just drown us in a sea of this religious crap from one, I mean,
it's bad enough we get it from all the religions, but from one denomination.
All the way.
There's one hell of a show.
I'll say that.
Oh, yeah.
This is, this is even, that'd be a good poll someday.
Who puts out a better show, the British monarchy or the Catholic Church?
That's, that's, that's, that's the toss up.
There is so much, no one else to read.
And the expensive outfits and they got the, what do they call the guard there at the Buckingham Palace?
The, whatever they call the royal guard.
No, that's not what they call.
Come on, I'll come, whatever they are.
It'll come.
The right guard, the left guard, middle guard.
They put on one hell of a show, man.
They got all those expensive outfits and the thick plush velvet and then of course,
in Rome, we got to Swiss guard with those striped things they wear.
Yeah.
And then of course, the, the cardinals and the bishops and everybody's got their own.
They got the green ones and the purple ones and all the vestments and then like that.
Very sad.
And what's even sadder is that most people you just can't reach them anymore.
It doesn't make a bad people, it just makes them lost.
They're the British royal palace guards.
Is that what it is?
The royal palace guards?
Well, excuse me.
Well, whatever they are.
The royal guards for sure.
And the best part of it is when you, when people come along and they'll like,
poke them, you know, to see if they can get in like an expression on their face, they poke them.
And nothing happens.
That's just pretty sure that they poke them hard.
Chris Charles said that he keeps trying it, nothing happens.
Well, I mean, if you were in case of Camilla, you'd try something else too.
I guarantee you that.
Yeah, anything else?
Right.
I hear he has.
Anyway, here's what we got.
What actor actress Betz-Fetz fits this?
I got to get out of this room, man.
I'm going to go running out of this place.
This is a sick place in more ways than one.
I will never see a movie if so and so is it.
Jailo 250.
Look at that.
Mel Gibson 101, Pauli Shore 92, Ben Affleck 48,
Julia Roberts 45, who'll be Goldberg 36.
But who cares because it's opening day?
Bye, bye, bye!
