I'm still laughing from the first one.
Well, you better watch yourself now.
189 and a scale this morning, baby.
I got a whole new leash on like.
Why? What's going on with you?
I'm going to get you a little bit more of a ride.
Well, you didn't know Bob like that.
You didn't tell me the last of your story.
Well, I haven't heard anything.
I've never been listening to you that he's diabetic and what happened?
He's in bad shape. It's a little bit too late.
But I think learning from his example, I think his mentors life may be saved.
And I got to thank the guy in Lakeland, what's his name again?
Daryl. Daryl, who faxed me on Friday.
In the last five days, I haven't had one drop of sugar candy ice cream crap nothing.
I've lost four pounds down to 189.
I don't have any desire for it anymore.
I just walk right by it in the supermarket with a convenience store.
I don't even look at that crap.
That baby is no... well, you'll find out.
He's already had a food ampute.
He's going blind.
He's in bad shape.
And I ripped him after reading that on Friday and I had to apologize for that today because it was not the right thing to do.
I mean, see, one thing I remember Mike Disney once said, comparing me and Steve Kane,
he says, Neil knows where to draw the line. Steve doesn't have any line.
He has no line.
And we got somebody like that on this radio station who has no line.
I don't want to get into personalities, but nevertheless, I will.
I'm going to rip him an ass.
He has no life?
He has no line.
He doesn't know where to draw the line. He just, he's all over the place.
And especially behind the, off the air behind the scenes.
I want this one fired it in right now.
And I'm going to, yeah, all of this other crap.
Remember there was a character in Howdy Doody called Mr. Bluster?
Sure.
Finney.
That's him. Mr. Bluster.
Okay, so today it's Neil and Finneyus and then...
And Howdy Doody.
No more mad dog for the West of the Year.
Well, that's right. He's done his last show of the year and today's only December 15.
Well, what a guy.
More power to a man.
I'm all for the talent.
He's my hero.
That's right. Me too.
He ain't no fan love bastard, but...
I understand Jason Cole was on this morning for D-Fo on the other, across the street.
Jason Cole.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe they can put the paper boy on the ear next to somebody sick over there.
The newspaper boy.
Hey, kid, you want to go on, go on, go on.
Yeah, right now, yeah. Of course, we got some people too, you know.
Not like that.
So the beast is pushing for his own show now.
That's okay. I don't mind the ambitions.
And I said, you're going to abandon the Humper and you said, yeah.
Yeah.
Nice, very nice.
Well, these guys, they all have delusions of fantasy, you know.
Let me tell you something that's clear.
The beast works hard on his show.
He does.
And, you know, he's always willing to pitch in when he's called on.
I have no problem with the beast.
Well, good.
And you know what?
If he has the ambitions to move on, good for him.
More power to him.
Yeah.
As the Chinese say, gig isn't to hate.
Exactly.
Right.
I can replace him in a flash.
No.
That's a bad one.
That was really a shot.
There was a really.
And the guy is giving up the bread.
I'm trying to save his life.
Yeah.
It's really, it's just, you know, when you talk about it in generic terms, like, oh, well,
this is going to happen and that's going to happen.
And it doesn't mean anything.
But when somebody you know is suffering the ravages of what you could be in like, you know,
a six months, six months.
I don't know if it's a foot.
I know he's lost some toes.
Really?
Yeah.
I told you the story about the member big daddy.
He had the hot big daddy nap.
Yes.
Yeah.
The hot talk place on Lincoln Road Mall.
Yeah.
Larry nap.
And then when the, I told the story many times, but it's just shocking to show you how people are just sad.
And they tried to reopen the famous over there in Daniel.
They had the pink callous there by Daniel Highline.
They reopened the famous and were lasted for a few months.
Remember that?
Yes.
So it was a sponsor of mine.
So I went there for lunch one day.
I ordered the kishki by the way.
It didn't have any.
Kiss me off.
But anyway, so Larry and his wife sit down on my table and we're talking and big fat people.
And she's about to go in to have a leg amputated as a recall.
And they're both diabetic.
And as we're sitting there talking, the waiter or waitress comes over and they both order a chocolate egg cream.
And they're pouring the chocolate syrup into the, I sat there, you know, even being the pig that I was at the time and I'm thinking to myself,
you're telling me that you're diabetic and you're getting an amputated and you're sitting here eating chocolate syrup in front of me.
I just, it's very sad.
Hey, there were some of us have to live with that.
I get a virus.
I understand.
It's a battle.
And you know, if I were skinny talking about it, I would be a jackass.
I mean, you know, pointing the finger, but I've been through it all my life.
And you make excuses to yourself.
Well, I'm addicted to it.
And I'm not addicted to it.
It's just happened.
It's just easy to make the excuse.
Well, I'm addicted to this.
And I'm addicted to eating whenever the hell I feel like it, whether I'm hungry or not.
And you're not.
You're not addicted because if you were addicted, how could I just, how could I quit cold turkey Friday afternoon after reading that facts and that blog?
How could I just say, okay, I'm no more?
How many have any desire for it anymore?
Well, if you're addicted to something, you can't just do that.
I don't think sugar is addictive, is it?
Well, I think I look at it this way.
It's addicted from the standpoint of refined carbohydrates because of the stuff they put in there, the chemicals, that when you start eating, it's like the pringles spots you can't eat only one.
Yeah.
That's because they put chemicals on there that stimulate your taste buds.
So when you eat a little bit, you want more.
Instead of satisfying your appetite, you want more and you become ravenous.
But if you don't eat it at all, you're a lot better off.
And that's what I'm doing. I'm not touching it.
Oh, the polls are open in Iraq.
There's Christiana Amon Puran out of Network Shield, man.
I'm going to tell you they need to take out the CNN MSNBC.
And of course Fox goes without saying.
Let's take, when did that take them out?
Let's get Pat Robertson on the case.
I'm going to remember what he said about Hugo Chavez.
Yeah, when did that let's take him out for lunch?
Maybe you ought to take Mola for lunch.
Maybe you took a bond a little bit.
Maybe you could try to humanize him a little bit.
I got some lunch for you.
Oh, but hey, how about some pizza, huh?
I'm going to send him a big pizza fan.
Yeah.
I'll send them one.
Yeah.
So the number of people that I have a death wish for has been reduced now,
it's down to two.
One is the unmincipable, one whom we all know.
And the other one, we also want to know.
And the other one, we have serious death wish.
And I'm not talking about that.
I have never seen such a Schmitt Disturber evil, evil person, a thing.
I wouldn't even say personal, be getting carried away as that.
Nice going, Greg, man.
You know how to pick him.
Let's send Greg down to those, what do they call him?
Do you pick him, fields down there where they picked the strawberries
and the automators, standard and the ranger, wherever it is?
You know, you should come back for next week.
No, no, no, thanks.
For what?
I won't even be there next week.
I'm going to be on vacation next week.
Tomorrow is our last get together for a while.
Well, that's right.
Yeah.
How long are you going for this time?
A week?
Just a week.
Okay.
What do you mean this time?
I don't know.
I've known for 80,000 days in the summertime.
Yeah.
Throwing not like mad dog, though.
What?
You got the deal?
I got the deal.
I got the deal.
I like half to him, man.
That is really beautiful.
You got the deal.
That's a good deal.
The people passing the teacher like I was standing still, like I was laying out prone.
Yep.
And he owes a vote of thanks.
He got a call.
Hey, by the way, thank you, Joel Feinberg, for getting Hank and mad dog such good deals.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, we like it.
How do you like that deal?
Remember that voice mail that we put on the year by the whole camper one?
Don't overstate the state.
Don't make the same mistake, right?
Yeah.
Because we don't really want to make it.
Hey, listen, you don't have us.
It opens it up for Jason Cole.
I'd like to see Bo Camper go in here and just step on him.
I've never seen Joel Feinberg.
I don't know if he's like two feet tall or ten feet tall, but Bo Camper could squash him like a net.
You know, like to see him just go in there just for old times taking just squash him.
Just sit right on his...
Well, ass.
Just say sit on his face.
That's bad.
Sorry, Joyce.
Ooh.
You all might enjoy it.
106 folks.
It's on my time.
Oh, God.
That is a panic.
Well, on that note, and I did there, you'll be pleased to know I had a nice comeback.
It would buy and I started out pretty good.
Then I started doing real bad.
And I left my machine and this couple came along and got a thousand bucks on the line.
I was really peeled.
And then I went back to it and I went, most of my money back lost only 500 bucks which, considering I was losing my ass, was pretty good.
Saturday I have four states races that call their good ones.
Well, I won't be... I'll be abroad.
So you're going to watch...
Oh, yeah.
Where are you going?
Where are you going on your trip?
To Amsterdam.
No.
You haven't been there for a while, have you?
A few months.
Yeah.
I go there maybe once a year now.
I get around Berlin, Cologne, Rome, Bartholome.
You like Berlin, do you?
We talked about Berlin.
Oh, Berlin, I love Berlin.
I tell you, anybody that wants to go the first place that you want to go in Europe.
Well, the great cities in the world.
I would say, Rome number one and Berlin number two.
It really is.
I enjoyed Berlin a lot.
And if people got some time, like maybe a couple of weeks, they really ought to make it over to Cologne.
Have you ever been in Cologne?
No.
Oh, man.
Now, if you go to Amsterdam, you get on the train and it's only about a two-hour train trip
from Amsterdam and on that high speed that ice train...
...peace a cake.
And you take maybe a couple of magazines or a newspaper.
By the time you're finished reading it, you're already there.
And the Cologne is just sensational, beautiful, very modern.
They got that big, the dom, you know, every city in Europe's got that big church.
You know, the huge, right by Central Station, by the train station.
In fact, the train station is beautiful itself.
They got all these shops and restaurants.
It's fabulous, so, man.
Cologne is great.
Sounds like a plan for me.
And unlike South Florida, all these young living and breathing beautiful people.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
I don't care what anybody says.
Let me say it again for the umpteenth time.
Although I've never been in Asia.
But to me, the places I've been, I've been in Sweden, I've been in Finland, I've been a lot of places.
The people in Germany, man.
Not in southern Germany, not in Frankfurt.
Those people are like mostly among ones.
But in Cologne and Berlin, those are the most beautiful people in the world there.
It's just scary.
I love this place.
Really scary.
You haven't been to Australia?
No.
Well, there are too many beaten up Lebanese now, so I don't want to go there.
Now, what, have you been to Australia?
A few years ago, yeah.
Yeah, that's a long trip.
Yeah, I just left.
Yeah, 24 hours, I think.
Yeah, but I like to.
We're getting to foot of snow here today.
By the way, there's almost no snow.
I'm still on the ground right now, but this afternoon it's going to start.
We're getting 30 centimeters, which I looked at up.
That's a foot of snow just before I leave.
So I feel like I get on here tomorrow.
Well, I hope so for you.
And I hope you have a wonderful trip.
Oh, you're not tomorrow.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Were you going to be calling sick tomorrow?
No, no, I'll be here.
Good.
So always a good idea to show up.
Be able to send you off.
I'm sure there's somebody that would love to send me off.
Yeah, well.
Yeah, off the planet.
Yeah, I got plenty to say about that.
I'm a child of the day too.
Believe me, I'm like, why would you suggest a lunch with us?
I'm just joking.
You think I'm serious?
Yeah.
You really think I'm serious?
No.
I can't even envision that.
I can't even imagine that.
I mean, where would we go?
You know, where they allow food fights?
Well, you missed Wolfies and Bokeh.
That's out of business now.
So it's too late for that.
All those good old places.
Yeah.
I drove past the Rascal House last night.
Now would be a good place.
You can go in there, a couple of old Jews.
You can go in there, exactly.
And they have a big sign up there.
Try to attack each other with those knives they got in there with a plastic knife.
Yeah, they have a big sign up, that's open 24 hours.
Oh, I waited wanted.
So things don't work out over the sushi lunch.
Never mind.
I can't imagine waiter wanted in that place.
Oh, could you imagine being a waiter there?
Well, that's what you're stopping at the Wolfies on 21st, they're on the beach.
I told you, three different times I was in there and waitresses ripped off their aprons and ran out.
This is a crazy house.
I'm going to because the clientele were just impossible.
I used to think it was the people they hired.
It was a chicken and the egg thing which came first, but it was definitely the clientele.
That's when South Beach was a lot different than it is now.
Masty old Jews, man.
Oh, yeah.
I guess this sit outside in front of those old hotels were now.
They're all very chic.
Everything all those pictures and Wolfies in the celebrity room, all the pictures of Jackie Gleason and all the other people who were eating there, all the big celebrities.
Well, the celebrities 50 years ago.
Yes.
It was quite a place.
Not in Burl and New York.
Yes.
Oh, I think it got free.
Right.
The biggest anti-Semite that are in here.
Have you ever figured that out?
No.
Why they named this street on Miami Beach, which used to be like a 90% Jewish after one of the work.
How about Adolf Hitler's ways?
Is that coming next?
Hank Meyer got that done.
He got eight years old.
He got three road?
Yeah.
Well, he used to work for him, didn't you?
No.
I thought you were working on that.
I worked for an ad agency.
He had a PR firm.
I see.
I knew Hank.
But you knew him?
Yes.
Well, why did he do a thing like that?
Was he anti-Semantic?
He was the guy who promoted Arthur Gottfried.
You know, had arranged for the Brutkinah.
I've never hired one Jew to work on it.
You know that?
And that wasn't by accident either.
Although Holly Lockey may get pictures.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Remember Holly Lockey?
And Tony Movin?
Yep.
And who was it that he fired on the air?
Was Julius LaRosa fired him on the air?
Yeah.
Remember that?
Yes.
That's pathetic.
So by the way, Beast, it's been nice knowing you,
but your fire did it.
He's about the only other guy that could imagine firing somebody on the air in the middle of the show.
Your fire did it.
Get out of my way.
And don't be stealing my pizza.
Well listen, have a great day.
It's all been in this first break.
It's nice to kill him some good time.
No, really, it helps a lot when you get to be this advanced stage like we are.
It helps tremendously.
It's almost like having an iron killer.
You know what?
We're getting to be like a couple of yentos, you know?
It's like that.
It's like ginger and what does he call you?
And ginger and what does he call you?
And ginger.
Robert, a backyard fence.
I got news for you.
I'm old man.
It's a more entertaining in these 10 minutes every day than you ever do in 50 hours.
I'm standing at the Kasiars desk where I live.
And they have a banquet room, not a banquet room,
but a meeting room downstairs.
And these three women come in and say where the hudassah meeting was.
And as they walked away, I said, I'd never guessed.
You should have seen that crowd.
Hi!
I don't know if you imagine.
We're going to imagine it by show at the hallmark.
Maybe I'll have to tell that story again.
I remote it to hallmark when I was on WS News.
That's like eating.
They're all schlepping in the back to eat the food, making noise in the middle of the show.
And then during a break, the salesperson comes up to me and says,
they don't like the topic, change the topic.
They don't like it.
That's like sheki green appeared at Century Village.
And he told me when he got up there, he looked at the audience and he said,
you know, you people didn't need a comedian.
You should have hired a doctor.
Yeah, should have hired a mortician.
Have a great day.
Hey, you two.
And keep that money in your pocket.
Yeah, I will today.
Hi, this is Red Deer Annie Moore, Adlantic Post-Morgge.
He's the only mortgage company in South Florida at the same location since 1982.
Why would you deal with someone else?
One branch?
And ready to help serve you.
If you want a free cruise, don't call them.
If you want it, terrain on a sunny day, don't call them.
If you don't want the paid closing costs, don't call them.
If you want greedy.
I call them.
Adlantic Post-Morgge.
In day, call 3059440733, order an driver to bomb each at 954-987-8077 for Adlantic Post-Morgge.
O-R-B-B.
That's Orange Bull basketball.
Orb is a double-header basketball brawl featuring coach Leonard Hamilton's Florida State Seminoles,
corn to the courtman of Nebraska Cornhuskers, followed by your hometown hurricanes challenging NCAA Final Four Powerhouse Louisville Rogers Guide.
All right.
Let's up you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack should be used.
Use you to the torture, cause they're just playing their game in the past.
It has to be worse with the dumb who's saved.
Oh, OK, 1014.
I had to play a short bit there because the hopper and I, Henrietta and Fagadoran and Gimjor.
Well, even saving, which is probably just as well.
What? Why don't I want to get in the middle of that?
Why not?
You could jump right in and through the beast.
The beast, by the way, is off the bread trying to save his life too.
And we're going to do the break. It's 1015 already.
We might have to do like side by each break.
This is the story of our tax.
This is 516-2-8.
What's solid?
It's been teamed and sounded to 718 that the historic Orange Bowl in Miami.
See the top teams from across six South Florida counties fighting it out on the grid aren't to see who is the best Orange Bowl youth football team.
From our information, log on to arnvol.org or call the Arnvol at 305-3-414702.
And remember, champions, take Orange and get the patch.
Hang Goldberg.
We came morning 7-10.
Stan Mangani joins us for 3DO560 QAM.
A lot's been said about half a looming over me and all of that.
And just to make it very simple, cab-brop me into the NBA.
I was unemployed at the time.
Then packed in me a chance to be a head coach in the NBA.
And then he allowed me to do what I wanted to do in this situation.
And my family is set up that we can do this.
I owe everything to the guy.
And this is characterization that he was stabbing me in the back and things like that.
It is just ridiculous and does not reflect the appreciation that I have for him and that my family is.
I have our Hank Goldberg 7-10.
Sports 3DO560 QAM.
Take a break and laugh out loud with Nearot.
Hello Near.
Yes sir.
Listen, you have a bit that gold.
That's the toy.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, look at my day, man.
I just want to show you that I'm like, hey.
Hey.
You want to go, hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
That was good.
Oh man.
Neil Rogers weekdays from 10-2 on 5-60 QAM.
Here's what's happening online at wqam.com.
Right after the win, Miami Dolphins tickets courtesy of Presidency and Port of Beer,
the true taste of real beer.
And that's what's happening online, a service of Sports 3DO560 QAM.
And that's what's up, Yogan.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Neil Rogers weekdays from 10-2 on 5-10.
A very upset, a very annoying.
I give it a big, and I give it a touch.
And drag my pony hair across the rug.
Ingle bearing, ingle bearing, ingle bearing, ingle bearing, ingle bearing.
They got me shaking in a minute, doing like a dancing.
I'm accused of my hand, who would have come full-grabble.
Like I got ants in my pants, when they both apply, makes us all live.
A crunch when I walk this way.
Make my spare time in my behind, in order to pit them, thinkgle bearing's away.
Making a trail right down to my knees.
In their talk, I'm in a tat.
Ingle bearing, all she's all signaling me.
I got the tingle bearing, I got the tingle bearing, I got the tingle bearing.
Can you tell me what this HUS and AD, my husband, had?
A bigger part?
The thing you just asked me here, I think it meant to say husband.
What? On today's pool?
The one that's on there right now.
The last thing most guys want to be called is my husband.
Right.
What have you said, Jim?
Jim is my husband right away.
I have no idea what that's all about.
Maybe that's Jim who's used to be really good at.
Anyway, here's the pool result from yesterday, then there's only one story that I want to do first.
I got a few later on, but I got to go into this whole emotional thing.
It is emotional.
I don't think anything on a show ever has affected me the way that that facts.
And of course that started like a chain of events, the fact that I got landspreding.
The domino effect.
The fat stomino effect.
From what's his name again?
Daryl.
Daryl in Lakeland.
Thanks, Daryl, because it looks like it'll have a positive end.
Or at least in some respects, something good will come from it.
The last thing most guys want to be called is, let's see how many votes we got on there, 1447.
Wait till you see the maras pool, I like it a lot.
Eric's already got it, or he should have.
The last thing most of the guys want to be called is Fag361.
You'll Faggotta!
On my BITCH-213, the P word-174, that's P-U-L, I'm sorry.
P-U, coward-124, a loser-117, a feminine-88.
I wonder if David Sampson has ever been called that.
With 49, David Sampson and Delilah.
Fat-47, Wimp-44, Liar-40, DUM-33, like your president, DUM dangerous though.
A Fony-29, an A-hole-28, outweigh-24.
Now it's interesting, because let's see, the top four or five there have like a ton of votes.
Yeah, the top five or six.
And then after that, it's not really all that much.
A Fony-29, A-hole-28, outweigh-24, pretty 18.
A wannabe-14, fruitcake-13, crook-13, cheap-11, scrawny-7, and beautiful, only six.
I thought that most macho guys didn't want to be called beautiful, and it kind of like a 14,5,6 votes by the way.
It kind of like, you know...
I didn't good, but there's some other worse choices on there.
You didn't good?
No.
So in other words, if somebody said you were beautiful, of course you're not, but I mean if you were, and they said that, that would be disturbing.
If who said it?
Somebody, anybody.
Oh, I see some other words if a guy said it.
Yeah, right.
In a very offensive, Georgia beautiful.
Ha, ha, come give me a kiss.
I got news for you.
But that studio right now is not going to be overblown by beauty at any point.
And we've got too many lineers here.
You know, this is...
I realize it's the holiday season, but the Clarence, this is getting way out of control.
I mean, you know, we've got a show to do here.
We've got plenty of spots to put on here.
And I'd like to have a little bit of show in between.
The Bigos Holiday Toy Drive is underway to benefit Miami Children's Hospital.
Dropbox is located in the Duralcindler North Miami Ale House, as well as the Carolina Ale House.
Unwrapped toys can be donated at these locations during normal business hours.
And look for the QA and Van.
Right now, as I speak, at the Hestation, 107th Ave and 41st Street in Duralc.
Stop by the drop off.
A new unwrapped toy for the Bigos.
Oh, I see this is the same old stuff.
Gosh dang, man.
Stop by the drop off a new unwrapped toy for the Bigos Holiday Toy Drive to benefit Miami Children's Hospital.
That's a hundred and seventh and 41st Street in Duralc.
So I guess I'll replace the other one because this is like a slap over.
It's pretty much the same thing, which would have been nice if somebody would have pointed that out.
Clarence, you are still in that booth talking up your ass, man.
You're just pathetic.
Hold on, we're sure very illuminating and elucidating for him coming in this morning.
Not sure he gave us some really interesting information.
Okay, here's one piece of interesting information before I go into my rant, which I will.
I might spend like two, three hours on it.
Just pour in my guts.
All right.
You know, I mean, and you participate, but then again, you know, it's just one of those things.
You're such a hard ass, uh, spickly.
It's easy for you to rag on people that you don't even really know all that well.
Like who?
Like Blahbo.
I was ragging on it.
You, you chime right in there.
I was ragging on it.
Yes.
Well, I was and you chime right in.
Say what about, uh, I don't want to let him.
Can we save it till we go into the chronological order?
The whole thing.
Okay.
Now are you denying it?
Did I ragged on it?
Just like you deny that you hate Rick Riley.
I don't know why.
Did I hear a lot of people that hate Rick Riley from the SUDs and Rick program?
I didn't rag on Blahbo.
I'll be happy to repeat anything that I did say.
And uh, I don't hate Rick Riley.
All right.
Let's see, man.
I beg your pardon?
And I don't hate Rick Riley.
You dislike him intensely.
No.
Not even.
I'm not fine with him.
Uh, I'm okay with it.
I mean, you don't want to go to lunch with him.
I don't even want to be on it.
You look poor, but I'm not.
How's that?
That's pretty good.
Hey, just like you, you know, you only have two people that you, uh, that you reserve,
the hatred and all that stuff.
That was right.
I also have a very good figure.
I get to you guys week and I apologize right now for that.
I had no reason to, uh, I don't know what, you know, like I told you before the show,
when you're away from, uh, person for a long time, they become like,
almost like a cartoon character, like for real.
Right.
I mean, and out of sight, out of mind, and then you start like, uh, you know,
it gets into a whole stick thing, but there's a big difference between stick and for real.
Although there are some people in this business who don't know where that line is.
They have a clue where it is.
And they also have no sense of humor.
But we'll get also into that.
Believe me.
Okay, here's the one thing I want to do before we do the next break.
Oh, God.
Can you believe it?
Well, that's what happens.
Another break already?
Well, it's coming.
Bear with us.
Collinus Bob Novak, who first published the identity of covert CIA officer Valerie Plains,
said he's competent.
The president bush knows who leaked Plains name.
Oh, my God.
Novak said I'd be amazed if the president didn't know the surface identity,
and that the public should bug the president as to whether he should reveal who the source is.
Novak's remarks reported in the Royal E. North Carolina news observer came
during a question and answer session, yeah, Tuesday, after speech sponsored by the
John Locke Foundation, a conservative stink tank.
Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer urged Bush to identify Novak source or to say he doesn't know who it is.
Right.
Or maybe just got bad memory.
This is Neil Rogers.
Just a guy.
This is 560-Q-A-L.
Delicious, honey.
I know, but we're not scary.
Funny.
Ready for dinner?
No way, mom.
That smells heinous.
I can't eat that crap.
Is the junkie and your family overly critical of your cooking?
Are you in need of something to bring back his strung out appetite?
Hi.
My name's Barb Bittuant, and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances that'll restore your drug addicted child's appetite,
just in time for Christmas.
Introducing the crackpot.
Now, you can cook up those shrooms, microdots, yellow bees, gorgeous snack, and angel dust with the crackpot.
Honey, ready for dinner?
No way, mom.
That smells.
Hey dude, mom.
That smells righteous.
Thanks, crackpot.
The crackpot.
The perfect Christmas gift for the strung out junkie and your family.
A bit of a little now at the Bob Marley Pericone Resort.
1032-Q-A-M.
Here's our award-winning schedule.
Mojaro David did it in such as he is, two to four this afternoon, with his bombastic approach to life.
Joj is a gackie for the mad dog.
Smokey bones four to seven.
Joj is a gackie.
Stuck, okay?
Jesse Agler, very briefly not.
Don't get panicked.
He's seven to seven thirty because we have another Panther game tonight.
Panthers TV is seven thirty.
It's an eight o'clock start, I guess, for ESPN or ESPN two or the Duce, the Trace, whatever.
Redweens in town to play to Panthers.
Looking for two in a row now after a big win the other night.
And then it decayed Seminole Hard Rock after the hockey game.
Maybe we should also put on a pole, but I doubt it.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Like that.
But I guess not.
Yeah.
I just played that.
It's just an excuse to play it.
So anyway, for people who might have been like busy over the holiday, all the stuff going on.
Friday, what time did that come in?
Was that like late in the show on Friday?
What?
The first facts from Dirl in Lakeland.
I don't remember.
Well, I've been watching it.
Well, whatever it came in, I think it was later on in the show.
And for those who don't know, Bob Lassiter was a guy who was a, in fact, I'll read this thing again.
Because I read it really hastily toward the SM, the show yesterday, and probably most people missed it.
From his blog that Dirl thanks to me yesterday.
But he was a guy who was a talk show host in the market years ago.
And then he went over to Tampa.
And he became like the big, the big cheese there, big literally and figuratively, a big, heavy guy.
And then went to W.L.S. in Chicago for a couple of years and then back into Tampa.
And then out of the business, he had a big contract dispute at WFLA about six years ago and then was off the air.
And I was it.
So last we heard about him.
So we get a facts from Dirl in Lakeland on Friday that says Bob Lassiter is in bad shape.
He's diabetic as you know.
And he's had a foot amputated and he's losing his eyesight and he's got a blog.
And my reaction to that was just totally unacceptable.
I have no idea why the hell I did that.
And I really feel bad about it.
Very, I kind of think of anything else I've ever said on a year and 30 years that I felt bad about.
I can't think of too much.
Can you?
That you feel bad about?
Yeah.
Hope.
That I said, yeah, I wish I wouldn't have said that.
I really don't know why I said that.
Like I said before, it's like out of sight, out of mind and people become on these shows.
They become like characters in some kind of an unfolding soap opera and they're not even for real anymore.
Especially when you haven't seen them in years and years and you haven't known about them in many years.
So my reaction to that was totally unacceptable and I do apologize for that and also want to retract it.
The only thing I ever apologize for before was, and this is on my own.
Nobody has believed me.
The management of this station wouldn't know Bob Lanceter if he sat on her head and believed me he wouldn't want to.
But once before I was thinking about this this morning, Rick Shaw of all people.
I was at INZ and the head of it would Rick and Sudson's I recall and the fact that they hated him like poison because they said he was impossible to work for.
And I was like, I'm not going to go forward and stuff like that.
Remember that?
Yeah, what about it?
Well, this is, but anyway, it's.
It's alive.
I am not.
I'm not seeing.
You know, it was Rick.
Who now of course is a big friend of ours and listen to the problem.
Hey, Rick, how's it going?
Happy is your new recall.
He's Ricky Tiki and washed that cap for the new year.
But anyway, so he was like trending to Sue because I was went on the year and I said he was a Nazi and right away the station required me to read an apology on it.
I'm not read one, but make one up.
So I made an apology, but of course I made sure that I made it worse than the original one.
I said, you know, I had said the other day that Richel was a Nazi and it's not with a capital and it's with a small end.
And I explained the difference, etc.
So I actually made it a lot worse.
The bastard.
Yeah.
And then turned out that Richel happens to be at least in my book, he's a pretty good guy.
Over 40 years on the year and it's God for a second market, baby.
He's okay in our book.
A little on the right wing, but nevertheless.
But in this particular case though, when I said some evil awful things about, you know,
and here's a guy that's in bad shape and of course being a fat slug myself and being diabetic and fooling myself in these
voluminous amounts of ice cream and you know working with some other very, very fat, I don't want to mention any names like the one that's sitting in the room now.
Although nice job on the bread now.
Gotta keep it up.
Yeah.
Well, I'm trying as long as you're still alive, there's a chance of not dying.
But the thing about my reaction to that is that so I went online and read the blog,
about my last letters blog, and it's so depressing because here's a guy that realizes now too late that he's abused his body with fat for so many years and now he's suffering the consequences of it.
And that's why I keep warning people like Hank and like some certain, yeah, with his good genes.
The diabetes is not, everything you've heard about it and read about it, it's true.
It's one of the worst things you can possibly have, not just in terms of the foods you can't eat anymore.
And with all the fat people in America now believe you with, and they already said, I only have diabetes among kids now teenagers.
Right, the type two.
Yeah, type two diabetes among teenagers which ordinarily type two diabetes used to start like at 40.
And that was it when you get fat and sedentary and stuff like that.
Now teenagers are getting, because everybody in America is fat.
Because the doctors don't want to get you healthy because then they're not going to get your money.
And the food manufacturers sure don't want to get you a slump because they want to keep peddling in more crap.
So it's all a big scam.
And then of course that's why we got all these prescription drugs being advertised on the nightly news every night.
Almost every ad now is for either a prescription or over the counter drug.
Yeah, but we got to get those drugies. That's right. That's what Bill Bennett and Rush Limbaugh said.
Anyway, so having read Bob's blog and realizing that even though when you know certain things in a generic way,
you know, and you've read about well, it can cause this and cause blindness and all these horrible things.
And you think you can keep fooling yourself and it doesn't really mean that.
It doesn't strike home. It requires something. A wake up call.
A real wake up call.
And two or three different times in my life I had a wake up call.
The first time I was working in Sarasota in 73, I weighed 266 pounds.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, not quite in the B-Sketagrel, M59, M54.
But I was a big, I mean a huge fat slob.
I told you, it used to take like a box of hamburger helper on a weekend watching a football game.
Football game on a weekend to get a box of hamburger helper, cook up a pound of hamburger, make the hamburger helper,
and then take the big cans of Hawaiian punch.
Yeah.
Eat the whole box of hamburger helper and the part of the beef that you cook at it, and the whole can of Hawaiian punch.
I mean, I was just a slob pig beast.
Yeah, I know.
So anyway, I started waking up in the morning with these headaches, man sweats, and headaches.
I went to the doctor and he said, oh man, if you don't lose some weight and get that blood pressure down,
you're going to need, that was the first time put me on blood pressure pills.
Told you where?
I thought I was 73, so I would have been like 31.
Okay.
Now what does this mean?
Daryl in Sarasota facts that's from Daryl, so I assume that he's talking about himself.
Yeah, but facts do.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what the facts tend to facts to blog.
I guess that's what that means.
Oh, in Sarasota, I'm saying Lakeland.
Sorry, Daryl.
I said Lakeland.
Oh, Daryl in Sarasota.
Because it was David Lakeland that set us the first one on Friday.
No, it's Daryl.
Oh, I don't know.
Well, what differences are make?
Okay.
Sorry, Daryl.
Maybe he knows David isn't like him.
Whatever the deal is.
Now what was I just talking about?
You were taking headaches and blood pressure on the doctor's head.
So I weighed 260, so that wake up call, and you were in a half, I lost 96 pounds.
How do you like that?
That was back when the protein's varying fast, it was really big.
And I got down to 170.
I was, man, I was beautiful.
Well, I mean, it's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
And again, I was okay.
In fact, I was right about the time I came flying out of the closet about a year or two after.
I was just having a wildhole.
Again, time.
And then of course, you know, then you get careless and sloppy, and you start going out to all of these meals.
Because you think, hey, now I'm slim and slim and trim, and all of a sudden the weight starts coming back.
Let's do the break, though.
This is kind of like a, see, with that 30th anniversary show coming up.
Not 30, man.
And much versus kind of like a prelude to it right before my vacation.
All right.
Like a mini, mini series history of the Anil Roger show.
This is Anil Roger's.
Put the bread down.
This is 5.62.
Yeah.
The genre and files.
For this day, the government refuses to release them.
Tonight on the history channel, you will find out why.
Only the history channel hasn't hovered, never heard before tapes of Lenin's rehearsal sessions.
Recorded under their constant surveillance of the FBI.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Not quite sure.
He didn't hold it.
We don't bother.
Yes, you're right.
There's a little bit of the FBI.
We'll really have bloody alone.
About the best, no Nixon.
No Spiro, I knew too.
About the best, no Quasas.
Or pulling bills of stupid youth.
About the best, no more love.
How much would that fool get?
Yes, it is.
Aren't you in a much troubled type, buddy?
I should be fucked right now.
Don't worry about it, I do.
And it's what both of us are fuckers.
Around the time of the century, we've had the kids who get you all to agree.
When the sword is broken in attack, you get a fact by invading the rock.
And like a pack of colorful blues, believe all the new you hear.
Sergeant, children, stop dreaming of the down.
Oh, backward, oh no.
This is a good idea.
Oh, yes, sir.
You want to go to jail?
Right.
I need that like a bloody hell in the head.
Get on through.
I'm on a railroad, boys.
It's more of a little FBI honest.
If this happens, Jane and Gehubo,
change about the blue boat in this pretty dress.
Yes, sweet gap, we like best for a date, like tow.
A boat, so.
It's a wig and diamonds on dates and bits with red,
a long white, pink, brown, and drag.
Busting all the fads, not his type,
and how luck the most.
Hey, long.
Man, we're all gonna get busted.
I think it's good to hear that.
Just have a look at the phones.
H-R, all good, then.
H-R, when things get rough.
H-R, all good, then.
What's the same John Daines, why food above?
It's 10.48, so we're going to leave off.
Somewhere between Friday and today.
You were, what's the doctor?
You were diabetic.
I love freshers.
I've got 7,000 pounds of food.
You guys IOD by that time I was back up to 240.
And, uh, and then what did I do?
How did I lose that?
I had the first stroke.
I had the, uh, that's really strokes,
but that was the first one, which was more serious.
And I was very lucky that I can still speak after that.
And I kind of like, uh, that was a wake-up call.
That's what I'm trying to talk about wake-up calls.
And so, following that, I got down to about, uh, oh, what?
About 195, they're about.
Okay.
I think once upon a time, about 185,
I was about to lower style.
I got, I think I was doing Atkins at that point.
Wasn't that, that was about the time when Atkins,
I was, I made it popular in downtown.
Okay.
Dr. Bob and I did that appearance at the Sologres.
Remember that we had a thousand or eight-year-old,
seven hundred books that day.
Hey, Dr. Bob, oh, that's right.
He's not with us.
Don't fall down, Dr. Bob now.
Too late.
See, the one thing is, when somebody's already dead,
at that point, I don't, I hold nothing back,
because you can't offend somebody when they're dead,
whether it's my mother or fat rich or Bob Atkins.
You know, who cares?
Right.
They're not hearing it.
When somebody's alive, that's when you don't do it.
Unless, of course, they deserve it.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't, don't, don't.
Which will get to that.
Believe me, I got plenty to say in that category.
Yay.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, that, that show is 380 pounds now this week.
You know that, that, that, that still Roger show is 380 pounds this week,
because that, a little tub of crap is, you know,
see, if, if I were in that category, where everybody,
if I worked in a building with 100 people,
and just about every one of them hated me like poison,
despised me, and no matter how much of a hard ass I was,
something, the spirit of something would compel me
to look in the mirror if I could handle it,
and say, what, what is wrong with me?
Why, why is it that everybody hates me?
Am I out of steppered like the human race, which in this case,
there's no question about me.
It means one begins the other.
What do you mean by that?
You had the ability to do that.
You wouldn't be the kind of bastard that you are.
Oh.
I see.
Well anyway, so this was a wake-up call to me on Friday,
seeing about four Bob with his diabetic situation and complications.
And this is what happens.
You know, blindness and getting your legs amputated
and all these other things, and then early horrible death.
Not good.
So maybe Bob is listening this morning.
It's possible online or not, or not, whatever.
But the fact is that maybe vicariously through his rock time,
he'll save my life, which I think is for in advance.
And I think the derl and who's the other one in there?
Whoever the people who are faxing,
because otherwise we wouldn't even know about any of this.
And I wouldn't have known about the blog,
and I wouldn't have heard about that experience,
the blob and the blog.
So let's see.
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Eight?
Is that right?
No, that's not right.
Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tuesday.
Six days.
Okay.
Now realize that's not like a lifetime.
It's not like a major accomplishment.
We're not going to write a bulletin on the front pages of New York Times on it.
Six days with no crap.
And this is like right on the heels.
Maybe that half a gallon of ice cream,
and the little pint of dulce de la duce de la leche.
That was it.
You know what I'm saying?
That was like getting it out of my system.
We're getting it into my system.
Oh, I got it out.
All right.
Believe me.
Wow.
Throughout.
But that was the end.
I mean, this is the end.
For her end, that was the end of that.
Because you can only full mother makes you so long.
And for me going on the year,
and it's like they got to call you the day.
Remember the guy that was talking about how much she loves his ice cream?
Mm-hmm.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
I love it too, but the fact of the matter is I'd rather be alive.
If you have a death wish,
if you're anxious to exit, well, hey, fine.
You know, die with a big smile on your face you think,
but you won't, it'll be agony.
And you'll go out in a miserable, horrible way.
Just keep picking out.
When did doctors keep picking?
Keep reaching for that pizza.
What if it's yours or somebody else's?
Oh, for me.
Yeah, that's it.
So yesterday, right toward the end of the show,
I get this facts from Daryl.
Now, this is Daryl and Sarah Soder, right?
Because I don't want to get Daryl upset because we keep saying,
Dave and Lakeland.
Right.
What are these people are?
Let's just say, Daryl and Sarah said it.
Yeah, the big D.
Ah, ah, ah.
The big D.
Now, do I want to read this now?
Do I have time?
Yeah, I guess I got time to read it.
The last thing that reported this on his blog, December 14th,
which is yesterday.
And this, and this was like a day after he initially got very angry.
Remember, he had that the shouting message you put on his blog
and big black ink, well, Nelson, how come you're listening?
And don't you have a life?
It's a reading my blog.
Well, the reason I'm reading it is because I take an interest in it
because this is somebody I used to work with and somebody I know.
And it's tragic.
And reacting incorrectly because you never said anything about it.
Like that you were unhappy with it.
And that's what he said in that screaming message thing.
That was unhappy with what?
Oh, it is a thing.
The blog?
Yeah.
No, I just said it was very depressing, which he, look, let me just say this.
I don't retract anything I said about his army or show.
When I, a couple of times, I was in Tampa when he was on FLA.
His show was, to me, and this is only my opinion.
It was so depressing.
It was like suicide inducing it just the combination of his great boys with Burrick.
But it's just the whole approach, which I guess if I had to work with those mugwomps in Tampa that long,
maybe I would have done the same thing too.
I don't know.
But it was just very, very morbid and depressing, I thought.
But that's just, that's a business thing.
It's got nothing to do with personal.
And the fact of the matter is that even though we did have the SUN falling out,
and you see, in life, we all remember things very selectively,
according to our own perspective.
In other words, whatever suits us, whatever's convenient for us,
we remember it through our own eyes and mind.
Okay, how we viewed it at the time.
Right.
So my perspective on the SUN falling out was that, you know,
he kind of like sandbagging all of us, you know, South Florida Jew Fag,
or whatever, plus suds and Rick, who were like either category,
but nevertheless, they were in a long for the right.
That was just my perception.
But I don't remember that much about it.
And I certainly don't remember this thing he refers to later on about some thing he blurred it out,
some shot he took.
I don't remember any of that.
Because it wasn't that thing of a deal.
And like I said, it was, this is not somebody that I really hated,
or even talked about that much.
You know, every now and then we'd have one of the talk show groupies from the West Coast.
Where's Bob Lassitai and who knows?
You know, I play one of the drop-ins and some of the stuff like that.
But it's certainly not something that I have any reason to hate or anything like that.
You see, there he is.
Great voice, but a little depressing.
And then the blog, like I said, is very depressing and why not?
You know, if anybody's going through that experience, it's just,
but it really opened up my eyes and my ears and my everything.
So I'm going to do the break and then I'll read this
because I don't want to fly through it.
And a lot of people have to don't even know what I'm talking about,
but that's not what's important, what's important,
and what I want to talk about today is this is a radio show.
It's a radio show.
That's all. I'm here to entertain.
That's what they painted it to.
Not to be a rocket scientist, not to be like the great educator of the public or change the world.
They painted me to be an entertainer.
And that's what almost all these shows are. They're entertainment.
And anybody who can't tell the difference between stick or tries to take things that I say that are obviously stick
and make them into serious and tell me that I deserve a bullet in my head.
Well, that person is obviously there are more on or just an Ojaan provocateur or both.
You know, the kind of people that run around stirring up crap and trying to get everybody fired.
The beast can relate to that.
See now there you go again.
It could have been almost anybody that could have been talking about, although not really.
This is the Neorajar show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
What? What? What?
What? What?
Any questions?
Do you love the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard?
You get live in constant fear of eating and flu?
Well, now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric birdbath.
Oh, hey, look, Harley. It's a brownhead in cow birds.
It's beautiful and no longer contagious.
The electric birdbath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu or eradicating power.
Look, Harley. It's a white-rested nighthack.
Correction, dear. It's a smoldering black-rested nut hatch.
And if you order the electric birdbath now, we'll include a free box of polywanda and exploding cracker.
Ha! Polywanda cracker!
The electric birdbath, because dying of avian flu is for the birds.
Love it a clock at 5.60 WQM.
Okay, here's our award-winning schedule. Moa 2, Joe Zagaki for German.
It should pour nothing's perfect from smoky bones.
Jesse Alger with seven of them, the Opanthorodwin game.
Ikeler.
Jesse Alger, algae.
Jesse Alger.
Alger.
Look for the QM van right now. The algae is hotel.
Remember that? I bet you don't.
No.
Long gone. How about the castaways? 163rd?
Yeah, I remember it.
Yeah, and I was interested.
A lot of people used to go to get done.
Cast away.
Look for the QM van right now at the Hestation located at 107th Avenue in 41street in Durau.
Stopped by to drop off a new unwrap toy for the big O's.
Lock solid.
How about a tour drive to bet him? I meet children's hospitalists at 107th and 41street in Durau.
They'll be there until 2pm. Look for the QM van.
And say, oh, who's who that? Who in there? Who that?
So anyway, getting back to this so long, and I don't know, maybe this is a bad idea.
I just felt the need to event today, you know?
Which I don't very seldom do this.
You go, you go, girl.
No, because this is generally speaking, a fun game with a few bedtime stories and interspersed
in between, and some of the stupid ass calls, which is part of the fun.
But I just, I don't, you know, I just feel compelled, the spirit of the season of the generic season
compels me to go in this stuff.
Do it.
Because in this business, like I said before, there is a line.
It's not a thin line. Not a thin line at all. There's a very thick broad line.
And that's why Friday, I feel bad about Friday because I step way over it.
Because it wasn't business, it got personal, and unnecessarily, was stupid.
And there's nothing worth to being stupid.
But I know where that line is, and I have for a long time.
And some people, of course, were very thin, skimmed up tight.
Well, he's picking on my pants and my wig.
Well, that's fine.
You can talk about my baggy pants and about, you know, a ginger and faggotorn and stale Roger.
Oh, who cares?
The part I find about that so amusing is the comebacks are so lame, so pathetic.
But nevertheless, that's what makes it funny.
You know what I mean? Kind of like what do you mean?
Week.
But that's a different sort of, you know, as opposed to saying, well, so and so was a white feeder or a child molester or a, you know, beech's dog with a stick or something like that.
See that? There's the big difference.
Or there a lousy tipper.
Oh, man.
And like I said, some people don't know where the line is.
That's why Mike Disney said, Neil Loes were the draw of the line and Steve, Mr. Ego, doesn't have any line, which is why he's on some horse ball station that we don't even know the collar is upright now.
And as to buy his way out of the radio, and you could put his whole audience in a telephone booth and everyone from the Chinese army left over.
And Nick Lawrence and Brian, whatever's name is, little Brian.
A Norma's Twinkie, little Brian.
So I just mentioned that in passing because there are some people who pretend that they don't know so under the guise of stick believe me.
Anybody who listen to the show for more than one hour, they know when I'm being serious and when it's just a fun and okay.
There's a difference between saying, oh, Kira fell off Sunstein and let's take her out.
Everybody knows what that is.
As opposed to going on here and saying, well, anybody would say these things on the year and any other market would get a bullet in the head.
Kira, there's a total difference.
Even just a tone of voice, I think, should probably be traded the audience exactly what the intentions are.
But nevertheless, some people got a sense of humor. Some people got certain human qualities.
And some people have some human qualities if he catch my drift. Do you know what I mean, Beast?
I know exactly what I mean.
Okay, so anyway, here's the blog from Bob Lancer on his thing, the posting on his blog yesterday.
Lancer posted December 14, 2005. It says I would have been about 1981, maybe 82.
When I first heard Neil Rogers, I was absolutely blown away. I had never heard anything like it.
The guy was smart, funny and compelling. He talked about this hours toilet like Bob.
He talked about the things that were important to me and he said them so much better than I could.
I was hooked, rare was the night that I wasn't glued to the radio hanging on his every word.
I was working at WKQS at the time, KISS.
I was Bobby Clipper the afternoon drive country jock. See, I never even knew that.
But I dreamed of being a talk show host. It was an impossible dream impossible because no matter how hard I tried, no one took me seriously.
Skip I had a couple of years. My life had been turned upside down.
Divorced, no longer Bobby Clipper and through a bizarre set of circumstances I found myself almost living my dream
if working at a pig of a station on weekend night counts.
WGBS and Miami was the third of three talk stations in the market and out of desperation hired me to work in a time slot that nobody listened to.
I listened. I remember those positive negative polls Bob.
But a state would have it the man I idolized heard me and thought that maybe just maybe I had something to offer.
One night after his regular shift Neil said in with the overnight guy Bill Cogler and at some point a Colorado snail who among me,
a couple dozen people who did talk shows in Miami, he liked to have dinner with.
I just happened to be listening when he said Bob Lasseter.
I couldn't believe my ears not only did he know I existed but he said that he thought I was worth sitting down with.
It was the golden age of talking Miami. There were slew of really good people on the air and here was the best of the best uttering my name.
Oh, there's that other thing again. Is that you ever sing my name? I was floored. It says Bob.
But it got better over the coming months Neil wades an on air campaign urging his station W.Y. and Z to hire me. Holy Schmidt.
How does he really mean holy Schmidt or does he mean does he think he mean holy cow maybe that I had that drop in.
Maybe ran to be playing that leader in the day to make a long story short. They eventually did hire me.
I eventually got to meet a work of my radio god. I continued to work weekend evenings but several nights a week I'd go to the station,
sit in the control room just watching him work, learning from, studying at the feet of the man I considered to be the master.
But they came when I finally got the chance to work full time but the job was in Tampa.
So I took all that I had learned and particularly the ability to speak from the gut and the monologue and set off on my own.
I became the erodgers of Tampa became a radio god. I've said it before and do not hesitate and say good now I owe my success to Neil. He stuck his neck out for me and allowed me to learn from him.
My good fortune in Tampa brought the opportunity to go to Chicago WLS but that turned into a two and a half year nightmare and this is where things between Neil and I turned dicey.
But then Neil had moved on to WIOD in Miami. Oh WIOD I hate that station.
Oh yeah yeah I don't think I need to write the book. I think what I need to do is like just narrate it on the year.
Right and I'm sorry I'll take you to do it. I think it would take that long. Anyway he goes on to say the station was owned by Cox Broadcasting which also owned WSU in Tampa.
Cox decided to swallow cast IOD's lineup on SUN. IOD kicked ass in Miami but the sound cast just wasn't working in Tampa.
So Neil suggested that Cox had me to do mornings at SUN thinking I could help the rest of the day in Tampa.
First and foremost I ain't no morning man but I did okay. The problem is that I wasn't able to transfer my audience to the other day parts in particular the show that followed mine.
Neil's time slot. Anyone who's ever listened to Neil knows that a major part of his act is to rag on other shows. It's his trademark.
Being a student I also had adopted the technique. The problem is that no one in Miami ever really gave Neil any shmit on the year in return.
Can I interject just one thing I guess Bob didn't know Dickey Farcle or did not know that Mr. Ego had done a series of shows where he invited certain guests on the year to rag on me for two three hours at a time but nevertheless I think it's point is that anyone who does it you know they get lambasted.
Oh Neil would say the most got awful things about his colleagues and almost never had anyone retaliate that isn't until I came along Bob says at first the sniping was relatively low level but it's slowly intensified.
He was pissing me off and I was getting to him he had taught me well it culminated during an on the air campaign you'll conduct a derby here from Miami area homeless shoulder that you he was selling a vest of Neil CD in sales
relagging behind previous years while the CD was not being sold in Tampa and my show wasn't carried in Miami Neil blamed me for not pushing it on my show.
Listen curated me it was absurd it would rag on me during his show and I returned the favor on mine it's escalated escalated until I blurted out something that hurt and embarrassed him hurt and embarrassed my mentor and I which George and I have been like
confabulating about that I know I have no memory of any of that part of this no it would serve no purpose to read the data here we are probably the only two people
remember I guess he's the only one because I don't but things between us have never been the same a cheap shot evidently and why not do I regret it when I take it back
I could of course I would it was only stick nothing personal but it caused a rift of last to this day.
So now I have a new reader here on the blog the man who I owe my success to the man who I admire and idolized the man who I had a very
public falling out with for whenever it's worth thanking you I'm truly sorry the things to know as they did is that is that I got emotional about when I read it yesterday right
like what I mean emotional now huh wasn't being sarcastic I think you should call it that's heartfelt well how am I going to call them well you know I have to
assignment when I'm on vacation next week you got to find out how I can get in touch with him I already started I spend a good 20 minutes
this morning trying to get some contact information you know how most websites or blogs have you know contact us or contact info
and I scoured twenty contact does he have that no I think he's got that because he's had a one way blogging and by the way I
haven't agreed with that like I told you last week the last thing that anyone especially somebody was in the shape that he is but
anybody even in good shape the last thing you want is a bunch of crap coming about which we found on our chat room on
ear Rogers dot com when we first started that I just just a stuff that winds up on here most of which has nothing to do with the
show or any of us just a bunch of idiots shouting back and forth at each other just wasting your space and time just really garbage
I thought I'm going to stop looking but in the meantime if anybody can contact him you know Jorge at Neil Rogers dot com
yeah but the only problem with that is that see I thought about that and I'm not going to start responding because anybody can give you an email address
you know I'm saying that is correct I want to make sure that I'll talk to the royal person I'll do the work
assuming he would want to which I can't see one out because I don't really I don't really consider that it would be this great
rift or there certainly was never any great hate it was just there there was a falling out and it was just that we had the feeling that
we got tossed under the bus and it is to which the whole idea was stupid anyway putting us on in the air and Tampa it was
idiotic right I mean yeah we didn't have a lot of people at that first remote but a bunch of you and then of course I tell you
another thing that really did not help us over there much more so than anything that he ever did was when we were there for the week
were you there that week I want their eventually right halfway through the week and Randy made a big deal on the
air about going to the dollhouse which was right across from a hotel we stayed out which was a strict club right and made a big
Simmons about getting her hooked up with a stripper a I mean you know oh god yeah we already had this Jew
bag on the air one which they could tolerate that they could handle that but then the idea that maybe Randy
Rhodes was some bull like or something like that you know oh that could only help no it did not help it was
tremendously a negative way to help to create the Simmons that oh my god he's so full of perverts and not
of course that they're not all perverted over there in Tampa like they are everywhere else but it just it
just don't count to them Yahoo's over there then there was biggest problem is that they switched format with no
of no promotion no warning not only that but they kept repeating the same show over and over the tapes of the show is
oh I think I was on like 18 times a day for four hours it's now or two hours I think we added it up and you were you were on
like 12 to 18 hour of the day and every dick of us when in doubt they wore it out you know too much of a
bit like having 17 bananas splits you know one is good but 17 is a little over the top let's
what be said all right that look I don't know something you've got the right idea I planted the seed
there if he wants to run with it if he wants to do something good for himself and his bride to be in
his life fine if not you you can only bring a horse a horse's ass to water you can't make it stink you
know what I'm saying so we're to play that seed back home I just got to say a horse's ass
so anyway that's that's where we are with that you know what I'm saying I'm gonna love more to say
about it but it would be that's your assignment for next week I really would like to I plan to
uh to talk to all the be honest with you and at this point I really don't know what to say other than
what I've said on the ear because it's a tragic I I thought about it if I was like you know not doing
well on my last leg a call you would cheer me up is that it hopefully today might do that a little
bit because I don't really harbor any horrible they just they're just aren't that many people I
and so instead of three which I said on Friday and I have no idea why I said that I'm certainly
would never put him in the same category with the other two one of whom everybody who knows
is the unmentioned of the one who is not a radio person just a radio interference educator and the
other one being of course without a shadow of a doubt the most evil person I have ever encountered
in my life he makes my father seem like a good guy wow how do you like that that's hard you know my
father who said there's no such thing as love it's just a word yeah he might have a point yeah
well I grew up in an equate environment I'll tell you that you're like being growing up in the
North Pole which explains my warm cutlery personality this is Neil Roger this is 5.62
today on doctor it's Jessica Simpson and Nick Lichet what have I like her a lot but I think
she's crazy everybody blast me and make fun of me you are a phenomenal idiot tonight it's fish not
shit you know you're smart I don't know I said you want to hear the truth I just think you are
1117 she sure isn't she did the same to him it's 1574 the total on the pool the last thing
most guys want to be called is bag 390 my bitch 236 the P word 189 that said we can't even say that
very sad coward 131 a loser 128 a feminine 94 with 53 fat 50 went 49 liar 40 a whole 34 can't say that
no more either dumb 34 a phony 29 ugly 29 pretty 18 what a pretty guy I don't know I want to be 15
what about gorgeous you want to have that on air like gorgeous George because normal I used that word
oh he was just gorgeous what about fabulous no not fabulous that's the gorgeous we can do it you
could spell it it won't be on it that long but pretty 181 to be 15 what do I know a lot of those
especially in this business cheap 14 crook 14 fruit cake 13 scrawny 8 and beautiful only six
that surprises me I thought that when you call the guy beautiful well if a woman says you're beautiful
wow what a compliment that is if another guy says you're beautiful you just punch him out when
in doubt that's the way it goes something like that now what is this story that the beast was
going to tell us about a windy two pay what was that all about yeah I don't I forget what day
it was but listen I happened to have a radio accident and yeah tuned in for the beginning of
the mad dog show yet caught the tail end of the Howard show the SN yeah yeah and the last things
he was saying as he was saying goodbye where that is he thought it hysterical that his daughter
had called him the day before and she was in the the parking lot of publics and was giving him the
play by play as a man was walking to the parking lot and this man's two pay was blowing off his head
then kind of Howard just kind of you can tell he thought about it and realized he looked like an
idiot so he said I should have shaped my head years ago but it was just coming from his mouth
talking about how someone's too bad to pay was blowing off their head it was
I think some people before they start talking about me and my baggy pants and my appearance
and everything but maybe they ought to look in the mirror themselves okay maybe in fact maybe
somebody did maybe that's why that George Washington powdered wig disappeared the one that had
the comedian look to it you know but that's okay that's fine I mean it's like me calling the
beast fat it's not good not good style although you're a fat slob and I'm just I'm saying it out
of love trying to get you on the I don't know I don't know so far so good what does that mean
well we're two days and we lost an ounce or two this week that's good yeah yeah but I have
maybe the weight of the show has decreased in the last couple of days the weight isn't 385
anymore like it was a couple of days ago you know what I'm saying who weighed more
man was by the time you started pulling your weight when you worked this show let me tell you
right now that's a lot to pull believe you me even more in baby can't believe it five say I
know if I won't take any calls to them feel like very I don't know what just not reading it huh
no we call it no no no no no no call me at all like I'm having some kind of a spiritual experience
here because I I had an awakening yeah and I know you made your efforts but you you already had
your fill of trying to save fat people and I think you you reached your core you and exhausting
and depressing when you fail and usually useless you know that's that's it because it's like
beating your head against the brick wall it was a lot of these other things didn't get it done for me
like other fat people that have a like fat rich having the heart attack of a track and dying
right there it's a day didn't I could because that was no surprise to me I mean I was like a
multi-part dying that he went through and you know how when people commit suicide all the people
around them they all blame themselves like they know is there something I could have done well
that's how are the friends of them family of fat people feel like we can do enough even though we
know that we did everything that we possibly could yeah yeah just tell them push that push that
second helping away stuff like that a lot of calls coming in now this ought to be really uh
something we'll see how this goes w 2 a.m. hello hey you know oh god yes sir hey you're turning
to Richard Simmons of the radio saving the fat people yeah so hey I'm accident about a week or
so ago yeah listen into uh to mow and I could have sworn I heard him saying that there would be no
fight between you and him incineating that you would just cry yeah yeah that's it I'm just
trying to uh bust your chops no you're trying to stir it up is what you're trying to yeah I want to
stir it up because I want to stir this go smoke and quit stirring it pick out the seeds and go smoke it
see what I mean about the audience that no matter any of the stuff that I just said there's the
element of the callers who nothing is ever serious to them if if they're closest friend had a heart
attack in front of them and you know passed out on the floor it would be like uh he was just
such a clown yeah like that and those for the most part that's about 90% of people call radio
talk shows idiots WQAM hello hey good morning Neil yes sir I'm a Tampa listener that's lucky enough
to be in South Florida today you mean I'm lucky enough I just wanted to say I appreciate
reading what you did about Bob I was aware that he had a program just in check into it like
Liam started hearing he's doing so poorly but yeah so you want I do remember those days of radio
and unfortunately not like I said to be able to listen to you over here sometimes and then
you know was able to listen and Tampa to Bob and you know all the other douchebags on the radio but
just want to say I appreciate what you did it was that right there a few minutes ago it was good
radio on my book so okay how was it when you know thanks Kelly but you see it wasn't just good radio
or whether it was good or bad it was just you know just me venting because one maybe once
every like blue moon every is in years there are things that you need to get out you need to say
yeah and just like about the creature that we got following the show you know when somebody
goes on the year I mean if I'm the program director of common management and somebody goes on the
no matter forgetting a setting aside personalities sitting sitting aside anything else and somebody
goes on here and says I urge you not to listen to the show that follows me see I never heard
of such a thing I've been in a business only like let's see 46 years so what do I know I never
heard such a thing to me that would be bye bye see ya whoever heard such crap or under the
guys of stick disguise they're sick this matter saying things on the air that deserve a bullet
nail like that bye bye but unfortunately we got the management that continues giving themselves
in a pickle that they can't extra-cute themselves maybe I don't get a hold of Jay Roqueach he can
help them with a pickle problem because Beast was telling me the other day that Jay Roqueach
you know from the Roqueach the Roqueach pickle people that's his fan he said that Jay's got a
pickle problem so anyway just to keep you up to date I think it had something to do with my
frozen phone hey I'll go ahead I got an email and presumably from Bob it says Bob yeah with an
email address and a phone number right and I replied back with the hotline number and and that's
wow how long was that five minutes ago saying you know call us as you can how do you like that
well see like I said if Bob does call see I don't I don't know what to say to him because I feel
so bad now how you do it well I know how we well I really don't know how he's doing today but I
mean just from reading the vlog it's obviously not it's not a pretty picture you know
I'm asking if he saw you know a master's ball
now what does that mean what what I were talking about movies you know
you are you are Bruno that's maybe saw way of the gun stop with if he saw this and saw that
the man is losing his eyesight for crap what is wrong with you how about network
I'm leaving I'm failing out I'm going back to bed had a rough night at wood buying get most of my
money back watching all them donkey races so so we'll see if we get then what did you give me
give me your email address now where did you hit the email he's I told you I gave my
Neil Rogers dot com email out on the air and he fired an email right off to it
I said we did a tim and not somebody pretending to be him right and so I
replied right now his and he gave you his phone number yes well why don't you call him during the
break try to make a call on this hotline over here and something's wrong with it we'll work on
it during the break oh man I can just see it right now the flames are engulfing wqa and the
whole building is up and flames we're trying to call out to get the fire department or call
and while we can't get the phone to work I mean we are just a radio station but then again tell
us the best ask a good course or about that tell us phone so let me start talk about people I
hate yeah I hate tell us how about the engineers some of them anyway by the way I understand the
engineers been put in the quarantine for 10 years because of his mental situation 26 past 11
and see there's a difference between that and I saying that so and so for Linda Blank there's
there's a definite line there okay and I'll push the line as much as anybody else but don't
cross it that's what it on Friday and I should know better net after a hundred years of doing
this it was bad it was it was bad for him it was stupid it was not really a mint and it was just like
you know kind of a gut a knee jerk reaction in a really stupid way why would you want to like
crap on somebody when they're when they're down why would you want to do that George
oh you would you would because you just basically a hard ass you know that's right I understand it
not personal Georgia just that's his uh think that's right just a miserable problem stick mother
wife 27 past 11 at 560 WQM Pompato Park Racing and poker's got the gambling action you be looking
for featuring live harness racing the great poker card room Pompato Park is open for racing
every Wednesday Friday and Saturday and best of all admission and parking are always free at
Pompato Park come root home a winner from the radio come on Brucey whip him again baby or enjoy
poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day hey wallay this finish line is over here
baby we also have harness through but how I assemble casting action every day seven days a week from
tracks all across the nation and even North America like uh would buy a post-time at Pompato Park
is 725 PM in the card room opens at noon come enjoy fine dining in the top of the park restaurant
the sixth floor and every Wednesday is dollar night with draft beer hot dogs sodas and much
share more just a bucket piece Pompato Park easy to get there from the turnpike or i 95 it's just
blocked south Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the racing schedule a more information call 954
972 2000 around the wicked web at compano park dot com don't forget the live racing Wednesday
Friday and Saturday post time 725 at Pompato Park this is new Rogers this is 560 Q8
Roger time it's gay cowboy songs from the gay cowboy movie featuring homo homo on the range
where the queers and the candle looks like
and mommas don't let your babies grow up to be gay cowboys don't let them wear chats and lipstick and stuff
make them play football and kiss girls and such and we'll we're back here in St. Fran again
where the women don't outnumber man first I was afraid I was petrified
I can't think a cowboy's best friend is a poor guy that's you thank the girl and happy males to you
it's fun to stay at the YMC in cowboy songs from the gay cowboy movie the soundtrack is great
loving 33 a Q.A. and let me just ask one question positive or negative
hello positive I'll see this isn't working this line 12 you got uh you hit it wrong
what did me and I hit it wrong was doing that when you were hitting it oh no please don't tell me
we'll just hit it again okay let me hit it again hello now you're talking yeah here there he is
yeah I'm here you're just fine I'm learning how to do this going thing will you sound like you're in a barrel
I think you're pardoned you don't know what you're in a barrel I can't
know as well and maybe I am I ought to be in a barrel we're gonna get a foot of snow here today
really I bet you I'm one of the few people who remember those pools do you remember them
sure I do it's the only thing I could do I got one hour they would book me with guests I got one
hour to myself and I didn't know what to do if I had no no listeners and I was the only thing I could do
you would sit there the following one day and give me uh on the air because we have never spoken
you would give me tips on how to do polls yeah I remember you know vividly you told me that I had to
always have a juicy question well one the one thing that was was I think you were by the other
than me you were the only person in the market that would like talk about everybody else on the
air and positive and it was just really shocking that uh anybody else would go on the air and
mention all the other talk people on different stations because you're right there were like three
stations do and talk at that time there were 19 people that did talk wow and some of them actually
belonged on the air yeah there were two or three different people now you didn't think there
were decent but I did such as uh David Gold no go my god now the people that I learned from when
I realized I was going to do talk I sat down and I listened to everybody and there were three people
that had something in common you ran tell and came yeah and uh you know there's a thing that I
learned from the three of you was that and you in particular but the grand talent came also
did it from time to time with Gwen and I said this a million times that you're a stomach open
you got out on the table and let people pick through them yeah that was that's what I did this
morning exactly and that was the difference between you guys and the other 16 and that's what I
learned from I tell you we had some pretty interesting times I think the s you went thing in the
beginning uh remember we didn't know you were there weren't you the mall when we had the 5,000
people show up are I remember this closer to maybe 1500 but I'll take your 5,000 no they
they told me 5,000 I don't know if your members what it was but there were a lot of people there
were a lot of people yeah yeah let's say a couple thousand make me feel better but uh I don't
think that did you hear about the what I mentioned about the Randy thing at the dollhouse I don't
think that helped no uh the the you know your memories is really bad I never take you
I'm really old too okay I never really want to be rickid sudd I ripped on a Randy because she
left my studio in an absolute mess and yeah you're you didn't at that time she could do no wrong in
your eyes so you know that this Jew often she could do no wrong in my eyes right at that time
was that day what day was that oh at that time she was the goddess I mean she was brand new
I can verify this that's that is what was going on there part of it is it really Randy was a pig
I don't know if she's got no of that but she was a pig and would leave a mess in the studio she did
it at iod if you recall yeah and that's the only thing I really ragged on you would listen to
coming off the track and then on your show you would critique my preview show which really pissed me
off I'm sitting there in the morning I had no calls and nobody to talk to and that would piss me
off and so then I would rag on you oh wait a minute I would be coming home from the track at nine
o'clock in the morning no at night and you would listen to the replay oh I see and uh you know
just you know rip me unmercifully well I didn't want to leave you out you know
there's no point in uh crying over spilt milk and rehashing all of that crap that's uh you
know it's all in the past but it was really much into about nothing wasn't all this
significant now the the thing that I was uh astonished by because first time I ever heard about it
was the what you call two and a half years of living hell the WLS in Chicago was that all about
oh it was awful literally my very first day the very first show they were waiting for me
out in the hall and every day um if it was screaming and hollering and bitching and mowing
yeah and uh I asked immediately to get out of the contract and they said no you know you got
five years of war here boy well what were they upset about because they didn't like well
across that midwestern you know everybody's got to be real low key and real polite that
woman western thing right well I know I constantly offended everyone I offended the
whole week people I offended the Japanese people I offended uh of the Catholics and it was just
awful so how did the last two and a half years though how did the last two and a half years yeah
they were just mean I wanted to come back to Tampa and Tampa was going to accept me but they
wouldn't let me out of the contract and so we just every day so after you finally you skip
from there was that when you went to the cornfields in Iowa yeah and that's why I remember how we
got to hold you but I got your number we called you and said issue and need you badly which I don't
know if that was a good thing or a bad thing but at the time I thought it was a great idea well the
mornings of us you and word disaster and that's what you heard the afternoons it actually went
really for damn two but you never heard that yeah um you know what they gave me some people to talk to
and we loosened up a lot and uh actually I enjoyed the last two years that you and that was fun
it was a style of radio I had never done before you know I blew out all the monologues I blew out
all the political talk and just basically to the stream the consciousness yeah sure yeah
yeah with fun a schmoozfest at a work and I personally recall a week that we were there when the
bird showed up every day he was supposed to show up one day because he had been came from my show
a long since when he lived in Lapland so he invited himself to come and I thought that would be
a good idea let's uh you know because again there were no real hard feelings on my part he just
wasn't he wasn't appropriate to be on the AM show he was fine on Zeta but uh we just he was
didn't fit in plus every time I talk about sports or anything he didn't like he'd throw a tantrum
but he showed up the first day and because he oh he we fed him well and he enjoyed it so much
he showed up for straight days well I remember that week uh I thought that was a fun week I
enjoyed it was it was you and I did an hour together a dual in carts and
new in carts and eating a lot I remember the cut the deli they didn't last very long in
Tampa they're like four Jews in Tampa but I remember that deli that brought me was that it
yeah Michael Schwartz a deli in Tampa it's like selling halivot the North Pole it just didn't work
out too well he tried so hard he initially put out a really great product but you know unfortunately
it's the one went there the the product declined and the board ended up selling cars actually
I bought a car from me wow still have it too so let me ask you this at the risk I don't want to
get too personal on here I will call you off to you but that's whatever I just I just
wondering what you know are you able to get out of the house much are you like pretty much
no my spirits are very good but the reality is I didn't lose the entire foot I lost 40% of it
but that makes a you know mobility very very difficult right I can see well enough to
a function of the house you know obviously I can work on my computer but I cannot drive and
no I look out the window and I can't see across the street I could only see about 20 30 feet
but thank goodness for your wonderful wife phone uh yeah she you know what I put her through is
incredible it's been a roller coaster you know fortunately I saved my money so I don't have
any financial problems and my spirits are very very good I think it's considered and uh no I'm
able to function I'm a record anyway so it doesn't really bother me yeah no I'm glad you're the one
that said that well I'm gonna be reading the blog every day don't don't feel bad when you see
those hits from Toronto on Error Amsterdam wherever I happen to be because I'll be uh I just you
know and I think vicariously if there's any little uh good thing that you may think about
in your plight is that you really have given me a wake up call blood study I've been on the
very narrow path for six or seven days now and you you can only uh full mother nature so long
well I must tell you there's something that just absolutely made me laugh out loud last night
you know I put up a post saying I don't have any fears do you think I have in Toronto
well I got a second one last night and you'll never believe as I p address yeah rogers.com
I don't understand. Oh that's that's our yeah that's our that's our cable system here and they
also have an internet connection rogers cable and of course all the stadium that they bought
they were all used to be the sky dome it's not called the rogers center. Yeah so I now have
seat readers in Toronto. There you go see say you're picking on me and you got another one out there
and now I have a few people do this on the internet up here and hopefully I won't run into them
but I thought it was pretty nice of them shortly after I came and started doing my shows here that
they named the baseball stadium after me it was kind of nice the team was not too good but at least
they named it after me. Well I'll bring the envy I'd move there if I could. Yeah well you'd love
it I'll guarantee you that. Except I said today I think you'd love it too much in about two hours.
No I've I've always stayed in Florida now I'm trapped here. Yeah it's uh I'll tell you if I
had to come back and do the show there I just I don't I think I would just head to least and keep
keep sailing. It's a horrible place it really is filled with no contents and uh well yeah but my
telling you is across we have to bear. Hey Bob listen I'm so glad you called take good care
yourself and I'll be in touch please do. You know I'll be on that blog every day okay do so don't
rip me too much okay okay take care be good. How about that that was good the quick job there George
yes it was did you do it or not I do that well he he responded right away so therefore thank
good for the way I told me to probably be listening because not that I'm looking for the
publicity on his blog you know he didn't need to be writing about me a lot I'm not the
I got the phone fixed and I called and it was busy and I thought all I know his phone doesn't
work and you be sure in fact all his numbers so I can get in touch with him I'm not it right now
there you get on it 16 till noon at QAM this is Neil Rogers this is 5 16
QAM this is 5 16 QAM
Travelosive presents the roving gnome denouncement of travel myths our first myth if you fly for
the holidays you won't be able to afford a summer vacation next year. Oh please sure with
travel philosophy you're gonna great fan for holiday travel plus at discount on future hair travel
myth number two trips to San Francisco could be unwise for those who are unfamiliar with the cities
many areas that cater to the kinky tastes of those of an alternative lifestyle. Don't give balls
I know this city likes the back of my clothes have clothes have clothes have I'll be getting off
with the next stop Mr. Trotter I can't wait to see the Bruce Lee film festival
I don't got like you better be careful you know oh it'll be alright
my god it's foggy around here I can barely read the signs oh oh this must be it this
so fjory my favorite oh thank god you must be the dwarf they sent from the agency I'm not a dwarf
I'm a gnome I don't sure if you're a pig me get your ass in there you're late
while you're pushing me this is the phanta but you know they're filming very very great
the dorks of fair all right the rain struck colleges scene one action well come on boys hold
him down this time for the examination my pants my underwear my god so visit travel
philosophy dot com slash San Francisco even if you traveled during the holidays you can't afford a
trip out west no you can't afford it I think I'm engaged to a man where are you little friends oh god
stop again it's all I'm 50 tenderloon the palm that I was shut down in both directions and I
was just about to give you the story out why and what's going on in some kind of investigation
and then the other the sun sent I'll screw my whole computer up there's something with that website
haven't I told you that before yes you did well what's what's their story which one everyone
and now I got to like read boot my computer here and look a boot it and the whole deal anyway here's
the facts from Darryl and Sarasota again says neo-Rajas and Bob Lacer at the same time the greatest day in
south for a southwest Florida radio ever thank god no problem Darryl thank you for a send along
that thanks from the other day right that is great radio there you go I would have been greater
radio if the phone line wouldn't have been so bad it was not a good line that this why like no it
was rough getting it to go on longer but it was not a great line it was sound like we were both
in some kind of a girl here how and here's another fact that says that was huge of you so to speak if
you save one life it's great hopefully you're own best for his to Bob and his family it's only
radio have a good that's only a radio show so radio show it's not life it's not real life and
what people have problems you know they transcend all of this crap that we do on here and all the
silly the simple things out there with their calls and their little noises and their yeah some of
you people really belong I would say a rubber room but that would be too good for you no no yeah no
that's what is wrong with you man you don't think he what loves it when you use his drive I'm sure
he does and I'm so would we talk I can't give that feel so much better now because people let know
me see this is another thing because and I've told you this many many times but it bears repeating
you watch somebody on television or you listen to one and in fact radio with so much more so
because on television you see somebody you know facially and you get the body language
radio you hear a voice and even if you know what the person looks like and believe me most of us
have a face in a body for radio but you don't know the person right the radio show well there's
one person we do know that's the story oh I listen to Mohim is what do we get that I'm
bigger part but do we start right next couple of hours boy you're just you're just
Jones in our childhood is a bit boy you just wanted like any bread so I have to get out the
to the back move up about that bit well all the fact of the matter is that the the worst
stuff that he does is not on the year I guess he's used to pull him all his shenanigans behind the
scenes and making threats and storming around you know mr. buster which is my new name for him
it's a bunch of crap and only the most weak need and the net management would tolerate the kind
of stuff that's gone on in the last four years I've listen I've been doing this a long long time
maybe too long but I have never encountered anything like this this isn't just the case of
oh two guys who don't get a long or see eye die this is the case of just massive interference
see this is the reason I've got both those two people on my list the people that I despise and
which evil things I'd like to have voodoo dolls because when people interfere with your life the one
person co-two the three years off of my life made my life a living hell in my career and the other
person tried to destroy George let's see I mean she would go through the list and in my career
when I drop the bomb but it made the and then had the nerve to sit down and emit both things to my
face and then try to apologize yeah so it's like stabbing somebody through the heart and say oh
gee I'm sorry let's do lunch not bad yeah they didn't they don't hold any water with me and if
you think I'm gonna make up with that beast the blah blah that little piece of crap you know I don't
know how anybody goes through life being at war with the entire world it's just it how can you
survive that way I don't know how anybody could call the beast little well he's five four I've
short that little tub not on your back and at any rate so that that was uh amazing astonishing
you see just like Bob says you never know who's reading your blog and you never know who's listening
to we got some people listening on the internet so I'll take you that oh that's correct yeah
haha no I think he's probably listening on the air in voka he's still driving around in circles
looking for what wolfies used to be now maybe we'll have to beast do the last two hours because you
seem to be all juiced up for a slugfest I would love to see you and the mole myster slug it out
in the hallway oh man super yes you probably you'd probably be punching his kneecap it could be
sumo how was it let it touch you because I don't know what's on his hands
sumo wrestling huh yeah beast is the suit yeah a boy named su I got a diaper in fact all that
like ribbon on rag and on him all the time I actually ripped your mother on here I think that
me but I need George and I've been doing that for years why don't you start he was beast was
telling me before to show today about his mother was he and the force feeding and about
because he weighs about 18 pounds and about when he now what did you say when you're four years old
you wait how much I don't know how much I weigh that was a puppy puppy and mama sent him to weight
watches when he was four years old I was in like all sorts of so groups for like you know four
year old mommy has made him neurotic about being fat ever since he was like a little shy so as most
all you people that have weight the weight store know the more neurotic you become about it then
the more difficult it is it's like almost impossible because you become obsessed with it that
that's all you really think about I'd have to know the most people at least they get on the
scale but now did you get on the scale a second time or was that just the one time is that we
don't know how about it we'd ask of me how many times huh yeah the heath has carved a
face today or this morning I don't have to walk upstairs for that come on
but there's five pounds on the way you are just brutal anyway I'll look at the sunsend I'll see if
I got my thing back on here and see what the deal is Palmetto was shut down in both directions
and then there's this other thing where they crafted you see the crash knowledge crazy spectators
interfered Palmetto is back open now we're back up and they exploded a device they thought
I was some sort of device they exploded it I see it's okay beauty 1156 on a very astonishing
day a QAM don't forget come up at two o'clock well this is Neil Rogers
with the good news is 5.6 Q.A. and this portion of the Neil Rogers at 12.1 hour is brought to you by
the letter 12 12 4 5 6 7 8 9 11 12 so the license of pizza all for me
and coming up tonight and inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
program you profile story they have an amazing story of how they got their name
and that's about it they were hoody and the blowfish
we had these two friends one we called hoody because he looked like an owl and the other
we called the blowfish yes he was always popping out his cheek
Vanleys Darious Rucker and Mark Bryan just told us the complete list of everything interesting
about their band well thanks for being here guys it's a big juicy sub
oh wait wait wait we did the Saturday morning cartoon show about a sponge named voody and his
blowfish yeah we brought a clip look at our blowfish that's cool the background is getting on us
oh we didn't really do a Saturday morning kids show did you
nah we just made the clip to bring to the interview yeah we didn't want it to be over so fast
I see well then is that it oh wait wait wait wait no no no did we tell you the story about our
friends yeah yeah one called hoody and the other one called blowfish yes well yeah yeah that's
all we've got yeah we're done yeah hoody and the blowfish you heard them they're done it's a big
juicy shopping with look at your business tonight on inside the line excuse me but I do believe
I think I'm just gonna play that for two hours all right okay I was that oh I like it or
just I would just put the beast on to rip his buddy for two hours and then this good idea I can go
well take a nap so he's ready to go man he couldn't even stop for the break well you know something
after I got a couple of things here and then I'm gonna let you do what I say whatever you want
and of course the problem with his he always promises to deliver something like really outrageous and
and he never says anything everybody is not only a person but you have to be a potent product
well now let's watch Sam Radden like the Pillsbury Dolboi look at the Q&A van right now at the
head station one oh seventh avenue and 41street in Dorao stop by to drop off a new one
Raptor for the big rose holiday tour and drive to benefit Miami children's hospital it is really
walk solid hundred seventh and 41street in Dorao the van is it'll two o'clock so bring your toys
we're not those kind of toys we know our crowd screaming mob traps driver after SUV and child
collided in Miami police and fire officials say they're furious over an accident they quickly turn
ugly when a mob gathered and impeded the rescue of a youngster who collided with an SUV if this
child dies it's on the head of a lot of these people who are acting in that fashion one police officer
said what's your rubber necking idiots man if there's one thing I hate about rubber neckers it's
that they're still alive according to officials the driver of red-shaving blazers truck a
60-year-old boy near north west second avenue and 69street around six o'clock last night
an angry crowd quickly gathered banging fists on the car and then kicking and banging on a
fire truck when it arrived they also got in the way of a rescue work a rescue worker trying to
help the injured boy the driver Marie Medjeein Andre 25 of Miami it stopped the SUV she was driving
after the accident but was trapped inside by the shouting crowd after they started kicking and
punching the vehicle paramedics waited for the police to arrive but officers had to call for
backup to this first of crowd said Miami police department spokesman Delrish Moss I think the
biggest thing is that rescue couldn't get to the child you have people who are pretending to act
responsibly but rather they're acting like a mobile criminals Moss said if this child dies it's
on the head of a lot of these people were acting in that fashion like lunatics police said it appears
the child was not identified darted in front of the vehicle he was transported to ride a
trauma center rejects memorial and extremely critical condition in the investigation
continue far very well what what what is that all about why people act like crazy people are animals
barbarians I see here's the facts from Jerry and Vanita Springs who's one of our good
factors who actually affects when he's got something to say as opposed to like that you know
the same that what he said but first let's take a look at that poor result man last thing most
guys want to be called is mo we should have put that on there boy that's I think the worst shot
you can get be horrible 1637 fag 408 my bitch 245 the P word 195 coward 138 a loser 132
a feminine 95 with 55 fat 53 beast fat you fat little pig oh I know
153 liar 42 see some people now you know use it as a shot I use it because I think that's
about the only way you can get through to some people saying boy you are really fat you're like a pig
and then some people get frustrated by that and they go out and get a half a gallon of ice cream
eat more get fatter win 53 liar 42 a whole 34 oh oh to live the day when we could actually say
that on the year you know I think I was the first person in the USA who said that who started saying
that on here first person I heard and then Phil started doing it and then just everybody in a
brother started doing it the mystery ego started doing it dumb 34 how about dumb a hole dumb 34
a phony 31 ugly is got 30 man pretty 18 what a pretty boy fruit cake 15 cheap 15 a wannabe 15
boy this business is loaded with them a crook 15 scrawny 8 beautiful 6 and gorgeous has got none
the big so far I think we got a shot of 18 hundred votes on this during the show and
Chris we started what like five days ago I can't wait to see what the bar is pulled but I'll do
that in the last hour okay I think now you like the one I did for tomorrow right oh I forgot
already oh no yeah like remember I liked it a lot though I forgot what it was but I like
ABC the I don't want to give it away right no don't anyway here's Jerry and Vadina spring says
Neil I've been a talk show junkie for many years see we always like Jerry up until we found that out
I don't admit this to just anyone so please don't tell anybody oh he was just getting I've never
called a talk show oh now you start to redeem yourself big time Jerry I guess I'm a long time
listener and no time caller to which we say all right I don't want to be a pain in the ass
as in back home I've listened to some people in the business that I thought were remarkable
just for example reach corticocortic in company of KVK 1020 on AM dialos of the days baby
with the pirates and Bob Prince at night and reach a corticocortic in the morning and Bob Collins
and Wally Phillips of WGN Chicago you and Bob Lasseter are by far the two best in the business I'm
really not sucking up he says I first heard you in 1984 when I spent winter in Kilargo I listened
you every time I came back to visit then I moved to Tampa oh poor Jerry the first time I heard
Lasseter I was hooked I couldn't believe there was someone this good in Tampa he was on WFLA
then he became number one with 10 and 12 shares this was his peak at the local pub at
happier everybody was discussing what Lasseter said that afternoon I wish you could have heard
those WFLA shows after Bob returned from Iowa and went to WF after we dragged his fat ass out
of the cornfields and went to WF when I was happy again then SUN started to summer casting your
Miami show see now let me just interject here Jerry the reason they did that is because Cox Broadcasting
owned that station they had bought it for whatever reason and it would be like buying a fur coat and
not knowing what to do what you see what I'm saying right in Florida buying a mean coat but you
don't know what to do with it and same thing they bought SUN and they had no idea what to do with it
so well as a last gas we'll start we'll slap this crap on from Miami and see if it works over here
it says now I had died and gone to heaven Jerry says I had the two best in radio right there on one
station when Bob started doing the morning show it didn't work I know he just had he enjoyed it but
it didn't work for me it was like he was trying to force the comedy is not a funny man he's a
deep man with a sense of humor but not a funny man I know you can't go home again but it was great
to hear the awesome voice of the past thanks Neil for putting last it or back on the radio however
brief it was here but he is great thank you Jerry you okay in our book okay he's packed this
again in some year I said it's good right right people will take a call or two or a night promise
I would turn over to the beast though for a little bit now what is it that you want to say how would
you describe this tremendous riff how did this come about between you and one of our very very
very good nudges where did it come about yeah huh I mean you started out he came on he was doing the
s 6 to 9 right that's when Greg nice go by the way Greg sticking me under at 9 o'clock in the
morning when other people were listening all their other morning shows nice job baby messed with
success if it ain't broke try to fix it you clown you fool you silly you're fair yeah Greg anyway so
you're under a 6 to 9 producing the show right yes that's when we're booking the gas and
agree yeah go ahead I was booking the guest group it was running the board and I struggled I'd
worked the phones are trying to get some guests you want it it was like the offensive coordinator for
the Steelers or whoever Mike Malarkey is not the coach of the bills I found a pile of Marquis to
me yeah I got him on the air and actually no guest ever called in early but this guy called it
early he's like I am free can I go on now it was like two minutes early so yeah I said hey yeah
we'll put you on so I you know going Howard said said hey we got you know we got coach go to him now
he goes I know we got coach Malarkey in there but let's go to Jose and Hylia and they had like a
five minute phone call about nothing that's when I realized I know nothing about doing a talk show
uh-huh and that's when I just sold it in from there because I said how am I working my butt off
for a guy that's gonna rail me like that you didn't send me a new year's card and and what
happened after that I mean well then he started to hate me and I hated him and it was great
and then he would go to Josh's office and say that I saw it and they'd be there was meetings about
trying to bring people to ask probably everybody knew that yeah well we've had it up but uh you
know they have meetings about what producer they wanted to bring in and replace me and all this stuff
now you must know the story the real story behind the story about Zach because you remember the day
that Zach was in there and I I was talking to him from here and Clarence came in there and just
about put his hand over his mouth it was like like he was operating a merry and that like he was he
was pulling the strings and doing the voice you know like a puppeteer making him say only what he
what was the real story there Zach I think Howard felt like Zach again like everyone else who ever
worked for him after a certain point in time you you can't do anymore guys are coconut you just
you just mail it in because you realize no matter what you do it doesn't matter uh-huh and Zach
I think felt the same way and then Howard you know all this guy's not working for me is lazy
it thought it out of the you know maybe this is like fat people he hates everybody maybe
he's got a thing about fat people which quite frankly he could lose a few pounds in that fat ass too
so that's it that's uh I thought you were gonna uh go on but I realized why I hate him
I thought we had a two-pays story somewhere no we we told it to him I realized why I really
were uh and truly don't like him yeah because I'm jealous my jealous of what six figures and
a two-hour time slot yeah how do you know how much he makes uh try don't have any idea how much
you make and quite and I see with me I know this may come as a shock I have no idea how much
Hank makes how much mad dog makes Moe and and you know what I don't care it's none of my business
I'm I'm just out of yinja I'm not one of those people you know what do I care about I'm making
pretty decent buy I have no complaints about the money or my schedule or the vacation days I got
the no complaints about that especially not having to be there and then this is no lie and this
is about the truest thing I could ever tell you mine not having to be there and I don't mean just
in that radio station oh that's a big part of it not being in South Florida to go back to what Bob
said about Florida sucks that that's got to add years to my life how do you like that died
each your heart out Troy Stratford who's waiting for my Corvette which he can never get but he's
waiting for me to croak he wants me to will it to him well yeah probably one of my Corvettes to a
bald guy thanks the guy leave it to of course it might have something inside but nevertheless
12 13 and 5 6 he's speaking of vehicles the truth is when you dare to compare you'll see why Ford
is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA in South Florida the only four dealers shop at his
Armstrong Port of Homestead the holidays are here now maybe your car was damaged during Wilma
or maybe you just want to get a great new ride for the holidays and for a long time to come well not
the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let David put your ass behind the
wheel of a new Armstrong Ford right now at Armstrong Ford of homestead they got fantastic offers
and incentives get a thousand dollars cash back or financing as low as 0 percent on a Ford 500
or freestyle get five thousand dollars cash back a son of sfor an expedition how about two thousand
cash back on escape and twenty five hundred dollars cash back on focus certain restrictions apply
when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program
on top of all these things that's right tires and batteries for life David Rich and the staff at
Armstrong Ford of homestead guarantee you they'll bet the beast life on it they give you the best
price and because they're locally owned and operated they will treat you like a member of their own
family because they want to make you a lifelong customer you won't get a better deal on a forward
so if you want to go shop around waste your time and gas but the smart thing to do is called David Rich
at 305 24751 12 and tell David you want the Neil deal Armstrong Ford of homestead are at 307 25 South
Dixie highway just 20 quick minutes south of the 836 check them on the wicked web
Armstrong cars dot com and drive a few miles extra to save a potload of money man at Armstrong
Ford of homestead this is new Roger this is five 168 all the slime all the time
oh what he has left I can get a little piece in white
get no one here and I'll move when I wait do we hear I pull my open
chest up like Connie Steven that's the you there yeah you're watching me do this
hey how about a nice Hawaiian punch
oh
19 a Q a m don't forget to mull my stir himself to give me a few of those
nobody else can do like he does at to this afternoon and then we got jozy but less said the better
this 30,000 been anything to bush how many but third man by massey Rothschild I got I do have a
few bedtime stories here although the beast didn't leave one thing out of his little rant there which
was fairly short like him yeah and that is that he wants that gig he wants to two to four
without it now how did it go that day that you filled him which I don't even know if he knows
about that the one day you filled in from oh two to four little tables pretty good get some decent
cost yes pretty good cost did you talk about the ginger and fagidoran and henryana no I didn't
bring that oh well maybe it would have gone a little bit better if you would have done that but see
I don't really give a crap what anybody says because I get to pay the same regardless as long
is it's on a reasonable side of that line a big that big thick line that anybody would have a
brain would understand but when people are trying to get to other people fired it and it's like
a George thing and this is what I said at the time when I got that embarrassing call from Greg
Reid that day I mean I was just unacceptable okay congratulations on a great book me on
by the way I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez and I said what what and look how like an
afterthought he didn't decide anything and I said him this is a guy who's got a wife and two kids
to support and you're just based on somebody a thrown a tantrum and of course they denied that
that was behind it until a certain person admitted to my face let me put it a reason that was the
that did you come in beast and say yeah you're the one problem you said you said to me more
wants me to invite you to come into wish me a happy birthday that was you wasn't yeah that was a
yeah wants to invite you to come in and wish me a happy birthday said forget about it and then you
say oh but he also is going to tell you why a Georgia still here we'll see that peak my curiosity
because that opened up the avenue for an opportunity for him to admit right to my face that all
along it's right the denials of middle-level flunky management that he was behind all of that crap
and of course that was on the heels of those emails that you sent me that you fetched me being
the bastard that you are George right that everyone had in the building had copies of it and we're
going around right which were most amusing by the way but again if you have thin skin you know
prolong in this business you can write all the emails about me I you want I couldn't give a
crap who cares but if you have thin skin you don't prolong it a business and sorry to we start
messing with it that's where I draw the line that's where I draw a real big fat line when people
start pulling strings behind the scenes and anybody who knows me this goes back to what I said
before because it got interrupted myself because you're on the air doesn't mean anybody knows you
it's a radio show and the people who really know me well which is a very small number of them they
know that off the earth I'm not anything at all like I am on the end I'm a pretty decent human
being I take pretty good care of my friends I do the best I can and I'm on my business I'm not
running around behind the scenes in fact one thing about me and George can verify this an
IOD when the little hand hit the big hand at two o'clock I was out that door like a flash yeah and the
same thing there I mean I was gone like I was kicking the ass with a bowling ball with a bazooka
because one thing I don't believe is hanging around and stirring it up and all the yent is all the
crap I'm not into it who the hell cares it's like any other business man the office gossip the
yent is that that and and generally speaking those are the people with a least amount of talent those
are the people are insecure and looking to like stab everybody else in the back and get this one
fired didn't know this other crap when you start messing around with people's livelihoods
in their careers in their life at that point that's when you piss people off and that's the kind of
thing that people on this radio stations it stopped tolerating right now they're going on two damn
long this one's got to be fired it and that one's got to go on another show yeah based on what
based on the fact you've had a temper tantrum day you woke up on the wrong side of bed
that you're a miserable SOB who can't get along with anybody on the face of the globe
except maybe your wife who I feel really sorry for good goddamer's Molly you know when
the hell is somebody in that place gonna take the bull crap by the horns and like it's pathetic
just sad I mean the line of people are it's the long line of people have been trappled over by Mr.
Boster anyway like I said it uh so the beast wants that show
yeah far they started the same what do you want to talk about that oh he's uh bringing me
like food back right now well let's just make sure he brings you all of it okay and doesn't
like intercede like Dom Delewese with that Chinese food and Fatsom remember that yeah yeah
just bring you the empty bags and the chicken bones huh yeah now what are you eating today a sandwich
with no bread I just have some soup some soup some chicken soup excellent very Jewish and good for you
okay yeah I'll give you some real good screaming PM so I was starting to ask about yeah you said
to me you wanted that show two to four you and mine you know Curtis in the face two to four yeah
and then you can make enough bucks you go on and cleanse your guts because by that time probably
the response would be going I can hit them in the morning and the afternoon I see leaving just
time and of late evening for a quick encounter with your lovely fianc and then back back to
minutes again in the morning well we can just meet at the casino that's fine there you go I'll tell
you one thing a little tip from me and it is a good time to go is early in the morning when there's
almost no bit of there you can look for a you know what you look for early in the morning what's that
a good machine a good machine mine that's it there were two Jamaican girls walked by me last night
and she said something about oh that machine and I just I almost fell off my chair I guess I'm
the only one who got it there of course because I'm sick and proud of it that's a good machine
on Monday for the first time president Bush ignores that his Iraq war has taken a large
tool on the Iraqi people but he fobbed it off as if it were nothing taking questions after
speech in the Philadelphia World Affairs Council Bush was asked right out of the shoot how many
Iraqis have died here's the exchange question since the inception of the Iraqi war I'd like to know
the approximate total of Iraqis have been killed and by Iraqis I include civilians military police
insurgents translators Bush how many Iraqi citizens have died in this war I would say 30,000 more
or less have died as a result of the initial incursion in the ongoing violence against the
Iraqis we've lost about 2140 of our own troops over 2150 now Bush may have severely underestimated
the total number of Iraq he did Iraq body count dot net estimates that a minimum of between 27,000
three and three and 30,000 eight ninety two civilians alone have died as a result of Bush's war but
recognizes that this civilian count which is based on published news reports is much lower than
the actual figure our maximum therefore refers to reported that which can only be a sample of two
deaths unless one assumes that every civilian death has been reported it's likely that many if not
most civilians who died will go and report about the media that's the sad nature of war then there's
the John Hopkins study from November 2004 in the Lancet that puts the death toll of about 100,000
Iraqis if that figure is correct Bush is off by at least a factor of three well that's a relief I
suppose that Bush understands that his war is killed at least 30,000 Iraqis does even that
figure mean anything to him he acted as though was a totally acceptable number in fact his David
Sirota has noted Bush in the very next breath made a joke as he interrupted the next question to
say I'll repeat the question if I don't like it I'll make it up the White House transcript reads
laughter and applause that's the definition of obscenity the segue from the deaths of 30,000 Iraqis
and 2140 US soldiers to a poor tempted humor is to reveal a frightening callousness kind of reminds me
that routine for the press the press the luncheon right that the W and these yeah no
that the parents of all his dead soldiers and other ones that are like hanging on by a thread
I'm sure they really find that most of you right they're a laughing hardest
while the tape for Bush to grasp meaning in the magnitude of 2140 dead US soldiers and 30,000
dead Iraqis or more he has said over and over again that he came deliberate to people of Iraq
and delivered them the gift of freedom by the way they're voting like crazy over there they're
including a lot of Sunnis I just mentioned that they extended the voting hours but he didn't
liberate those 30,000 or those hundred thousand they didn't get to unwrap their gift or if they
did it blew up in their faces each dead Iraqi has a name each dead Iraqi leaves a family that'll
never be the same again and what point does the president acknowledge the horrific paintings
inflicted on the people of Iraq mentioning a mere number and then blightly moving on doesn't cut it
such a difference permitted they are mass killing in the first place it shouldn't be blanketed
over them again Matthew Rockshall writes for the progressive and anyway probably another one of those
Tommy Pinko you know doesn't love America and he's a hurt our troops always speaking of that
other important issues of the day is White House and Auschwitz plan to rebuild MLEVI's I'm
surprised we got anybody left to do that in O'Lean aren't you and it's so many dark folks live
in there anyway they don't vote for a republicans it's that most am I doing the right the assiom
oh I get panicky that most wonderful time of the year unless you hate this time of the season
because of the crowded malls along wedges lines the parking hassles the crazed shoppers man
so maker gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones by giving them a dial on mattress
gift certificate when you call one 800 mattress you can order a dial on mattress gift certificate
aid in nomination and new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts them for years every time they do
something really uh salty on it they'll think of you or sugary when you call one 800 mattress
or choose from sili serve the sentence king coral stirring in foster you with anteperpetic
maybe suffer some damage from hurray cane willma maybe need a bed for those lastman
univited pain in the ass holiday guests whatever call one 800 mattress you'll get same day
delivery from eight in the a m till 10 p.m. you still get to pick the date and time for delivery
to figure schedule and dial amatris is mighty proud and well ought to be of their record of being on time
ninety nine point seven percent of the time the rank number one of the world and customer satisfaction
I've been using them for a very long time and you ought to do the same if you're smart before
those guests arrived just make that one easy call one 800 mattress or log on to matfris.com
dial amatris one 800 MATTRES leave off the last is because it stands for
this is neo-rudgers this is five sixteen two eight
out absolutely
if you came backward Christmas what would Jesus do?
Delphis gets it he says ass
you became backward Christmas what would Jesus do?
remove their bumper stickers and don't graze get you he says ass
if he came backward Christmas what would Jesus do?
find the parapadels remove their bumper stickers and don't graze get to his
his ass if he came backward Christmas what would Jesus do?
Sack pillow Riley find a fair of pats, remove their muper stickers and so Chris
and he gives his ass.
If he came back for Christmas, what would Jesus do?
Go, go, mark down.
Sack pillow Riley find a fair of pats, remove their muper stickers and so Chris
and he gives his ass.
Rectum, all right.
Come 34 or 26 to 11.
Happy generic holidays to you.
Mary Chinooka, happy Christmas.
First of all, summer holidays to on.
Winter solstice.
Winter solstice, Ramadan.
You'll never do like to start celebrating for next year.
Happy forum, tissue above, etc.
Oh, but you're interfering with our plans to celebrate the birth of the Lord.
You're right, your mama.
Not any calls on the board.
Not a single one.
You know what?
That's okay.
It's fine with me.
You know, wouldn't you have thought, of course I realized that there are a lot of people out there who don't know who Bob is and have no clue what I was talking about before.
In addition to which is his way out of our ordinary line of yuck yuck yuck yuck.
But you know, it's part of the soap opera.
It reminds me when the estering groupies would call like at the end after some tragedy like 9-11.
And they call him to see and then pretending to be somebody else.
Yeah, and this is the fire cheetah.
And what do you think of the sterant show?
You know, see, there are times when you do that if it's not something like really life and death.
And it might be very funny.
In fact, they also did it on the day when the challenger blew up.
Buh-buh-buh-y.
Yeah.
And you're dealing with people who are so soft and more, except some morons.
And I don't find any humor in that.
None.
Zero.
It's pathetic.
These are people who never grew up.
You know what they remind me of?
Ken Block.
Oh.
Ah, a lot that's that.
You know, they got maybe like 60 years old by now.
He's still calling up once and a while.
Ah, a lot that's that.
And we'll never stop.
See, you say never grew up, but I don't know children that would think that was funny.
Well, I'm giving up, but I'm just saying.
In other words, he reached a certain point of maturity, and I used that word very loosely.
I single him out, even though there's plenty of other roads to join that.
Ah, lots of time.
Like, like, this is his trademark.
How about the garling guy?
How many years is he going to be doing that?
Like that.
You know, with his last breath.
It'll be high, high, high, high.
Really?
Yeah.
In other words, that's a midly of his material.
Have you heard anything else?
Never.
Well, the last time he did like in fellowship a little bit, he said a couple of words to do that.
And I think he was probably encouraged by that moe promo.
You know where else I...
I like that guy.
Like that.
And it means on the verge of something.
A verge of what?
Nervous breakdown?
Yeah.
We can only hope.
Who the car or moe?
That's either one.
Look, I said all of his needed to be said.
There's nothing more.
And anybody can deny all they wanted to deny.
The fact that the matter is that there are more shenanigans that are trying to be pulled behind the scenes.
And when people start harming other people on a personal level, that's what it crafts up.
That's what it stops being radio or just a radio show.
And when it starts being unacceptable.
And in most real businesses, that's what it starts being a fireable offense.
But nevertheless, this again is not a real business.
It's more like monkey business.
It's Reagan, his circle of inter-core of butlerkers.
And that's what you always has been.
And always will be.
Like you said, I think you summed it up from the very first day I walked into that place.
A sports bar with a microphone.
Leave it to little George to come up with a classic line.
Not a thought of radio station, it's a sports bar with a microphone.
And like when Clarence came in for the show this morning, I said, I was trying to explain to him the thing with the effects we got about Lanciter.
You know, he would know Bob Lanciter from Robert C. Lewis.
I mean, he had no idea who he was.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Like I told you this morning, because he's not a talk show person.
He's not a radio person.
He's a sports groupie.
And the beast knows that.
That's your boyfriend, man.
When he knows about radio, he could put it a simple and have room for the beast left over.
Not my boyfriend.
Well, he used to be.
So he had that falling out.
I wasn't.
So her late.
Oh, who was his roommate?
Oh, still God, excuse me.
Now let me ask you this seriously.
Since still God is the general manager at the process street, which I find most amusing.
Yeah.
That would be like saying Donald Duck is the head of general motors.
And you can family with him at all anymore.
I mean, you make his-
Yeah, I find it very difficult.
The only time I came across him was at the Super Bowl in Jacksville last year.
Right.
And he came up to me and he goes, please, if I had a hurricane from my station, you'd be working for me.
What does that mean?
He was given the like ego trip.
Like he had an ego.
How can somebody with so little talent have an ego?
He got-
Like I said before, when he was on our station, he has not belonged on here even to say goodbye.
Goodbye would be a good start.
They're not belonged on the air.
They all have egos over there.
They think they're dominating.
How can he have a share and have an ego?
They think they dominate.
They dominate what?
I don't know.
That's-
If you talk to anyone from over there, they believe they're dominating.
They believe we're-
They don't even have to worry.
They're on a least radio station.
Okay, they have nothing.
The only show that they can sell any spots on his little log.
And he's pissed off because he's got no show anymore because he's all jammed up with spots.
Which used to be his big bitch when he was on the worst team.
It was the longest spot breaks.
And now he's over there with all the spots on the station because who wants to buy the rest of that garbage?
And the booster ain't on half the time anyway.
Wow.
Just do gods.
See, Hank created like-
Not Frankenstein, but Egor.
Don't even mind you, Egor, a little bit.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, now see, this is doing the same thing he was doing before.
Oh, careful.
Uh-oh.
See, I hit the button and now-
Yeah, I think you're going to have to reboot it.
Yeah, I'm not good enough.
Why is this happening now?
One of those things.
Yeah, I'm hitting three.
I'm doing the same thing.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not good enough.
Yeah, I'll reboot it.
Oh, that's bad.
So reboot it.
Can't take no calls right now.
That's bad.
That happened when-
With Bob, too, when you had him on the bad line for a second.
Right.
So I think you better reboot it on your end.
It's definitely on your end.
Okay.
Bees, take a look on his end, okay?
Right.
Don't see what the problem is.
It looks like there's a shrooms.
Maybe they're like, uh, most tingle buries.
See those before.
Maybe they're-
Maybe he left a few laying around.
They're like, sprouting now, like, uh, bean sprouts.
The last thing most guys want to be called is,
oh, look at the phones are going nuts, but I press it and like, see, there's that little-
I love looking at that thing, though.
Yeah, that's pretty interesting.
Well, that is, uh, you're actually picking it up, but, uh, it's going into the headset.
It's going well, I don't have no headset.
It's going to be the headset?
The, uh, producer would wear to answer the phone.
I see.
So in other words, the beast could hear it if he had the headset on, but we don't want to-
We don't have one that wide.
Anybody who never saw the beast by the way, his head is wider than most, uh, apartment buildings.
Anybody ever call you a fat head?
No.
You really are.
I mean, you're- you're- you know, I think the only person I can think of with a bigger head
beside your roses, that's it.
The three of you, man.
Go to the head of the class.
1688.
The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 422.
My bitch 252, boy, I sure wish we could play Prison Bitch.
Can't do it.
The P-word 200.
I almost said it.
Oh-ho-ho-ho.
Carried 144.
A loser 136, a feminine at 95.
Don't call me a feminine.
I'm just a little, uh, out of the ordinary.
Whipped 56, fat 56.
That's the station by- that could be a new logo.
Fat 56.
How you like it?
I'll get right on it.
People package right now.
Hey, right.
Fat 56.
Oh, I love it.
Whipped 54, a liar 43, a whole 36.
Oh my.
Dumb 34, like your president.
A phone E33, a way 31.
Pretty 18.
Fruitcake 17.
Cooked 16.
Cheap 50.
And what we call time pretty.
A time I'm pretty a pretty.
Beautiful.
Okay.
I'm asking the VCs a paparance fan.
Yeah, what about them?
Never mind.
Fruitcake 17, Cooked 16.
Cheap 50.
And a wannabe 15.
Scraughty, a beautiful 6.
And gorgeous.
Only normal cancer is, oh my God, is he gorgeous.
This is the meal Roger.
Pretty little swelling when he saw Tom Warren.
516, QA.
Absolutely.
Protects his beard.
A guitar on my beard.
While they died in the lead.
And I'll buy race faster than G.O.P.
Oka, Treena, don't put the blame on me.
As I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swing your partner round and round.
Now do a little swan into an oarlet's down.
Swin to the left, to the right.
Here we go.
Swing a little muds up.
Doze to go.
Oka, Treena, like it's in those people's feet.
This person will leave the end up and it is for him to rack me.
O!
This year, ringing the holiday season with a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell.
It's a macy grey Christmas.
I was ready to dress up.
Y'all were looking for me.
Well, I'm just ready to dress.
Grammy award-winning vocalist, Macy Grey sings in a style that's beyond compare.
And a language that's beyond comprehension.
You're very very now.
You're very very now.
You're very very now.
You're very very now.
You're very very now.
On a Macy Grey Christmas.
Macy sings all her you will type favorites like,
Hide the hair in your head,
Prade the hair in your head,
and this indecisive classic.
You need a serious Christmas now.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas is available at your local can at set.
Excuse me, but I do believe that sets.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
A macy grey Christmas.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
You just started forecast.
Does she think the problem is strange?
Look.
Who is going to fly?
Oh yeah, that beastly stock man, it's just there when you work in this company you see the way they operate and
Joyce and a whole thing, a corporate legal and it just makes you shake your head and just laugh your ass off.
Then you know for sure when you find out these people are on a list of them in the stock market and people are actually getting
kind of buying stock in this outfit, then you know for sure that the stock market is one big scam.
All of some of us already discovered that 56050560.560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line WQAM. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir. Speaking please.
Neil. Yeah. It's time to play. Name that. Oh, that's a. That's it. Oh he was just getting started. I thought to the whole musical.
Oh that was good. So it's a toy toy toy toy toy toy toy. You got to do it a little more infanically man work work on your joining man.
What if I have that? I wonder if a boy does a toy. Is that like a do thing? WQAM. Hello. Are they going to renew Robert Lugo's contract?
Yes. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one.
56050560.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line. You would know Bobby Lillongo if he has shut 14 pucks up your.
Right. But you might enjoy the line from the sound of your from your drift. Was he drifting a little bit?
A little bit. WQAM. Hello. I'm your favorite color. WQAM. Hello. They worship God. They worship learning.
Oh there he goes talking about the beesleaves again. By the way, anybody want to buy any spots? In fact, if you buy a spot for a buck,
we'll promise never to say anything bad about you on the air for next hundred years. We'll promise swear to God. WQAM. Hello.
QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I am one of those that I remember Bob Lester and you and
Lugnerick filled back in the back in S U N days. I'm going to ask you to go on S U N with you.
Whitman was filled with a stender. Was it just Randy and were consulbing me?
It was about four of you at one point for a short time. The light is driving jobs. It took me to a
lot of work. I was able to catch like 15 pieces of pre-show like that whole lineup. That was just the
greatest time for me in job. I mean, you get back to back to back. I mean, the shows were great. I just enjoyed
every minute of it. It's one of the kind of let you know I'm one of those few that you remember
Bob and you and Bob and Phil are just something the creative talk radio I've ever listened to.
Absolutely. Thanks. Have a good time. I have a great junior of Cali.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
Desert Room upstairs, oh it's the other way, do you win in there? Oh three, four, 10, 10 and 10. I wanted to say a word. I wanted to say two words that they said after the Holocaust. Okay? You know what they are? Never? Again. Excellent. This is NeoRudgen. This is 560KK. VAM 221. Hi, very.
I'm over here. I'm not over there. So when?
Phil, he took you to lunch, Hans.
Yes, and he made me pay for it.
Why, that's no good, my friend.
Made me want to sacrifice myself on the sacred altar of Bush.
That reminds me of a time I had lunch with him in New York.
We were sitting in a muddy pink yard room in the second avenue of Delhi.
See if it might be grateful.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, you know what I was going to eat in the end?
They got a picture of Pat Koopa on the wall.
Over there.
Oh, yeah.
Here's a good pickle.
Yeah, do it, a ball.
And by the way, what's the more of the pickle?
The classic stalk?
Was that leafy?
Yeah.
Are you ready to only get that which is gentle?
I'll have a coach poker, cooler.
Yeah, put it in the bin.
And you said, you see that there?
He called me third.
Now, that's a man who knows who I am.
Yeah, I'll have a Dr. Brown's glad to rest.
But there he is.
With a twist of lime, of course.
Oh, lime?
Then I say lime.
Surely you're the man of discerning taste.
I highly recommend a twist of lime.
Just present a Dr. Brown's plane before I twist you.
Oh, it's very good, sir.
Get a little of that, God.
Lime in a Dr. Brown's.
Do I look like Goham?
I think I co-straw on the tip.
So what if I do?
I'm leaving anyway.
Who got what he leaving for?
Well, I have.
But you're out and just fit.
You know, it's choice at all.
Oh, you.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
Okay.
That's it.
103 and 560.
Everybody, QAAM.
Happy Thursday to December 15th.
And the big day is coming soon.
You know what big day that is?
No, what?
Not Christmas.
Vacation.
Oh, he's going to be on all the week next week.
Unless he has to go up to wherever it is.
North Carolina.
Well, say in Augustine is where they're in the hospital.
Say it's the out already.
I love say in Augustine.
That's not a problem.
It's just that we'll be having a trip.
My former stepfather, you know, they got divorced.
I see what they still hanging out.
They weren't doing anything.
They still hang out because they're both miserable cusses
that no one else can stand.
And then a little bit of a wreck.
And George was hoping like maybe he failed, but I didn't work out.
One way or another, man.
No hospital is not our team.
But they're out and out.
Is that what you said?
I don't know.
But supposedly they're fine, but they're in there because you know how old people they bruise and all.
Well, guess what?
Greyhound buses run from Jacksonville to Miami every single day, over and over again every hour and an hour.
They could ride on top.
Nice clear sailing.
Maybe I was thinking more like tied to the back.
Okay, we finished out the first pool.
And now we got tomorrow's pool on there, which I'm sure that once they find.
I don't know.
Maybe they won't like this.
I think it's a little introspection today since I've been very introspective myself.
George liked the pool.
Yeah.
Well, at first, here's the result from the other one, which was okay.
The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 425.
How do you like that?
Fag.
You're fair.
My bitch 258, the P word 201, PU, coward 144, a loser 138, a feminine 95, with 57, fat 57 beast.
Only 57 people don't want to be called fat.
They'd rather croak than be called fat.
That is true.
That's so.
Wim 54, liar 44, a hole 36, a phony 34, boy, do I add dumb 34, there's nothing like a phony, dumb a hole.
Ugly 31, pretty 19.
Boy, that guy sure is pretty.
Sure got a pretty mouth too.
Fruitcake 17, croak 16, cheap.
And a one of each have 15.
Scrawnee 8, beautiful 6, and gorgeous, Sulta Mateuno.
That must be normal, voted for gorgeous.
Anything?
Less of it.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Okay, here's the a new poll for you to work on.
It's always good to have a poll to work on.
How do you rate yourself as a human being?
Now try to be objective.
And maybe they actually are.
Because I got you the letters in the alphabet, A, B, C, A, the best, B, pretty good.
C average, D, I got many flaws.
E, not a good person, and F, I'm a piece of Schmidt.
So it's so far.
The first 10 votes, I just stuck the new one on there.
I just swished it over.
We got how many votes?
22, like I said.
How do you rate yourself?
Pretty good B, 10.
That was my vote.
Pretty good.
Not perfect, not B.
Me too.
What about the B?
I don't know.
B is in beast.
Let me say it again.
How about the beast?
I didn't catch all of the multiple choices.
A, the best, B, pretty good.
C average, D, I have many flaws.
E, not a good person, and F, I'm a piece of Schmidt.
I would say D.
D, many flaws.
Just look at it.
Well, huh.
And of course if we're F in your case, it would be an awfully big one.
B pretty good, it's got 10.
D, I have many flaws, five, including the beast.
C average, five.
What's wrong with being average?
Nothing.
F, I'm a piece of Schmidt too.
Oh, this is E, I'm not a good person.
And A, the best, none.
Oh my God, nobody's got that thing of an ego.
That's good.
That's good.
I'm surprised.
I'm shocked because I thought most people, they don't come any better than me.
You know?
They made a good point there about the ego.
See, if you have such an ego that you would vote A, then you're actually a B.
So in other words, you're really going to be a B, A.
Maybe you have a B, A, and B and the jackass.
I don't know.
Soon he turned out having a raki election.
A raki.
A raki's voted in a historic parliamentary election today with strong turn out reported in
the SUNY Arab area.
Several explosions rocked Baghdad throughout the day, but the level of violence was low.
It was an accident, but not so many people got hurt.
The hemmy participation by the SUNY's with Sean Balloting last January bolstered U.S.
hopes of calming the insurgency enough to begin with wrong troops next year before that American
election asked, were they really worried about, oh, oh boy.
Because of the large turnout, the Iraqi election commission extended voting for an hour till 6 p.m.
That's 10 a.m. Eastern time long since passed, as long lines were reported in some precincts.
The commission said it would also be announced within two weeks.
Just long enough for them to phone him up.
They're going to get the cats on Harris over there.
By the way, do you hear about her plane?
No, what about it?
Police been guarding a polling place in Eastern Baghdad's Zayunan neighborhood fired shots in there
to celebrate the end of voting.
But I'm kidding.
When the polls opened a mortar show, it's put nearly heavily fortified green zone.
A civilian was killed as a matter of fact.
At a voting site near Falujo.
But violence was minimal overall and not appeared in the Surajirakis as they stuck their purple,
ink stained index fingers up in the air.
I noticed on the FudriPorte there's a lady on there.
She's got her middle finger up there for Matt.
She's saying, do fair, man.
She's on him, Mr. Fudge.
Oh, brother, talk about a sellout.
Pathetic.
I might have to add that one to my list.
Not quite as intensely as the other two.
Oh, yeah.
You don't think so?
Well, you tell me.
Like if that self-hating queen got run over by a freight train, you wouldn't be upset about it?
No, I wouldn't be upset.
I think we'd have like a little party.
Oh, speaking of parties, oh, that's right, forget about it.
49 votes on the poll.
Yes, I am.
I don't really give a crap.
I'm so sick and tired of all those uptight people in that place.
Like I said, what they know about talk radio at the QAM,
you could show them a symbol of heaven for the beast's ass left over there,
and 14 halibut pieces.
I think that might be a thumble, though.
How do you rate yourself as a human being?
Be pretty good 25.
That's not a bad vote.
D, many flaws nine.
C, average nine.
F, I'm a piece of shmit for her.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
A, the best two, and E, not a good person, none.
So we got two people who are the best.
Oh, God, I can't wait to meet them.
W, D, Q, A, M. Hello.
Lino.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Got all together.
I've been able to get through you for eight years, maybe.
Well, here's your lucky day, man.
This must be a, it is.
It's my lucky day, thanks.
I want to thank you for the inspiration to send me on my way on the trips I've made to Eastern Europe.
I know you never went that far.
I know you said that.
You've been here this year.
I'm going to Budapest and Prague.
You've been there?
No, I've been going farther than that.
I'm going to leave my specific location and mystery, but just to be able to save it.
Every single moment, chance I get, I'm over there and just...
Well, let me answer this question.
Why would you want to leave your destination to mysteries?
Are some, are some of you tapping the collar?
No, no, no, no, no.
I just, the best part about it is there's no Americans there.
No, I have no question about that.
And I'd like to keep it that way because that's the best part about it.
Exactly.
So I just want to thank you for the inspiration to get me to hell out of this country and send me on my way.
I mean, across the pod the next two weeks, I'll be sure and say how are you, Eastern European friends for you.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, good luck.
Great.
How do you like that?
So you guys got to get Al Pesaport though and the Beast's got a rich family there.
He could build a handle of tickets.
You can stay in Al's old apartment and am stood in.
Right.
You as the apartment, you as the poor alley, you know.
I just, I see, now there's a guy.
I don't really want to talk to him because I don't know what I would say to him.
You know what I mean?
I'll ask it right away.
I will call.
Maybe when I'm on vacation, I'll get in touch with Bob.
But Al, I mean, he's been through hell and, you know, he's a good guy.
He's got a good heart.
He's just so over the top.
He's like his own worst enemy, you know.
He can't control himself.
But he's got a good heart.
Big, big fat one, I'm sure.
Right.
I wonder what he looks like now.
Can you imagine?
Because he's lost so much weight in that Riker's Island.
You know, when you go to prison for an extended time like Al did.
And when they're tearing your kish kish kish out.
And when you have no money, what they just, you know, take a look at this.
Relenty Bruce, Larry Flint, Al Goldstein.
It's just one after the other after another.
They just go after him relentlessly.
They just tear him to pieces and even shoot him if they have to.
Tirm the shreds.
Because we have to bring decency back to America.
We have to go turn a clock back and go back into the dark ages, man.
I want you people to watch the North Dan pornographic shows on the cable.
We'll take care of that pretty soon too.
And at satellite radio, you think that they're going to get away with Sam once a crap on here.
You just wait.
After Steer and others, the first F word on it will have a Sam Brown back will be on the bandwagon.
They'll be thumpin' the old bandwagon or whatever the thumpin' you'll see.
Wow, we got to do something about this.
Children might be listening.
Children, you know, of course all the children are getting killed with guns running around.
They won't even care about that.
Don't mess with our guns.
Don't F with our guns.
But words, man, the word police are pretty pissed off.
That's why we can't say nothing no more.
Plus we got Joyce who's an idiot.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Can you please bring back the lighting round?
Oh, it's not a man. It's a simple thing.
Neil?
Yeah.
Please bring back the lighting round.
No, I don't think we do the lighting round every day, in case you haven't noticed.
Oh, thank you.
Okay.
That was just two guys doing it.
Wow, boys.
They were like they had a pliers out, squeezing his nuts.
That was definitely two guys.
Can you, can you tell the beast?
No, I didn't say there's no one.
Is gravely as rotesque?
He's got a really grotesque voice, you know what I mean?
I'm pleasant.
gravely.
Kind of like that bit.
Oh, you got it on that car.
No, don't look for it.
I have a little bit of a problem.
What is it with the question mark?
I don't know.
How can I have a bit in the ECS?
It's a difference with the question mark.
Get all gravely here.
567 and that what KXRK thing.
Now don't look for those.
I don't want to hear them because they're not that great.
113 and 5.
Speak.
I'm not that great.
Don't forget Mo coming up.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Are you sure you want to miss that, too?
I urge everybody to listen to the show that follows me.
Because the show that precedes him is what his problem is in life, no matter which one it is.
Oh, boy.
It's just, I just worn out.
I have no words to describe it anymore.
Any more.
When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and value.
Those are the three ingredients that auto-copy into your mind like,
just like that.
So do the smart thing and do your shoe shopping at a great place.
Brandy shoes and pompano beach.
Brandy's cares a humongous selection of all the top brands like Rockport,
Forshime, Echo, Mephisto, New Balance, SAS, and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got a perfect,
customized, fitter favorite comfort shoe every time, just as for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right fit and the right price as well.
The pros of Brandy's even specializing wide widths for people like the Beast who've got big, fat feet,
a fat head, a fat puppet, and fat feet.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere.
At least there's consistency there.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town.
For comfort, style, fit, value, and win selection, always think,
Brandy shoes.
And you'll find Brandy's in the same great location they've been doing for years and years,
1290, North Federal Highway and Poppero Beach.
Brandy's is open daily till 9 Sunday, still 5, and this week is due
at Pendist Time for extra savings at Brandy's.
Take 20% off and select it, men's and women's styles.
Choose from SAS Naturalizer, Forshime, Spirion, Rockport.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping.
Sit right there on your fat ass on their website at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAF.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
always neither do lord nor de dold lord nor deye.
The
The
one twenty one a few of you know those are raki's two things a number one they really are incredibly ugly and number two
You notice how they're all holding up those purple fingers and a couple of the guys that's us smelling those fingers
Yeah, well, what do they smell like?
Ah careful now. I'm careful. I was speaking of that speaking of rectum. Here's an email. I'll tell you this day has been I don't even know how to describe it.
What hell of a day an email from Norma Kent. I guess it's true. It says I was able to deal with the fact that the state
Revenue agency sent me a tax return to Norma Kent Enterprises, but I recently made a donation to the Broward General Hospital Cancer Foundation
where they put your name on one of those fancy brass trees. So I called them up and asked why my plaque read Norma Kent on it instead of norm.
And the lady there said why aren't you listen? And the lady there said why aren't you the Norma near Rogers be first to on the radio all the time.
Norma says okay then a how do you like that?
The power of God. Oh my God. That is choice. That's a beautiful thing.
Well, yeah, I you when you see Norma you know it. I'm saying when you see a norma I have a cousin named Norma, but it's like a she.
But nevertheless so is the Norma.
Patriot Act's fate remains uncertain. Roving wiretaps and the ability to peek into private medical records are among the provisions of the anti terror patriot Act that will remain in tact if the center follows the House lead on the bill.
By a 251 to 174 vote yesterday the U.S. House agreed to review 16 of the expo visions that were set to expire at the year's end.
The bill now heads back to the Senate where a fearsome battle is expected.
The Patriot Act is essential to fighting the war on terror and preventing our enemies from striking America again.
President Bush said the statement praising the House vote in the war on terror.
We can't afford to be without this law for a single moment among the provisions the House proposes to extend is one allowing the FBI with a court order to place wiretaps on every phone and suspect uses a procedure called a roving wiretap.
Another permitting the agency to obtain personal personal records including medical documents and library activity.
What's the book you start checking out?
Would Senate approval these investigative tools will be available for the FBI for another four years in majority of the act.
However, has no expiration date.
They're going to come knocking on you door.
Well guess who's calling my god here? You'll never guess. I give you 4,000 guesses.
Oh, what's his name from capital of Doug Thompson?
Excellent guess. The rant.
The White House is bitter debate over admitting a mistake.
See now I got to catch up on lost time because I got a few. Not like just enough.
Just enough to kill some. I mean to pass along some fantastic information.
Don't forget by the way, look for that QA in Van right now.
At the headstates in a 107th Avenue 41st Street in Dorel, stop by to drop off.
New onwrap toys for the big O's holiday toy drive. Rock solid to benefit Miami Children's Hospital.
Let's 107th Ave in 41st Street in Dorel.
I'll be there until 2 in the PM.
Doug Thompson says the White House is bitter debate over admitting a mistake.
Thank God we got people with QA and we admit their mistakes in the end of the video.
The debate that erupted in the Oval Office after presidential chief of staff suggested president Bush publicly admit that he led the country to war on the basis of false intelligence information.
Rocked senior White House aides. How do you like that? Rocked the White House.
The anger that spilled from political guru Karl Rose lips was accorded as president to meeting the most vocal disagreement anyone had ever seen from the trusted advisor from the president.
Discussions with those pretty many meetings are determined to president strategy show most senior raise lining up against Rove, who's a robing maniac.
This is a stupid f-ing idea. Rove said his voice shaking. This is a stupid f-ing. Yeah.
This president doesn't admit mistakes. A leader doesn't acknowledge error.
But card bolstered by the president's willingness to try new approach and speeches on a rack policy admitting some mistakes while following to complete the mission in a rack pushed for the big one.
A public presidential admission that the intelligence information used to sell the word of Congress and the American peoples was wrong in the claims that the rack presents weapons of mass destruction.
That's quite a revelation isn't it? Poes that immediate threat to the U.S. or that proof existed of a link between San Luisano and San Miamama.
I thought we knew all those things. All these things.
Armed with polls that show the president rebounding and public approval after his first speeches, card pushed for the big one.
A presidential admission that the primary reason is given for the rack war was wrong, with Bush still insisting the war was justified.
It was card admitted a risky strategy. The press and public could zero in on the false intelligence and the president's many claims that the intel was correct and missed the overall point of the speech, but the chief of staff argued that the risk was worth taking.
The intelligence was flawed card said. Everybody in the nation knows that it's time we admitted the truth.
Roe of wasn't convinced. The White House could acclaim, continue to claim that it had more access to intelligence than the public and could claim that information supported the earlier reports.
That won't fly card said. The truth is out on this. As long as we continue to deny the truth of President's credibility is at stake. Bush wavered but came down on card side when Karen Hughes, the presidential confinant that Bush trust even more than Roe, sided with the chief of staff.
Bush's speech delivered yesterday went to more than a dozen drafts before settling on the language the president would use.
It is true that much of the intelligence turned out to be wrong, Bush said in the final draft. As president, I'm responsible for the decision to go into Iraq, but in typical Bush style, the president remained committed to the war.
Sodom was a threat and the American people in the world is better off because he's no longer in power, he'd be saying.
The debate over admitting the use of false intelligence marked the second straight to fee for Roe of determining the president's course that he's trying to resell his Iraq word away skeptical American public.
He argued against the current strategy used by Bush for mid sums, but saying setback saying a real leader doesn't act that way.
Some might house a say the president's willingness to ignore the advice of his most trusted aid signals Bush's wearing this would roast scorched earth political strategies.
The president realizes that listening to Carl Goddard and the fix in the first place and that he's in now said one senior GOP consultant who like all who come in on Bush for publication insisted on anonymity for a fair of angering their president.
He's listening to others now and taking the advice that's why you're seeing a new quote.
And just a wix, there just might be another indictment coming down in that whole playing game, you know what, a threat.
Whatever, be a good bit for both of Brian now. We got that name game, right? It's cute, right? The playing game, I like it.
27 past one as we inch closer and closer toward that magical moment of two.
This is the deal. This is 5.69 am.
He's in the power of money and vast deals to take the most away from those price killing Jews. It's the hate squad.
Yes, the hate squad is coming to your house this Christmas.
Two hating Republican action figures that teach you how to participate in good Christmas Republican partisan rhetoric.
He's in those price killing too. He didn't influence the Romans, but they were enjoying.
Unkindly, the Christmas soldiers liked a swim ball.
It's a lot, it's a lot, it's a lot, it's a lot of horse.
The thousand points of life.
The junior and toe.
And space, politics, and painting.
Lay the tower bill, sold separately.
Geek action figures comes with its own wealth based off against the booklet.
Explain how the Jews would rise from rise.
The same goes for the purchase for a free swatzik armband.
And an additional Alan C. Cell painting, Uncle Todd.
Larry, these actions that you're censored available for.
Short time only. We get to top of the line.
How's Alan Kees? Let's be in doubt.
I bet she's doing well.
She's still a ripen him in an ass.
I like it. You go, uh, like you were.
You want to tell Cuban team you're out.
Too bad Miguel's not there.
They he would just be squeezing his kneecaps.
So excited about this.
A Cuba story.
It was Cubans.
I wonder if any shafers still alive.
We got to check that.
I don't time shaper sleeps with the fishes.
But I wonder if old any shaper still alive.
It was Cubans. Cubans.
She was a real piece of work.
Cuba's hopes of playing in the world baseball class next spring have been dashed.
The US Department of Treasury denied major league baseball.
The license required for the team to participate.
The move came after Cuban American members of Congress urged the Treasury to veto
the license application and ask Major League Baseball to drop the Cuban team from the tournament.
Where's Ron Fraser would say the tournament?
Did nobody says beast?
Yeah, I haven't heard of it all.
You don't even know.
You wouldn't know Ron Fraser would be coming in.
If I do, I know that you would know Ron Fraser.
The Wizard of College baseball, my friend.
Yeah.
Actually, he never really did any coaching skipvertment of the coaching and he was just a PR guy.
Plus he was a busy doing other things.
Like we are.
Look, just calm down.
We are very disappointed with the government's decision to deny the participation of a team from Cuba.
Major League Baseball and the players associations had in the state of the yesterday.
We will continue to work with appropriate channels and an attempt to address the government's concerns
and will not announce a replacement unless it until that effort fails.
The first world baseball class will be an 18-day tournament in March featuring 16 teams of mostly professional players
from Northern Latin America, Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa.
The games will be played in Tokyo, Puerto Rico, Florida, Arizona and California according to its managers.
I guess they won't be any marlins in that because it says mostly professional players.
But since the participating teams reached some financial benefit from the tournament,
the Cuban team needs a license from Carriagey's office to form assets control,
which enforces the US and Bergware against Cuba.
I think the Beast would have enjoyed my conversation with Ron Fraser in the hotel in Omaha
when you are during the college world series when I said to him in the lobby,
I said, Ron, we may not be the best team here in Omaha,
but we are the only team that has got two drug dealers.
What?
I wasn't supposed to know these things and it was not that I'm nosy,
but you couldn't help but to know the word was around.
Oh, I speak of that spot we got about the pickles or that bit, whatever it is.
They let Jay-Roye Keach out of that.
You better do something about it. You better straighten that out.
Now, who is it that's approaching him to hire him, Jay-Roye Keach?
He's got an offer, is all over the other station?
To do some work, please.
Well, that would be great. Welcome to Barclay Stady.
Welcome to Mark White's stadium.
I hear you're my MAHR.
Okay.
When he's 87, he'll still be sitting up there in that booth with the microbes and thought with Rosie.
Now, what do you think, Rosie?
How the canes this year?
Fraser's decision came as the Bush administration had been tightening the US trade and travel sanctions on Havana over the past year,
and it declared that to deny resources to the government there and prepared the way for political changes
because once Cuban Finale Castro is low-logger in power, and other as once he croaks already for crying out loud.
It's unknown how much money the Cuban baseball team might have earned by playing in the classic.
Tournament profits will be largely determined by how much its organizers can get for broadcast rights.
Oh, let's get those games out.
Oh, come on, Clarence. Let's start working on it.
Congressional members across the political spectrum waited in the issue.
New York Democratic representative Jose Serrano, who enjoys friendly relations with the Castro government,
had urged that the Cubans be allowed to play.
They want to play.
Let's keep politics out of this, he said, in the statement, but Miami Republican representative Lincoln D.S. Ballard,
rams with bad egg fart, called the US decision appropriate and correct.
He had previously urged majorly-based vulnerable occupant defectors already playing in professional teams to form a Cuba team for the event.
The factors, not like real Cubans, no more.
In letter he sent the baseball commissioner, but C. LaGlaas, we, he likened inviting Cuba's team to asking a part-time Air-South Africa to join a tournament.
What issue are we talking about, silly pandewars, you know what?
It's just ridiculous.
So if you want to go to Cuba, just fly up here and fly right out.
No problem. 80's in flights leave an every day.
By the way, it's getting really murky and cloudy.
I just looked at a radar and a big snow storm is almost here.
Probably arrive right at two o'clock when I want to go out and get some last minute of crap.
Good timing.
Yeah. Not good.
Well, what do you mean by that? I'm not talking about food. I'm talking about stuff of travel crap, you know.
Right, I mean sarcastic.
I mean, you're used to packing for those long distance trips.
Yeah, they're just packing.
163 votes on our pool. How do you rate yourself as a human being?
You know, we also ought to do one. How do you think other people rate you?
But I guess it would be the same, right? Or not?
Um, two plus.
Yeah, but you see what I'm, where I'm going with that?
No, I know.
Right off the deep ends.
How do you rate yourself as human being?
163 votes. B. Pretty good. 83. That seems to be the general.
Nothing wrong with that. That's me. That's George and the B said, uh, G, which is one step below F.
See average 31. D. I have many flaws.
26. Well, we're sure proud of you, but the butcher a the best 13.
How do you like that?
13. People out there better than we are.
Man, we better start working on it.
F. I'm a piece of Schmidt 12.
That must be the car.
And he I'm not not a good person. None.
So in other words, either you're pretty good, you're okay or you're, but not not a good person.
See, I'm saying he has got the none. Don't you find it a little bizarre?
It is bizarre. It's strange.
Like, like I said, like most of our callers, it's strange.
Although there aren't any on there right now. What happened to line 10?
We don't have a line 10. Right.
Did I just notice that for the first time, line 10 and 11?
That's the first time you've noticed it. Then yeah.
But I got a button for line 10. It doesn't do anything.
And I got a button for line 11. That also does it do anything.
Well, then push it harder.
No, okay. I'm pushing it.
WQA.M. Hello.
Yeah, I could.
What is it?
What? Speak up.
I want to talk with you, bro.
Yeah.
How about some red wing tickets for tonight, man? Come on.
Right, great.
You got plenty available at the box office, okay?
They'll give me a link for about 30 cents.
About 30, man.
Yeah. Have no fear. How about some red wing?
What a cheap bastard, huh?
That's just, you know, that line 10 thing, though.
There used to be a black thing there. I think when you rebooted it,
the little black square disappeared. That's why it looks so different.
Okay. Do you see that on your unit?
It looks the same as it always has.
What? There's no square there?
No.
Or you do have a square. Is it a Hollywood square?
No, it's a frisket.
No, certainly. Is it a blank gray spot?
Or is it like a rectangular box there where a dot would be, but it ain't.
No, not to see. I don't got that no more.
Wow. That's why it looks so different.
You're like making fun of audio, man's losing.
No, it doesn't look any different.
Well, there's different hair, man.
It looks really bizarre.
Line 9 works though. Q-A-M. Hello.
And back at you.
Okay. That was a required responding to your vicious attack on him earlier,
especially at the holidays. Uncalled for.
For a holiday?
Un-un-acceptable. Whatever one he's celebrating.
Well, that's right. He found Jesus on the front lawn.
When he was running around his underwear with his a cheerleading wife.
This is Neil Rodd.
Happy holiday, son. This is five-seater.
And Rick?
Well, A-M.
All right!
That's for sure.
Now, from Washington, the Maglachlan group,
featuring Eleanor Cliff, Jack Jamon,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John Maglachlan.
Issue 1, George W.
Rings of Walt. Eleanor Cliff.
Well, John, I have to say.
Wrong! Jack Jamon!
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong! Tiki Barber!
I'm going to have to say to both wrong.
Axel Anzer for exercise.
That wasn't even a choice!
Next issue! Al Gore!
Favorite Broadway show!
Bring it in the noise, bring it in the punk or cats!
Eleanor, I think it's well done.
Well, John, I have to say.
Wrong! Jackie, Jackie, Benjamin Jamon!
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong! Tiki Barber!
I'm going to have to say, right?
Not a choice!
We need Tiki Barber!
You gave it an answer last time!
There wasn't a choice!
Wrong! Correct response!
Cats!
He loves them!
Next issue!
The cast of Big Brother should be murdered!
How? Eleanor!
I would say!
Wrong! Jackie Barber!
Dynamite!
Wrong! Tiki Barber!
I don't think they should be.
Wrong!
Anzer, Poison, Coding!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
146th at UMN, there's another older nugget.
One of those chestnuts that David Harsley used to talk about.
I bet you'll ask you to remember David Harsley from Ion Z.
What was his name?
The nervous guy?
Mark Coon.
Can you wait for him?
Can you remember Mark Coon?
He was at our meeting at that time.
Remember the meeting in the hotel, the Paxen crowd?
Wasn't Walter Sabo there that night?
Oh, that meeting!
Yeah, I don't remember him though.
I remember the name.
Oh, he's scrawny, kind of very nervous.
What am I doing here?
Very nervous.
I've got a kid in here.
Are you ripping me on here?
Kind of like kid boy.
I wonder if Tim Williams is still in the business.
Although I don't think everybody was.
Probably his mommy don't own any radio stations anymore.
So Tim Williams in the meeting.
He got also very upset when I went to IOD and told me what a jackass he was on here.
I've got kids, man.
Everybody listens to Neil Rogers.
Well, I think your kids probably already know you're a jerk.
Oh, the beast will like this story.
Okay.
Anyone visiting Baloxie in the days after her cancotrine.
And might reasonably have concluded it would be a long while.
Before slot machines were getting there and session chines destroyed 9 of 10 floating casinos in Baloxie in the 10 suffered significant damage.
Yet so well financed is the gambling industry and so profitable facilities that lie in the beaches there.
And one casino was set to open its doors to the public December 22.
That's a week from today.
Maybe we can send your ass there and get you a good machine mine.
Let's go.
Another is to reopen the day after Christmas.
A third of the palace casino will have spent 23 million in four months reopened by New Year's Eve said the general manger Keith Crosby.
I wonder if he's keen to read a cross bait or maybe Bing or maybe Sydney Crosby.
Sydney kid.
All 10 Baloxie casinos until the city will rebuild and most plan larger more elaborate facilities.
One, hair is entertaining the world's largest gambling company.
It's told city officials that it plans to invest as much as a billion dollars in a new resort casino where a figure size will not have to catch people's attention even in Vegas.
And growing listed investors looking to take advantage of a new state law allowing the first ever land based casinos is seeking an audience with city officials or state regulators in Jackson.
Never did we believe that Jews like me and the beast would be in Mississippi but it's a shot.
For those sure to be open long before they saw Florida ones at Pompoon O'Park and at the Dania Highlight and a Hollywood Greyhound at a Gulf Stream.
Right? Right.
At least June anyone think of maybe July.
I'm gonna have to come down and see if Dick Feinbrill saved me a really good machine.
I can't wait.
Can't wait for what? Slots? Bad news for you man.
You better use my DAPI strategy. I'm smelling you right now.
Don't go there and punch your guts out every day. Don't become like a hooked.
See with me I enjoy and I have a good time.
I've been a little bit of Sephiril last night. I've been a little too much.
But if I never went again, I wouldn't be okay.
But you of course you were addicted to gambling because you were working QAMs here gambling.
You don't bet on ballad you do.
That's ridiculous.
When we came to that station and George said it was a sports bar with a microphone.
I think it's a sports book with a microphone.
It was worse back in the day.
He was one of those plungers and more his name Jason Blasbog.
Jason Blasbog.
I'm out of the internet.
I still have your copy of Charles Shank Redemption.
He's a Newton Massachusetts.
He's a Newton mass.
I'll be damned.
He's in Wayne Newton selling in terms.
Wayne Newton is gonna be at the falls of your casino and agro falls.
Any interest?
You're gonna tell the Humper about that. He's probably zip right out of there.
I've seen Wayne.
You have seen Wayne Newton live.
He lost his face. He shook my hand.
And let me ask you one question.
Why?
Just to say that I did.
Oh, how many?
Me either bunch of 90-year-olds.
For better or worse casinos are the source of the rarest commodity along your golf coast better by Katrina.
Optimism.
Legalized gaming said, blocks his mayor, A.J., howl always gonna be what saves us by contrast in action and uncertainty.
Dominated storyline in New Orleans, which remains largely in stasis.
And business is wonderful.
Sorry.
That was that.
Wayne Newton.
I don't know what it all.
It's been such an interesting day.
You know, when you're giving me like Wayne Newton, Daddy, don't you run so fast?
I know, I know, Daddy was running fast.
Yeah, you want to get away from Wayne.
We want to be seen next to him.
New Orleans remains largely in stasis.
His business is wonderful.
Their customers will return and weigh the wisdom of rebuilding.
It's not a question whether the business community will take a huge hit.
But how bad that hit will be said, J.L.A.P.R., a local businessman with chairman of the business council of New Orleans.
Speaks on behalf of more than 50 there is largest corporations.
Cassinas, of course, it says here can make unpleasant neighbors.
The last few residents complained about the traffic and the noise.
The gambling palaces tower over a once-quaint beach community of modest tomes.
As if exotic, outsized creatures crawled up from the beach and took root.
One casino will tell this town of 55,000.
Stands as the tallest building in Mississippi.
Another reigns as the state's most expensive.
Still, these garage vagus refugees are proving resourceful.
Residian neighbors by serving as economic lifeline in town that were in the city.
They once lost a fifth of its housing stock and will over 10,000 jobs.
There's another thing nobody really talked much about during this legislative bashing of the will of the voters.
At least attempt to do a deep-sick.
Is the jobs are going to be created?
Thousands of new jobs, man.
Not nearly as much revenue as they could have had if the legislature wouldn't be deep-sick to put the 50% tax on.
See, it's not important that you guys have seen, but that we make sure we try to put you out of business.
Even though we're partners with you, in fact, one of them right next to it.
Well, I'll be damned if I want to see those paramutrials flourishing again.
Well, what does that mean?
There's a state that's supposed to be in partnership with the new share of the revenue.
Well, I'll be damned if we're going to make money through gambling.
And by the way, where's my stick in Lotto tickets?
This is Neil Rudd.
That's a certificate of service.
It's 5.16.2.8.
And this is G Gordon Litty, and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger, the new owner.
The master's done it, Lee.
Now it's windy, cut with a tree.
Please, lady, buy a heart.
Someone please cover the vines.
Silent heart, deadly heart.
My chief was ran apart.
I guess I drank too much eggnog.
So I'll try to play with the door.
Roar with just the cut of cheese.
Oh, right.
Open the window with a please.
Silent heart, deadly heart.
If you don't smell, I can't be came.
Left a cloud so stinky and green.
It cleared out the dead body piece.
Came right out of my bum.
Is that all I said to wash the home?
Even to the bridge to come up with a stupid expression of my bum.
Oh, rhymes with mum though.
Is in a queen mum.
No, roll AIDS, man.
They got a new one for the multipurpose for gas and indigestion.
The blueberry ones.
We got a heavy snow warning.
We have some breweries starting right now.
I'm going to have like a float.
I don't believe it.
I just looked on the radar.
I got a little window of opportunity to go up and get my last minute.
I get the feeling I'm leaving tomorrow.
Why?
How do you write this today?
I'm going to say whatever I want to hear.
Did I do the right thing today?
I felt the spirit of Christ compelled me to do this.
Of course.
That's what the show is.
Of course not only that, but radio business in general is a soap opera.
It's just bastardized.
How do you write yourself as a human being?
234 votes.
V. Pretty good.
122.
See average 39.
Let me ask you a beast during the break.
Did you go in and ask how he votes on this?
No, I didn't ask.
Oh, come on.
I thought there would be a little bonding or something.
See average 39.
And D. I have many flaws.
33.
That was the beast vote.
Believe me if you saw him.
You would not...
Now we're not just talking about physically.
We're just talking about as a human being.
Right.
Which certainly includes more than just your grotesque fat.
A. The best 23.
Why sure?
I wish I knew those people, don't you?
What people?
The best.
The A people?
Yeah.
It's not like a bunch of A.
Yeah.
Holes.
F. I'm a piece of schmetz because of that 20.
And E. Not a good person.
None.
See there's a...
There's like a big gap there.
A real big fat gap.
Speaking of the beast.
Anyway, the mole monster coming up next.
I can't wait.
Bye, bye, bye.
