I'm actually a ankle tell us what kind of razor uses
Yeah, but you like
You like what track to track to yeah track to yeah
That's like a disposal, but you mean yeah, well good
Why Josh tells me that all his old parts we use it as possible razors and I said I said I don't listen to rap music
I'm not gonna pretend that I do and I'm not gonna pretend that I shaved with some other kind of a razor
So I can pretend to be hip and young and the you know, what are you supposed to use?
Oh, who now knows the the Gillette machnell mach 3 mach 2 with a turbo vibrator who knows
Somebody wouldn't tell us the look kind of razor uses and is a very ordinary lately
I don't know what's going on with your good friend. I think you turned him against us
Who he had quite a countertops with Josh Quattice yesterday at two o'clock after our show or like I sure of you there after I
And you're about this yeah, well you have to stay tuned because I know you got a heavy duty interview coming up
And by the way when Hank is doing his interview
Can we make sure that doesn't bleed on the air like it usually seems to happen to do I won't do it from here
I'll go do it in the other room. Oh good good thinking because otherwise it leaks
Yeah, it's like a pre preview of the interview, but you know, we're talking in stereo me
Why the county manager on today? That's what I heard there's two sides to all the
How come you had a county manager and not your close best personal friend from that organization?
That's right. He was on with guilty and boy yesterday. Yeah, squeaky. Well, I'm sorry. I wonder if he knows squeaky from I don't know
But I brought up this point this morning and the county manager agreed with me that these people just don't know how this town works
If you want to get something done here, you don't do it that way. Can I tell you something? Yeah, I don't know about you
But I think I'd have a lot of company out there the people of South Florida are so sick and tired of
Millionaire and billionaire sports owners threatening to leave and like I said yesterday
And then this is even before I knew this story about the big Marlon press conference in the threatening for the eight million time
They're gonna leave the only reason that the Panthers still exists the only reason is because they had that one lucky season when they went to the finals and
Everybody was throwing the rats and all whipped up all the phony below me bandwagon jumpers who've long since jumped off
That's the only reason that Wayne got the arena built and Broward
That's the only reason the franchise didn't move way way back then
Yeah, but you know, there's a bunch of virgin leaving. It's it's not a sports town. It's never gonna be they can support the dolphins and a heat as long as the heat
Keep winning and playing well as long as they got and that's it
Yeah, but you know, but there's another factor too Wayne can get it something done in Broward County
He can he's got the cloud Mickey Harrison can get something done in Miami. Who are these people?
They're Johnny come lately because he's got you know got the right he's knows the right people you also put some money into it
Yeah, but these guys, you know, they don't and and he just really forgotten how fast you know mayor mayor
Weenie, Pakenia there how one of his campaign promises that year was he wasn't gonna make any backdoor deals with the way
With the Mickey or anybody else for any arena
Yeah, well you're doing it the minute he got it on he was already in the plan in the works
It was already in his pocket well for them being all of a sudden the first thing he does is he makes a backdoor deal with Mickey
They need that arena like they need a hole in the head
Well, and then he's saying well, they're gonna put more money in than anybody ever has which is not not true
I'm gonna ask you how come all these so many of the other markets
They still play basketball and hockey in the same arena. How is that possible just like the air Canada Center?
How come the Iraqis can play their release pretend to play and the least can play in there and there's not any problem
Well, this was an ego thing between you and I absolutely correct. That's right two two big fat egos
That's what I'm telling you people are tired of that two big fat wallets, too
You want to take in fact the Sunsetals doing a pool today? I'm sure you must have seen her to hurt about it
46.2% say yes spend the money for the stadium we need a yadda
53.8% say no tens or hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer money's unacceptable
Let him go will pack him a sandwich. How do you like that surprise? It's that close. Yeah
54% say bye-bye. Yeah, I see that's the thing
Yeah, first thing you have to decide is or determine do people really want baseball here?
And I don't think they do Josh Cordis wants it badly. That's his that's his bread and butter
It's a bread and butter. That's how it there. Huh?
Maybe that's why he needs to yeah, he needs baseball here so he can afford to buy a track to razor
He gets paid a poke Dave Ann boring interrives between every pitch to people
Kind of goose up like him a little bit and the marlins win the world series
You know like that. That's pretty weak
But I didn't rate well, I don't want to see baseball leave
But I don't know what somebody we all know says you don't want to live in a town
It doesn't have baseball it was in baseball. I remember somebody said that's low
But we lived here a long time without it. Yeah, that's right. Somehow we survived
But I heard you I heard you talking who were you talking to about Pat Riley? I think yeah
About the fact that used to go to minor league games
I remember when sunny was managing
The Marlins were a minor league team. They got the Orioles my farm team. Yep, and the old Miami stadium
We used to go there all the time Roy slant off was the official score and then now he's dead
Yeah, I can't I wish I wouldn't ask you that the other day. It's so depressing
One of the things about getting old is that all the people that you knew are dead all the words
You know that pizza if it's the alternative. Yes, I'm sitting around talking about you be in bed
But nevertheless it's as my father used to say they're calling up our class
Oh great. Yeah, well, we'll just out of spite, but they're all spite
There are ways to creatively finance stadiums through private contributions
Yeah, you know if you wanted to build it yourself. There's a study maybe we'll bring the ghost of Joe Rambie back
Yeah, I mean his fan yeah
Everybody credits him which I I get him credit
But at the same time he settled the family with the real like put a noose around their neck
Right, and that's why they had to get rid of the stadium 13 ballpark were built between 1989 2001 and if they
According to this group with the University of Dayton with increased ticket prices corporate suites naming rights personal seat licenses
All those things they're sufficient revenue to pay for the cost mm-hmm
So you could do it yourself, but that's that's not the question
No, whether they could build it or not the question is is the town really gonna support it and now that they're having this big fire sale
You know, it's really interesting at a time when you're asking people to step up
And if you don't build a system we're gonna leave and then they're having a fire sale and then trading away everybody from the team
That's always a brilliant thing to do. Yeah, well, they can't afford to keep paying these players
Well, it's a little on the stupid side then if they can't afford it
They shouldn't have gotten the business all these all these millionaire and billionaire guys who like head
You know big dollar signs in their eyeballs
That's just the way it is it takes your chances and anybody that's dumb enough to invest in his sports franchise in South Florida
Because there's what they get it's a horse and buggy team. You know that town. You know that. Yep
I always will be always
Always will be and even those golfing games
I still think man the number of empty seats in that stadium lately and I can't play with all in a hurricane anymore
And that Kansas City game the night before the weekend of the hurricane
It wasn't even any hurricane yet and there were still thousands of empty seats. It's just true
What that was the excuse for that and the excuse being that they were four and twelve last year
And they'll be lucky to get four wins this year and who now wants to be part of that that's how Florida for you
It doesn't really matter the result doesn't matter the scoring of the game
But the three Keynes losing their second game you know thought that you thought that the world came to win
And you thought that WW3 had started and people were dying on street corners all over the place that mushroom clouds were forming
Because they lost their second game in a season is it it's just you know a bunch of losers trying to grab on and be part of something
Hey look at me. I'm great. Right speaking of mushrooms. Yes. I hope I have some mushroom based dressing tomorrow
And I hope you have a good Thanksgiving. I'm not
Not celebrating that's right. You're in for a great. Thanks. Give me everybody had my things for God about that
No, I'm just having another day and I'm working tomorrow. It's the other day at the slot
Well, you won't be one there will not be another day at the slots trust me not at that place
Oh, I don't know if we got time for me to tell you I got my 30-minute call yesterday from a lady who's with the gaming and the
Shicer outfit
Yeah, and I might as well talk to the the ashes of my little miniature printer is talks of that bitch
And I finally I finally was able to bring her around at the end of the admitting that the literature they put out is wrong about
The ones here with orders make a different work machine you said that I said well
How about one at center for your pain two thousand the next couple of polls?
Are you telling me that it does make any difference if you lucky enough to sit down there as opposed to one
It's not gonna pay out for next four hours. Well, you have a point. Yeah, I got a point
I'll write I don't worry like this ticket right what an idiot right into it
He says to me the most and she's supposed to be in public relations
He says well, what is really the purpose? What would you like me to do tell you what machines are gonna pay off?
I said you know something I said here we go again with it being insulting and demeaning and talking to me like a
Much I said I've been having to try to have an intelligent discussion with you and I don't want to air you total denial
But now you're insulting me. I said you won't see me no more. Oh
Happy Thanksgiving to him too. Yeah, happy Thanksgiving. Oh, even though of course
We're thankful March 1st is just around the corner. We started a lot of it. You have to face his heavy duty assaults and whatever
He's just the last few days that I wanted somebody up Eden is a coffee or what the deal is but boy
He's just out of control really serily. I haven't been listening the only good part of it is about these crossovers is now that it now
It's only 50 50. I don't have to take a hundred percent now. It's you and me. It's like we're the evil doers
I'm willing to take the rap the daring duo while you can do it
As well Martinez leaves you alone have a great. Thanks. You don't eat too much tomorrow
No, you have a good time. I'm not down friday. All right. Take care
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if
Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here
Uh-huh because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing
I went out and did something else
I'm a lady
Well, I'm the rain and no
Hope would be
I'll
I'll press the ride
I'll sign enough to bring some things down
Then you walk this up and deal with the whole party
I'll give you that feature
I'll tell you something
I'll tell you something
That's my teacher
I'll tell you something
I'll tell you something
I'll get dirty little
I don't care if I was just a
A bad death that's no good
China
I'll have you not always
For importance for me to survive
No!
Let me find some
Leopardy
In title of it
And besides
I only have a
Nigula shield in a sliver of a slice of the pizza
I want your pizza
I want your pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I'll take that pizza
I want you to be constantly
Yorkers now
Now understand the rumor is we got a new sales guy in a building
Brett
Is that Brett Boone or Brett Summers?
Brett is that
And he's going to take me on man
He's not afraid of me
And he's like, how about going out and selling something Brett
Instead of worrying about throwing your weight around
But a big shot you are and you're going to take me on
Go and sell something
That would be a real good idea
By the way, we owe a
Josh Cortes, who is a profus apology
The lovely little
Soledad O'Brien
Is that right?
No
No, she's still a bubblehead and an idiot
Because I ripped her yesterday because she said Jose Padilla
And then I watched him
Brian Williams on NBC News last night and he says
He now prefers to be called Jose Padilla
How about we just call him
Dufare!
Jose
And now they've dropped the other charges
Because they can't nail him on notes
So they trumped up some new ones
And they'll be put up open
So poor Soledad, we ripped her for that
But she's still a total idiot and a bubblehead
And I wish she would die
Now here's some facts
See when Hank told me he used the track too
You notice I kind of like pause there
Uh-huh
Did he still even make the track too razor?
Obviously
See how he... I don't know
I don't know about that
I haven't seen a track too razor since before
Tom Edison was a baby
Have you?
No
Anyway
Jose Padilla, get that right
He's from the Freedom Floor Tilla by the way
Jose Padilla
And he's a real killer is what they're telling us
So here's John Faxon, says I used the joy at M3 power
And so does my wife
I mean he's got some other costica
Especially oriented comment on it
That I can't pass along with his joist
Miguel by the way says that he doesn't understand
He says the M3, the M3 Turbo
It doesn't... doesn't vibrate
You're full of crap
That's what I use
And it doesn't vibrate
Well, maybe you don't know where the button is
Okay, you always had a problem
Don't worry to stick your finger
You have to turn the button on
There's no button
There is a button
You've got the M3 regular one
You don't have the Turbo baby
It's a Turbo
Well, maybe they stuck the wrong one in the box
How is that possible?
Huh?
I'm sure the one you have this Turbo Plus
Or something else
During the break I'll go out and get it again for the 400 time
Yeah, for 100
And I'm not using that one
See, you know, I told Josh before the show
I don't know why I didn't don on me sooner
He keeps telling me, well, I don't know anybody under the age of 50
Or whatever you picked who's not an old fogey
Who doesn't use this disposable razor
And I guess what?
I'm not under the age of 50 no more
I'm an old fogey
Maybe those younger hippercasey across the street
Maybe they use mock schnell
But I'm an old fart
So at least I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing
How do you like that?
At least I'm not using a track too
Oh, sorry, Humber
Track two
Wow
Lady Fax is says, I use disposable
And she says, how about this for a holiday banner
South Park already beats you to that student
Thank you very much
But we can't play that normal one
That would be great if we could play
Maria F. and Christmas
Yeah, we're used to play it as it in times
That was before the Faxist took over
The word police and of course before Joyce came in
Now we do have some ratings coming up at 11.30
And the Duff is running around all excited
Because it gives us something to do
Sergio and Hiolias says I'm 45 in a whole year
That uses body wash and you'll let this disposable razor
Say I'll see you say mini trimmer for nose hairs
Ah, a mini trimmer for nose hairs
Well, all I can say to that is a Sergio
Too far
Okay, let's do the break and then we'll get it to happen
The yesterday's shaving pole
We got the new ugly pole
We got all kind of stuff going on
And ratings which we didn't even know about
And we got Miguel back today for the whole four hours is it?
Yes
That's exciting because after you left yesterday we were kind of like lost
I'm sure you were seeing me
Not
And now we did just fine
And we'll do fine tomorrow
Because tomorrow is Thursday and actually I will be here
Yes, sure
And Josh will be here and nobody else
And we'll do what I used to do on Thanksgiving
I'm trying to wonder why I used to work all those Thanksgiving
Because I could take the day another day
I guess that was it
Being the nice guy that I am giving George it is spend with his family
Those people he wants to spend it with and those he had
They never want to see again
What a guy
What a guy is right
So we'll play the rack with all kinds of stuff
Maybe even some requests tomorrow
But I doubt that
10, 14, at 5, 60, WQA and
Okay, 10, 18
Now here's the deal
And the reason I didn't play the bit right there is what I'm going to do is
I just saw on the tracking my package and I'm waiting for
Yes
That it was delivered just moments ago
And that's pretty exciting to me
Because there's some very important document in there
So the bottom line is I'm going to play some stuff here
Okay
That's about four and a half minutes long
And if it expires before I come back you can talk about me and riff me and ask
In fact bring in Brett from the sales department to riff me
All right, or maybe I'll be vague
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
What an enthusiast
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
Torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
Torture.
I am each of you
No, no squares
Oh, wh taxation
my ass
Mooiammy has a Dalton Sonow pourrait
Papi
There every gambler's night
Nair
There every Charge
Migama
x
Downs not even one field goal.
And when you say Miami, you're so tough and toilet-folders.
They're up Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
That is you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
The dolphins can't beat anyone.
Can't even beat the spread.
I wish that Vince Lombardi could come back from the dead.
Nick Saban makes him practice while he wears that stupid hat.
He'll end up like their last head coach.
That loser day wants that.
And they're up Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
That is you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I miss Don Chua about you.
Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal stripes.
They're tight and like so workout by beating up his wife.
Half the team are criminal.
See other, half sun drugs.
And this is what will happen when you draft a fortune.
There are my.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
That's you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They really are a monthly crew.
The dolphins have no blocking.
They've got no passing game.
I've got just one suggestion.
They ought to change their name.
To the Miami tampons.
And why do such a thing?
They're good for just one period.
And have no second string.
And they're up Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
That's you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Again the fans begin to boo.
You suck.
The dolphins have no balls except the ones they're playing with.
I just can't wait to see how Ricky will fix our head.
It doesn't matter.
It's me never has another trope.
It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up.
And it's hoaxing their up.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're good.
Okay, 10-23.
I'm back.
Got my package.
Got my replacement passport.
Now I'm all set for the next 500 years.
Does me we can't talk about you now?
Yeah, well you can go ahead.
I'll pretend I'm not here.
No, it's okay.
Hey listen, I had to break the news to some people in that building like Brett the New
Hot Shot from New York and our sales department.
Actually I happen to be one of those people in the building like a lot of people who is
well liked by many.
Not by everybody of course, but by many.
And suppose to some people who are despised by.
So nevertheless some people who like to be a pastor spend most of their time on denial.
Anyway, here's the result yesterday's poll and of course this created a tremendous stir
all around the building and I have no idea why.
I mean, what the hell difference does it make when you come right down to it?
Hey, kill it.
Kill some good thing.
No, it was a great idea.
It certainly got a phenomenal response.
What are you shave with?
How about your finger?
The Lord.
I'm disposable ratio of 237 out of 241 votes.
337 disposable razors, Josh.
Must be all old hoodies like me.
That's right.
Mark III, the non-turbo to weighty.
Oh, you know why I didn't go into the other room?
Play that little music you got.
We're not.
Yeah, there you go.
Or don't.
Or now we can talk about them.
Hey Neil, you're gay.
Oh, how many days have you heard of the W?
I am here and you are.
I can't say anymore.
See, there he goes again.
Mark III power is what this one says.
Uh-huh.
The M3 power, a mock three innovation.
Uh-huh.
So this is not the mock three turbo.
Uh-huh.
Well, I don't know what's all the wineau.
You know what that means, right?
You know what that means.
What?
That wasn't on the pole.
So that's just more votes takeaway from the disposable.
I see.
Well, how do you like that?
The mock three?
Well, I'm assuming they think turbo is what that meant.
I don't know.
Like I told you, it's like Chef Boyard Demon.
They keep making 100 different ones.
It's all the same crap and they just put different names on it.
Well, they're smart to making a lot of money.
Mock three in on turbo, 283.
The mock three turbo, 224.
The mock she nailed and have any it.
Electric razor, 200.
Other cartridge razors, 118.
Like, do you like track two?
Like the offer uses track two.
Hey, hey, it doesn't want out with knickers.
Uh, a shit quadruo 50.
And what?
And it's true.
Do you like track two?
Well, that's just two blades, right?
So, so is the one that I use only two blades.
Well, excuse me, but one of them is, yay.
Shit quadruo 50 and old fashioned blade razor 29.
With those sharp select blue blades and chicken looking in all really sharp.
You get a slice your thumb off of that thing.
It's so sharp.
But he's good too.
It's 90 up and forth too many.
For us too many?
Well, how many of these?
Well, that's the quadruo, right?
Yes.
I like to got a, I got that call yesterday.
We said he went on trip doing,
and he, he, what, what's one to use?
The, uh, I think it was the quadruo.
Does it?
The quadruo, he says sliced off the most skin off his face and you find on a hog's answer.
Something like that.
Yeah.
It wasn't quite as colorful as that was.
Uh, yeah, this, uh, so maybe I got the wrong one.
The, I'm, the M3 powers after wrong one, Gillette.
The one that goes like,
You hear it?
Oh, I hope.
Like, what are the dentist?
It's hung over here.
Is that the right?
I, I guess after the show, I'm going to have to go back and, uh,
go back to the drugstore and buy a whole bunch of razors.
Not, not that I'm doing it because anybody is trying to intimidate me,
a macho guy like me into shaving with anything, just for an experiment.
You know, it's good for you.
It, it, it's like the body wash.
You have like 15 different razors.
Right.
I got 13 different bottles of body wash on the wall and I'll have like 13 different razors.
And depending on what mood I'm in the midday or whatever, yeah.
I feel like I have a lot of life on.
I feel like I'm going to be talking about you.
How much, uh, we feel like, uh, what was the word again?
We're stuttering.
Are you stuttering over here?
Yeah.
When you face the music.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When we come back, maybe Josh can tell about his encounter with the, uh,
mole mice to yesterday after the show.
That was, uh, very shocking and surprising and disappointing too.
What, what is it that we've done to deserve such a, I just don't understand it.
It's a radio show.
And that's another thing that this Bret hot shot from New York and sailed on it.
It's a radio show, okay?
I happen to be a pretty decent guy, okay?
Very low key.
I don't scream at howler of people.
I don't picture everybody out except the sales department they deserve it.
And engineering and management.
But other than that.
No, that's seriously.
It's just, uh, this is a radio show.
That's all.
Who's going to show me?
He's going to put me in my place.
He's going to be, uh, go on and sell something.
Then you'll impress us, okay?
Then you'll impress everybody.
Go sell an account.
Well, like I was something for real.
Instead of just taking somebody else's old account and sucking a commission out of it, okay?
Bret.
Welcome.
Look who's being silly idea.
A fine little kid was a magic boy.
The other sales were ruined.
Now the things are moving.
There's nothing I think is better for you.
This should not be higher.
Here comes Harry Potter.
He'll be rolling.
Rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' in my money.
The big old Harry-carry glasses.
On his forehead he's got a life in most cars.
Child look what's tragic.
So it's a cop magic.
He can fly up through what he can try to cut.
This could not be higher.
Here comes Harry Potter.
Oh my god.
Rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' in my money.
Go and ask his wife, but they're rolling in the money, okay?
J.K.J.P. who they're rowing, whoever that is, that bitch.
331 votes on the days pool.
Now this is one we took several years ago as a matter of fact.
And the reason I know that is the original list we had on that poll was a lot of people aren't even
here no more.
You know what I'm saying?
Who is the ugliest QN personality?
I figured that fits right in for Thanksgiving.
I'm not really sure why.
For example, Depot was on the original poll.
Joe Rose was on air.
Booth Shamby was on the booster with the orange here.
Joe Castello was on air.
And Josh Friedman was also on air.
But you only have 36 votes.
I guess that most people hadn't seen him.
Of course we didn't ask who smells the worst.
We asked who was the ugliest.
But Hank won that poll 273 by a pretty good margin
and an old weeny face Joe Zagaki 137.
I was third with 95 back in the day.
So we had like scratch out a bunch of names from then and add some new ones.
Now let's see how we're doing right now.
And also we should tell you that if you go to qam.com you can see the latest up-to-date pictures of all our ugly personalities,
our ugly old personalities by the way.
We're old and moldy.
Less than an hour till the trends come out.
And remember what I was saying about I'm not going to pay much attention to trends anymore?
Lire.
I lied.
Well no, because it'll kill some good times today before Thanksgiving.
You think we're going to get calls today?
QAM, hello.
I'm Christian.
QAM.
Who do you know, the mot 3 or the 3 new Swazia?
Who do you know?
I think it was Rosa Parks used the mot 3 myself.
Oh my god, much nil.
All right, can we go home now?
Yeah, let's go.
We can't top that.
Woo!
337 votes.
The ugly old person out of the Humphers got it so far 100, but Moe is actually, it's been going back and forth between the Humphers and the Molmeister.
90 for the Molman.
So I hang scouted them by 10 votes.
Beast 46, that's who I voted for.
I could have voted for myself, but that would be self-deprecating.
Me and my BDIs.
Joe is a Gaki 34.
Neil Rogers 32.
I'm right in there with Joe.
George Rodriguez, it's a big drop off the Jorge only 10.
George is not ugly.
He's just bland looking.
He looks like a generic human being.
That's not a good description.
Pasty and bland.
And then gray, by the way.
You know, we got it on this show.
I'm gay.
And he's gray.
George 10, Lenny Martez 8.
And George just went up to a dozen.
Dirty dozen.
Lenny's got eight.
Mad Dog 5.
Skeldi's got five.
He doesn't have kind of a beak.
Orlando Elsa Queerie's got four.
Eddie K's got three.
I don't think anybody ever sees Eddie K unless they go to highlight.
Do they?
I mean, he's like late at night.
He's like the night owl.
He's one of those people never seen.
Curtis Stevens in two.
Price, Bradford, old ball.
He's got one.
And Kim Bocaver's got one.
So everybody's got at least one vote.
Out of three, 54.
Kind of a nice touch there.
Now, Josh is going to tell us.
In fact, you couldn't have done this
when I would have been delayed getting my package down there.
Well, you didn't.
Otherwise, I wouldn't.
Well, you've been to tell us about that little encounter you had
with our close best personal friend yesterday.
It was the same.
It seems to be just, I don't know where this comes from.
I mean, I didn't realize it was anything special going on these days.
More above or below the usual.
And just everybody ripping each other and ask,
which is perfect.
Of course, but he just, I don't know.
It seems to be losing touch.
So what was it that he told you in 10,000 words or less?
Well, yesterday, but probably about 215.
I had to face the music.
Yeah.
And I was told that, you know,
when he when he leaves that you are going to have to start working
because you can't do a show without him.
I see.
So in other words, there's 26 years before he came to the market.
How the hell did I.
How much it has been hanging on and waiting?
Right.
Yeah.
He said that because I worked for you,
he understands that I can't comment.
Right.
And I just kind of laughed about it.
As if.
Yeah.
So he assumes that everybody in the building, you know,
shares his hatred for all the rest of us.
He just isn't denial.
And of course, I guess you'd have to be in denial.
The fact that there actually are quite a few of us who like each other
and seem to get along pretty well.
I have no issues with Hank.
I have no issues with Mad Dog.
I have no issues with Eddie Kay.
I have no issues with Curtis.
I have no issues with the big.
Oh, he's no, it isn't belong on the ear.
I have no issues with a lot of people.
What?
Now he's okay.
He's doing his five to seven.
The more he's a good time for the big.
Oh, it's a good way for him to get his beak wet, you know?
The big old great.
But the fact of the matter is that Moe is,
he wants to be, he's at war with the universe.
He's shadow boxing the universe.
I'm going to show you when Daba, he'll have fun.
Whatever.
I don't know.
I think I'm about the only one who's at least attempted.
And I don't know why.
I'm just stupid, I guess, and just stubborn.
Over and over again.
I've tried everything but standing on my head to try to make like a little bit of a gesture.
And wasn't he the guy that said, maybe I'm wrong, maybe my memory is wrong.
Didn't he say?
I stand in front of you now, two years later and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's way deal.
You are the truth.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
I'm just got back from entertaining the troops in Iraq.
I wasn't great to see those kids.
Always a pleasure to bestow my talent upon them.
They were so thrilled to see me.
Well here, see for yourself how much joy I brought through their lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's great to be here in Fallujah.
Achaya.
What a town.
Achaya, there was a girl knocking on my hotel room door all night long.
I finally let her out.
Padimpo.
Achaya.
But I want to tell you, the room I have is so small.
The mice are hunchbacked.
What a proud yes.
Indeed it is.
A little traveling music.
I'm so glad to be here.
Thanks for not tuning me.
Despite how much I blow on the radio.
I'm sorry that you're stuck there.
At least I can go home.
So thank you.
And it's for me to make it so far.
Great.
Here it goes.
I don't forget as the old cocker would say if he called it.
And I'll save him the trouble.
Only 75 minutes till I'll franken.
Okay.
Now let's see.
You just sent me a fast and I have no idea what this is.
I was hoping you'd tell me.
Bring back the egg.
Finger no.
And there's a picture of like, I don't know what this is.
And then there's another one pointing at something.
Or there's a, I don't know.
You see a finger in here?
And then on the bottom it's got an on-off switch and something.
And it says, finger no.
Nicar yes.
No gems.
Okay.
Bring back the egg.
I have no idea what that means.
2100 dead American troops by the way in Iraq.
A blood bath is going on.
Even though your vice president lied months ago and told you that the insurgency was waning
over here.
It was in its final death throw.
Is whatever he said.
Yeah, that's a lot of death around.
A suicide car bomber killed 21 people in northern Iraq yesterday.
After insurgents, lured police to the scene by shooting an officer.
A mortar shell fired at the US ceremony.
Did you see the photo of that by the lady of video?
No.
They were ducking for cover-many.
They were like, wow.
Everybody.
The suicide bomber struck on a busy commercial street in Kierkuk in addition to the 21 dead
and other 24 were wounded.
The latest was the attack and away with a spectacular suicide operation which had killed more than
160 civilians since Friday.
Most of them sheites.
And like I said, American death casualty that told now 2100.
A grotesque even number.
And nobody still cares.
At least not enough people care.
Now as far as storytelling is concerned, Josh is, you know, I realize that you've got to
work your way into it.
But you left a lot of important details out.
The thing that you were asking for because we asked it on the ear because everybody else was
Thomas.
Yeah, you're right.
What they shaved with.
They originally started with Orlando Asking him.
He was in there the big O.
And he basically saw it.
He said, if you're a guy, I believe it was, if you're a guy wants to know what I shaved with, he can ask me himself.
So that means you've got to face the music above.
Yeah, I see.
Well, guess what?
I don't really care.
You know, it was just just for the fun of it.
But of course, fun is a dirty word.
You know, I guess he's been in Florida long enough.
He realizes that, you know, having a little bit of fun is a bad deal.
I just, I don't get it.
I mean, why, under any circumstances would you not want to tell somebody what you shaved with other than just to be a sour
Puss?
Okay.
I guess that's the deal, man, with our pal.
He's just a sour Puss.
And it's a hopeless situation.
It's personal.
I'm going to have to write him off for about the 400th time.
I've tried.
God only knows I've tried.
Not too hard lately, but nevertheless.
So I got my new computer yesterday.
I'm sure they're inquiring minds want to know.
Thanks from Canon, the Tobacco, who, uh, asked me this morning about some laptop for $2,400 bucks.
Hey, I got news for you.
I'm not spending no $2,400 bucks for this studio.
In fact, you know something I probably should put in a, shouldn't I put in a expense thing for this computer I bought?
Give it a shot.
But I won't.
Now, this is my own studio.
This is my crab.
Believe me.
This is like my own baby here.
And I got the Hewlett Packer, the HP Pavilion 7220, which is like a little compact computer.
But it's not a baby computer.
And that it does all the stuff that even the biggest, most expensive ones are pretty much.
And it burns CDs and DVDs.
And it burns, you know.
It's a beautiful thing.
And luckily I got a friend who's a computer analyst.
That's his speciality because man, setting up a, if we wouldn't have the router, it's a piece of cake.
It's easy.
But we have the router because I got this whole set up here.
We got these other computers.
And that's, uh, that's the cheater in the wood pile when you got a router.
But it's, uh, coming along.
And thanks to Miguel's, uh, first vacation's this morning.
Not so much Josh who fancies himself the computer expert doesn't, doesn't know too much.
But Miguel, Miguel's really come through this week, you know, at his boring as he is on the air.
Was he yesterday or the day before, that he came through with a sales department, went back there after,
Duff failed.
And I mean failed miserably.
Miguel went back there and threatened to cut all those guys off, I guess.
And all of a sudden the copy came pouring in here.
Every account, the new piece of copy came in.
And then today, uh, we're just running me through step by step this deal with my computer.
A phenomenal job.
I'm a girl.
If we say so ourselves, deserving a day off tomorrow.
I'm Thanksgiving day.
Thank you very much.
So did you look at the look it up on the night?
You see, it looked up my HP.
I looked it up and I thought it.
It's really nifty.
It's nice and it's smaller off.
The, uh, the, the, the monitor sits right on top of it.
So it just takes a very minimal amount of space.
It's a beautiful thing.
WQIM.
Hello.
Let's make no mistake about it.
The closet.
Oh, God.
Die.
Just die for Thanksgiving.
Well, listen, we'll all say extra thanks to Ferb and Jones and his boyfriend's die today.
Just before Thanksgiving.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Is any of your run would say die, die, no?
Yes, sir.
As you continue to compile all the scientific data.
Yes.
Why don't we include choices you've kind of made or know at WQAM personality?
Included what?
Who's the obvious?
We don't know what, we don't know who knows what she looks like.
I don't know.
Yeah, but her action.
Yeah, her.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
She's really got it foul.
Nice try.
But missed by a million miles.
I don't know what she looks like, although Norma奸za.
That she looks like a guy.
I really, very uncomplimentary I thought.
But anyway, the man has a point.
There's ugly issues.
With her attitude and her behaviour.
And probably, she don't look that great in the first place.
But nevertheless, don't be picking on joystead A.B.4 Thanksgiving, especially right around payday time. She knows Caroline Beasley
5 6 7 0 5 6 D
Tom 5 6 D and the Verizon so so you had a very unpleasant and unsatisfactory
Inter encounter with the mom ice chest and that's that's what bad. Yeah, I face the music
I mean what's the need for that? What does there have to be hostility in the hallway?
You know, it's I just I don't get it or it ended bullpen where in the blood bull crap
10 it's always hostile in there. Is it really? Yeah. Well, why is that invest in nice guys hanging out there?
You got can mold it in there nobody doesn't like can any keeps the piece in there. He you know kicks butt
Of course you got time teller her in there
Which I don't think I ever met him. Did I ever meet teller her?
Teller I don't believe her. Oh, I don't think so. What about some of the other people used to be in there
What was the guy's name that used to write? Oh, geez who thought he was like an intellectual
He tried very hard. Is he still there intellectual what they pagan? No, no, no, not Dave Hagen
Dave Hagen's long gone no another guy that used to hang out in there
Well, I have no idea what these people's names are. Well who show it was not anybody show
I don't think he was just working in the bullpen. It was a sports flunky intern something. I don't know
Who know Roger Roy
Roy Roger. Oh that guy. Yeah, he's gone WQ a.m. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. Are you guarding a doughboys sitting next to you there Josh sitting next to me?
Yeah, or I guess he's not sitting next to you but in any event he's a much better improvement over
George there. I think it's a part of George
Let's pile on George while he's on vacation good riff him an ass man
Josh is sort of a dollar, but he's not offensive at all and you know, he's doing pretty good keep it up
Well, it's the Marlon's leave. Maybe we can move right on in that job. What do you think? Hey?
That'll be good. Oh, okay. You got the job now student George will throw him to the walls put him out on the beach
Would his wife and two kids to support and Josh can move right in be producer like a vulture
It's like those vultures that stand over your shoulder at the casino
I did have my 30-minute conversation. I told the hunter that I'm not gonna go into a thing about it on the year with the so-called
Gaming she was pretty gamey alright with some bitch about woodbine and
Get anywhere with that of course not
No, I'm packing out horses that went along with that smart ass camera. What would you like me to do?
I tell you what machines are gonna pay off. I said, you know, this is just insulting
I mean you're supposed to be in customer relations. You're one of the many reasons
I will not be returning to that dump at any time in the future
I didn't even mention the fact that half of the people are smell so bad like death death on two legs
I know what that's all about they've been fitting there for five days
No, I really don't know it's just a different client tell you go to falls view in agro falls
Which of course it's a much different client tell you got a lot of hunting room couples a lot of young
Really good looking people. I mean really really really really well dressed and good looking and beautiful people in agro falls as
Of course they hear you go there and psych all these schmutzy people like and they and people that never been out of the house very much
You know they don't know anything about North American etiquette say like keep running India and standing over you and farting in your face
All of these things it's yeah, you know see at least when you lose in a nice environment
You know makes it makes the losing your ass much more like in Vegas
Yeah, yeah, it's let's pleasant losing your ass in Vegas
You're having to think you're having a great time. They're still losing most of the time
But you have it a fine time and they would never put up with the kind of crap there that goes on at the woodman
I told her that but yeah, but it would but about and thank you so much
Yeah, thank you and up yours get lost bitch. Of course deal somebody else's money W2 a.m. Hello
Wester yes, sir
I just called to say you know, maybe there's a guy that has a sense of humor
he
gave
How did a
A page reverse the street him in a period he had something about
Wait, come back on my pizza. I want to go back on my pizza. I got to go
Oh my god, I don't even love it at the clock yet
Holy moly man. We've had two award winners today. That was pretty good one
I don't know what that was he was a ramblin about his pizza
He was doing a moe imitation he was doing a mo off you heard a rip off. He did a moe off speaking of moe
Let's see how that pole is coming the ugly pull
Forward with 74 votes on her so far. It's not too bad considering the fact that Eric screwed it up
I woke up in the middle of the night
I just had not you know this thing with a computer and all this other stuff and about 3.30 in the morning
I came in here. I thought well as long as I got up to take a little leak
I'm gonna come in and I'll put the new pull on you know
Well, so I came in I did the only problem as you couldn't vote on it and what what time did we find to get that straight out around the
Yes, so I suppose having our usual fantastic head start on the pool we like
I understand Eric these things happen yesterday
He was right on top of a chain that pull real fast today. He's making up for it
Who is the obvious QM personality 419 votes the Humper Hank Goldberg 122 Moe Howard David in 107
That seems to be the battle right there and of course those two you think Mo and I have our issues or Moe and Josh now
See you're associated with this show so automatically or an evil door you do understand that not just with Moe either
There's certain other forces in the building
The beast 57 Joseph Jackie 48 yours truly only 42 Joseph Jackie's got me by six little George 15 who's getting ripped by everybody this week
That's bad everybody Duff Miguel that call us throwing George out of the bus
Lenny Martez 6 Jim Mandit 6 Orlando Elsa Grady 5 Orlando's another one's kind of like Generic look
And you know me just he's just there Gaudi's got five the beat any K3 twice your ad for the pair Curtis Stevenson 2 and big Kim Boca
Versolament de Uno because they're afraid he's gonna beat the crap out of this is Neil Rogers
This is 516
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your blame
Any questions coming up tonight on inside the behind the truly what celebrity music Roger be profile story
First there was band-aid a bunch of lame-ass British people raising money for charity
Well, no bunch of linies are gonna make America look bad
Not when we could up-check something like USA for Africa
No, Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on We Are the World
He speaks here through a translator
Basically nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich broad stars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat cater food
Yeah, the food for USA for Africa was freaking unbelievable Philly Joe would go on to fame as a drunk driver was also there
They had this shrimp wrapped in thank a thing. I don't know what they did do it. Maybe they marinated it in something but man
Boy could take you we lose agree. Oh definitely what I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa
Was the Bavarian Mint strutal
Bruce Springsteen was there as well here he speaks through a translator
Basically we want to show the British that buddy comes to bringing in a bunch of jerk off celebrities together to raise money for charity
USA pick ass
USA for Africa
It was all not getting food to the people who need it and eventually getting it to four people to
It's a big juicy sopping that look at show
And we're selling them records like hotcakes and as soon as that money comes in we're gonna feed your ass
It's a level of three. Let's see. Let's take a look at that schedule today
We got the molemyster my close personal buddy who will not tell us what he's shared with him quite frankly
We don't care more at two mad dog at the four to six thirty at the bank Atlantic Center
Somehow the mad dog at the hockey game. It's just you know, there's like something a little bit missing there
But nevertheless, I'll be at the bank Atlantic Center stop by and bring him a couple of summons
I'll be going to hockey game myself. You're going tonight. I am. I'm a fellow of Panther win tonight
We loved a panther's and let me say it again before I talk about the marlins in a threatening to leave
Let me say it again the only reason that there is still a professional hockey team and I use the term loosely in South Florida
Is because it at one glorious year when all you phony's jumped on the bandwagon
We didn't even know the name of half an appeal. All I know is stew barons and bezer and that was about it
Name me some of the other players from that team Miguel
Yeah, yeah, you have bezer. Yeah, damn you said to guys. I know stew barons. Wait wait. I think I know Billy Lindsay
Wasn't there a Scott melon bee Scott melon be very good the rat man the captain and the rat man, right?
Okay. Oh, I'm done
Marty straca right race shepherd
Yeah, well, we never claimed to be fans in the first place mark. I don't be my wife anymore if it's Patrick bezer's backup
Don't start with that hockey stuff when you got the big game tomorrow night
Let's see cliff. I thought you were full of it when you said Ron and Paul still material
But today did a mock Thanksgiving parade didn't Rick and Suds do that years ago
Did that every year for about a hundred years you bet anyway happy slaughter of the Indians days is cliff and hey mo
Gotta go
slaughter the Indians by ass. This is an honorary the Indians
They had some Indian on one of the talking head channels either they all grumpy and been out of shape about thanks to you
Just cut the crap you turkey. What's wrong with you so tired of
Ornery Indians, you know, just just get with the program and cut the crap
So anyway, what I was starting to say before I asked you a really dumb question because I knew there'd be no answers
Uh, is that that the only reason we still got the team is because of that one glorious year and then that weighing was able to suck the people in the building
That big beautiful police or Indian proud and that's it's they're very very empty and they keep lying about the attendance numbers
Tonight's attendance 16,000 yeah, well you're right. You look around is like big huge chunks of empty seats everywhere
And tomorrow in the devil's game on a midweek night night before Thanksgiving
How many people do you think you're gonna be there tomorrow that you have your own section Josh? That's tonight. Right. What a today's Wednesday
That's right. I don't listen. I'm so mentally disheveled from that thing with his computer yesterday
Even with the other day of the week it is I gave it a wrong no and there it is panther people at 630
That's because you guys interrupted me on a schedule
Devils into panthers at seven eddk after the hockey game
So we actually have the game on QAM. We have no other hurry came stuff to put on so we have to put the panther game on
640 or as 1800 or something like that. You don't have to farm it out
I think four three panther win is in order tonight. I can smell it. I agree
How about Robbie? Need him are you left out too by the way familiar panthers?
Robbie need him are Robbie and how about Eddie Jovenoski was he there then or was that before his time?
I don't know
I've been before Eddie's time. Eddie Eddie. I think he wasn't there yet
How about Joe Serella? He was probably retired by them. We can only hope he was kind of vanilla that Joe Serella just like Jose
Padilla I and what is that? See it's always a bad idea when you have people pronounce change the way you pronounce you and look what happened to
Terello and see the decided is gonna be tarot and now his futures and peril this is supposed to be something about that today
We read a Karen no and who else and then we got Jose Padilla who was like
You know at least he was in limbo. There were no charges. Yeah Patrick for 10
Patrick Sir Tan who was certainly a turned the south in terms of word he wind up
He where does he play? Yeah Kansas City Kansas City see what I'm saying. Although he probably gets to see Trent Green shower naked
That's not too bad
Now get back to to the marlins. Well you're not gonna Trent Green now
Are you not gonna Trent Green? He's gonna say he quarterback. Who'd you rather have?
Go forget about how he looks. I'll go right or Trent Green. Well, that's not a good comparison. Rosa Parks
Or Jose Padilla. Flapy white. Slapy white or nifty Russell
Unable to reach the deal to build a stadium in Miami the marlins have been granted permission to explore relocation outside South Florida Marlins President David Sampson said yesterday
David Sampson little David said
Yeah, big deal. Well, Pacquist Alami sandwich on rye. How do you like that?
While Marlins owner Jeffrey Laurie would prefer to remain in South Florida
Majorly baseball's agreed to allow the team to look elsewhere. Sampson said more threats
Oh god, we're getting so used to this now, you know
I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Okay, leave already. That's like if your mother-in-law is there for like two months
I'm leaving to see a don't answer the origin the S in a way out. See again. Maybe not
It is very clear to us there will not be a baseball statement in Miami Sampson said
Sampson said Laurie will not sell the marlins and will not sign an extensive remaining dolphin stating beyond the
2010 season now you can always you can also see Wayne's fine fingerprint as to because he was gonna make them an offer
That couldn't refuse and he was gonna make such a great deal and of course that didn't happen
We'll discuss that with the Humper on Friday
So give him a chance to make a few more shots at Pac-Mark Wayne poor Wayne
You notice how you stabbed the mightest touch in everything he's got in reverse now everything you touch his turns to crack
And we feel sorry for him and his a billion dollars. Oh, yeah
We will not sign an extension. He said the marlins least would dolphin stating runs through
2007 season he said we need a baseball only for solity
This includes a series of one-year options through
2010 under the teams least with a state marlins receive only percentages of concessions parking and sponsor signage
And when we say concessions we're talking about that really crappy food of the state of it is really bad
Why I don't know it could be good, but it's really bad when you agree with that well no comment from Josh
You got to pay for your food didn't you tell us that I do all season long
I begged I pleaded only one time and that was our buddy Troy from balance for life one time
Troy brought a feast up there for Josh and for Dave Ann boring and for
Roxy and the whole gang you know what he actually I think he did did I think he did do it twice
But if he did did it twice. Yeah, he did never told us about the second time. Yeah, I must have forgot trying to make me feel
No, you try to make me feel bad really. You know lay a guilt trip. Oh, I feel so bad
We're trying so hard to get you guys food. I can't help it if we got a cheap oh audience out there
They always want what have ever happened with the turkeys yesterday speaking of that
They're right. I bet I bet you there were no turkeys left over yesterday if they had 10,000 in my bitch that you were given away
Oh, yeah, that was pretty gentile and generous of the guy from power 96 to say hey you can have your people your sluppers come by too and get a turkey
Thanks, don't yeah thanks a lot fish
Shmendrick the marlins and red yeah, and of course the Josh Beckett is going and my glow is going to Boston and Carl Stilgato is going to the uh
Where did they train me? Yeah, the mess mess. Oh the mess. Oh, thank god. He ain't coming back here
He's owed 48 million dollars over the final three years that he was sound like he's uh on the way to the mess
So the marlins are like doing a house cleaning and they're unloading and they're saying and all the threatening and all this other crap
Bye-bye. That's my feeling about it. See you not that I could cure anyway
Just you know the first couple of seasons I went to a lot of games uh that I really enjoyed not really all that much
Not that much when you're sitting in a
And any kind of a venue would so-called
Soffo the sports fans you can't enjoy it because you basically have three categories of people
You got people who understand the game who are pleasure to be around is about ten of them
And then you got the rest of the people who are just ordinary obnoxious don't understand the game
And are there to make a scene and be loud and and just obnoxious and that's it. Can I wrong about that?
Um, yeah, you're right. You're right. Yeah, I am and like I said the other day
You know if they don't see a good fight break out especially that it often's jet scheme, but any game will do
It's just they just haven't had a good time
There could be some spectacular play on the field which won't be happening this season by the way for the dolphins
Maybe against them, but uh and then they're like
I know what happened, but if there's a fight in the stand
They're all standing and you can't see what they was going on and like all hyperventilating and foaming at them
Out and throwing foaming beer in each other's face. It's that's what they're there for come on. Warrow hits somebody
I just couldn't believe the first year that the marlins were in business and I went to that first game and are people
There are people talking to each other didn't even understand the rules
Well, he's got to go back to first face and tag up before he can run
I'm thinking well, this is baseball. This isn't rocket science. This isn't even part easy
This is baseball little children know the rules of baseball. What are what you be talking about?
It was really
And of course the hockey game forget about it
Like I won game where the Leafs are pummeling the panthers and this knucklehead who sits in a row in front of me at the
Macarena there and the crowd of course a lot of leaf fans was in December so a lot of conucks down there and they're going go leave
Skull go leave Skull and a guy says turns around says I think they're saying go team go go team
And I thought to myself you simple venue idiot you you fair god almighty man unbelievable
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, I believe it all okay good. Well, that's a good pony voice
Give it another try later on see if we can get get you on little longer doubt it. Yes, Neil. I believe w.a.m
Hello, all right
Just as George isn't there doesn't mean you can talk about sports now. I'll send up yeah, okay
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hey up here is pal I'll talk about whatever I want to idea like that including what a jackass you are
This guy's uh he's upset because George turned him down 5 6 7
I look at that it's 12 past the hour already
Oh
Is he made his way to the limit?
Clearly man's up his head for Italy
He's 5 6 8
Enough you bet
Arnold hello, I'm Barbara Billings Lee of the flower of Marlins
I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for a hundred and ten bucks
Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of baseball
Oh, he would well buy me these would you and he would we got some players or cool names this season like Jesus Sanchez
Joe fence the blue bad penny Ricky bones brother Don Cornelius and sister Rose Ryan dumpster Don Knox and Nelson be helper
If you show off well, I guess I will too because if you do then I gotta get um
It's 11 18 if you haven't did I say put this story about Gary glitter on um the website the other day
Uh, I don't know because I read it. It's from the uh brit
Brit times online Gary glitter could face a firing squad
Alive you know something that's gonna make me feel a hell of a lot better. I haven't been forced to hear that crap over and over and over again
That should a one that pulled by minion votes
Most tires and all here we go
Hey
Well, for this is the Panther one
What do you mean by that the panthers have their own version well do they really uh, well
Well, they evidently I don't recognize it because they don't score enough goals through you know for the excitement to generate
Don't be hearing that too much this year. They don't score any goals at a time when the league is like you know
The games are eight to seven and six to five and we got over time and shootouts and all kinds of good stuff
And they finally let guys play without clutching and holding and grabbing and opening up the game so it's exciting
And the panthers go can't still can't score any goals. That's the sad part. Nice to know I can smell it. Oh man
I'm gonna be there. Maybe it's that frog aroma from Marty brodoor. Oh sorry, Marty. That was a bad shot
That was bad. He's good, but he's a frog Gary glitter could face a firing squad
The disgrace star faces death or years in jail if convicted of rape. Uh-oh
He's accused of raping a 12-year-old girl in Vietnam. Remember he said he was just uh doing research remember that?
Yeah, the girl has said of him and having sex with a 61-year-old former glam rock star allegedly for uh five and a half pounds
That's like uh about ten bucks
But police in the Vietnamese resort city of Vung Tao said that it was still considered rape under the Vietnamese law
glitter real name Paul Gad as in e-gad
Was arrested as he tried to leave Vietnam for Bangkok fly a tense on yacht airport in Ho Chi Minh city on Saturday
After police started searching him in connection with the allegations about his relationships with two young teenage girls
Young if he's in prison of former single find Vietnamese yells very different from
Horpio prison in Bristol
Restored two months in 99 from possessing hardcore sick and degrading images of children
He was just doing research Vietnamese yells are notorious for their squalor harsh treatment of prisoners and lack of attention to sanitation
Hygiene and food even if he's not prosecuted in Vietnam
glitter could face charges in Britain if ever we turned under Britain sex tourism laws the sex offenses active 96
A home orifice spokeswoman said that British police could ask for the file on any late sexual offense
That's recognized in the country to be sent to them for consideration
We would always prefer someone is prosecuted in the country where the offense is committed
But if not we have the power to look into what he or she said the country very rarely if ever executes for interest
However, he's this is great
Prisoners in Vietnam are only 12 kilograms
It's 26 and a half pounds of rice or rice substitute each month often reduced to nine kilogram for minor infringements of prison rules
As well as being made to undertake hard labor prisoners are expected to repent their crimes frequently and in writing
Beedies with bamboo canes are common as with the use of stocks and electric shocks
All right the last four unsitism to be put to death was the entire
Slut who held dual Canadian Vietnamese citizenship in 1999 in August of this year eight australian citizen ahead is death penalty commuted to a life sentence
Both convicted on drug smuggling charges and I think you're smuggling you're smuggling and now it will be Joe said you're smuggling
Something like that. Yeah, Joe willie. Hey, by the way speaking of having to willies those ratings are gonna become now
We're not we're not all that concerned. It's only a trend. It's like August September, October, right?
Mondays Saturday, whatever it is
But I'm sure that there are some people in town who are trying to improve a pod in their oh point
Oh, this one is gonna reflect the huge ratings of Sydney Rosenberg is it steening the crants? No, not yet now
Because we're hearing some really obnoxious things about his performance so far
493 votes our goal today is about 500 so maybe fourth Thanksgiving what do you want plus Eric screw this thing up for me
496 who is the obvious QM personality handcord book 147 the molemeister 124 and it's way down after that
Oh look at that
They're all settler there he is again settler rhymes with Hitler the b 65 Joe's a gaki 55 neo-Rodges city George Rodriguez only 19
See the hatred is like poison, but you don't look that bad not that good
Lenny martes seven jim added seven Steve Gellstein seven or land or the big oh has got five because he is really rock solid
I've K4 in the K first rapper's got a pair and Curtis even said a pair of Kim Bocaper still Solomon Teuno
They're intimidated by him and why not you know, he's a great guy
But when you stand next to him and you're talking you're talking to me you're you're looking straight up in a year
You know, I don't care how tall you are could be he could be standing next to and he'd still be looking up at him
He's just a monster in the radio industry. This is giant
Okay, my goal today is to take 4,000 calls in tomorrow's Thanksgiving day in josh and I will be here working our brains out to entertain you
What Thanksgiving no less and then on Friday we come back now Hank and our show I guess is is it?
I know I mad dog also Friday because I see the more moisture is off tomorrow and Friday
So we won't be able to tell us what he's shaving with over the holidays. Damn
I mean extra you heard of extra crispy like a decolon this is extra surly this week. I don't know what it is extra surly to you
No, it's not it's me and Hank and Josh and George and Joe and everybody the world
WQA and hello. Hey, Charlie. Yes, sir
Morning 36 minutes till we all franken show now we already did that before it's boring
And this is I don't think that's the original guy is it maybe the other boring that boring old cocker
WQA and hello Neil God. Yes, sir. You're talking about fans south Florida. It's 37 minutes till the out franken show
Get your clocks straight now. You would go ahead sir
It is fans in south Florida the idiots that are the stadiums
We had one behind us at the YouTube concert with the cell phone in the middle of the song
He's sitting near screened up on the cell phone saying get where I am. Good for them doing
The last favorite is the ones that they at the macarena the hockey games run the cell phone
Talking to somebody in the arena on the other side and they're waving to each other and they're talking and while the game is going on
It's just unbelievable exactly have happy and back to you
Yeah, that one game as long as I live another week or two. I'll never forget this idiot
This real Yahoo is sitting in the room front. I mean not a regular there
He's like a few seats down and he's standing up and he's waving his butt in meantime
The puck is in the pan in the panthers owner is like something life and death to my left there that I want to see it
The game is going on and I can't see it because this idiot standing up and he's like moving around
You know gesticulating and whatever
Flagulating and I said sit down, you know because other people are you on a he looks to me says whoa
Why I said because I want to see the game like oh, you know, you like kind of slump down into a chair like
Just put that why why are you here? Why are you here? I'd say about 80% of the people in the Mickey arena
I've never been in it through him, but if that's what I'm told they go there to be seen by everybody else
And they spend most of their time in the out on the foray and the
Grick and a few pops and then it's a macery to half of the people are in the hallway and of the other half who are inside
They're like about a third of them on a cell phone wanting to be seen by their friends across on the other side
Who also got their tickets for free and by the way boys?
It's not really a good idea when you have people spending big big bucks for season tickets to give away tickets sitting next to them
Because people a lot of people didn't renew their season tickets. They started getting really pissed off because they'd be sitting next to somebody in the lower bowl
And they'd say oh gee, I really enjoyed this game. I got these tickets for a free and for a ten bucks
And they're sitting next to somebody who paid 60 or 70 bucks a pop not too happy about that
Not a way to win friends and influence people and get people to come back much less of course putting a competitive product on you guys
I thought this was gonna be the year. I was dead wrong. Just like I was wrong on Jose Padillo Padea
What you call the you might have ruined the form. Thanks. May I put the I put the
Mush bird on him. That's right. I put the hex on him. No, I absolutely did not
I've been I've been pushing it and promoting it in spite of the fact that I see the way this organization has gone in the crapper
Steadily and slowly and surely and all the great talent that they've unloaded but speaking of great talent
Stop and think about it. Here's here's the latest begothon
They hold a press conference at a time when the marlins are like just they're they're they're they're having like a deforestation
They de-Jeff the four-station
Program just cleaning off the whole team and all but we want to stadium and we're gonna leave
And you can hear the chorus of people all over South Florida hear the response to their threats
Panthers are ready when the hell was the baseball season forget anywhere
nez
is
His way, his way, whose acclaim has gone down in flames.
His way, his way, the shame of the Wayne was paid upon my brain.
I think he's lost it.
The strain of the Wayne may stay inside my veins.
No!
I want to make a prediction that October is going to be screwed up month in the trend.
Just donned on me.
I hope that the month isn't like diluting herself.
Why?
Because it was the Wilma and Katrina month, especially Wilma.
Well, we had coverage.
We had coverage.
No, that's not the point.
There were all those people without power.
And it just changes the whole dynamic of it.
Now, maybe you're right.
Maybe a lot of people were listening.
We took that pool that one day.
And they were like glued to the television on radio and TV.
The people who didn't have power.
And we came into distant turn.
Oh, that's not bad.
Because we're not competing with TV.
We're competing with the other radio.
But nevertheless, we'll see.
We'll see what.
Now, I need a little technical help.
I hate to do this on the air, but I don't want to wait till tomorrow.
Because I'm lazy.
Hey, why not?
Because I got my new computer here.
And you know how like when you're emailing stuff like that, smoking chimp Josh?
Okay.
Where the hell the Josh goes.
He made a quick run.
I'm right here.
Oh, just the way anyway.
Well, that's right.
Miguel is the computer expert.
And you click on, you know, you type in something like an address.
And then it has the memory on it so that you next time you go into the center story,
just click it and instead of like typing this stuff over and over again,
they're saying doing that.
Why is that?
Because you're having this is a new computer.
It's not a memory yet.
I haven't done what?
You haven't like if you're going to send it to Josh, do it once.
And then the next time I have done that, I've already done that.
Don't you think I've done that?
Am I really that stupid?
Well, it's on that stupid.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And it's still not doing it.
It's still not saving the address or mine or his.
Well, there's a way to do that.
But that's a, we got to walk it through a couple of steps.
Uh-oh.
And you don't want to do that on there.
Why not?
It will kill some excellent time.
That will kill everybody.
Is it complicated?
Yeah.
Well, why is that?
Why don't you do it if it's complicated?
It should be like falling out of bed.
Yeah, that's really easy.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
So what's the story?
Is Muff Comer and Innery at its 1134?
Not yet.
Nope.
Nothing so far.
Because I think they could be in for a really big disappointment,
because depending on the eight people who actually said their diaries back,
because let's face it, most people during two weeks of October in South Florida
were like obsessed with like trying to stay alive and get their power back on
and their phone and their cable and their trees off the roof and the roof were coming out.
All these other things, especially for the plunder and loot.
So that might have just had an impact.
I wouldn't imagine they had like a really great return during the month of October.
So let's, we got some of our good friends out there with some white or diaries.
I mean, who listened a lot.
And then of course the people across the street.
Oh, brother.
As bad as they were like in July and August or September, whatever it was every month.
It could be like a death knell for them.
Even when I create Sid Rosenberg's theme on a year now.
Don't forget 26 minutes till Frank and they're like dropping like a rock too.
I just passed that along.
Now what were they doing during all of that?
Do we know?
Probably not.
940?
Yeah.
They were carrying IOD.
Oh, they were simultaneously?
Yeah.
So that was really great.
So in other words, they were just flitting up the goodies there.
Yeah.
All of the dead whole chain was carrying IOD.
All our sheep channel was carrying IOD.
So maybe IOD will go zooming through the roof.
And I'll probably have a GI again.
If you already had a big September, maybe they'll have a humongous October.
Woo!
Won't that be bad?
10 days after the 9-11 attacks, President Bush was advised that US intelligence found no credible connection,
linking the attacks to the regime of Saddam Hussein, or evidence suggesting linkage between Saddam and the Al-Qaeda terrorist network,
according to a now published report.
The report published yesterday in the National Journal, sides government records as well as
President and former officials with knowledge of the issue.
The information in the story written by National Journal contributed Murray Was,
points to an abiding administration concerned for secrecy that extended to keeping information from the Senate Committee charged with investigating the matter.
In one of the journal reports, more compelling disclosures, Saddam has said to have viewed Al-Qaeda as a threat rather than a potential ally.
The president's daily brief, or PDB for September 21, 2001, was prepared if the request of President Bush to journal reported,
was said to be eager to determine whether any linkage between 9-11 attacks on the Iraqi regime existed.
Do you want to remember that Richard Clark book and the Paul O'Neill book, you know, blame it on Iraq, go give me some evidence, make some up,
and a considerable amount of the September 21st PDP found its way the way longer, more detailed CIA assessment of the likelihood of an Al-Qaeda Iraq connection.
The journal's story reports that the assessment was released to Bush, Dick Cheney, the National Security Advisor,
Condoleez Arise, then Secretary of State Colin Powell, and other senior policy makers in the Bush administration.
The Senate and Tubman's Committee is requested from the White House, the detailed CIA assessment,
as well as the September 21st PDB and several other PDBs, as part of the Committee's counseling in Corridor,
whether the Bush administration misrepresented intelligence information in the months before the start of the war with Iraq.
The Bush administration so far has refused to surrender these documents, I just mentioned that in passing.
Now what's coming on the facts machine?
Not nothing is a step. That's what's in here.
Here's the first sheet. Oh, it's a facts.
Yeah, I'm just telling you the facts.
Tools, options, and tab, check the fourth box.
Right.
Oh, well I can sign all that complicated. Is it? I can do that during the next break or not.
Yeah, TV.
Even I could do it.
Hey, listen, I got news for I may be able to disclose a little razor for an old, cute-like maid.
I'm a fairly computer-liberate, okay?
Fairly. That's spectacular, but I know my way around. The block.
Indeed, the journal's story reported, citing congressional sources, the existence of these September 21st PDB
was not disclosed to the intelligence committee until the summer 2004, long after the Iraq attack.
How do you like that?
After September 11th, the administration insisted a connection existed between Iraq and Al-Qaeda.
President Bush in October 2002, speech in Cincinnati, said the U.S. had learned that a racket trained Al-Qaeda members
in bomb-making and poisons and gas, and President Vice President Dick Cheney in September 2003 on Eat the Press.
The legs, there was a relationship between Iraq and Al-Qaeda that stretched back through most of the most of the 90s.
Liars, they ought to be impeached right now. They ought to be imprisoned.
They ought to be with Gary Glitter.
All that glitters is not old. I'll tell you that.
How's those numbers coming? Nothing yet?
They're coming.
Oh, they're coming.
Oh, and I was in a happy face or ugly face.
So you're going to send me the 12 plus first, which means nothing.
Well, that's what I would give it.
No.
But that's a way to warm into it, you know.
But I think you're going to find some real bizarre numbers in October.
It's going to like throw the whole thing a skew.
Can I say that, Joyce?
Oh!
It's going to throw the whole thing out of kilter.
It's going to make it a skew.
Here comes the first page of this crap.
And it's 12 plus, here we go, boys and girls.
I told you we wouldn't do these trends anymore, but I lied.
Because this is fun.
Because I forgot all about this.
How could you forget about something so important?
The only thing I remember is the pate.
Anybody ever eat a pate candy bar?
I love pate.
Really?
What are you eating now?
Look at that.
See that?
My psychic powers again zooming in there.
Of course I am sitting right across from Josh, like that one guy said.
What next to him?
A negative.
I'm sitting right now.
It is last.
That's why he sounds like he's got it.
That's why he can't be your burly speak.
Why do you thought it was?
We're getting our tonies on.
We got a pizza and I got a sub here.
A pizza?
Uh-oh!
Maybe you can mend your fences there, huh?
Maybe you don't have to study your way over to the bullpen today.
Anyway, hot 105.
Now, how much change from the summer book?
646, 5.
Then number one, hot 105, 12 plus for the entire week.
CMQ is the same thing.
No change.
I don't see much change anywhere.
You want to know why?
Because October, they probably, they probably, they probably threw the whole damn thing out.
Power went down a little bit from number six to number seven.
Too bad, Greg.
Radio Mambe.
Oh, there we go again with those old, no speaking English.
Now, they probably were all over the hurricane.
I think I'm at it, huh?
When you think?
Well, they go green to see if they had like run for the hills, just like they did in Cuba.
It's called bookstrip the same.
They're big on that running, running and turning and pointing the finger and shouting.
WSDGM, looking at them, seeing magic.
3, 4 in the summer, 3, 4 in the trend.
12 plus.
Nobody cares about 12 plus.
This is just time consuming.
QAM.
2, 2 in the summer.
2, 5.
Ah, ah!
See, 12 plus is important.
Oh, yeah.
This is a barometer, man.
And look at that cum go up.
I think maybe we'll like benefit from the fact that we had such outstanding coverage,
at least on the show.
I thought we did a fine job.
Everybody on the station, at least those who were talking about important stuff as opposed to ball games.
Yeah, nice job, NBC.
Nice job, us.
W-I-N-Z, 151-7.
What happened to WYOD12 plus did I miss them somewhere in this list?
I'm sure they must be way up there.
I don't see them at all.
They are 14.
We're going to the second page.
Second page.
Oh, yeah.
2 way, 2 way, 3, oh, they went up a little 3.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and what about Waxi?
Even though this is only 12 plus, what, I-N-Z, 151-7, I said that.
Don't forget 20 minutes still franken.
Ah, let's see.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
Oh, boy.
I made a move from a 0.5 to a 0.7.
From number 31 to time for 27.
You are doing it, Joel.
Maybe you're doing it.
You keep plugging away, man.
In one of these days, you'll have maybe even a one share overall at 12 plus.
I doubt it, but it's possible.
Now, what is this?
You said to me, these are all out of order, by the way.
Remember Al Pacino, this whole court's out of order.
You're all out of order.
Remember that?
Al Pacino.
You said Al Pacino.
This often, often, often places out of order.
That's why I was saying that.
You're sending me 7 to midnight.
And by the way, speaking to the Marlins in September, I want to wish their numbers on Joel.
I mean, oh, bro, they had a 2-2.
You see that in September?
Not good.
So, you know, I mean, we've been milking at Cal for a long time, but even else you'd
have bored in Cal find it gets tired after a while.
It's just the Marlins thing comes to you, come sell.
We hope that they stay so Jack keeps his scam going.
You have one.
You've got a couple more years.
Okay.
After that, you'll have George's job.
Let's see if Band-In's is spamming and disappears.
George is kind of got one of these Ace will go up into 100 Biscayne Tower.
You know, you're rightful and start just blowing people away.
He just can't handle that.
That's the plan.
Huh?
That's his plan.
No, I don't say it's his plan.
He just impresses me knowing him as long as I have that one of these days, he's just going to snap.
You know?
18 to noon at QA.
And Pompato Park racing is back in the SimalCasting business after Wilma, featuring only SimalCasting right now.
Of course, but it's good news because racing fans can enjoy watching and plunging their guts out on 18 and more tracks every day starting at noon.
In fact, just a few minutes, 18 minutes till Franken, 18 minutes till Pompato SimalCasting.
Enjoy Harnest Racing, Highlight, Thurbered Racing, from all across the nation, and Intercondition and Smoke-Free Environment.
And best of all, admission and parking are always free at Pompato Park.
Please note that the Broward County Ferris Corridor Way Pompato Park SimalCasting patrons should enter the track at the main gate on Race Track Road that's third-street and then turn left for free parking for SimalCasting.
And live racing is still scheduled to resume on Friday, December 2nd, which is week from Friday, not that far away.
So mark that on your counter, mark it on your wrist.
Pompato Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 954-972-2000 for more information.
Visit their website at PompatoPark.com.
SimalCasting is back. It starts at noon today and every day at Pompato Park.
This is Meal Rogers. This is 5.60 QA.
Thank you, baby.
I'm hard at living in the middle of this.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I was just joking.
I was just joking.
I was just joking.
I was just joking.
I was just joking.
I was just joking.
You said that to me.
You said that to me.
You say that to me.
You said that to me.
Talking about a baby of our baby in there.
Said that,lair.
You said that, attitude is exceptional.
Still care about who it is.
I don't know how my son is, and your son is here.
Ow, my son.
Omni.
Oh,起來.
I have no two or five fifty happy turkey to you don't eat too much now because a lot of people die after Thanksgiving
Day they go off in a corner
They just sit there with a big smile on their foot and they die
Anyway Miguel your information died you were doing real well so you got to the third part send cat
I have no idea what that is on the top see how there's different paths signature
How about you pardon? Well done on the meal. There's not one that says send yes, there is no there's not
It's a general spelling read security received. I said again. There's general. There's security
There's privacy. There's content. There's connections. There's programs. There's advanced. There is no send
We apologize for doing this on the air post, but after the ratings that ought to be an improvement. What is it?
Adventer. I'm looking at one that says send well. There's no there's no send
They're probably in some old computer from male and subusky's urine from a hundred years ago. You're a computer that's over here
Yeah, like I said old
Advanced and then there's all these things that you can check like I need to find one the one that says
Automatically complete email addresses when composing what it doesn't say that
That's the way it's done
So keep searching until you find that one
Well, I'll be there. Okay. Well, I'll keep searching. Okay during the next break
I don't want to do this on the audience's valuable time because we obviously can't afford any left downs now after that week
October so what was the avertic what a dust state coming with some monthly with the sour look on his face like ah you guys suck
He blinked it all on you. Yeah, we had a five one in October I scrapped later. It wasn't that bad
It wasn't like the end of the world and again. Well, what was the dates of Wilma? Well, maybe Wilma was like even in November
I don't know
What was the date for Wilma happy 20 second? I was I'm thinking I'm thinking that Wilma's not even reflected in October
I think Wilma's gonna be in November
I think we got some big problems baby all though we could benefit from Wilma who now knows I don't know for your Katrina
In there you have Katrina. Well, what did Katrina? How many people lost their power during Katrina?
30 man. How do we deal we'll see look? Let's let's just make up a whole lot of excuses five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 neighborized in singular wireless line
All I know is that tomorrow's Thanksgiving Friday is payday keep the checks coming. It's all we care about
Especially a Josh McGill they got those big big paychecks coming
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, Neil PC stock buying Apple
Okay, I'm buying Apple I had a nice a nice Macintosh is good to not computer. I'm talking about an apple
You know the ones you buy in the supermarket right nice red delicious is my favorite
What is this man talking about all you got to do is get it set up one time and everything is just fine
This guy such a assistant is simple to you like your apples grade. Okay, you're a big Mac
Hope you choke on it WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, what's going on? I'm a B.5. I'm not Turkey this year, but I usually be five tickets
I need some good. Okay, great WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, Wilma that bitch she hit on October 24th
Okay, thank you so much October 24th you said that was close. So that certainly does not include any of this stuff because this
Now no way so that means the Wilma fact of that that that's why this wasn't a screw this up as I thought it was gonna be
So the bottom line is we didn't have that creative in October now waxy on the other hand there really oh doing it. Oh
Not so much Joe. Here's the facts that says
I'm a 36 year old Helio and use disposable. How do you like that? I tried all the others including now
Wait a minute. What is it? I want to check enable what I mean complete email addresses when compote complete email
Okay, I don't think I didn't think I saw that on there, but nevertheless I'll find it. Well this is crucial past
I tried all the others including electric shavers. They're all the same crap
I switched to disposable just a few years ago. I was top-eyed my father's shape with a regular razor
I don't know if you remember the ones where you turn the bottom of the shaver at the top opens up
Of course those are the old-fashioned ones and that's where you slip it and you blade to blade
Then you get a new blade drop it in from the top that is correct. That's older than the thoo's lot
Then you turn the bottom and the yadi-adi it says they don't make those anymore now. So I use disposable
I'm sure I hope you're not using those no more those are bad those are ones you slice ribbons out of your cheeks with
Says yes, I use a lufa and body wash them still as much of a man as before if anyone doubts it
Say in front of my six four three hundred eighty pounds. So three hundred and eighty pounds
Great shows his time. He lose an answer to Tom. Don't eat tomorrow. Thanksgiving
Yeah, that might be the guy I'm talking about. It's gonna die PS marlins. I'll pack you a balloony sandwich for their trip
Obviously. Yeah, a lot of people feel that way. You know people get tired of you
But we want we want we want and like I said the dismantling of the team at a time when they're begging now for new statement
String that that's just didn't make any sense to me
We do think they put forward their last gas desperate, you know attempt and then say okay
Well, we're gonna we'll put up the money for one more year of losses and you know if we can get a commitment in
Broward or anywhere, you know on the moon on Uranus
Some place but no it is madly and sending everybody away and they're gonna expect and then they'll be complain
Oh look at the bad attendance XC's nobody's gonna show up. You know, we're gonna have to get out of here
Just the very side keep beating the public over the head WQA and hello
Hey, no, yes sir. I can't wait for Pompano to open
December 2
Excellent table one two five and okay great good luck here
Idiot five six seven oh five six you that's sound like mr. G to me. I won't be there by the way pound five sixty
And the Verizon singular wireless lines 70 Q.A. M. Hello. No, you guys
I'm yelling man. I'm
30 Q.A. M. Hello
The lifeguard like a like a felon or no, and I was at the faggot lifeguard on the phone
Or that British air with a phony Brit accent. We still hate your pal get lost five six seven oh five sixty
Pomp see the calls after the ratings are a little bit they're a little bit slipped off just like we did
What's lunchtime? Huh?
Well, so what's the shoes for that that means that's a real hot shot stuff
They they got time to pick up the phone and get their four seconds of fame
WQ a.m. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Wow. Hi nice talk with you
Listen, I wouldn't normally talk about a sport except you just mentioned the my own
You get to say them such a great idea. How come these guys make an eight and 12 million dollars a year?
Don't get together on the team and guarantee the law
Right
Yeah, that was good day. Okay, you must be already starting on the
I'm the howling booths for tomorrow. Good luck to palying
Yeah, the players are put up their money. Yeah, the players are building the stadium there you go
That's a novel idea man. I like it. I like it like that. Let the players do it
I'm gonna do this Internet thing if it's the last damn thing I do
No, I just want to get it done
I don't want to have to do because in the beginning when I started sending air quality stupid stories
When we started this stuff on a website
I would have to go back to every single one and type in a hole my address and his address and
All this other crap and 16 Hebrew prayers and enough with that automatically check for Internet the updates. No
No
Enable initial on demand Internet Explorer no install on demand no
Enable personalized favorites menu no
Force off screen composing no, I don't think it's on here. You're gonna be expressed right?
Remember you put your mailing system there. I'll look expressed. Is that what you're using out? Look this
Print back. I can't find I'll do it after the show. This is outrageous
I thought it was something I could do a quick but a beep but a boot put like that. It should be that easy. Yes
Well, it's not it's not I'd like to hear I say if I had an apple here
I'd probably eat it probably have a worm in it the way things are going five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty me for rising in singular wireless line. How about that moan the mad dog baby?
Oh man, he must have thrown in a huge three to four hour in there. Although we probably didn't throw in a huge two to three
That's probably just a spider. He saved a good stuff for three to four. How many Q a.m. Hello?
Q a.m.
I stand major clean and firm
How many Q a.m. Hello? I think the joy. Please. Yeah
George speaking. Oh, who's it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh God. I'll pay anything just pay anything. Yeah, please
Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Yes, Neil. Yes, good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir.
You listen you was talking about that flavor way. What exactly does that be? Is it like a microwave? No, it's like an oven.
Oh, like okay. You can grill you can cook you can baste you can taste you can do whatever you want with it.
Where are they available in Miami? Do you know?
Don't forget about Miami. Go just go on your computer. You've got a computer of course, sir. Yes. Yes. Go online
Flavor wave the luck seven. It'll be the best investment you ever made. You can actually cook your turkey in there. It's too late now.
Hop right on it pal. You love it. Thank you. We don't have one. No, because it has nothing to do with Cuba.
567.560. I bet you can't say we're like this thing is not really working all out well now. This
Disconnected little bot technical problems here last two days. Yeah, all of a sudden we come technically in that
I don't know what that's all about. What do you mean? I'm having a lot of technical problems, mister. Are you denying that? No, I'm not. Okay.
WDQ AM. Hello. Well, a computer has died. Okay. I mean they don't last forever. It's like it seemed to me that you said that before the show
They they don't last forever. Now what you said. That's true. Just like jobs with the Marlins. They don't last forever.
WDQ AM. Hello. Neil God. How are you? Yes, sir. How's it going, Polly? I'm pretty good.
Listen, uh, whatever understand is why did you say it's a tremendous portation? They can say you don't know what it is to the
Stars community. They take things all over. They don't support it. They never have. And I don't know why they they always bring the same little
Fala over and over. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to really tired. Yeah. Yeah. I think I don't know what the Godfather. This one one part of it. I really like that you never played coach of it.
So when Michael is asking, uh, I'm in a room. Uh, give me one of the children and I'm very, very good. Yeah. I didn't I didn't ask any
questions. I didn't get upset. Yeah. I guess what I mean, I think you said, well, let me tell you something. My
friend. Oh, no, that was my buddy, Jack Waltsk. Who looks just like that smelly guy who was sitting next to me and at the
Must be old suit of Woodbine. 1213 at 560 WDQ AM. Rich room filling sound from your iPod. It's the power of the
Bose sound, digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod. The light even charges your iPod while it plays.
Sound invasion says your bond to love what you hear. That's because only proprietary Bose technology. Let's you get the most from the
Music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod iPod mini iPod Nano and iPod with video. It's sleek appearance
starlessly blends with your iPod and almost any room day core. It's easy to use. Even comes with a remote that controls the
Sound doc system and basic functions of your iPod from across the room. So let the room filling sound of the Bose sound
Doc digital music system deliver a great new iPod experience for you and insert iPod and hear what happens. A great
Holiday gift idea. Experience the sound doc today at Apple Best Buy circuit city, CompUSA,
Sharper image, Target or tweeter. Nothing could be neither then to find one at your tweeter.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QA.
A bitch. At Kentucky Flight Chicken we want you to know that all of our poultry has been tested in the world's
latest lab. It's absolutely avian bird flu 3. And to help ease your mind every piece of chicken will be
Stand with this picture of a little bird lying on its back. It speaks to stick it straight up in the air
Surrounded by a circle for the science through it. This tells you that the meal you get at KFC is absolutely avian bird flu 3.
Plus for the next several weeks at every KFC we'll have medical personnel standing behind and in the event someone
Kills over in front of their bucket of chicken.
We'll be able to check them right then and there.
I don't worry about it. It wasn't the first flu to get your fellow with all over in the years.
The green is a flu. The clock is auto reason gave him a hard attack. So no worries.
He knows at KFC we do cholesterol right.
From 19 to QA I'm going to get off that computer thing. It's driving me nuts. I just thought I had it and I didn't.
You lost it?
Angelina Jolie gets Cambodian passports speaking to people getting their passports in the email.
Wow. Holly would start Angelina Jolie as received. I thought she was still in the basement in Cambodia.
Is that where she's hanging out? She received a Cambodian passport after being made a citizen of the
impoverished Southeast Asian country and associate said yesterday.
The Hollywood star can use it when she visits the native land of her adopted son Maddox.
Since Steven Wagner executive director of the Maddox Jolie project in Cambodia.
Maddox. The project managed by the San Francisco-based Wild Aid promotes wildlife conservation
and community development in a former Camarero Rouge guerrilla stronghold in Northwestern Cambodia.
Wagner said the actress was ecstatic and thrilled last month when he handed it to the passport
an official copy of Royal Degree giving her Cambodian citizenship and an ounce of Paul Pot.
Maddox was there and she showed him the passport he said it gives her a closer link a stronger bond
through a liaisonated 1.5 million bucks for the project the past year.
And that's what let's get her out of the basement and see if she's still or this is going to see
you did before. Probably will. 5.6705.60.560. Tomorrow's going to be a real treat man.
Just plan all that. In fact, tomorrow I can do it with this computer while I'm playing all the bits
instead of having to worry about these pain in the ass calls.
Yeah, and we actually have a new pizza thief in the building.
Oh really? You're bad. A new pizza thief.
Let me take this call. QAAM hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Yeah, this is Daniel Zary. I'm just saying that, you know, it hurts with the Marlins if they leave, you know.
I'm a parent. I have two daughters and it's a ritual for us to go for the Marlin Games.
These are the golden holders and the Martins have been here.
And it's a shame. It's really a shame the way things have turned out.
My daughters are going to miss the Marlins when I told them basically my younger one set a client.
It's a bad situation, but you know what? We'll just have to put up with it.
Light will go on. We'll survive. We'll survive.
But you know, I've wanted to wish them well and that's it. No hard feelings.
That's right. Back to the sandwich. Wish them all well and come goodbye. Bye bye.
Well, I was cute. Now we got a new pizza thief.
Yeah, that would be the hammer. The hammer just came in.
Rip the load. Now the hopper should not be no pizza, okay?
Now I don't plan him for this. I blame whoever was standing by and allowed this to take place.
Pepperoni and ham for him. Oh my god.
And he must be practicing for tomorrow, okay?
Yeah, he must be he must be in training for Thanksgiving Day Gourging.
Oh boy. I thought I was going to talk to him on Friday morning, but I have a feeling
that ain't going to happen no more. That's bad.
So in other words, he came into the studio and and and and and feed a slicer too.
That don't get me wrong. I offered it to him, but you know,
see, that's bad. Changing his story.
Food pusher. Food pusher. Bad news.
He probably knows better than to be offered pizza.
What guy? It's like a breath away from.
He walked in looking for pizza. I just showed him what the box was.
Yeah. I heard when Duff walked in, he was looking for it too.
630 votes on the pool. Who's the ugliest humor?
It's a good thing we didn't ask who's the fattest good god,
Humper. Enough with the pizza already. We're gonna please save a little for your buddy.
Don't don't don't throw a little something special on it.
Who's the ugliest QN personality? The Humper 100 that was before the pizza,
even 199. Moe Howard David in 159. Most starting to fall back a bit.
The B73, Joseph Gackie 73.
Yours truly only 59. I think I deserve better than that.
Yours Rodriguez 25 or Lando 8.
That's Orlando Alza query.
Mad Dog 8. Lanymark 107.
80k7. Steve Goldstein.
Geldy. Geldstein 7.
Fresh Radford 2. Curtis Stevenson 2.
Kimbo Kepur 1. I think the reason I was last being changed is because nobody knows who they look like.
Well a lot of people remember Troy's performance with the dolphins.
That was pretty ugly.
Okay. The year number 23, man.
He was really something.
When he made one no mark Higgs, he was no Delvin Williams.
No Sammy Smith.
He was no Sammy Smith. He was no who's the other cofes Norton guy that had for about a week.
From Denver. Where's that guy? Humphries. Bobby Humphries.
Oh god.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Happy Thanksgiving.
And back to you.
Did you see the video that Amy Van Jellicle minister getting his lights punched out?
No, I did not see that.
It was on the donation of this morning.
He was laying his hand right.
And then he just got sucker punched right in the eye.
What was it about?
I don't know. They didn't say they didn't elaborate too much.
I had to go to work, but he just was like I said,
laying his hands on him and he got sucker punched right in the eye.
He was laying his hands.
Well, that's what happens, man.
Like a lot of these priests. That's what ought to start happening.
All your kids out there to priest lays his hands on you and punch him right in the push.
Exactly. Have that a request.
Okay. Walking around in women's underwear.
Oh, we haven't played that in a long, long time.
You know what? For the holidays, right?
Yes, sir. Thank you, Neil.
Have a great day, Pellie.
Walker, Texas Ranger. I bet you that said of the ex-miss stuff.
Don't you think?
I would thank you.
I would thank you.
And of course, there's a lot of good stuff in here.
We can't play no more, but then there's always this one.
Oh!
You, you fairly lazy things.
The light is missing.
In the snow, the permission.
I'm wearing her clothes.
First self-panding clothes.
Walking around in women's underwear.
In the snow, there's a tiny,
but little stress.
The light's ringing.
It holds me so tight,
I can't cause that night.
Walking around in women's underwear.
In the office, there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am a peeper.
Is he all you may say?
Whoa, man.
Let's wait until the white is out of town.
One major honor in the water.
We can dress like my daughter.
But I'm so high-shame.
I joined the parade.
Walking around in women's underwear.
Like this.
In the snow, there's a guy named Melvin.
In the snow,
wearing her clothes.
Self-panding clothes.
Walking around in women's underwear.
Walking around in women's underwear.
You fairly.
26 past no men can smell in the air
and they're first starting on Friday.
People are going to be running.
Did anybody get their Xbox, by the way?
No, no, I'm going to wait.
Why see?
Well, being an old fart like I am, I went on God X-Lax.
And of course, you young guys got to get the Xbox.
That thing's sold out fast and you can say,
Rumpel Stiltskin manages like in a heartbeat.
Yes.
In fact, when I went to get my computer last night,
they had a big sign in the store.
It said, Xbox sold out.
When it's sold out, don't bug us for a way.
I just tried another maneuver there on my computer for that thing.
I don't think it's going to work.
But this would be a project I knew for weeks and months to come.
Wouldn't you think that that would be something
that would be automatic or not?
No, it's those are options.
You have.
I see.
You might not want that option.
Well, I do want it.
26 past noon at 560 WDQM, we got the Moe Meister,
the original pizza thief, don't accept any imitations.
Moe Howard David did it too.
And then we got Mad Dog from the bank of Atlanta Center,
who had a big trend there.
And I was going there, Mad Dog from 460, at least I think he did.
Did no muttlies, no nothing from Duffer Clarence.
They didn't come in like a nothing, just thing.
Like that?
Yeah, they even say that again.
Panthers peep with 630.
The devil's in the panthers.
Stop by and say how to judge quarters and tell them
you hope the Marlon's stay in time because you don't want
to lose that job.
That's right.
The devil's had to pan through 7 o'clock tonight at the Macarena
and with some incredibly overpriced food.
And then any K after the hockey game.
Yeah, the spire reports I'm getting is that it's bad
as the prices of food at the Macarena used to be,
that they've like just about,
it's going to just come through the roof.
Really?
Oh, yeah, that's what I'm being told now.
You have to pay for the food you eat in there, right?
Of course, yeah.
Or are you getting fed?
Well, how can we not get fed in there for Christ's Day?
So you ought to go up to the QA and Box.
What did that mean?
I'm still going to have to pay for food.
Why?
Why is that?
When I would be handed off in games, man,
Phil Carson had that eye that I would be a dolphin box man
catered in there.
We'd go in like two hours before the game and just
pick out and just mind your mind,
your man.
What's wrong with his joint?
You mean to say they don't cater to the box?
Well, I mean, I got my little press box, credential.
I don't know if we have, I'm sure we do.
I don't know where it is.
You better go see Ray Perry and beat him around the head
and shoulders and tell him, hey, listen, you old toad.
Get with it.
Okay, get with the program.
They'd have to fill all those kind of big bucks that you're making.
Ray, the least you can do is feed the troops in or in that box.
All these poor underlings.
By the way, who will tell me yesterday about all the big
bucks that Ray Perry is making?
Just a shameful amount that easy and can out of that place.
What?
You knew you'd see that video.
Yeah, the preacher getting...
Now where is it?
Why don't I know which server you're using it for?
Are you on Yahoo, Hotmail or what?
I can be on anyone you want.
Well, it's, I sent one to your Yahoo.
I see you mean for my email.
Uh-huh.
I'm using them both.
Oh, in other words, I can see that during the break.
So, uh-huh.
It's been a most of my time on a computer during the break.
The rest of it were just to fill in, you know,
because the religious holidays, it's to fill in.
28 past noon at QAM.
Hey, shopping for shoes, man, is not brain surgery.
It's easy to find the best combination.
Comfort, fit, value.
They're all waiting for you at Brandy Shoes and Poppano Beach.
So for your favorite style and your size, of course,
you'll find it at Brandy's.
All the top name brands you love like Rockport's.
Floreshaim, Echo, Mephisto, new balance, SAS, and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters,
like I said, I'll make sure you've got a customized fit
of your favorite comfort shoe.
Every time this has for Arnie, he'll straighten your ass out.
And if Brandy's got whatever style you pick up
because they have such a humongous selection,
you can just about bet Ray Perry's life on it.
That it's in your style size on a shelf ready to slap on your feet
as fat as they might be because Brandy's even specialized
in wide widths as well.
If you have a wide one, take it to Brandy's.
Brandy's worth the trip from just about anywhere
in South Florida for comfort style, fit, value, and selection.
Think Brandy's shoes at 12.90,
North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach,
open daily Monday through Saturday till 9.
Every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy
SAS Floreshot, New Balance and Rock Ports at Brandy's.
Come at this week for special sensational savings
or do your shoe shopping right on their prestigious website
at Brandy's shoes.com.
Do whatever steps you want if you have cleared them
with the pontiff, everybody say it's on Keri,
ALA is on to an Atlantic and ride.
Yep, in line in that processional step into
that small confessional, there were guys
who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original.
If it is, try playing it safer, take the wine and show the wafer,
two or four, six, eight,
and climb to Transubstantia.
Oh, get down on your knees,
fiddle with your rosaries,
bow your head with great prospect and
shake your flag, shake your flag, shake your flag,
take a cross on your abdomen,
when in Rome, do like a Roman, our Bain Maria.
She is good to see you.
Get in the panic and start your mind,
I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it.
Not that quick, just kidding.
The hospital was doing this piece of that you forced upon him.
Was he eating the crust as well or just the topping?
I don't know, he walked out.
He was eating the crust.
Well, we're gonna be responsible,
you will be held responsible,
you're gonna burn in hell for this, Mr.
Not me.
Speaking of burning in hell,
and in fact, Hank is starting to pull away from
Mo now in a poll since he ate that pizza.
This is a beautiful thing that McGill emailed me
and we need to get to send our website ProntoTonto.
This needs to be on immediately if not sooner.
And while you're sitting there filling your fat face with the food,
thanks again to Brad over there Tony's man,
he takes great care of us.
Yeah, he's right.
No pain, no strain, no complications, no BS,
doesn't come in there, shmuzin around,
this ends over the great food.
Thanks Tony.
And Brad, whatever your name is.
And we're gonna get this on our website,
people will love this.
Is that it?
Is that it?
Yeah, I said it to him,
send it over to him,
just to keep it through the window.
A well known Oklahoma pastor was a taxon,
they were giving the altar call to this church,
the altar call.
Pastor Billy Joe Daurity,
oh I love that Billy Joe Daurity,
a victory Christian center in Tulsa was almost knocked out,
when 50-year-old Stephen Rogers,
while for a long time when people were joining the church,
Stephen Rogers probably a long-awesome.
Oh god!
As the music played without warning,
the man punched Daurity in the face
before he could land in knockout blow, he was yanked away
with blood pouring down his face,
Daurity kept on preaching and forgiving.
Rogers was hauled off the jail after Daurity
hitting two more people including a security guard.
He passed and now has a black eye,
and stitches three days after the altercation that was caught on tape.
No one knows where Rogers attacked over it.
Each church representative say Rogers was bussed to the service
from a local mission.
After his arrest they found out there was a warrant for his arrest
for violating a protective order.
I would say they violent guy and said like,
save in his soul and bring him closer to the Lord.
They preach it and just stood there and let him get punched in the post.
That's bad.
He turned the cheek.
He turned the other cheek,
while that's what I heard.
So what Duff said,
that's his favorite pastime,
is turning the other cheek.
Can we do it on the pole?
The Humphreys pulled away since you let that cat out of the bag
about the pizza out of the box.
The ugliest QA in person out,
you realize if it wouldn't have been for our late start with a pole stuff today,
we'd still have a shot of the 1000 again
and keep in our record intact for the week.
We got no shot now, no shot.
Thanks Eric for making it a very sad,
when you think Eric would have given me the information
about how to do this thing with my memory.
And especially since I'm sending this stuff to him,
even though Josh is the one I get it.
With which email are you trying to do it with?
Like I think you're Yahoo or Hotmail,
which one in particular?
It's not either one in particular.
It's like on that website,
smirkingchimp.com,
you know, just to use that one as an example.
But it's true with any of them.
You don't understand with any of them.
It shouldn't be one or the other.
It should be, it should be,
it should be sending it from a particular email address.
No.
Yes.
Okay, Hotmail, how's that?
Okay, well give me a second.
I'll find out.
You'll find out what.
Let me go to Hotmail and see what I can do.
Okay, so you want to do?
You want to tell them?
Now he's starting it all surly.
See, this is the way this is.
This is the way it works with this guy.
Put down his real low key,
Mr. Mellow, Mr. Swab, you know,
Mr. Masculinity.
And many like question,
you're starting to sound a little bit like the nature thief now.
I'm surprised that you and Joshua
like even coexisting at this point.
Vatican, the reason I played that bit,
which I'm getting, you know,
sidetracked by all these other things going on.
Vatican reiterates stance against homosexuals
in the priesthood.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
The Vatican is tough on getting its stance against
gay candidates for the priesthood,
specifying in a new document
that even men with transitory
homosexual tendencies like Miguel
must overcome their urges for at least three years
before entering the clergy.
Transitory tendencies.
A long-awaited instruction
due to be released next week was posted yesterday
on the internet by the Italian Catlick news agency,
Adista.
A local official, a church official
is read that document confirms its authenticity
as its name not be used because the piece
hasn't been published by the Vatican.
He'd like to stay alive.
He doesn't want to turn out like the Vatican banker.
Conservative Roman Catholics
who've decried the gay subculture in seminaries
were likely applauded the policy
because it clarifies what the Vatican
expects the seminarians
and their administrators.
And I applauded because if there's no gay priest anymore,
that means there's no Catholic church.
Critics of the policy warned
that if enforced,
it likely result in seminarians lying
about their orientation
and will decrease their already
dwindling number of priests in the USA.
Estimates of the percentage of gays
in the US seminaries in the priesthood range
from 25 to 50 percent.
Oh yeah.
According to research done by the Reverend Donald Cousins,
I wonder if he's one of them kissing Cousins
author of the changing faith of the priesthood.
And of course that flies in the face
of our expert from Halea who's been telling us
for years that
there's no fact in the church.
Right.
The document from the Vatican's
congregation for Catholic education
says the church deeply respects homosexuals
a lot, especially that swish guard.
But it also says it cannot admit to the seminary
in the sacred order
is those who practice homosexuality
present deeply rooted homosexual tendencies
or support, support so-called gay culture.
Those people find themselves in fact
in a situation that presents a grave obstacle
to a correct relationship with men and women.
One cannot ignore the negative consequences
that can stem from the ordination of people
with deeply rooted homosexual tendencies.
He didn't say how deeply though.
I remember that song we played by the VGZ of the day
how deep is your love.
Right.
Are you eating again?
No.
That's your sound.
It's like you had a mouthful, man.
I'm done, man.
I ate it.
So yeah, I bet you are.
So how are we coming with that hot mail, man?
I'm looking.
Yeah, you sure are.
It has nothing to do with hot mail or yahua or email
or H-mail or it's going to do with that.
It has to do with memorizing all of these things.
Don't you understand?
All of these things.
With keeping that in the memory.
But you just don't get it.
I get it.
If and can I continue with this fact story?
If instead it's a case of homosexual tendencies
that are merely the expression of a transitory problem.
For example, it's in the case of an unfinished adolescence.
Well, that must be what all those old pre-dentions
be, what Father Gagan was.
Just unfinished adolescence.
They must, however, have been clearly overcome
for at least three years before ordination as a deacon.
For many gay rights activists, the Vatican's distinction
between deep rooted and transitory homosexualities
without basis.
For decades now, the scientific and medical community
have said that sexual orientation is an immutable trait.
What some of us might call a gift from God.
They'll God.
Said Harry Knox, director of the Religion and Faith Program
with the Washington-Based Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
A fag group.
This new policy causes candidates for the priest
to be deceptive.
The match should not be what the church would be about, he said.
Vatican prohibitions on sexual activities
becoming priest are not new.
A 1961 document said,
Homo should be barred from the priesthood,
but the issue came to the fore in 2002 with the idea
of a clergy sexual abuse.
And that's because they can't separate pitophiles
from the Homoes, and they don't want to either.
Anybody with a brain, anybody who's honest
can look at it from the outside knows
all about what the Catholic church really is.
That's a gay club you wore on.
Here you go.
In the case.
Let's get alcohol stain on the phone one of these days
soon, see if he can lose the license
or at least get a suit again.
What do you say?
Come on out, you can do it.
18 to 1 at 560, and Miguel is pouring over his
internet to try to like come up with a solution
for this very, and it's not like a major problem,
but it's a way to do it.
It's a convenient problem.
And you think that Josh there would know how to do it,
so they don't have to have to be bright
in these damage dresses.
Of course, he's glad about that,
because he figures if I have to do that,
I'll send him a lot less stories,
he's going to take more time.
Yeah, just keep trying.
No, guess what?
So you've got it backward,
because it puts me in a really sour mood
when I have to do all that.
So I just keep banging them out,
and I would be surprised for Thanksgiving
they've got a lot of about 700 stories on here.
No, it's just a few, just 400 or 500.
1242, and I'm sure there'll be a big
readership for that on Thanksgiving Day anyway, won't they?
I'm sure.
Hey, for years, I've been telling you my
drug concepts and that I've used them in my homes
for over 20 long, amazing years,
and a variety of homes to clean my carpets
and my upholstery, all of these things
to make everything look like brand new.
And they do it.
It's a miracle the job that they do for you.
There's the best carpet cleaning company in the universe
that they also can save you hundreds,
even the thousands of dollars by doing other things for you.
Did you know that one of the best things
you can do for extended life and beauty
of your Oriental rug or area rug
is to use a quality underlayment or panting.
Proper underlayment provides critical cushioning
and prevents skidding on hard floors.
During the month of November,
drug concepts has a spectacular offer on all
ultimate panting for your Oriental or area rugs.
Either in your home or office,
drug concepts is the only company you need
when it's time to clean those carpets
ofholstery even your leather furniture.
The difference is they're state-of-the-art
drag cleaning system not only deep cleans,
but leaves your carpets drying just two hours
and looking just like brand spank and new.
So have your home clean for the holiday season
by calling drug concepts today
and don't forget, no scams, no ripoffs,
or written guaranteed price upfront
before they start doing their spectacular job.
Indeed, Rowan and the Palm Beach is called
Drag Concepts Tool Free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the Wicked Web.
It's dryconcepts.com.
This is Meal Rudders.
This is 560-28...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
This is a...
Morning, Americans, it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
A man was scheduled to go before a firing squad
for his crimes.
Evening before his execution,
he was asked what he wanted for his last meal.
He refused the meal completely.
The next morning, the man was brought
before the firing squad when asked
for his last request.
The man said he had none.
The general in charge of his execution asked him,
sir, you have refused your last meal
and your last request.
Is there anything you want before you die?
The man thought for a moment and then said music
has always been an important part of my life.
I could do one thing before I die.
Would you please allow me to sing my favorite song
from beginning to end without interruption?
The general thought for a moment
and then decided it was a reasonable request
and ordered his men to lower their weapons
and not to interrupt for the duration of the song
and the man started 10 million bottles
of beer on the wall.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
Come in, it's till 1 at 560 W.
And boy, this thing is flying along like grease lightning.
Now, let's see a response on my question, Ermigia.
I got nothing for you.
I don't know how you...
I don't know how you used to do it.
Somebody because I think it was Erif.
Somebody told me I'm a previous computer, how to do it.
And you click it in one and it saves...
No matter what it is that you go to,
it saves the effort to have it right in again.
Everything that you email.
You just click it in one.
You know what I do with the Hotmail, it doesn't work.
What I would presume would be the easiest
is to click the two buttons.
Click the one.
Where it says two and then that right there.
Like if you go to a composer new message.
What are you talking about?
No, don't start.
Okay, the audience is...
They're taking a radio and heeding them in the toilet right now.
I've got any idea what you're talking about.
Oh well.
This has got nothing to do with composed.
This has to do with like emailing a story.
Don't you understand emailing a story?
Right.
And when you email a story.
To somebody.
Right.
Not to button.
And it takes you to your list of context.
No, okay.
Whatever you're saying.
Tampa teacher avoids prison and pleadia
for having sex with 14 year old boy.
A female teacher pleaded guilty yesterday
to having sex with a 14 year old student
avoiding prison as part of a plead agreement.
Debra Lafeve 25,
who looks pretty decent as matter,
effectively in this picture,
whose sensational case made tabloid headlines.
We'll serve three years of house arrest
and seven years probation.
She pleaded guilty to two counts of ludonous
severe's battery.
I didn't know she used batteries.
Maybe she knows Sally.
Maybe she knows Josh.
With the nitro.
Everything he from his razor to his
hemorrhoid...
Speaking of the toilet.
Everything he uses has got to be vibrating.
He looks like he feels much better now.
The former Greco middle school reading teacher
apologized during hearing saying,
I've said, poor responsibility for my actions.
And she also said,
oh God, that was good.
Nice hearing said.
Now, but she did.
I've meant the kids had that too.
I'm sure he did, yeah.
The boy told investigators the two had sex
in a classroom at the Greco school
located in Temple Terrace near Tampa.
A real bunch of Yahoo's not too far from Brandon
in her Riverview townhouse
and once in a vehicle with this 15 year old cousin
while the cousin drove them around Merri and County.
Now, actually, the cousin was getting some peace
in their rearview mirror.
You bet he was.
Giving new meaning to the word rear rectum view.
Bastard turned them into.
Did he?
Yeah, it was his father.
Get out of here.
Yeah, because the cousin talked.
The boy told him that's probably because he wasn't getting any.
Probably out of me as hell.
The boy told investigators Lafayette told him
her marriage was in trouble.
She was aroused by the fact that having sex with him
wasn't allowed.
It was that forbidden fruit.
He said he and Lafayette newly went at the time,
got to know each other and they went back from a class trip
to see World of Nolanda, May 2004.
They got to know each other.
If convicted, that's a trash can get a face
after 15 years in prison on each count.
The police agreement was also designed
to resolve similar charges pending in Miriam County.
Hillsborough Circuit Judge Wayne Timmerman said
Lafayette will also forever lose her teaching certificate.
Must register with the state as a sexual predator.
She could play hockey in Nashville this bitch.
May not have any contact with children including the victim.
It will not be a lot of practice
from the sale of her story or personal appearances.
Prosecutor Michael Cinnacore said the unwritten
spammy wanted to get the case over with because
of the intense public and media scrutiny.
We're happy that the victim's family can put this case
behind them.
He said the whole process has been very difficult
and we hope they can now resume their lives.
After Tuesday's hearing,
her attorney John Pitzkebun said the plea was
a fair resolution in the case.
Asked how she felt after Ridley Fave said tired.
She's tear necked and wore her out.
Let's break up.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pounds.
At least that kid's got something to be thankful for.
Thanks for giving anyway now, right?
Yeah, he does.
Yeah, better than going to Kathy Willets house.
I hope Hank is neat and anymore that pizza.
Please fill some.
That was only one left.
There was only one slice left.
Well, he was doing a favor.
Okay, better than to throw it out.
People are starving man.
Never happened.
WNQA and hello.
Daniel, I used the pink laser with the five breading.
Okay, good.
I'm real happy for you.
Probably took that so that nobody else with somebody,
somebody else we know, we get to it.
Although I really doubt that he's going to be doing that
no more.
Never know, but I just have a feeling that we've cured him
of that because of all the notoriety he got from being me.
The number one pizza thief in the station anyway.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five system.
The Verizon singular right of the line.
WNQA and hello.
Who's that last guy pinky Lee?
WNQA and hello.
I'm sure.
Okay, got one happy for you.
Ron WNQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Happy, happy holidays.
Back to you.
We're going to say that's your near happy holidays man.
Go ahead and get me up so when they say that.
Mary Christmas and happy Jesus and etc.
Happy festival.
Right.
Hey, I have a love your show and George is the best and stuff.
I have a question though.
What yeah, how stupid is George Bush have to get
because walking in the locked doors before everybody realizes he's just an idiot?
Well, there's only about that.
I would say 30% or not.
I'm already so they pretty much know.
Can you do anything worse than walking into the locked door?
I mean, yeah, killing 2100 Americans by based on lies.
I think it's a lot worse than walking into a locked door.
In fact, if he was just a buffoon,
you know, there's such a thing as a lovable buffoon.
And if that was all he did, people said,
like Gerald Ford, you know, he used to flop down the stairs
and couldn't walk in Chugam at the same time
because he was an idiot.
He played too much football without a helmet at Michigan.
Stuff like that.
But this guy is dumb and dangerous.
He's the old double D.
Not just the buffoon part.
How'd you like to look on his radio when he was front open
of his doors and he kind of like stood there with the Alfredi Newman look?
And I thought to myself, you don't have to act.
I mean, that's him.
He's a moron.
And there's nothing wrong with being a moron.
There's a lot of moron.
And his millions of morons run around and loose.
But the problem is he's got power.
He's dangerous.
He's got his finger on it and the button too.
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
How many QA& Hello?
It is W.I.O.
I know.
Your Roger.
Yes.
W.I.O.
Do you need me to start to send?
Yes, I do.
That was bad, man.
I cannot believe you said that.
Listen, tell him to look under when you go click under favorite
and it automatically saves it.
He was looking under a thing to know to say that email address
that he receives or sends.
Yeah.
Well, what do you click under favorites?
You go to favorites and then there it automatically saves it.
Somehow, I'm not a whiz, but I know that's one thing.
I know that's one thing.
Okay, I'll tell him.
You go to the favorite thing.
And don't ever call us W.I.O.D.
again, or come to your house and video.
I've got to come on.
I've been listening.
That's a long, I've been listening.
Okay, thanks, pal.
See you.
I'm going.
I'm on favorites.
When you think Eric would have straightened this out
as a way of making amends for not getting that poll working
until 9 o'clock this morning, add to favorites.
That's not it, right?
No.
Organized favorites.
It says links, customized links, free hot mail, windows,
windows market placement.
That's not it.
MSN.com.
No radio station guide.
That's not it.
So I clinked under favorites.
And okay, add the favorites.
We'll add this page, cancel.
No, I don't want that.
That's not it.
Well, what does this have to do with it?
Do you think he's full of crap?
I thought that was a sheet.
There's not a sheet.
There was a punk.
That was definitely a woman.
Yeah, I know.
Female.
Whatever it was, what differences it makes.
Does it make a difference to her?
Yes.
No, it does not.
Believe me, not at this stage.
Organized favorites.
That's not it.
Is it to create a new folder?
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
This is just, this is crap.
Okay, that's not it.
Radio station guide.
It definitely does not say on this list, W-I-O-D.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-L.
We have, okay, just got the rail.
We went up and broke it, take a slap and all the women
would paint and lift them around the pole.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one and two.
I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers
Aaron Balance one or two hours.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
Tell me something we don't already know, Mr. President.
Our country isn't more.
And our government has the obligation
to protect the American people.
Tell me something we don't already know, Mr. President.
And we are aggressively doing that.
We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice.
We are gathering information about
where the terrorists may be hiding.
We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans.
Anything we do to that effort, any activity we conduct,
is within the law.
We do not torture.
And I wonder how much you tell them true, dumb times.
There's an enemy that works and plots and plans
in Washington, America.
I mean, so you bet we'll aggressively pursue them.
Tell me something we don't already know, Mr. President.
And we will do so under the law.
And that's why you're saying,
there's an administration going through the cops.
We do not torture.
And I wonder how much you tell the truth, dumb times.
We do not torture.
That's the most talented truth.
OK, it's a minute after one at 5.60 WNQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
691 votes on the pool.
I had a couple of emails there during the last break.
And I thought, I bet you won us from Eric.
And he's reminding me how you do that thing.
To save those addresses, you know?
Yeah, they weren't.
Well, he, I talked to him in the chat and he said,
you talked to Eric?
Yes.
I mean, you apologize for like screwing up that thing this morning.
I talk here where you're going to get for that.
OK, don't be knocking Eric, man.
He's probably finished doing his jury
butler on that turkey for Thanksgiving.
Besides the point, he'd be more than happy to help you.
Just call him after the show.
No, I got the main coming today after the show.
I got to get that line here, man.
It's Wednesday.
You didn't go to lunch as opposed to see.
I got to have to retrain my whole schedule now.
I'm not going to rush it out of here to woodbine no more.
No chance.
OK, give him a call.
He'll be happy to help you.
Willie.
Yes.
In other words, it's too complicated for him
just to tell you, well, flip this and flip that and stick this
and too complicated.
I guess.
I can't believe that you don't know how to do that.
In other words, every time you send something you got to
rewrite the address on it.
The thing is, you're using Alexa to do this, right?
No, I'm not using Alexa.
Oh, geez, you are, man, between you guys.
I thought that I was an old turd.
Alexa, you don't have to do that.
Alexa, you know, it does work the same thing on Alexa, by the way.
That's the same principle.
Right.
But I'm smoking chimpy.
Don't use Alexa.
It's got its own crap for emailing.
You follow him saying, well, let me go to the website.
But Alexa, it's the same principle, though, with Alexa.
You click on here and it gives you a little menu of whoever
addresses you've stuck in here and you click whichever one you want.
And by the way, instead of retiping it over again,
what differences make with them using Alexa or the other thing?
Why, if you don't know how to do it?
Oh, God, please.
No wonder Hank doesn't want to be bothered with computers.
He'd rather be involved with pizza than with computers.
And I can't say I blame him.
But I'm starting to see a pattern that reminds me of my old, dead,
friend, fat rich, you know, the denial factor.
Not that I'm anyone to talk eating all that ice cream.
I didn't have a point of hugging that.
I was bananas yesterday.
It was magnificent.
But it's always good to have some cinnamon around, you know?
I got to get me a new jar of cinnamon.
I thought you were off that.
Off what?
No, that's not to keep your blood sugar lower,
but because it tastes so good, the combination with the cinnamon and the banana,
and that caramel and the bottom of the thing.
Ooh, but anyway, I'm seeing the same pattern there,
in denial, you know, with the diabetes thing.
And Hank is like eating pizza there.
Don't be eating no pizza.
That crust of all the things that you can eat,
they probably send your blood sugar skyrocketing factor in anything else you can think of.
Yeah, but it's real good.
No one is, it's okay.
Is it worth dying for?
Ice cream maybe.
Pizza, no.
I like pizza a lot.
I love pizza.
But is pizza worth dying for?
But ice cream is?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I'm dying for some right now.
No, this is ice cream free day, especially with Thanksgiving tomorrow.
God only knows.
And I don't think they're going to be serving no Thanksgiving dinners tomorrow.
It's not a holiday here tomorrow.
Well, when you hand our Thanksgiving A, 5,6,7,0,5,50,
you think somebody on this audience who's a computer,
was this thing that got what a favorite singer, that woman,
whatever that thing was.
What was it?
Well, what she's saying is right.
What?
I don't know what you're doing at the Smirking Chimp.
How do you even send an email from there?
At the bottom of each story.
Have you ever seen the website that's one of our very favorites?
We use many of their stories every day.
Mr. Hotshot.
At the bottom of the story, there are two little icons.
One to print and one to email the story.
Let me go to another story.
I beg your pardon?
No, you don't have to go to any other story.
All of the stories, every story on smirkingchimp.com.
At the very bottom in the bottom right hand corner,
there's two little icons.
One is Carl Icon.
The other one is a big finger steering you in the face.
There's a little print symbol there to print it out.
And then there's a little letter thing to email it.
And you click on the little square of page thing there.
And the email form comes up.
And it says send it to your name, your email address,
who you sent it to, what his email and the shoe size is,
how big it is, et cetera.
You got it?
Well, may I see that?
You can log in or something.
What?
Do you log in or something?
Because I don't see that.
Josh, is he saying something or am I just imagining it?
He can't see it either.
He's just imagining it.
Yeah.
You can't see what?
The email or print.
Now you're starting to get me very...
Let me say it again.
I saw Gaslight.
It was very entertaining movie.
Not that seen out yet.
Every single story on the smirclingchimp, okay?
And the bottom right hand corner, you will see those icons.
You don't see the icons.
You don't see the little...
Let's wait for Josh.
You don't see them either?
He's looking.
Yeah, I see it.
Okay.
Yeah.
And by the way, how do you get the email?
How do you want the picture that...
...preach around our website?
Is that on there yet?
Yes, on there.
Excellent.
I see Josh is on top of it.
Unlike Miguel, who's pretending to be a computer expert.
But just...
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
You can't see it.
Show it to him, Josh.
Oh my god.
There it is.
Oklahoma Preaching gets puncturing a sermon.
Now, when they go to that, I'm thinking I have to go back to the link to the original to see the video.
Or not.
Wait, hold on.
What I've listened to right now.
They're going to have to go back to the link to the article so you can see the video of the preacher actually getting punched out.
I'm trying to be helpful to the audience while these guys are still smircling with their chimp.
Whatever you say.
56670560, 0560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
Come in to QAN.
Hello.
QAN.
Yeah, tell Neil Neal's asking about on the computer there when he presses that icon.
And to send the mail, always going to do is go to the address book.
And that will bring up all of his addresses and all of the he needs.
You don't have to do that.
He's going to have to do that too.
Go where he wants to go with that photograph.
No chance.
No.
I'm sure he can't figure it out then.
Because he's dumb.
Thanks, Pallet.
No, that's not going to have to do that.
Once you've had it in the first time, it stays there.
Once you enable whatever that thing is, the thing is in the thing is.
I have to go to the address book every time I got it.
It's fasted.
It's like re-slightening, man.
In fact, once I enable that, I'm going to send Josh 4,000 stories for tomorrow just because I'm so frustrated about this.
I hate computers.
Whoever invented these should only croak.
God.
W2AM.
Hello.
2AM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you hear that?
Rick Moranis died?
Who?
Rick Moranis.
Get out of here.
The comedian.
Rick Moranis?
Yeah.
died from what?
Suppose we had heart failure.
Something with his heart.
Rick Moranis.
Do a Google on that.
I don't believe this guy.
Rick Moranis died.
We're on it.
That's what Duff said he wants.
567-0560 for the holidays.
He said that he wants that for his Christmas present.
More gifts.
WQAM.
Hello.
Boy, these are the slowest group today, man.
They must already be stuffing their face.
Every time they call.
Can we turn the computer to figure this out?
Yeah.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I thought you said you wouldn't do anything to the House 795.
You keep talking about your computer.
You're really helping them out.
Yeah, okay.
You're still with us, though.
Thanks.
WQAM.
Hello.
Well.
So I had to break the news to that.
0790 is not in my competition.
That's the sports nerds.
Okay.
Hey, by the way.
Yeah.
It worked when I did it.
It was.
I just sent you a link.
And when I pressed.
And again, it popped up.
Yeah, because that's already enabled in there.
And that computer.
So go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
Miguel's talking to his friend.
Yeah.
I was only exactly here.
You were trying to say that when you put on a website,
you have to keep tapping it over again.
Or was it in your address book?
The website?
It's a new computer.
It's a new computer.
So you go through all those websites for the first time.
You're going to have to type them all in.
Once you type them in the first time,
or if the door goes to that little arrow on the bottom,
on the right hand side of your address bar,
clicker, scroll up and down,
and you're going to be able to get to it without a problem.
Okay.
Thanks.
No, that's all right.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
Eric sent you an email.
Oh, thank God.
Thank you, Eric.
Eric, stop the problem.
We don't want to talk about this anymore.
The guy is right.
We're chasing.
Everybody away.
Computer talk is terminal, man.
I thought it was going to be like a three-second thing.
And of course, Miguel faxes me this thing here,
which is just totally wrong.
Totally wrong.
Totally, very.
Totally wrong, yeah.
What?
Well, that was completely totally wrong.
What?
What I sent you.
Did you finally find the icon there in the bottom of your
smirkling chip or not?
Well, stop talking about it.
The audience is going into a coma.
They're having a fit.
They're taking their arbitrage and diaries
and they're burning them.
And even about the window.
They're flushing them down the toilet.
They're calling up Joel Feinberg and threatening to listen to his station.
By the way, thanks for calling, Joel.
That was him before.
QAM, hello.
Come on, Nicole.
Okay.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Anya, are you?
Okay, I'm going to tell you the story.
I was in Sunrise the other day.
I'm at the public.
Yeah.
Public of Flamingo and Sunrise Boulevard.
I published, right?
I tried to find a parking space.
This lady's pulling out in front of me, and I'm waiting.
Basically, at the curb, what the main street is.
Well, I pull out back into the main street
and this lady's zooming at me, blows her horn,
and is looking at me like I'm crazy.
Now, is the speed limit in a parking lot, not around between five to ten miles an hour?
So I rolled out of the window and looked at her go,
slow down, you fat pig.
I find this space I run inside.
I get my things.
And as I'm paying, the lady walks up to me.
She goes, do you think that was necessary?
Do you think that was necessary?
Do you like to degrade women?
I was like, lady.
That's when I'm a father of three daughters.
I don't look a great woman.
I do great fat pig.
Get out of my house.
Yeah, you miserable bitch you, right?
You would not leave if you wanted to insist that I'm like,
hey, are you serious?
Well, you insist that I'm worth it.
You're going to apologize, is that it?
I don't know what you was expecting.
I'm like, please, just get out of my house.
I'm yelling inside the public.
Get out of my house.
It's just a world what the world's come to, man.
There you go.
Okay, well, where do we have it?
You bet.
You slut.
You're more.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Maybe she's listening right now.
Let me say it again.
You bet.
You slut.
You were.
Nice, the old bitch.
Okay, just cut the crap and stop being anti-social.
That's another reason not to be in Florida.
Too much anti-social behavior.
Outrageous, grotesque, hostile.
You know what I'm saying?
Tostyle, like that.
That's exactly right.
Well, he's your founder, right place.
I said, no, the old saying about water seeks its own level.
He's your founder.
And don't forget, he will be here at two.
Whatever his name is.
700, look at that.
We got 7-11.
That's not bad, huh?
7-11?
Look, in Copenhagen, it was on every street corner.
There's a 7-11.
We'll beat that.
So during the break, I'm going to like read over the Eric email.
And I'm going to fix that thing.
And then we're going to like zip through the rest of this.
How do we get sidetracked with this crap, Miguel?
This is new ride.
Look at that.
This is called.
This is five-two-three.
Correct.
And that's the new man.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
You're right.
You're right.
Here.
I do.
I do.
She knows her life is hungry.
For every girl in this world,
that ever has, we can't be sure I'd like.
I'll be changed.
So this breakup I feel is the best thing for me.
Those strippers are fine.
I feel self-intensive.
When they seduce me, you'll just go, I do.
Welcome.
She don't you.
I'll spend the rest of my life finding another hard-wired.
I do.
She don't you.
She thinks I'll do control.
I'll give them just any hope.
I'll wait until they see you.
If they displate that's leaving me crushed,
yes again.
You're fair.
I'll tell you one thing.
Thanks Jessica for giving me the cure by the way.
Thanks to Eric.
You are the best.
I'll tell you the second what the deal was.
It's fixed.
It's working out.
Is this business all these experts out there?
Well, go to the address book.
By the time you got to that, you could already type the damn thing in again.
What's the point of doing that?
Well, that's why you went through the real expert.
The real expert, Eric.
That's right.
Fat Eric.
Thank you so much.
Anyway, Jessica Simpson cured me of him.
I'll tell you that.
I was obsessed.
Obsessed with Nicolas Che.
I always got a big honkr there.
But nonetheless, did you watch the newlywed, did you?
No, I did not.
Why do you ask that?
Well, you said you were obsessed.
I figured that.
I'm talking about when he was 98 degrees.
Oh.
I'm not talking about when he was with Jessica.
So what happened?
This whole fully active thing.
I went, oh, and are they splitting up?
Are they?
Who cares?
Okay.
He's turned into a real slime ball.
And she's, you know, eight yards beyond bubblehead.
And who cares?
He looks pretty good, though.
But nevertheless, she's all right.
Well, you give her on a skill of 10 to 10, but I'm eating the half.
I'll give her a good nine, myself.
Yeah.
Well, I said eight and a half.
Is that that for off like, oh, oh, who you can?
How far is that eight and a half to nine, huh?
Like a half a point apart.
All right.
Okay.
And what does Vigil say?
Eight and a half a good, I said.
Eight and a half, I think it's fine.
She's not, yeah, but she's all right.
But she's an idiot and I'm just tired of both of them.
Anyway, an internet explorer go to tools, slash internet options,
pick the content tab, click on the auto complete button,
then make sure that web addresses forms
and user names and passwords on forms are all checked.
And that's it.
I did that at a worse now.
And thanks, Derek.
Eric is a god of that guy.
But nevertheless, all right.
See, that's all I wanted to get that accomplished.
Now instead of having to sit here and make calls back and forth
and hear Eric, whoa, like that, you know, turn the page.
Yeah, let's move on.
Let's forget this computer talk.
Now they got my puter all set up.
Let's stop at a computer talk because pretty soon they'll be turned over
to like Sydney, a Rosenstein, a Berg, a crance, whatever his name is.
What's his name?
St. Rosen, crance.
That's it.
Oil for Bronx.
Poor is a foreign gift.
This is from the New York Daily News.
I feel so excited now that I got that done.
Now I can send Eric, I mean, the George, I have a bunch of stories.
No, I did.
Look, you understand the difference between having it like
keep writing the same stuff out again?
Sure I do.
I just, you know, maybe just do it to click on a button.
Well, no, me and Miguel were talking over the break.
Everybody does things differently.
That's all.
Yeah, I know that.
They're preference.
Yeah.
Just ask, doff.
Santa Claus make way for Santa Chavez.
Poor residents and non-profit groups in the South Bronx are about to receive a huge
Christmas gift from Venezuela's Firebrand President, Hugo Chavez, 8 million gallons of
heating oil at bargain basement prices.
Two months ago, an interview with the Daily News doing his visit to the U.N., Chavez first
made the startling offer a cheap fuel for this winter from his oil rich country to a handful
of poor communities in the USA.
At the time, critics of the radical popular Chavez, the Bush administration's biggest
nemesis in South America, scoffed its proposal.
But the Venezuelan leaders about to deliver, how do you like that?
The first shipments of low cost fuel from Sitco will begin arriving in my district by
late next week.
US representative Jose Sermon, Democrat of South Bronx said yesterday, Sitco, the Houston-based
subsidiary of Venezuela's national oil company, owns 14,000 gas stations in eight refineries
in the U.S. because of that Chavez is a ready-made distribution system and doesn't need any special
approvals from the White House for his project.
Our constituents are facing some of the highest energy bills in recent history.
Even as oil companies are reporting the largest profits in recent memories, Sermon, said,
I'm very pleased to have helped broker this historic agreement.
The Bronx congressman has been working feverishly for which to connect local nonprofit groups
with Sitco and benefit the way the government officials.
The South Bronx plan to surrender one in Nantes yesterday in Boston for Sitco to supply 12 million
gallons of discount on heating oil to 45,000 low-income families and nonprofits in Massachusetts.
Out of the Chavez, France Sitco will sell oil for way below, not just below, but way below the market price,
about a buck 35 gallons, instead of current average of 225.
The average Massachusetts homeowner would save about 180 bucks for each 200 gallons shipment
enough to last about three weeks and it goes on and on.
Hey like that, you got to turn to Hilo Chavez because Mr. President, we can no longer thank you
for those bargain-braised basement gas prices.
We can no longer thank you somebody, but he much.
You're quizzling, you idiot, you...
You're fair, right?
Yeah, and by the way, I have some idiot open a door for it next time.
God.
And what that room he was in, what that kind of bizarre?
Like a little child would be in with the red walls and the yellow polka dots.
Very strange, very surreal, like him.
738 votes, what a shame.
We could have had our thousand a day like falling off low, you know, because he had 200 to that.
No one's saying?
No, it's your saying.
Well, I'll listen, nobody's perfect.
Tomorrow, thanks for giving me.
They would be lucky to have 200 votes on the pool.
Who is the obvious QAM personality?
Hank Goldberg, 235.
He's pulled away to a 50-volt lead since he had those 10 sizes of pizza.
Moe Howard, David, 185.
Are we talking about on the outside or on the inside?
You see the difference?
By the way, if you missed Josh's story about his conscience with Moe yesterday, you missed a lot.
How long did that confed go on?
I don't say it was a nice five minute.
Well, I thought he was on the air then, was that during that press conference?
It was during a break.
Oh, they got spots in that show?
Apparently.
I bet you know that, what's his name?
What's the new guy's name that they were talking about this morning that Troy...
Oh, I wasn't Troy telling this about it.
He got from New York, could sort of kick my ass.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Reed.
Rex Reed.
Greg Reed.
I don't know how old David and 185 is 50 behind the Humper.
Joseph Gackie, 86.
Had this interred.
The Beast, 81.
Neo Roger, 70.
Man, they don't come much uglier than me.
Oh, Brett.
Brett.
Oh, yeah, Brett, like your girl's name, like Brett Summers.
And Brett Farve, who plays like your girl now.
George Rodriguez, 28.
Orlando Alza Query, 10.
And Jim Anderson, Gelly Yeldstein, 10.
He'll be on with the Panther game that I was silly as Red Deer Randy.
Eddie K's got eight.
Nobody has ever seen Eddie K.
Outside of the building.
Except it's a track.
Lenny Martez, seven Curtis Stevens, and five.
How come Curtis moved up?
What's Curtis is like?
Yeah, he's ugly.
Troy Stratford, two in Kim Boatcamp, was still as only one.
Oh, they are terrified.
They know that well, if they vote for him, he's going to trace the vote.
And the company you're house to just beat this not out of you.
Just going to pick up that Dan Cowan from the University Dodge
and he went through your front window.
Five, six, seven.
Let's get a lot of these good.
We've had some of the best calls we've ever had on the show today.
When you say, oh, yeah.
Yes.
Rick Morandis is not dead.
That's why I had you look it up.
I didn't believe it.
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
So that coming a million miles away.
Oh, I hear Milton Burledi, too.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
I went a lot more.
OK, good.
Hi.
Maybe you can get together with Robert Gretler.
What?
It would be a good match, you know what?
No, Chris Whitley did die.
Who?
Chris Whitley.
Who's that?
I don't know.
I saw that.
There was somebody nobody who ever heard of before.
I'm not going to put obituaries on here about people that nobody ever heard of.
We put important people on here like Link Ray, the missing link.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Neil, I just want to tell you I listen to you all the time.
I love you.
You're like too much.
I love George.
I know, but I love George Moore.
Are you ready for this?
His voice makes me hot.
Really?
Really.
How sad.
I'll send my razor.
OK, it vibrates.
OK.
560.
560.
That was really sad.
Well, we got a lady on there.
You know, I'm always belly-occuent about we got no ladies listening, no lady callers.
But then when they do call, it makes me feel so much better about life.
560.
Well, you know, George's voice makes her hot.
George's voice, quite frankly, is what it is.
In fact, George's voice is just like George.
You know what I'm saying?
I do.
George is kind of like a nondescript look about.
I mean, he's kind of a nondescript voice.
That's not a knock.
I think he would agree with that.
He has a nondescript voice.
He'll tell you he's a little guy kind of funny looking.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
And there's that the sky miles.
What's this?
A Chad Everett Betsy Everett?
If you're all packed in here.
That's it.
A bigger query in Atlanta.
Yeah, go up to Atlanta and watch all the fish swim around.
This is me, Roger.
If you don't like fish, don't go to Atlanta.
This is 560.
280.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You failed.
Listen to the sound of George Guard.
falling flat, awkwardly into the sea.
You think of a pavilion there like JFK,
could afford a better plane.
This JFK at 4th-night volume would have snowed
a fiber of the cheap and crappy plane that flows
a burning death my head's about to go away.
Now head the only one that's left alive today
from what they call the Kennedy curse.
If Dorothy Gilgame looks alive, she'd say,
here up its only gonna get worse.
But she did.
This is the view of the sound of John John's falling face.
Thunder's louder, but it's water,
for his way.
This is the sound of John John's falling face.
Thunder's louder, but it's water's louder.
Not only do we need to apologize today,
I, not we, not us, I need to apologize to
bubble headed a little solid at a brine who said,
Jose Padilla, because he changed the way his name is now.
Jose Padilla from the not-so-freedom flotilla.
And also I got to apologize because yesterday,
well, one caller that was about November 22nd,
you know, he didn't make himself very clear.
If he would have just said today's the anniversary
of the assassination of John Kennedy, I would have said,
oh yeah, that's right.
1963, 37 and 5 is 42 years ago.
Right?
Right.
But he was like, but to me, Pada Boehme and I just
didn't know what he's talking about.
So that's the reason I played that because
John John was such a bitter disappointment to the rest of us
because he just, much you do about nothing
and I still think he was own asses his kid.
He had no Kennedy in him.
A lot of ugly rumors about him too, John.
But let, let, let, let it lie there in the sea, you know,
with him, a lot of ugly rumors.
A lot of womanizing, a lot of drugs.
Just rumors though, of course, just like all those nasty rumors
about Tom Cruise.
You fairy.
What?
Come out of the club.
You don't believe those rumors do you?
Come on.
Of course.
Just because somebody says that does make it so all the way
in his case, of course.
I am going to go out and get the, I'm going to, I already
have the South Park movie.
I'm just going to watch it again all day.
You can start reading it in the end of the big time.
In fact, what a shame.
You know what we can't play?
Because that woman I called about George,
we got that George makes me moist, but I certainly can't
play that.
You know that fifth?
Yeah.
And I'll make sure I can't play that.
And the South Park stuff, oh man.
Oh, let me taste the kids, dad.
Yeah.
I am above the lot.
And well, let's see.
Is this got a good bleep in it?
Uh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing carrying me?
Yeah, that's got a real good, good God.
Yeah, we got love this.
Uh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing carrying me?
Yeah, that's got a beautiful bleep in it.
And that one, I don't think it's got a good, oh, and that one
we can't play.
You're good, good.
And that one can't, how about this?
She's an evil bitch.
That's what about Joyce?
Yes, then special.
Do you want about Joyce?
Oh, and then we always got this one.
Friends, people, piss me out.
Yeah, mention that it's a hockey game tonight.
Okay, over and over again.
Friends, people, piss me out.
She's shouting that it Marty Bordur, uh, friend, yeah.
And then of course there's our favorite.
You going to hell, you dad.
Right.
Okay, I said, oh, I must be able to play that, um, have yourself a
very effing Christmas.
I, this is the second year we can't play that, right?
Was it a year ago, February?
Yeah, was a year ago.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, time flies when you're getting repressed.
A year ago, February, we had the Janet Jackson, uh,
FiliTrap, Flapp, and the Justin Tinkerbell.
And that was the excuse.
All of a sudden, start taking away everybody's freedom of speech
and the public said, oh, but I mean, but I will, but I like that.
Seldom in history, I've had so many people had so many rights taken away.
And by the way, Roe v. Wade will be going by by next year.
You'll see that once they get that Nazi in there.
Uh, and it's like, uh, but I mean, but I mean, just floating through.
Where's my Xbox?
Where's my Xbox?
Do you see the way those people were lined up like three o'clock in the morning?
But I see it.
How could you miss it?
There were people as soon as they unloaded the trucks.
They were waiting for the trucks to arrive.
Yeah.
So they could, I got mine.
I got mine.
I got mine.
I showed people on the news here last time.
I got mine.
I got mine.
Here's mine too.
Flip them two birds.
In fact, I wish my figure had bird flu just so I could give it to them.
Xbox, my ass.
The leader of the largest branch of American Judaism blasted conservative religious activists
in the speech over the weekend calling them zealots who claim them monopoly on God
while promoting anti-game policies that came to Adolf Hitler's.
And he happens to be absolutely correct.
Rabbi Eric Yafi, president of the Liberal Union for Reform Judaism, said religious right leaders
believe unless you attend my church, accept my God and study my sacred text, you can't be a moral person.
What could be more bigoted than to claim that you have monopoly on God?
He said during the movements, national assembly in Houston.
Wow.
The audience of 5,000 responded to the speech with enthusiastic applause.
You go, Rabbi.
Yafi did not mention evangelical Christians directly using the term religious right instead.
In a separate interview, we said the phrase and cupboards conservative activists of all faiths, including those within the Jewish community,
the far-bist North of Los Jews he's talking about as well.
He was especially strong language, condemned conservative attitude toward homosexuals.
He said he understood that traditionalists have included gay marriage by a led scripture,
but said that didn't justify denying legal protection to same-sex partners and their children.
We can't forget that when Hitler came to power in 33, one of the first things that he did was to ban gay organizations, Yafi.
He said, yes, we can disagree about gay marriage, but there's no excuse for hateful rhetoric that fuels the Hellfires of anti-gay bigotry.
The union for reform Judaism represents about 900 synagogues in North America, an estimated membership of 1.5 million people of the three major streams of US Judaism,
Orthodox and conservative the others.
It's the only one that sanctions gay-ordinated in support civil marriage for same gender couples.
Yafi said liberals and conservatives share some concerns as to the potential damage to children from violent or highly sexual TV shows, not a popular media,
but he said overall conservatives too narrowly define family values, making a frozen embryo in a fertility clinic more important than a child,
and ignoring poverty and other social ills. And once again, he happened to be...
Absolutely correct, sir.
One attendee, Juni Weinman of Toronto, New York said she thought Yafi was right on target and probably shopping at target, just to piss off a certain people.
He reminded us of where we have things in common and where we're different, she said.
Yafi also made her to model themselves on presidential candidate John F. Kennedy, who famously told a Houston clergy group in 1960 that a president should not make policy based in his religion.
On other topics, Yafi asked her former senator Augusta to do more to hold on to members who often leave after their children go to college.
He also said to me for a moment, which is among the most accepting of non-Jewish spouses, or Shixza, should make greater efforts to invite spouses to convert.
Oh, I see, there we go again.
Thank you for the offer they can refuse.
Try to take away their home entouched next forum. Even Miguel likes a good home entouched.
You never had one? No.
Josh, I bet you never had one.
No.
Hey, listen, don't say it that way unless you know you're missing something really good.
I'm not talking about those hard little triangle ones. I'm talking about the really nice soft ones with the poppy season sign.
Oh, man.
Yeah, that good.
They are really good.
When I think it's in February, the next forum comes, I'll make damn sure that Georgia gets it all taken care of.
Too many years ago, and by we've been shined with the home entouched on forum time.
I would say next time, Stephen the pizza, that's the most disgusting thing.
I can't believe you let him eat pizza.
Come on. You're a murder, man.
No, you're a killer.
You should be doing that.
That killer?
I see him on TV, they're on ABC and the SP, and I was happy to see my good friend, the Humper.
And I see him, and I'm thinking to myself, any second, he's going to like bust right out of that jacket, man.
He's bigger than life itself. He's a monster in the sports industry.
And you're, you've got to like, stop it.
You don't think that his really guy shy is going to stuff in the morning.
But he's going to probably bring him cheese blinces with like sour cream and raspberry and all kinds of crap on it.
Oh, they get their how he's on how he's every morning.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was here, Hank say, oh, thanks, how he's for the coffee, you know, I got a feeling he's doing more than drinking the coffee from how he's, I wanted some spy reports here.
Okay, I don't want to start nudging him like, it's necessary.
All right. I can take care of that.
If I were to nudged you fat, ritual a little more, maybe he'd still be alive, but I doubt it.
But I tried at the track, I'd say, don't bring that, whatever you do, don't bring the rolls to the table.
Do not bring them. Okay.
And then after a while, they continue bringing them aside before he'd get there, because I always got there first.
I would take the rolls and I push him off to the side. Well, needless to say, he had the nose for the rolls.
And now he's in a box. See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
65 is not old. I mean, you know, compared to me, it's old, but nevertheless, when he told me he was using the July track too, I just about lost it.
It made me feel so young.
In fact, that's going to be, I may sing that to Hank on Friday.
You make me feel so young. Winnipee great.
Good 90 share easy. Better than talking about computer crap.
20 tell to speak about young. Oh my God, just a young part of the two.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 Q.A.
8 cheese. Tonight on celebrity poker.
10. The reports the chips.
Good. How's bracket?
Sure. How's the geno?
You fairies. Jack's wasn't the same.
And some middle part of your bowl.
Alright, nice. Let's say.
How's everybody?
What are you betting, Alan?
6,000. I call you Alan, because I am now, bracket.
I don't care who you are, you fairies.
Now, how much? 6,000 dollars.
It's an awful lot of money. What are you going to do about it?
You fairies.
What do you got, Jack?
You just cost me 6,000 dollars.
And one kind of thing.
What are you going to do about it?
Oh, this is Ben's in excitement.
You can expect from low budget dumb down television.
Like this viewer here.
That was funny. Oh, God, I worked today.
He comes, Russian Geno in a chair with celebrity poker on ESPU.
146. I am going to opute my guts out in a second when I read this story that I just dialed the press.
Go for it.
I'm printing that right now, but if you were that, oh, here it is. It's coming off this temporary printer.
I could also send it to the printer store, but that would also put you into a coma.
My brother that I just brought that new brother 4800, then I love that all in one.
Oh, I love the other one.
I have one.
And I had the old installation disk, and I wasn't going to work with this with Windows XP.
And I thought, oh, gee, but then luckily I found there was another disk.
A newer disk.
And then he wrote, wait a year there.
So you will absolutely plots right over on the counter.
More Florida voters rate, yet Bush is a good governor rather than great, so so or bad.
And it's like more than half of who the job he's doing.
What did I tell you?
I always tell you that, your fat ass governor.
No matter what he does, no matter how he tries to subvert the world of the public, no matter what kind of shady deals he pulls, no matter how much he lies, no matter what he does.
And what kind of a dysfunctional, fully family he's got that he won't talk about when he opens up a mouthful about everybody else.
He's made a tough one.
40% of pollsters from Quinnipiac University of Hamden, Connecticut said that Bush's performance has been good during the seven years compared to 15% to who said he was great.
Oh, 52% positive rating for your fat ass governor.
And I compared to 31% who said he was so, so while only 15% said he was bad.
And the arranges it says here said he was a fat ass.
Those responses were similar to results from a separate question and they gave Bush a 53 to 37% approval rating.
All the way distinct minority of voters throughout thought Florida's education economy tax situations have improved during the only very small like five people.
They also showed last week the poll released that 58% of Florida voters said that they probably or definitely would not vote for Bush if he ran for president in 2008.
58% said, uh-uh.
61% disapproved of the job that his brother president was doing while only 37% approved.
That's in Florida significantly worse than his fat ass brother.
The governor's made tax cutting a hallmark on but it would but about somewhat better education numbers not too great and etc.
And nobody cares about the fact that whether it's class size, the slots, any other elections we have that the governor continues to burden the world of the election because he's got devious plans and a devious family to an devious wife whose model is crap in.
Now give me the story that had yesterday and somebody you know we appreciate the fact that you want to make sure all you notice and we want to thank me now so you're not going to be the mayor.
You're going to be there Friday.
I'll be here Friday.
Okay. But I think we all owe Miguel a vote of gratitude and thanks for getting me off these stories.
Josh.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
I don't want to keep reading all these then bedtime stories man.
I'm just going to make your life easier.
Well, no it's not just that but look first of all we're not going to save the world number one.
Secondly listen to the people that call this show.
Okay.
Now do you think that those people give a crap about whether the world is going to continue spinning around and look at all the people lined up for Xbox?
Okay.
People are interested in crap and if people want crap then just like that what's his name Kevin Chudo you know something I just changed my mind about him.
Who?
Kevin Chudo that's phony with that book he sells and what doctors don't want to know any FDA that phony got an infomercial that's making billions of dollars off a gullible suckers.
If he can make it more power to him.
Did you buy one?
I did yes.
No I only bought it because I wanted to like see it like a self-expositacy the kind of crap that was in there.
And it was that you know it was compulsion buying I was at the counter of Walgreens done here one day several months ago.
And there was the book was at the counter no less.
You bought it for research purposes.
Yeah.
That's right just like hustle magazine.
The New York Civil Liberties Union is proud a federal discrimination complaint against the Catholic school charging that it unjustly fired an unmarried teacher for being priggling.
She was in a family way.
She was with child.
She had a bun in the oven while these cute little sayings.
I don't understand how religion that prides itself on forgiving and valuing life could terminate me because I'm pregnant and choosing to have this baby Michelle McCusker said Monday the news conference to announce the suit.
The 26 year old preschool teacher was fired last month from Saint Rosa of Lima in Queens according to published reports.
The diocese of Brooklyn also was named an equal opportunity employment opportunity of commission of plane.
This is a difficult situation for every person involved but the school had no choice but to follow the principles contained in the teachers personnel handbook.
The diocese spokesman Frank DeRosa said the news release.
The handbook says that each teacher must convey the teachings of the Catholic faith by his or her words and actions.
Lawyers at the NYCLU which filed a suit on McCusker's behalf argue that administrators enforce the policy in a way that disproportionately affects women.
Not too many guys have to leave because they're pregnant all over the Catholic church.
You can't be there trying they're trying like nobody told them it doesn't work.
The school user pregnancy is a marker attorney Cassandra Stubbs said how do they determine if male employees engage in premarital sex.
It's not the first time the NYCLU is argued such a case in 2003.
The honorary director of an after school program run by Catholic charity in Buffalo was demoted when she became pregnant.
The equal employment commission found that the charity violated federal anti-discrimination laws the NYCLU sent.
The charity agreed to ban discrimination based on marital status or pregnancy.
That's what all those Catholic priests are doing.
They're trying to get pregnant after all right.
How can you overpopulate the world when the rest of the people aren't doing a fast enough job like Miguel is only got two kids so far.
What are you waiting for? Let's go. Let's get with it.
Let's do like those ragheads baby boy they multiply like cockroaches. Is it incredible or what? I never realized that before.
What is it supposed to be? There's like a billion Muslims in a world. If there's a billion right now by the end of this year there'll be like ten billion.
This is Neil Rogers. They are doing this five sixteen two eight eight.
It's the terrorist one air.
Oh yeah. So as you drive on into work.
Feel it.
The White House says what all the film now.
In fact, you were named Mike Strike neck.
Yeah, well, nervous. Rex because of all of the stress.
From spaces we better watch out. He is the word I feel is the air.
It's a terrorist one air.
The love of men says be proofy.
And I'm scared.
They say not if but when now.
Not 50 threats or a joke.
Yeah, I think they're a hope they give me a stroke.
I think that I just will ignore it. Yeah, lift my life.
Enjoy the ride. My life.
I can't have a ride.
Terrorist.
Make this thing a war.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I don't give a crap what that very best is saying.
If he wants to talk to him, say, what?
I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about.
I'm recording at the condo. I can't see elevated down.
And on my way to the car when I told my golden basket out, I give a free condo paper.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
I said the door is a back and pow.
Why you lose?
I'm a car along you, spoiled old bull.
I know everything that's going on in that room.
Why I even know all the new Maja rules.
I'm here to enjoy Daniel.
You guys are going back tonight.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my voice, look, yay.
You're a little smoothing.
You're a little smoothing.
You're a little smoothing.
You're a little smoothing.
You're a little smoothing.
Bye, bye, bye.
